  just being included in this list means a lot , i do n't want to sound like a jerk but for example most countries in africa are not included at all . 
  it 's not like a list of countries as in your stupid example . 
  your original question was  by what standard do you claim the latter ? 
  you got your answer . 
  if you want to continue believing that your education is bad because fidesz is the devil or whatever that 's your personal choice . 
  well according to [ this list ] ( http://www.topuniversities.com/university-rankings/world-university-rankings/2013#sorting=rank+region=+country=+faculty=+stars=false+search= ) hungarian universities are in the 500-600 range so yes there are about 500 universities in the world which are better but they are almost all in the us and western europe where they have more money to spend on education . 
  regionally however hungarian universities are better ranked than czech , polish , romanian or croatian so that should be some comfort ... 
  this is most sane comment in this thread , hope it gets upvoted . 
  well it has changed , i was happy with paying the private utility companies what they asked , apparently some people did n't , so they nationalised them . 
  the goal apparently is to keep the prices low because until now the evil private companies made zillions with their unreasonably high prices . 
  fine , so prices are going down and they will stay low . 
  so the question remains : who will finance these companies from going broke ? 
  if the price is so low that they ca n't maintain themselves then the money has to come from elsewhere ( and i do n't want to think about the possibility of it not coming since that would mean decaying infrastructure and blackouts ) . 
  yes they are really friendly and lots of fun , but they do n't have any depth . 
  they are very shallow ( as i already wrote ) . 
  because they are shallow people with nothing to look for in their lives . 
  i have some relatives who were born and are living in australia most of their lives and when they come over here they 're surprised that people here have friends with whom they can just hang out and that their lives are not only work-money-alcohol . 
  yes australians have the money to travel all over the world and make `` sabbaticals '' to europe or wherever but in the process they do n't learn anything and return back to a career in a soulless company to make money to compensate for the time their parents did n't hug them . 
  not sure about iceland-denmark-sweden but i guess it 's their repressed lifestyle and the fact they live in the dark for most of the year . 
  fine i must 've misread that , i 've removed that part from my comment now, 
   surely the government will make it a priority to keep them efficient . 
  that 's fine , except i have n't yet heard what that `` priority '' would mean . 
  how much of my tax money will go to keeping these companies modern and efficient ? 
  because so far it was 0 , and now it 'll probably be more than 0 . 
  unless of course they plan to keep it at 0 , in which case i can expect blackouts in a few years . 
  http://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/19958697/ukraine-government-drops-pact-with-eu-renews-russia-dialogue/  it would , he said , cost kiev $ 500 billion in trade with russia over the coming years , while implementing demands for ukraine to adopt eu legal and other standards would cost another $ 104 billion . 
  hey look at saudi arabia and oman , they are richer than eastern europe, 
  i have n't heard yet anyone answering back to what the ukrainan president said * why * he does n't want to join the eu . 
  he said if they did they would lose 300 billion euros in trading with russia , and implementing the eu laws will cost another 100 billion . 
  did anyone check these concerns ? 
  i mean the eu is fine and all but it does n't mean you have to ruin yourself just to join it . 
  if it 's non-profit then there 's no interest to invest , so the infrastructure will degrade over time . 
  i have n't heard yet what the plan is to do about that ... 
  if the * stockholders * want 40 % women then the company should do it , but not because the eu says so . 
  the eu really should do more to boost competitiveness and instead it 's doing shit like that . 
  the french i 've met were all incredibly nice and open-minded people ( except one-or-two ) but i think it 's the french who do n't move much outside ( of france ) who are above-average nationalists . 
  i was surprised to find out that if you get a job in a company in france , and let 's say it 's a multinational company where english is used for communication , then * by law * any employee can demand to be addressed in french . 
  seems like a biggoted rule to have which may in theory damage productivity . 
  i kind of think that a nation which has laws like this is pretty nationalistic . 
  on one hand yes it 's bad that you ca n't get a permanent position , on the other hand the fact that it 's very difficult to fire a permanent employee means employers do n't really have much flexibility in times of economic difficulty . 
  the competition in china works for less and they * do * get fired as necessary . 
  so it 's not a fair world but people need to get used to it because i think it will stay this way . 
  i do n't think the next generation will have it better than the current one . 
  on a side-note , the hungarian government made a law a few years ago that unemployed people would only receive social aid if they do some work , for example trim the bushes etc. 
  they are now introducing a similar system for `` cultural workers '' , basically sociologists and similarly highly educated people who ca n't find a job . 
  for example they would work on digitalizing old archives , stuff which was low priority until now because of lack of funds . 
  in return they would get a minimum wage , maybe will learn some new skills and hopefully wo n't feel useless . 
  hamina has a population of 21 thousand , that 's 21,5 thousand euros per capita in investment . 
   today , we have more than 90 people working on site or 5 million per employee  why did google choose hamina ? 
   hamina has the right combination of energy infrastructure , developable land and available workforce for the data center . 
  we had the unique opportunity to salvage an old paper mill in hamina and use the pre-existing infrastructure to build a data center there . 
  well as the article says you have super-innovative countries like estonia which is not interesting because of its small population , and you have large but traditional countries like germany ( which probably relies more on cars and chemicals than it ) . 
  i 've also heard a speech some time ago ( not sure who said it , maybe obama ) that while european scientists and innovators spend their holiday on the beach , their american counterparts are busy with their start-ups . 
  it 's probably a difference in way of life . 
  in serbia you have ~ 10 parties and party-coalitions and they all promiss different things , but after the elections they all do the same thing and government coalitions are formed not by ideology but power sharing . 
  for example , you can have a left-right government as long as everyone gets his favorite ministry . 
  and it 's a left-right government only in name because they do n't do anything leftist or rightist . 
  source : current government, 
  that was the first thing i noticed too, 
   if you believe hungarians in romania are being discriminated against then feel free to point out specific examples . 
  as it stands , hungarians have the right to propagate their culture and language . 
  is n't that the main reason why hungarians in romania ask for autonomy ? 
  i see on facebook people complaining about romanians all the time , someone got called a bozgor , the other one tried to talk to a clerk in hungarian and the clerk did n't want to understand her etc. 
  this is not the statistical bullshit about how everyone has all the rights they need , this is real life . 
  as i said , hungarians in romania complain to their friends and relatives in hungary , they in turn vote for parties who promiss to do something about it . 
   just like onerichbastard , you have a gross misunderstanding of the situation in transylvania . 
  i only know what i 'm being told by people living in transylvania so yes , it 's possible that i do n't understand anything at all . 
  you on the other hand maybe live there but you do n't seem to know much about why the hungarians protest . 
  you only seem to care how the romanians feel . 
   if hungarians want to improve their reputation to romanians outside transylvania they should probably attempt to clarify the autonomy ordeal and what autonomy would mean if it were to be granted . 
  and this is the point where the whole discussion fails . 
  why should the hungarians explain anything to the romanian majority ? 
  what does it matter how the romanians feel ? 
  look at it this way : 1 . 
  hungarians get autonomy =  hungarians feel better about their life =  romanians feel the same as before 2 . 
  hungarians do n't get autonomy =  hungarians feel worse about their life =  romanians feel the same as before you see my point ? 
  this does n't affect the way romanians live their everyday life . 
  the romanians ' fear does n't lead to any improvements , it 's a waste of everyone 's time and leads to negative feelings . 
  if instead they worked in favor of the hungarians then the sum of changes would be positive . 
  the argument that a minority needs to convince the majority is dumb , it never worked and never will . 
  it 's like asking the blacks from the 1950 ` es to sit down and try to convince the southern whites to change . 
  or blacks to talk things through with the apartheid regime in south africa . 
  it 's not how things work . 
  in all cases it was a third party which forced the majority to change , and in the case of romania it will probably be the eu that eventually steps in . 
   would hungarians agree to part of their country declaring its independence ? 
  i would n't give a shit if any part of hungary wanted to separate . 
  if they wanted to live elsewhere it 's their business . 
  as i said , this is the 21st century , them separating will affect my life 0 % . 
  which leads me to the question : ** an independent szeklerland in romania , how would it affect * your * life ** ? 
  keep in mind that we 're in the eu , no borders , free trade etc. 
  are all in effect . 
  lastly , you did n't answer my question from my previous post : do you think the hungarians in romania feel it 's great that moldovans are getting romanian citizenship ? 
   romanians constitute a majority in both romania and moldova . 
  there still are hungarians living in romania and how they feel about an issue * should * matter . 
  but i 've tried this argument before without success and it seems you just `` do n't get '' what i 'm saying . 
  so let 's try this : these are your own words , i 've just replaced a few names : hungarians constitute a majority in both hungary and szeklerland . 
  romanians , on the other hand , do not constitute a majority of transdnistria 's population and considering the historical ethnic tensions between romanians and russians in transdnistria this law is seen as an attempt at internal meddling by romania in moldavia 's internal affairs . 
   i remember numerous times during our discussions when your attitude towards romanians was quite negative . 
  because i disagree with you does n't mean i automatically hate romanians . 
  and in every occasion when i 've attacked romania 's policies towards hungarians i always tried to point out that there already is a solution for example in south tyrol , that romania should learn from other models , and this is when i get attacked and downvoted .
