  i loled at [ this one ] ( http://www.teleprompter.rs/uploads/2/1/1/8/21189940/3034832_orig.jpg ) the most, 
  you 're just mad cause the people do n't like your socialist scum, 
  we 're still children compared to the ancient chinese culture : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4mkuqr2bji, 
  off topic : they 've been talking about this movie in all media for weeks now . 
  from the photos i 've seen and the plot i 've read on wikipedia it seems like a shitty , boring movie , and lars is otherwise known as a misogynist so i 'd rather not watch some woman getting fucked for two hours just because some people say it 's art . 
  the thing that pisses me off is this movie keeps appearing in the media like it 's ooh so controversial and wow so interesting when it 's obviously just a shitty porn with ugly people . 
  who is paying all these people to keep on advertising this movie ? 
  why did n't i hear this much talk when some really good artsy movies came out ? 
  sns = serb progress party ( this was formerly the ultra-nationalist radical party but then there was a split-up and the sns is now pro-european and pro-russian or something ) ds = democratic party ( they are centrist and swing left or right depending on public mood ) sps = socialist party of serbia ( this is the party of milosevic , nowadays they do n't do anything except stay in power , they are not left or right ) urs = united regions of serbia ( formerly g17 + lead by a guy who participated in every government since 2001 , he also made two governments fall , so naturally no one wants them around . 
  by some miracle , they always get 5.00-5 .10 % of the votes , which is above the threshold ) dss = the party of former pm kostunica , they became a paranoid clero-fascist organisation after kosovo declared independence . 
  they 're very anti-eu . 
  pups = party of retired people ( exactly what the name says , they are responsible for retired people not getting their benefits cut no matter how bad the economic situation is ) the current government is made of sns+sps+pups and some tiny parties . 
  the opposition is ds , urs/g17 + and dss , plus some minorities . 
  in the previous government the ruling coalition was ds+sps+urs while the opposition was sns , dss and srs ( and some tiny parties ) . 
  from this you can clearly see that sps is a wildcard and it 's usually they who decide who gets to rule ( which is why they give the prime minister , despite being the smaller party ) . 
  in the new elections sns is most likely trying to win 51 % of the votes in order to rule alone , however one-party rule has never happened since the fall of communism so it 's unlikely . 
  they will probably win 40-45 % and will have to ask some tiny parties for support . 
  the tiny parties are : pups ( retired people ) , dveri ( ultra-nationalists ) , dss ( clerical-nationalists ) and the minority parties ( hungarians , bosniaks , albanians ) . 
  the minority parties will of course not join a government of ultra-nationalists , so it really depends on voter turnout which direction the new government will go . 
  usually nationalist/conservative people are more likely to go out and vote . 
  if sns does n't get enough votes they still have the choice of asking their current partner sps to form a government , and since sps does n't really have a program other than holding on to power , they might accept it . 
  in that case we will return to the status quo . 
  they might offer urs to join , but they already did that before and then kicked them out from the government , so there might be hurt feelings . 
  they may offer ds ( the 2nd largest party ) to join in which case they will have a super-majority , but since ds is currently falling apart it 's not known what will they decide to do . 
  i predict : sns+pups + national minorities = 55 % ds = 17 % sps = 15 % urs = 5 % dss = 5 %, 
  what 's weird is that [ this same thing happened in serbia two years ago ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=sr&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.novosti.rs%2fvesti%2fbeograd.74.html%3a390649-dacic-vratio-japancu-ukradeni-bicikl ) as well ( in the linked article , you can see the minister of police returning the bike after it was found ) . 
  i 'm starting to think this is a japanese conspiracy . 
  banks took too much risk in order to make more money , and eventually this backfired . 
  one example of how they took too much risk was giving housing loans to people who could n't pay those loans back . 
  since there was an atmosphere of panic the banks did n't trust each other and refused to loan money to anyone , which caused the economy to shut down . 
  for example , your company is not keeping your salary money in some safe since that would be wasteful , instead they usually loan it out from a bank when needed . 
  no loan -  no salary . 
  the government stepped in by giving money to the banks in order for them to start loaning again . 
  they also introduced shittone of new regulations to prevent this kind of crisis from happening again ( meaning the next crisis will be of a different sort ) . 
  the new regulations took time for the banks to adapt to , in fact they are still adapting right now , this caused the recession to prolong since adapting to change costs money . 
  however now the economy is in a much better state thanks to these regulations . 
  what happened with the new labour law being ditched and the minister of labour quitting ? 
  i did n't really understand all the details , but i heard as a consequence the imf is now refusing to pay 250 million euros in loan , which is like 17 % of the annual budget . 
  i have a theory that vucic - the deputy pm - calculated that they would lose votes if they introduce the new labour law , which is why they decided on elections now , so that after they win , they can pass the law without suffering the consequences . 
  you forgot they also found that japanese guy 's bicycle . 
  we can send her to st.petersburg in a sealed train car , and then release her to do her work . 
  it worked last time with lenin , 
  so will they respect the wishes of the russian minority which does n't want the eu ? 
  who says the pro-europeans are the good guys ? 
  i do n't understand why the eu should support a group of people just because they claim they are for eu membership . 
  thx, 
  it 's hotter in europe than in saudi arabia ? 
  am i reading this right ? 
  the leftist policies do n't really appeal to me . 
  i 'm not happy with some of the stuff that orban is doing , but looking at it on an individual level , i as a person have more money thanks to the current government , than i would otherwise . 
  ideologically what the left says sounds better : more human rights , more social justice etc. 
  but for example they also want to abolish the flat tax which means at least 100 euros/month less for me . 
  and since i 'm not rich enough to give up on those 100 euros , i wo n't vote for the people that want to abolish it , no matter how much otherwise i agree with them . 
  those who would vote for the left are : poor people and people living in block apartments . . 
  so it 's quite clear that the elections will be decided by money . 
  the rich will vote to keep the freedom they gained , the poor will vote to get back the privileges they lost . 
  but not emotionally stable , huh ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's fun for the people living there , but it 's entertaining for the viewers . 
  what would you rather watch , boring sven svenssen reading the number of snowflakes decreased by 4 % , or ivan ivanovich getting gunned down for complaining about gmo food being grown by the church-mafia ? 
  i read about the countries that interest me . 
  sweden etc. 
  are always boring so i skip those , and uk is always about immigrants and eu so i ignore that as well ... but italy and eastern europe are usually fun . 
  and dark ? 
   ~ ~ orb\u00e1nistan ~ ~ hungary at least you 're not hiding your political affiliation . 
  i would just add that the people in the new leftist coalition are ** the same ** people who were running hungary before the current government , and who were massively defeated in the last elections . 
  the fact that the left could n't reform itself will guarantee their defeat , no matter how much the current government screws up . 
  i just hope i wo n't see the same faces in 2018 . 
  polls predict the current ruling coalition to win 52 % , the leftist coalition 30 % , the far-right jobbik 14 % of the votes . 
  now i crave for some haribos ... 
  what if there is no ethnic majority in a country ? 
  the hugely important colonization of franz-joseph land is missing from that map : /, 
  maybe kony will buy one of 'em passports so i can finally vote for him . 
  they could probably bribe each soldier with $ 1000000 to fight against the invading country . 
  it 's easy being responsible when your citizens are a bunch of dorks . 
  now try ruling afghanistan and be responsible , if you do that you deserve respect . 
  and this is why [ google , facebook , twitter etc. 
  ] ( http://www.businessweek.com/news/2013-12-23/data-are-money-for-google-to-facebook-wanting-nsa-to-back-off ) have asked the nsa to cool a little bit . 
  and if you look at china , the world 's biggest exporter , they only export 4 times as much as saudi arabia while their population is 44 times greater . 
  that 's a cool website . 
  it 's amazing to me that [ saudi arabia ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/explore/tree_map/export/sau/all/show/2010/ ) exports more than the uk and almost as much as france , while it has a much lower population . 
  those people are basically swimming in money !, 
  hungarian history is about hungary the state , not so much the people that populated it . 
  the hungarians migrated and settled in the carpathian basin . 
  then the country converted to christianity and some wars were fought , there were some great kings and writers etc. 
  then came industrialization and then ww1 which ended up badly , and then after ww2 the soviet occupation and then that ended too . 
  there 's little mention of how people lived in any given time or how the culture developed . 
  hungary once covered the whole carpathian basin and if you take it as an entity then it had an incredibly rich and diverse culture , food , dance , clothing , languages , religions etc. 
  in the city where i was born , for example , there are 5 official languages and at least 5 different religions with their own churches , and while this is not uncommon today , this is how it was 200 years ago too when it was uncommon . 
  there 's no explanation ( in the textbooks ) of how these peoples and religions came here , they just exist . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  well i guess this map is accurate but in my personal experience , serbia is more expensive than hungary . 
  or perhaps south serbia compensates for the expensive north ... ? 
  i do n't understand why you think * your * values are superior to the , as you say , anti-individualist conservative views which the government might prefer instead . 
  what if i and the majority want our kids to learn those values because we 're tired of the self-hating money-driven crap that you grew up on ? 
  you are always free to raise your child in whatever fuckedup way you like , in a private school . 
  if you want me and other taxpayers to pay for your kid 's education then you will accept those textbooks - and you are free to voice your discontent at the ballot box . 
  was it really so difficult to write the news without including your stupid comments ? 
  you also could 've included that the `` horrible '' textbook plan is mainly about textbooks being free for all . 
  what is the reason why is alcohol so expensive ? 
  yeah that makes sense , i did n't say that they drink it all the time , just that they do ,
