  we need a final solution for the dolphins and whales . 
  wow a * billing deparment * at a hospital ? 
  i did n't think these existed , i have n't seen them in american hospital series either . 
  why ca n't you just pay the doctor in person ? 
  if they are in danger , they need to go to a place where they are n't . 
  why is n't france good enough for them ? 
  they could apply asylum but as the article clearly makes it so , they do n't want to , they want to live in the uk . 
  if i was running for my life , i would go wherever i could . 
  there are lots of places between syria and london , or eritrea and london , where jobs are available and they could * live safely * . 
   among them was hosam latif , a 29-year-old syrian business student from the decimated city of aleppo . 
   smartly dressed and speaking impeccable english , he opened his mobile phone and showed pictures he had taken of decapitated corpses , broken bodies and pulverised homes in his hometown . 
  if he 's so great , why did n't he get a job in istanbul ? 
  the standard of living there is almost western european . 
  no , instead he choses to live in the gutter . 
  funny , but ... downvoted for stereotypically mentioning the useless australians while leaving out others that contributed more . 
  oops, 
   a home office spokeswoman said tonight : `` the conditions of any camps in france and the policing of them is the responsibility of the french authorities . 
  if individuals have a genuine need of protection they should claim asylum in the first safe country they reach . '' and that 's the whole essence of it . 
  these people do not want to go to britain because they are in danger , they go there because their friends and cousins tell them what a great life they have and that he should come too . 
  they do n't have any real skills so the only path they can take is the illegal one . 
  real refugees stay in tents in turkey , or move out of there only if they really have to . 
  i think of it as italian . 
  i think this is one of those things where the french are on their own , just like pronouncing the eiffel tower as la tour * efel * and not * aifel * , which is how the rest of the world pronounces it . 
  whoa that girl has evil eyes !, 
  i * think * i remember seeing that painting when i was very young . 
  i specifically remember the dense forest so it could be something else ... [ this ] ( http://tphv.ru/kuinje/reka.jpg ) is just amazing for me ... 
  out of those i recognize rejtan 's the fall of poland , so i would say that one is the most known painting internationally , 
  hmm wikipedia does n't have gdp data for the departments of congo : / someone should write a map generator software , it would probably be easy once you get all the data ... 
  here 's * hungary 's * list of regions ( ppp ) compared to countries : http://i.minus.com/i6u5ppzx0cq75.png, 
   it remains to be seen if his advice is taken . 
  it already is in several countries, 
  i have a crazy solution for your theory : let 's send the people of lunix ix to live next to you , and you systematically * include * them . 
  show us barbarians how things are supposed to be done !, 
  serbia was just a bad neighbor , they wanted core austro-hungarian territories and supported separatists financially and otherwise . 
  it 's like if today 's mexico was supporting the mexican immigrants in the us , telling them to secede to create a great mexico , giving weapons , training and intelligence to people wanting to assassinate obama etc. 
  of course austria-hungary was preparing for war ... 
  wikipedia says the doctors are 77 % paid by the state . 
   according to the world health organization , germany 's health care system was 77 % government-funded and 23 % privately funded as of 2004 . 
  i guess what you meant was this :  provider compensation rates are negotiated in complex corporatist social bargaining among specified autonomously organized interest groups ( e.g. 
  physicians ' associations ) at the level of federal states ( l\u00e4nder ) . 
  so even if the salaries are negotiated in some specific manner , the source of financing is still the same as in all states . 
  which means if we take that 77 % and turn it into money , proportionately all eu countries could get the same amount of money and then divide it among the healthcare staff in whichever way they may like . 
  that does n't matter , the crucial point of the problem is doctors are leaving due to low salary , and not because they are dissatisfied with `` the system '' . 
  doctors salaries can be evened out in all of the eu . 
  the private doctors in eastern europe are already earning a good salary , the problem is most are working in state clinics and hospitals and the state simply ca n't pay them more . 
  we should establish a common eu budget for these essential personnel , so they would only move to the west if they really want to , not because they have n't got any other choice . 
  they be stealin ' our jobs and moochin ' on our social services !!, 
  why did they kill the giraffe in front of children ? 
   the old woman recovered her talking due to the incident . 
  whoa that 's impressive !, 
  the gypsies should be thanked in this case   a villa in prague , listed as protected monument , was destroyed . 
  well it did n't look impressive in the first place , to be honest . 
  i think in every apartment where you can control the heating , it is fixed that if you close off your radiator , the water will continue flowing to the apartments above and below you . 
  you were doing a nice summation and had to ruin it all with that last kim lane scheppele article . 
  her biased articles have been debunked even on a liberal forum like / r/europe , it 's amazing she 's still given column space in any respectable newspaper . 
  or [ a serbian film ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a_serbian_film )  ) at least according to its director , the movie is a symbolic reference about the average serb getting fucked by the establishment . 
  it was a polish fief in the 16th century, 
  i did n't hear cameron complain about eastern european doctors coming to the uk, 
  just keep telling that to yourself :p, 
  are n't you guys paying money so that you could always automatically qualify ? 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=530-r4ngxa4 it can be the best thing ever or a horrible experience based on what you 're used to . 
  the pig is killed usually with a small bullet to the head , its blood is collected , the skin is burnt and then you chop the pig apart . 
  most of the stuff is put into the freezer or sausages , but you also have a great dinner where you can eat the tastiest meat ever since it 's so fresh . 
  lots of alcohol is consumed etc. 
  the presidential palace now looks worse than after the bombing, 
  yeah well you probably did n't notice san marino was missing too , hypocrite ? 
  and this is why the socialists will suffer a great defeat this time too . 
  they are too high up in the clouds to realize that the people hate them personally , and not their party in general . 
  your aggressive attitude is also rather weird for a modern swiss woman , which is why i think you 're a teenager . 
  most people do n't have the money to travel the world , and everyone should have the right to gain experience outside his village ( so to say ) . 
  i agree that making it elective would be a good idea , but then perhaps make it so that if you choose to travel the world , then you have to prove you 've been doing that ( and gathering experience ) , perhaps with photos and tickets etc. 
  also , i 've met plenty of 19-20 year olds in laos and thailand who only go there to get drunk , drugged and destroy local culture/environment . 
  i would prefer these people to go to the army where they would learn something . 
  more mature people ( 23 + ) should have the option of choosing world travel over conscription . 
   ultimately costing me a year 's wages life is not about money , when you grow older you will have something to remember other than sitting in the office and sucking up to your boss . 
  i saw the mszp poster first ( maybe 2 months ago ) and thought the message is unproductive since my answer to the question is yes ( the poster says `` they are already living better , how about you ? '' ) . 
  then about 1 month ago i saw a poster with bokros lajos ( `` you had enough but you 're not a leftist ? 
  yes it 's possible ! '', 
  - feels like a teleshop commercial ) . 
  and then this fidesz poster showed up perhaps 2 weeks ago , i remember there was [ an article ] ( http://www.origo.hu/itthon/20140120-titok-hogy-ki-a-bohoc-gyurcsany-ferenc-mellett-a-cof-plakatjain.html ) about it where they asked gyurcsany who the clown is , and he said it 's orban . 
   and this guy fell unconcious during the ceremony . 
  i like how no one is helping him , that 's good teamwork , 
   newly appointed minister of interior is against making it legally easier for people to defend themselves with a gun when attacked . 
  they have this in hungary since last year and we already had a guy who killed a burglar set free by the court . 
  i think it 's a good thing since these old laws were basically made for a socialist dictatorship when no one had weapons , so usually if you killed someone it was n't because he was a burglar . 
   this level of anti-campaigning was unprecedented before and the idea likely originate from the us consultants and analysts from the republican party no i do n't think so . 
  the socialists were using hate campaign months before this poster came out , for example this : http://brandtrend.hu/media/2014/01/ok-mar-jobban-elnek-588x291.jpg ^ ( ( i think even people not speaking hungarian will recognize the word `` maffia '' there ) ^ ), 
  i think that 's not accurate , arabic countries use , for the decimal sign , just like most europeans . 
  they could n't use the english system even if they wanted to , since the symbol . 
  is read like the number 0 , so writing 5.55 would be read as 5055 . 
  like i said , the armies in these countries is like camping . 
  fishing is another activity which is mostly exclusive to men . 
  it 's a male-bonding thing , it works because there are no women . 
  you meet new friends and your ties to your country strengthens by looking forward to meeting your friends in the future . 
  you ca n't really do these things with women around , i mean it would feel like you actually need to be serious about the whole army issue and the whole thing would suck . 
  not really sure why you 're so upset about it . 
  are you a woman who wants to join the army but ca n't ? 
  the brits entered the war in the first place accusing the germans of doing this sort of thing to the belgians . 
  yeah but going to the army in these countries is like going out camping with your friends . 
  if these armies were anything [ like the eastern european armies were/are ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=i7ofzygm2sc&amp;t=100 ) then it would be a different matter , and i would agree they need to be abolished .
