  and since turkey has been causing so much trouble lately greece should ** actively ** try and find other trade partners just in case things blow up . 
  i lived in both ljubljana and budapest and budapest definitely beats ljubljana many times . 
  it 's not even a fair comparison , ljubljana is a village where everyone knows everyone , while budapest is a megapolis where you can find everything , culture , sexual freedom , jobs , poverty , democracy , dictatorship etc. 
  i 've been to both and hated milan , while rome was amazing . 
  the romans are much better human beings than the milanese , it does n't matter who has better transportation . 
   we are not going to lower to this level . 
  perfect response . 
  when the eu placed sanctions on russia countries like poland and hungary lost a huge export market . 
  what happened after ? 
  the trade shifted elsewhere and things are now back to normal . 
  the same can be expected for greece . 
  they need to help themselves by persuading people to vote against erdogan . 
  if they only wait for outside help , nothing will come . 
  you probably were n't even there , you were too drunk to realize you were in some other country . 
   um the west has so what ? 
  has anyone forced you to vote for erdogan 15 years in a row ? 
  it 's your own fault you put a dictator to rule over you and you will suffer the consequences of it . 
  you can blame everyone else as long as you like , it wo n't change the fact you yourself ( turkish citizens ) have voted for him . 
  maybe when turkish voters are mature enough to not blame outsiders for their misfortunes but take responsibility for their own actions , then they will be able to have a pluralist democracy . 
  until then , enjoy putin & company 's cock . 
  come back in june when it 's windy and 10\u00bac, 
  i think in scientific terms when i say balkan . 
  fascinating fairytale . 
  where can i subscribe to more stories like this ? 
  how is that upsetting ? 
  hitler wanted a unified german state , of course the germans at the time supported it , it was the ideology of the time + they lived in a country which oppressed them and was significantly poorer than the one they lived in 15 years before that . 
  juncker is an example of why some people hate the eu, 
  it 's a good thing those hungarian kings invited the saxons to settle in romania , right ? 
  would you consider great britain an example of democracy then ? 
  because its legislative body was elected by 3 % of the population in 1865 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_1865, 
  slovenian genders are easy though , everything that ends with an a is feminine , o is neutral and the rest is masculine . 
  the cases then build on this patterns . 
  compare that to german , danish or french genders where there 's no logic whatsoever . 
  the citizens asked for a referendum and the government said no . 
  we do n't know whether the people wanted the olympics or not , only that the ruling party was so afraid of a potential loss that it threw out the bid and the already spent millions of euros after one afternoon of discussion . 
  someone post that chart again showing how much better sweden is than the us !, 
  chocolate bag, 
  while this is branded together with `` sports news '' , the event is significant as this is the first time a referendum might actually take place against the wishes of the orban government . 
  oh that line again about the evil west ... 
  in 1945 iran was occupied by the soviet union and the only reason they left is because truman threatened to nuke them . 
  it would be interesting to see who the iranians would try to scapegoat today for their own stupidity if they remained under soviet rule like eastern europe did . 
  there is no religious custom which tells you ca n't shake the hand of another person who 's of a different gender . 
  juncker should go back to governing his village in luxemburg and leave important decisions to people that are n't complete morons . 
  elsa\u00df looks like a typical german place ... 
  wtf there 's nothing there , just sand !, 
  shows how easily the germans are influenced by leftist propaganda . 
  i 'm on mobile phone now but read this article under casualties https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/euromaidan explains clearly the bullets ised did not belong to the police . 
  links also there to news articles etc, 
  it was proven since that the police did n't use live amunition , someone from the crowd did . 
  so it 's normal to just overthrow him , instead of waiting for the next round of elections ? 
  yeah those people that overthrow the democratically elected government were so peaceful, 
   that obviously does expose her to our culture much less or not at all . 
  it exposes her to our culture , that 's the point . 
  if she is never able to leave her house , maybe she will wonder why not . 
  currently , she is able to leave the house from time to time with a burqa , which is maybe comfortable enough that she does n't need more freedom . 
  if she completely loses all freedom , maybe she will start wondering if her fanatical variety of islam is worth following . 
  you 're talking about a different issue i think . 
  let 's make this simple . 
  woman a only wants to go outside if she can wear a full-face veil 2 . 
  law says she can not wear a full-face veil in public 3 . 
  she has to renew her id card or else face a fine 4 . 
  how is in this case she losing her autonomy and contact to our country ? 
   if i want to that 's the point : you want to . 
  if these women are being held captive against their will , then they will want to go out sooner or later , in which case their captor will have to do something to prevent them . 
  in a free society , that is difficult to do . 
  not surprising , regions with high-tech industry have a higher percentage . 
  it does n't necessarily mean any educational system is better . 
  for example , a lot of university graduates from eastern europe would go to lyon to work for biotech firms . 
   personally i consider causing a situation where women who are subject to this level of coercion face even worse conditions to be deeply immoral . 
  i disagree . 
  i think this is the same like when you have a battered wife , and instead of society enforcing a law that puts his violent husband into prison , we turn a blind eye and give tax benefits to large shaded sunglasses . 
  when the neighbors complain about all the screaming , we say it 's none of our business . 
  seriously , we should n't tolerate oppression just because someone says it 's religion . 
  luckily his party and his way of thinking is in the minority and losing ground every day . 
  never trust a commie ... 
  assuming they are not illegal immigrants , the only thing that holds these women captive is their own belief system . 
  they had decades to learn what free society is . 
  they should not be compared to people who actually are being imprisoned against their own will . 
  in an open society you ca n't just lock away people . 
  they still need to go outside to perform at least basic things like renew their id card every decade or so . 
  if they ca n't do it , someone will go and search for them , and if it turns out they 've been locked away in a room for a decade against their will ... 
  i spent most of my childhood summers there . 
  the sewer was flowing straight into the sea and you had shit floating right next to the beach . 
  everyone caught some disease at least once during the week we spent there each year . 
  maybe it 's better now . 
  i have n't been there for over a decade, 
  well yeah , in the bigger cities you can find suburban family houses with chimneys . 
  communist apartment blocks use gas for heating so they 're not polluting , but you can even have wealthy residential areas with villas that use wood for their fireplace , and those would pollute a lot . 
  not to mention to poorer places where there 's no alternative . 
  they 're using wood and coal for heating . 
  what i do n't understand is how come the east of hungary is the dirtiest part of the country , while romania across the border is so clean . 
  you know statistics , if you put your left hand into boiling water and your right into ice-cold water , then you are enjoying lukewarm temperature . 
  serbia does n't have isis mass-murdering its people , suicide bombers blowing up markets and women getting stoned to death for being raped . 
  iraq has lots of oil which may transfer to high gdp/capita , but that gdp is n't distributed equally . 
  iraq has a much worse gini index than serbia . 
  the invasion has begun !, 
  awesome !, 
  no wonder the mongols never tried to invade switzerland . 
  i guess playing football in that one sucked ... or they had to be really careful . 
  in finland they trade with squirrel skins !,
