  the kla shot at a police cordon , the police massacred an albanian village . 
  the dead albanians were transported in freeze trucks and dumped into the danube . 
  so there 's really no shame in recognizing the independence of kosovo . 
  there 's some hipocracy in not recognizing abkhazia and south ossetia , i agree . 
  yeah , it 's probably a better idea to return it to serbia to massacre those filthy albanians eh ? 
  my roommate was a construction worker who lost his job when the crisis started , but then i got married and moved in with my wife so i guess the move would 've happened anyway . 
  in december 2008 i had a scheme to move to london and all i had to do was to get another 1500 euros somehow . 
  i went to the bank and got refused for credit , since this was the moment when all hell got lose on the market . 
  as a consequence i never moved to britain , but i do n't really feel sad about it since i have a good life here as well . 
  yeah but a serb kid won 1st place :p, 
  short answer : no . 
  hungarians are skeptical and pessimistic , but not because they have a hard or tough life . 
  try visiting some countries outside of europe to see what hard life is . 
  people living in tough regions are some of the friendliest and most positive people on earth . 
  cool , all of europe is becoming poorer but eastern hungary seems to be booming, 
  mohamed is . 
  just curious , are you a hooker ? 
  oops :( ( we 've spent 10 % of our entire budget on one dinner at one of those restaurants ), 
  yeah but these guys are anti-semitic , they hate jews for being jews . 
  hungary as usual bowing in to the majority . 
  i 'm not saying this is bad in this case , but i remember a few months ago that 99 % of hungarian meps voted in favor of some pre-acta bill . 
  i emailed all of them asking them to change their vote , and only one replied . 
  and now suddenly they changed their mind somehow ... 
  the canadian girl i mentioned does n't speak hungarian , only english . 
  i 'm in se asia now and met lots of people that work as english teachers and only one of them learned some vietnamese , the rest did n't even know how to say hello . 
  you can get a job as an english teacher in a non-english country . 
  my wife was looking at teacher job ads yesterday and was frustrated that 60 % of all ads were for english teachers in kindergarten/school/high school . 
  also , i know a canadian girl ( ~ 25 years ) who worked in a kindergarten in budapest last year and she had a pretty good salary . 
   rent is 300 euros , bills 100 euros , food another 200 euros per month . 
  that 's what they cost . 
  you are only making 500 that sounds like typical prices in eastern europe . 
  i wonder how are people surviving there ( hint : you get a roommate or your wife gets a job ) . 
  i have sand in my pockets . 
  enjoying the beach , biches !, 
  i used to download stuff from minitel 's ftp, 
  * looks at [ one of the webcams ] ( http://cph.dk/cph/uk/main/virtual+airport/web+cameras/web+camera+3.htm ) in denmark * wow watch out not to get a sunburn !, 
  i 'd rather work longer hours than live without sunshine for half a year . 
  i 've met a vlach at that part of the map where it says `` golubac '' , but the guy said he was romanian . 
  this is a funny guy , his speeches always cheer me up , 
  but then turkey is not a uniform country and western cities like izmir are more atheist and progressive that some cities in western europe . 
  the balkan countries share more with this western turkey than the eastern part . 
  yeah but you stole the flowers from turkey . 
  the east-west divide as you imagine it was caused by the iron curtain and communism after ww2 . 
  with all the hot girls moving to the west i do n't think there will be a problem with this no-sex-before-marriage idea . 
   wishing a real and named person to suffer an acid attack you 're too serious , denmark , what happenned to you ? 
  you used to be cool :p, 
  let 's be realistic , you needed the cheap labour of eastern europe so that they could clean your toilets while you play mr.manager . 
  you already had experience with the wonders of importing people from africa and asia with a completely different culture , and now you wanted something `` near-shore '' . 
  you probably would n't laugh at that joke about the kid putting his arm in a bucket of acid , huh ? 
  i think it 's a political culture thing . 
  ever since the dutch failed to stop the massacre at srebrenice , and their government had fallen because of it , their politicians fear that dealing with balkan countries may be politically disastrous . 
  the netherlands was the country which opposed abolishing visa requirements for serbia , while all other countries were for it ; and there are many cases where they were openly hostile . 
  in the case of croatia , i remember a few years back when the dutch pm said that the croats can not get into the eu fast , they need to wait in line just like everybody else . 
  then a few months later iceland went bankrupt and the dutch pm said that iceland can join the eu when it wants . 
  a clear case of double standards . 
  i do n't know how the dutch * people * feel about the balkans , but it 's apparent that for politicians , it pays off to be hostile towards balkan countries . 
  the beer has n't defeated her , next time try acid , 
  oh my heart breaks apart hearing how they can not rise up against some evil religious nutjobs , i wonder how did our ancestors succeed to overthrow fanatical catholicism 500 years ago ? 
  they could remain where they are , try to build a better country , and in the meantime try to be better than their parents and not produce any children unless they can guarantee them a quality life . 
  no , their parents should not have given them birth . 
  or maybe their parents should 've thought first before giving birth to them in a hellhole . 
  there 's this thing called contraception , and if that fails , abortion , just for these sort of things . 
  well i thought it was funny , do n't know why is everyone being oversensitive . 
  this map is clearly the same as the [ europe according to stereotypes ] ( http://alphadesigner.com/mapping-stereotypes/ ) maps . 
  i do n't understand why is there such a complication over the matter of illegal immigrants , why do n't they just make a rule `` no illegal immigrants '' and be done with it ? 
  people walk all the way from afghanistan just so they could apply for asylum in sweden . 
  if their lives are endangered ( and i believe they are ) then they might as well apply for asylum in uzbeghistan or egypt , but no , that 's not good enough for them , they want swedish asylum . 
  there 's a ridiculous situation at the hungarian-serbian border . 
  some afghan refugees have walked from afghanistan , entered serbia , and are about to cross the border . 
  however this is not so easy to do , so many are camping on the border , bathing in the local fountains , attacking people over cigarettes etc. 
  they can not be moved to asylum centers because they did not ask for asylum ( serbia is not good enough for them ) , and they also can not be deported because it would endanger their lives . 
  so they live in this limbo and the serbian state needs to occasionally move them to shelters when the temperature goes below 0 . 
  if there was one clear rule : `` no asylum for people living more than 1000km '' away , then we would stop getting these boatloads of somalians since they would know that they would not get asylum under any condition . 
  tl dr i think what the italian border patrol did was right . 
   kinda sad that white people have to die for anyone to give a shit when did the syrians stop being white people ? 
  that 's the north . 
  i do n't live in the north . 
  it 's not just \u0160tokavian , there are other ways to differentiate south slavic . 
  croats , bosnians and montenegrins use more `` je , ije '' in words , while serbs and bulgarians use the same words with `` e '' . 
  also , serbs south of the danube , bulgarians , macedonians like to divide sentences into many small words '' \u017eelim da idem da radim '' while croatian serbs , croats and slovenes use less words '' \u017eelim i\u0107i raditi '' if you take \u0160tokavski then you will take the middle south slavic languages as one . 
  if you take ekavski/jekavski , then the divide is on the drina river . 
  and the third divide is more north-south . 
  yes but europe is just a peninsula of asia , it 's 100 % asian . 
  you see that part of serbia where it says `` slovak '' ? 
  that is the area where 9000 slovaks live , and 30000 hungarians . 
  nice to know that there are no hungarians where i come from , i 'm probably imaginary . 
  i like [ this one ] ( http://www.designdenhaag.eu/en/sites/designdenhaag.eu/files/imagecache/690w/vlag/762.png ) , although i guess it could n't be accepted by germany because of the swastika in the lower right corner . 
  also , [ this one ] ( http://www.designdenhaag.eu/en/sites/designdenhaag.eu/files/imagecache/690w/vlag/848.png ) is pure retardation , croatia is not on the map but montenegro and kosovo ( which is n't even recognized by all eu members ) are ? 
  we have the most nobel prize winners per capita , and thanks to our shrinking population , this ratio will only be better over time !, 
  - * picture of houses on fire * - bosnia ? 
  ... greece !, 
  where can i find the 2011 deficit data for the other countries of the eu ? 
  since hungary is so bad , i 'm wondering how good are the other countries ? 
  the council of europe cares more about the pedophiles than the raped children . 
  today i did not learn anything new . 
  yes but ww2 !, 
  that 's a pretty cool camera , were you shooting in hdr mode or something ? 
  slovenia , ljubljana , it 's around 1,5-2 euros , it can be cheaper in the rest of the country . 
  you can buy lunch for 4 euros ( no soup , but salad is included ) if you buy it during lunch hours . 
   i find this really interesting - do you have the source ?
