  in either case people died . 
  the government of the invading nation does n't make the crimes any less severe . 
  and btw . 
  i 'm not going to answer to your sad attempts at trolling with recent events in hungary , so you might as well just skip that part in your future replies . 
  hungary changed its constitution last year , it 's still in the eu . 
   hundreds of thousand of mostly poor and uneducated russians where brought in to `` russify '' the country, 
  i 'm certain that the roman inhabitants welcomed the saxon hordes with open arms and signed an agreement to be slaughtered by your friendly ancestors . 
  just like how the scotts and irish willfully came under english rule and then `` forgot '' their native language , probably due to all the happinness . 
  this was done by the russians living in lithuania today ? 
  if not , then you have no right to punish them !, 
  how did the brits get where they are today ? 
  and how are the russians born after ww2 guilty for having been brought in by the government ? 
  should they all just die because of the sins of their ancestors ? 
  that 's very funny how you support soviet ideas like collective guilt . 
  you would 've been an excellent cadre at the soviet communist party . 
  that 's not an explanation at all !, 
  russians are people of equal worth as catalonians , a russian should have just as many rights as a catalonian . 
  if you as a catalonian have the right to speak and work in your own language , then so does a russian . 
  the historical circumstances you 've mentioned only prove that you 've had smarter leaders in history , while the russian leaders in 1990 did n't care about the russian minority in latvia and did n't force the latvian government to protect the russian people which it inherited . 
  now when it 's too late for the russians to do anything the latvians are showing their teeth and playing out their frustrations on the weaker part of their country 's population . 
  at the same time the eu is showing its typical hipocracy at not doing anything about this . 
  just because these people are not protected by contract does n't mean they do n't feel the pain of opression . 
  come back when you are told you must learn castillian before you can get citizenship . 
  i do n't think so . 
  explain how is the catalon minority more entitled to minority rights than the russians ? 
   78 percent of voters rejected the idea . 
   ethnic russians make up one-third of latvia 's 2 million people . 
  it looks like even the russians voted against it . 
  you can buy it in the netherlands and then drive it home ( you 'd probably need 10 days to do it though ) . 
  the problem is i do n't know where would you recharge it , because gas pumps do n't have electrical chargers ( or at least i have n't seen them ) . 
  for electric cars driving within city limits i think it 's worth waiting for the chebela ( slovenian : bee ) to come out : http://www.avtomanija.com/default.asp?rb=3&amp;id=6069 it can go for only 80 km but is planned to be very cheap , unlike this nissan . 
  i think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship , 
  the problem is , for all other words i was actually thinking what the meaning could be , only for `` ja '' i took a wild guess because usually short words mean and/or . 
  interesting how both finnish and estonian words remind me of fruits  korttelikapakan for instance looks very similar to k\u00f6rtep\u00e1linka ( plum brandy ) . 
  that looks easy , let 's see !, 
  troll was digging for raspberry in the pear garden at home on the bath tub , to collapse cheerful , brightly and then waking up thirsty . 
  kortte = pear kapakan = to dig mainos = troll valot = was , existence in past tense maalaavat = ( for ) raspberry aution = at home kadun = on the bath tub lumikinokset = collapse sinisen = cheerful , colorful punaisen = brightly , sunny ja = and/or ? 
  keltaisen = waking up savyin = thirsty, 
  hmmm let 's see ... one plum brandy to drink , ten plum ... pindu wtf ??? ... 
  money is needed ? 
  edit : just checked with google translate and it 's totally different . 
  damn i was hoping that at least k\u00fcll will be the same as k\u00f6ll in hungarian but it 's totally different . 
  whoa that 's amazing , i took a random sentence and there actually * is * a common word !, 
  hey we 're supposed to be related languages so you can probably understand this without any effort : mit s\u00fctsz kis sz\u0171cs , s\u00f3s h\u00fast s\u00fctsz kis sz\u0171cs ? 
  what about austrian , how different is it from german ? 
  i 'm guessing austrian also has many different subdialects , but let 's say the viennese german , is it different from hochdeutsch ? 
  stanica ? 
  is n't it the same word in czech ? 
  can i buy this nissan leaf ? 
  edit : oh i see , it costs $ 30000 in the us and $ 30000 in the eu . 
  no , i will not buy this car . 
  maybe if it could go more than 100km . 
  did you also like the moans of thai ladyboys ? 
  they have the \u015b and the other languages do n't , 
  no it was n't a bad hybrid , it was a pretty awesome language . 
  it does n't exist anymore . 
  i translated `` acta '' to hungarian and then it sounds nothing like acta : `` hamis\u00edt\u00e1s elleni kereskedelmi meg\u00e1llapod\u00e1s '', 
  well i just happen to remember a show on euronews some 10 years ago , where they explained the history of the eu in detail , and they said the 12 stars represent the 12 member states . 
  the number of member states was 12 until 1995 ( [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/member_state_of_the_european_union ) ) , and after then they switched the meaning of the flag from the 12 members to `` unity and solidarity '' because it was cheaper than having to update the flag . 
  i 'm certain that if i dig a little deeper i could find hard evidence ( the text of the 1985 resolution where they decided upon the flag and which probably contains what it meant back then `` surprisingly '' can not be found anymore ) . 
  i speak serbian . 
  it 's possible to understand polish if you write it down , but speaking , it 's more difficult ( example : razume\u0161 me ? ), 
  i think czech ( and slovak even more ) is closer to south slavic than polish . 
  in czechia i also did n't need to speak english so much , but in poland yes . 
  i still do n't get it why the flag does n't have as many stars as there are members . 
  it 's snowing in the pacific ??? 
  hehehe i remember you now , you 're the guy that claimed average serbs use all the cases of the language ( [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/ondp3/a_very_useful_chart_on_how_difficult_is_for_an/c3iuwv5 ) ) . 
  no offense but i really think you 're hanging out with the higher-educated , liberal segment of society , which probably does think `` fuck kosovo '' . 
  the majority of the society though hates that kind of ldp-thinking . 
  also , the question `` would you sacrifice everything for kosovo '' is just stupid , of course most people would n't sacrifice everything , but they would sacrifice something , like those $ 6 billion you 've mentioned . 
  i 'm guessing the romanian hungarian party is just as shitty as the serbian hungarian party , which supported the milosevic government . 
  i never knew how low some people can go before i met a few of their members . 
  you know , maybe the romanian romanian parties should fix the situation on their own , without pressure from the minorities . 
  romania has a bit more serious violations of minority rights than not writing someone 's name correctly . 
  they should just move all our mails to spam , why bother with selection ? 
  why not make a compromise with the diacritics ? 
  print \u0119 as e because your keyboard does n't support it , but do print w because c'mon , it 's an international letter ... for example , in serbia , the names of minority hungarians are officially written without accent marks , but it 's not a problem to have an y in your name ( which does n't exist in serbian ) . 
  that 's just your opinion , the majority of the 7 million still thinks that the kosovo serbs have been betrayed by tadic ( see election results predictions ) . 
  i 'm all for that , i think we were heading that way until companies discovered globalization and outsourcing labour , so now automatization has halted for a while . 
  but even if robots do more and more work instead of people , the answer is not to fire people , but reduce the work hours . 
  maybe if everyone worked 6 hours then there would be enough jobs . 
  i do n't think it 's fair that someone has to work and someone does n't have to , it means the one who works gets his labour stolen by the state and given to someone who does n't work . 
  well i do n't think that 's good , where 's the incentive to work when you do n't have to ? 
  if a guy can not get a job beyond 6 month projects then maybe the problem is n't in society . 
  in the past 6 years i 've changed 3 jobs , in my first job i also got bullshitted with those limited contracts where the director expects you to come and beg for an extension . 
  i put up with it for over a year , but i also did projects in my free time , i studied and made new connections , and after some time i found a better job where i could get employed permanently . 
  there 's * no way * that you can not move out of your parents ' house before 30 , if you really want to !, 
  it says gays without family commitments are more educated and make more money , which also holds for heterosexual people without families . 
  if a gay couple adopts a child then one of them will have to stay home and will become less productive - just like a ( usually female ) partner in a heterosexual relationship would . 
  meaning : gay does n't make you smarter or more productive , lack of children does . 
  and lack of children backfires at a later age when you need someone to support you , meaning gay people will sponge more money out of social security than people who have children to change their diper for free . 
  this is really great !, 
  i hope hungary gets accepted into esa so i can apply for a job there !, 
  i want to fly to the moon !, 
   have loads of disposable income because they generally do n't have kids , thereby boosting the economy this is why countries all over are raising the retirement age , because of people that do n't have kids , and their `` boosting '' of the economy . 
   generally have more education than the average person [ citation needed ], 
  i do n't think that map is true . 
  they never tested me so how can they know which haplogroup i belong to !, 
   culturally , most important would be the language i do n't think so , you can speak chinese but it wo n't make you a chinaman . 
  to quote wikipedia , culture is : `` the set of shared attitudes , values , goals , and practices that characterizes an institution , organization , or group '' .
