  google translation : https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fpolice.hu%2fhirek-es-informaciok%2flegfrissebb-hireink%2fkozrendvedelem%2fkozlemeny-14&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url, 
  let me rework your sentence a bit ... 
  it is many other countries ( hungary , slovakia , czech republic , poland , lithuania , latvia , denmark , uk , ... ) that is against the system . 
  basically only western europe + spain and sweden have expressed their support of the system . 
  germany also said countries that do n't agree might lose eu funds . 
  that sounds like a threat , not a request . 
  shit hit the fan not weeks but days later . 
  she made her statement on saturday i think , on monday a full train arrived in munich . 
  on tuesday hungary blocked the train station ( probably after receiving complaint from germany ) and that 's when the international press took notice . 
  she will revenge her sister by taking down the great satan !, 
  they probably dress in evening suits and listen to opera on austrian trains ? 
  i asked because of this sentence :  the drivers have been told not to stop until the refugees are at the border with croatia it sounds like drivers get a directive from someone above who is controlling the flow of migrants . 
  who is paying for those buses ? 
  hatred of common enemy brings people together , 
  yeah every country has that , it does n't matter . 
  and yesterday was over 9000 ( not trying to be funny ), 
  the processing gate looks like this : http://static.origos.hu/s/img/i/1509/2015091543.jpg?w=644&amp;h=429, 
  the railroad goes through farmland , no one lives there : https://www.google.hu/maps/@46.1736888,19.9991523,1277m/data=!3m1!1e3 i know belgium is a rich country , but do you put trash bins next to railroads where people are n't actually supposed to walk ? 
  it 's not a good place to live in , but yeah , it 's safe . 
  your life is not in danger . 
  schengen is a treaty about traveling without border checks , it 's not a treaty about immigrants . 
  immigration is handled on the eu level , not schengen/eurozone/etc . 
  level . 
  except they do not seek asylum in hungary ... 
  i do n't remember bulgaria bringing any civilization to kongo ... 
   grant their applications syrian refugees were already granted asylum in turkey , lebanon and jordan ... pakistani and eritrean migrants do n't need asylum because their country is already safe . 
  they have no basis for application which is why they throw away their passports and pretend they 're syrian . 
  except they do n't speak arabic ... 
   and what do you do with the ones you do n't `` take '' ? 
   you have to host every single asylum seeker . 
  asylum seekers are people that apply for asylum , which these people do not do . 
  hence they will get immediately rejected at the gates and turned back to serbia . 
  just as they would do if you showed up as a legal tourist with an iranian passport and you wanted to enter the eu . 
  sorry , turn back . 
  if a migrant genuinely applies for asylum , it means he will need to stay in hungary , which is not what they want . 
  but even if they do that , they will get processed in a few hours and deported back to serbia , which is a safe country . 
  in any case , the numbers will be far less than now , so transportation and paperwork will be managable . 
   also it is quite laughable when a country like slovakia says it cant take in 1250 refugees when my own city is taking almost 50 times that . 
  the point is that your city should also not take in 50 times any number . 
  you should take in genuine asylum seekers , not pakistani pretending to be syrians . 
  it 's your country 's irresponsible leadership that started this wave of migration . 
  it makes no sense that slovakia takes the blame for it . 
  what is that ? 
  i 've seen these handbooks on facebook months ago . 
  are you telling me people are still surprised that this is an organized mass migration ? 
   along the lines of if you do n't want quotas then have all refugees for yourself . 
  it does n't matter . 
  you can not ** force ** half a million uncooperative people to do what you want if they do n't want to . 
  they will stay in germany one way or another . 
  hungary built a fence on their border . 
  not really effective so far . 
  if someone in germany/austria thinks changing a border 's status from `` open '' to `` closed '' with one button click will solve the situation , they will be very surprised in the next few days ( or hours ) . 
  i can only hope they set up camps next the reichstag , with migrants screaming how they are being opressed . 
  welcome to budapest 2 months ago . 
   it started with hungary throwing up their hands and giving up you obviously do n't understand the situation . 
  hungary was trying to stop the wave that started when merkel announced that germany will grant asylum to every syrian that showed up . 
  immediately after this , they noticed on the serbian border that people were throwing away their pakistani and eritrean passports and just pretending to be syrians . 
  1 day after merkel 's announcement , the number of refugees entering hungary went from 1500 to 2500/day . 
  [ here are the official numbers ] ( http://imgur.com/a/zsmfy ) from police.hu . 
  hungary 's population is 10 million and the hungarian police force * for the entire country * numbers around 35.000 and that includes the cleaning ladies and janitors . 
  after merkel 's announcement , all migrants wanted to move to germany . 
  they stopped cooperating with the authorities and started protesting . 
  they boarded the trains heading west in masses . 
  they started breaking out of camps and walking on motorways ( which is illegal for obvious reasons ) . 
  the traffic basically collapsed thanks to these events . 
  now , for regular hungarians , this meant they could n't travel home , or to work . 
  for example , my parents planned to visit me 2 weeks ago and still they could n't come because the situation with the trains changes each day . 
  the austrians randomly shut down the border so people who are working in austria had a rather bad day in the past two weeks , often waiting for hours in traffic jams on the border . 
  the syrians walk randomly on highways and rail tracks , they set up camps at places they 're not allowed and leave tonnes of garbage behind , and they 're also agressive towards the police that frankly behaved quite excellent so far . 
  the video where they are throwing food at the migrants has another side , for example , like how the migrants never actually stand in line like western people would expect , but they are used to crowding and `` survival of the fittest '' . 
  the police can not hand them food in an organized manner , they are being shouted at by an angry crowd that does n't want to cooperate , but still , they need to feed them , which is why they need to throw the food . 
  in exchange , hungary was criticized by governments and the media for opressing the migrants and was called a nazi country , while the police was displayed as being brutal towards the immigrants . 
  so what do you suggest hungary should 've done instead of `` throwing up their hands '' ? 
  that 's exactly what austria was doing from the beginning . 
  at least the hungarians checked that the migrants have train tickets . 
  the austrians just put together as much trains as they could and shuttled them all for free to the german border . 
  problem solved !, 
  well , not anymore ... 
  i thought all austria wants is to help the migrants flee from persecution in nazi hungary, 
   austrian police and helpers are getting nervous because of germany 's decision . 
  why so nervous ? 
  did n't you hold all those `` welcome '' signs just last week while calling hungary nazis ? 
  you should be happy that all those migrants will stay in austria !, 
   it 's one of the first concrete signs that taking in so many people will have an impact on the lives of ordinary germans . 
  welcome to hungary 2 months ago . 
  but i thought germany welcomes all those in need :( 4000/day are coming in every day because of the statements made by german politicians . 
  you ca n't back down now !, 
  you need to take them all in and protect them from the opressive austrians , hungarians , serbs , etc. 
  looks very modern . 
  the last time i was in warsaw ( in ' 99 ) it looked clean but communistic . 
  in this video i see lot was improved . 
  it 's not the govt holding those welcome signs . 
  nazi hungary has now sent its military to the border . 
  [ this is the front page ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ixmjat9.jpg ) of the serbian daily `` blic '' ( owned by a german media company ) . 
  the text says orban has sent army on the border with serbia evil neighbor orban , shame on you ( the hitler mustache ) while the people of hungary help the refugees , the prime minister sends the police against them , holds them in dog cages and feeds them like cattle . 
  why is it an offence ? 
  i would imagine it would become human trafficing if they accepted money for transporting refugees , but if they do it for free then i do n't see why would it be illegal . 
  please suggest how to stop 2500 people/day from doing what they want . 
  the hungarian police force numbers ~ 45000 and that includes the cleaning lady and detectives , while 200.000 refugees have entered ( and left ) hungary this year . 
  hungary is literally being overwhelmed by these people .
