  i think he means how chickens ( those whose egg code begins with 3 ) never see daylight and once they 're too old to lay eggs they 're tossed alive into a meat grinder . 
  imo that 's far more gruesome that anything they could live through in nature . 
  that 's really interesting , any link that proves what you 're saying ? 
  human two year olds can answer yes/no questions , i do n't think any animal can do that . 
  what you 're interested in , what your friends do , funny story from last party ... that 's normal , and very important to get to know someone . 
  not normal is discussing dating habits of europeans or the situation in syria ( unless you 're somehow actually involved ) . 
  i think people in western europe have a different culture of dating , at least judging from some of the comments here . 
  i also think meeting people through friends is the normal thing ... 
  it is possible to just approach a stranger and start a chat , buy drinks etc. 
  but i know perhaps only one guy that managed to get a long term relationship that way . 
  we are talking about relationships , right ? 
  not one night stands ... 
  happy to see hungarians are using wikipedia in a practical manner , by checking when one 's nameday * is  \\* celebrated similarly as birthdays in other countries, 
  they just * had * to mention her father sells chickpeas ( and we all know who eats those , right ??? ), 
  in serbia it 's pretty standard : you meet the girl you like through your friends , coworkers , or in any other way you two have to know each other for some time before you ask her out someplace . 
  if then you go to a party and you both get drunk then it can speed things up , if it 's cinema , cafe , romantic walk then it may take longer but should n't take that much long for you two to become recognized as a couple . 
  the sex part really depends on what kind of couple you are , it can happen on the first date , after a month , or never ( if you 're a no-sex-before-marriage person ) . 
  of course for one night stands you can just go to a club and start dancing with every girl , eventually one will not reject you . 
  look at corsica , what a bunch of boring people . 
  i do n't think the map is very accurate , romania has perhaps the fastest internet in europe , there 's no way you can have this without a large number of users . 
  no ufos over macedonia and albania :(, 
  he said serbia had a policy of colonization in the 20th century , which is true . 
  if you look at some of the milosevic era laws , albanians were forbidden to buy property from serbs while serbs were given tax relief and incentives to go to kosovo . 
  this did n't help of course cause people did n't want to move to the poorest province in the country , but the official policy could blame it on the albanians . 
  similar policies existed after kosovo was conquered by serbia in 1912 . 
  recently i was listening to discussion on a serbian radio station about the atrocities committed against the albanian population during the balkan wars and how those atrocities started the hatred which exists till today . 
  if you 're interested i might find the radio show for you ( it 's in serbian ) . 
  on the other hand , the albanians did n't systematically colonize kosovo , they just outgrew the serbs through the centuries . 
  the serbs moved north , into what is now vojvodina ( where today you have many non-serb place names and cultural remains ) , and left their homes in the south . 
  not because they were somehow forced to do so , but because the north was always richer , had better quality land etc. 
  the albanians were also moving north , except they started from further south ( what is now northern greece ) , which is why they only reached kosovo so far . 
  there 's nothing funny in the conversation above . 
  vojvodina and kosovo did not vote the same way as serbia did , you should check your history books again . 
  milosevic explicitly had to bring down the vojvodina government in order to fill it with his own loyalists , while the kosovo problem was dealt with tanks ( i 'm not sure about the vote , it 's possible that slovenia , croatia and kosovo opposed it , while the rest voted for imposing military rule ) . 
  this was in 1989 . 
  only after that did serbia have 4 votes in the federal government . 
  bosnia could not be counted on , as you yourself probably know , the bosnian president voted against imposing military rule in croatia when it was discovered that tudjman was smuggling weapons in . 
  you obviously have n't read [ the whole conversation ] ( https://twitter.com/jeremic_vuk/status/280882332985065472 ) ? 
  of course he is n't outright saying that serbs = dwarves , but you have to be a moron to not understand what is said between the lines . 
  vukjeremic : '' ... brave dwarves , determined to reclaim their stolen land '' aleks @zvezdas97 : `` just like we the serbs should do '' * vukjeremic likes this . 
  * nedeljkovic nenad @nn_lice : `` instead of dwarves we could use heavenly people  !!!, 
  so we could find ourselves in the movie !!! '', 
  vuk jeremic : `` we could [ find ourselves ] this way too '' etc. . . 
  this guy is an embarrassment for serbia . 
  and i thought so highly of him when he first started his ministerial career ... 
  the kosovo rhetoric came only years later , i 'm not sure if he really is influenced by it , or he tries to use it for political gains * , but he changed from a smart young diplomat in 2005 to an idiot in 2009 . 
  \\* - he leaves hints in his twitter messages that he 's waiting for a time when `` things change '' which i interpret means when he comes to power, 
  they want the territory back , not its people . 
  if kosovo is ever properly integrated into serbia then 1/3 of the population would be non-serb which would n't make sense in a nation-state . 
  does this mean the railway tickets wo n't cost a fortune anymore ? 
   i could think of a couple of questions i 'd like to ask them about this . 
  banks trying to make money ? 
  how shocking !, 
  it was snowing here a lot , and also some weird rain was falling that contained tin , so now the roads are all shiny and slippery . 
  good thing i have n't left the house since sunday . 
  potato with onions , fish , cookies ( from honey , poppy , walnut ) , chocolate brandy, 
  interesting that the hungarian word `` kar\u00e1csony '' apparently comes from the slavic `` kra\u010dun '' , but when you look at all the slavic countries , none of them use that word today . 
  only hungary and romania , both non-slavic . 
  you 're absolutely right , this is what they should do , but i do n't think it will happen . 
  other parties are similarly not going to do it ( raise doctors ' salary at the expense of retirement system ) , so what can we do about it ? 
  at least they 're trying to ensure there are some good doctors left in the country . 
   but a majority of countries do not recognize them you probably would 've been right if you were writing this a year ago . 
  at this moment , [ 50.3 % of all un members ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_recognition_of_kosovo ) recognize kosovo as independent , and the trend will only continue . 
  the countries that do n't recognize it can quite easily be put into two groups : 1 . countries that have their own minorities to oppress so they ca n't recognize other country 's minorities ( spain , slovakia , romania , china ) 2 . countries who have no clue where kosovo is and are n't important enough to be pressured by the us & eu to do so ( nepal , madagascar ) \\ + russia is a category in itself , since it likes ti `` stick it '' to the us and because serbia handed over its strategic resources just to get some `` brotherly '' help countries from group 2 ) will continue to recognize kosovo one-by-one if they have nothing better to do . 
  countries from group 1 ) might do so at some point in the future , if they manage to solve their own minority problem . 
  russia will probably never recognize it unless serbia does so , and since it has veto power , kosovo might stay out of the un for a long time . 
  also , demographics might be interesting in the future . 
  kosovo continues to have the highest birth rate in europe . 
  serbia has something like the lowest growth . 
  in just a few decades the situation will be that the serbia of 5 - million is asking the kosovo of 5 + million to `` come back '' . 
  i do n't think it 's a lie , back when the socialists ruled the economy was doing fairly well and there was no widespread emigration of educated people like there are today . 
  so there was no need for forcing students to stay at home after they graduate . 
  the situation has changed and today there is indeed a need for them to stay here . 
  it 's not a lie , it 's realpolitics . 
  slovakia is lagging hungary 's politics by 1-2 years , you can expect students there to also sign contracts to stay home in 2014-15 . 
   i am for a greater integration of the eu . 
  this is really great and nice , but i do n't want myself or my family to be treated by a doctor who 's only here because he was n't good enough to emigrate . 
  maybe one day when you 're older and start having health problems you will realize that this concern is n't so naive . 
  kosovo is independent , it 's not serbia 's `` property '' . 
  they should be paying , especially if they plan to move abroad . 
  education is never free , it 's paid by the society , and in this case it 's not the british and german society that 's footing the bill for getting new doctors and engineers . 
  this guy is an embarrassment . 
  party pooper, 
  i 've no idea what hitler is talking * , that 's why it 's funny . 
  what do you think [ about this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=paewqlmyjqm ) ? 
  ^ ( * - actually i do , cause i 've seen the movie ), 
  so far the main subjects were whether the world will end on december 21st and where to go skiing ... now i guess it 's where to buy christmas presents . 
  oh and some students protested about something , i did n't really follow the whole thing . 
  serbia is in no position to demand anything . 
  only 13 years ago it was the albanians that demanded self-rule , and serbia sent tanks and special forces in response . 
  putin finally made a fatal mistake . 
  nobody insults barroso and gets away with it !, 
  not periods , events . 
  there are many , i wo n't list them , you can start from the current refusal to grant autonomy and go back in time . 
   i suppose that if a hungarian govt would come forth and say ` sorry that 's a bit one sided , do n't you think ? 
  why wo n't the romanian govt come forth first and apologize for things that happened just a few decades ago ? 
  the people that lived under romanian oppression are still alive today , contrary to those that lived in austria-hungary . 
  box of menthol cigarettes . 
  but that will make it all wet and oily . 
  blic used to be a very good newspaper .
