  we do n't have a national holiday set to remember every year the time we annexed some territory and then falsely calling it a union . 
  i do n't see how it is us that need to get over it ... hey you won , congrats kthx goodbye , 
  i write in threads that are of interest to me , that 's all . 
  will you respond and tell me which part of the quoted sentence above is true ? 
  if that sentence is true and i 'm saying it 's not , then it means i indeed have an agenda . 
  if on the other hand the sentence is false , i point it out , and you attack me for it , then what does that say about you ... ? 
  you do not know what the majority of transylvania wanted because there never was a referendum about it . 
  because of this you can not make an argument what they wanted , it 's best not to talk about it since it 's irrelevant . 
  it 's still an annexation no matter how many times you try to wash it, 
  no it 's a myth that the austro-hungarian empire was `` destined '' to break up , it was made up by the descendant countries to justify their existence as historically inevitable . 
  same was how they used to say communism was bound to happen , and today we know it was a mere accident caused by a determined but small group of people . 
  for example , `` on the other side '' you have the belief that the return of the lost territories is inevitable and will happen sooner or later . 
  it 's the exact same myth . 
  a-h was much wealthier and educated than its neighbors ( save germany ) and was on its way to democratization . 
  franz ferdinand had plans to reorganise the country so that the slavs would have a bigger say in it , and later the emperor karl had similar plans . 
  i think that today it would be the same as the uk . 
  it 's not necessary that it would 've been a bloody mess . 
  had it been inevitable then you would have a bloody mess in the later 20th century , for example the 1990 's balkan wars could 've been copied in romania , but were n't . 
   but most of the romanian population of transylvania , about 80 % of people , wanted to be freed from the hungarians , which stripped them of their rights , and made them all peasants shame on you , you 're blinded by nationalism . 
  everything you said in that sentence is a lie . 
  today 's borders were not determined by any conventions or declarations but by the military victory over the hungarian army in 1919 . 
  had it been the other way round no one would remember this meeting since it did n't have any real impact . 
  union that 's funny . 
  if you 're not going to call annexation by its real name then why not go further and call it glorious liberation by the brave romanian soldiers ? 
  i want to see that show, 
  so is the ps4 any good ? 
  i remembered kazan because i 've met someone from there , volgograd because it 's stalingrad , and rostov because there 's some book i think about rostov-on-don . 
  should 've remembered samara because it 's named the same way as the girl from the movie ring, 
  39/68 manchester i did n't know how to properly spell i knew lisbon and turin , but i wrote them as lisabon/lisboa and it would n't accept it , also turin is torino it 's a shame i forgot about dublin and prague :( it 's weird that we are talking about agglomerations here , not cities , and for some reason thessaloniki was not on the list . 
  according to wikipedia it has 1,5 million people living in its agglomeration . 
  i mean ever since the country italy came into existence in 1861, 
  i know and you could also make an argument that the eastern europeans moving to britain are mostly working and paying taxes , while their education came in for free , so it 's a good thing for the country they move to . 
  and you can turn the negative side as well and say there are at least [ 10 thousand britons claiming unemployment benefits in germany ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/10392257/thousands-of-britons-claim-dole-in-germany.html ) . 
  i was mainly trying to make an irony about what the british pm was saying about eastern european immigrants lately . 
  it 's never a black-white picture . 
  damn immigrants leaching on our welfare states . 
  free movement of people should be less free etc. 
  italy always was a relatively poor country . 
  until the marshal plan and communism it was on the same level as hungary , and poorer than austria or czechoslovakia . 
  will flyingorange take on the challenge ? 
  find out in the next episode ... 
  [ 100 % in 2:05 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yoftd7q.jpg ) for all asian countries !, 
  looks like i 'm good at useless skills, 
  [ 100 % in 1:10 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hrcpdbc.jpg ) i lost several precious seconds while try to click on malta , it was at the edge of the screen, 
  do n't forget solving the kosovo crisis as well ( although great credit goes to the serbian new government as well ), 
  this has to be some sort of conspiracy . 
  perhaps this guy was told to discredit himself as much as possible for some reason , so he would deliberately lose the elections . 
  there is no way someone to change as much as cameron has in the recent months . 
  all i keep hearing is `` the internet should be limited '' , `` free movement should be banned '' , `` porn should be banned '' , '' [ random popular thing ] needs to be banned '' ... 
  and in syria before the war it cost 3 $ to cross this same distance . 
  what 's your point , that things cost different in different countries ? 
  the cost/ppp is the same . 
  i do n't understand you ... who gives a fuck about the un or the fundamentalists , we 're talking about a choice between life and death . 
  that 's what these people have to choose from . 
  this is why they are at the border now . 
  what sort of soulless bastard are you to tell them they should `` sort their shit out instead of running '' ? 
  that 's 2 times as much , then, 
  they come from macedonia mostly, 
  are you saying the syrian people just surrendered to the assad regime without a fight ? 
  have you been following the past 2 years ? 
  there are two rides per day and the trains are usually full , especially on weekends . 
  there are many migrant workers going to austria or germany and this is one of the two main lines ( the other one being through croatia and slovenia ) . 
  the reason why they are not more utilised is that it takes 8 hours to cross 400 km , sometimes more , and that often the heating is turned off . 
  i travel with this train and in winter i always carry a warm sleeping bag with me , but i have seen co-travelers suffering in minus temperatures . 
  there are also thefts occurring , the cars smell ... 
  in short , it 's a horrible ride . 
  because of this , most people prefer to ride by cars . 
  or go with a bus until the border and then somehow cross over and then continue with a bus or car . 
  or as you mentioned , if they want to go to the budapest airport they take a microbus ( which costs 3 times as much as the train ) . 
  if there was a normal connection between the two cities this would be a very popular train ride . 
  these people have no place to go , they ca n't go home cause they 'll get killed , they ca n't work so they must rely on aid , and the locals hate them because they create garbage etc. 
  so they can not even make new connections . 
  i would n't know what i would do in their place . 
  the article does n't mention where will this high-speed railway pass through . 
  it would be cool to connect budapest and bucharest, 
  well if eastern europe is ever to catch up with the west it needs foreign investment . 
  the pro-eu protest in kiev looked more like 25 thousand to me than 100k , but then you support those protesters so you probably see more of them . 
  you have a huge economic crisis , who are you going to ask for help ? 
  a ) the most knowledgable financial experts in the world b ) the politician who promisses to solve all problems c ) random guy i 'm not saying that gs is the best financial firm in the world , but i would certainly choose someone from ** a ** financial firm to help me guide myself out of a financial crisis . 
  this article is from  friday 18 november 2011, 
  there 's a saying `` where the russians pass through , the grass does n't grow '', 
  riot ? 
  the word riot appears only in the title , but nowhere else in the article is there a mention of a riot . 
  i agree with your example of power grids , the best example i saw ( and it 's probably similar to ireland ) was in slovenia . 
  the producers are privatised but the grid is owned by the municipalities ( and there 's probably some state involvement as well ) . 
  you as a consumer can actually choose where you want to get your electricity from , for example if you prefer nuclear you can get it from there , if you prefer cheap and dirty there 's a coal plant etc. 
  the price is based on the source , not the grid , which is the same for all . 
  what i do n't like about the hungarian solution is that they want to make everything state-owned : power , water , garbage , roads . 
  i do n't think state-owned companies provide the best services , the people who get jobs there are the ones who could n't find a job in the private sector . 
  and once they are employed their employment becomes a political issue since they 're paid by the current government , so if they get fired , the governing party will lose votes ... and so they have less chance of getting fired than in private-owned companies , meaning they do n't have to work as hard . 
  that 's a simplistic view of how capitalism works . 
  in reality you have multiple companies competing for the customer 's money , which is why they invest in infrastructure . 
  providing dividends to the shareholders is important , but those dividends come from the customers . 
  if the dividends go down due to low profit , the investors might move over to the other company that is providing a better service . 
  if you have all the companies nationalised then there will be no incentive to improve since there 's no competition , and due to monopoly the customers have to pay no matter how shitty the service is . 
  i 'm ... not really sure what point you are trying to make ? 
  my point was that if you take our region , we can assume that the czechs , poles , romanians , croats , we all spend the equal amount of money on education , and hungarian universities manage to come out in top in this competition . 
  this can mean anything but i like to think it means we have a better-than-average tradition of education . 
  the list i 've given is one of the most respected rankings in the world . 
  [ you can read about it here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/qs_world_university_rankings ) .
