  thai writing is just ... retarded . 
  i like the sound of french but it 's grammar is just horrible . 
  my mother tongue is kind-of rule based , so you just need to learn the rules and you 're set . 
  in french there are exceptions within exceptions within exceptions and i do n't really like to think about this when speaking . 
  this is probably the reason why i studied french for years and never learned to speak it , but i can sort-of understand other people speaking . 
  you 'd only give gold with high interest rates . 
  thank god the greek orthodox church is safe from such things ... 
  if you do n't know , then you 're already too late . 
  yes they are , compared to the value they produce . 
  yeah i did that as well  my name sounds like it 's chinese that way so they ca n't say it is n't real ( example : jo han ), 
  i did n't have a tv for years but eventually i bought one cause the internet package included it . 
  now i mainly watch the news and sometimes reruns of family guy, 
  i do n't know man , imagine the potential of this reclusive place : http://0.tqn.com/d/architecture/1/0/u/i/neuschwanstein.jpg you can torture the servants in the courtyard while barroso and von rompuy dance in one of the towers above . 
  how will they `` force '' me ? 
  send hess security to my home and threaten me ? 
  i know , i was kidding , 
  that would only make sense if you 're a low-tech company or you need workers that do low-tech jobs . 
  for everything else the employee salaries are negligible compared to all other costs , for example infrastructure . 
  also , the best employees will not want to move to bulgaria unless they get paid more than they would in an expensive country . 
  there 's a reason why many companies place their r&d departments in switzerland . 
  is there a way to find out who are the people that should be sitting at seats 115 , 116 , 118 , 165 and 222 but instead are getting fat on our money ? 
  the eu `` parliament '' should just meet in a secret castle at a secret location and decide the fate of us mortals during a session of orgy and sadism . 
  the masses shall be informed of their decision should such a need arise . 
  or maybe there are times when it 's always, 
  i think it 's because they do n't have tolls on their motorways . 
  i speak from my own experience . 
  when i was in sithonia this summer there was only 1 taxi driver on the whole peninsula and he charged minimum 15 euros for a 5km drive . 
  i talked to other tourists and they say sometimes he does n't even come , because he has so much business he does n't care . 
  i asked other greeks why is there no competition and they told me about the 4000 euro license . 
  athens is maybe a different story . 
  i appreciate this map , but unfortunately i have to downvote you because of the smiling douchebag at the bottom . 
  they need to relax some of the eu laws that kill small business . 
  for example , if people want to be taxi drivers they should n't pay 4000 euros for a license , and you know there 's a need for them cause some places in greece only have 1 taxi driver in a 30 km area . 
  also allow people to sell stuff on the street , clean houses without having to register a company etc. 
  this is really awesome !, 
  good for them !, 
  hess security was n't very effective anyway , my packages always went missing from time to time . 
   * why do the oltenian men wear checkered shirts ? 
   * so they can ask their wife `` scratch me at h3 ! '', 
  this is a good one  ) ), 
  there are some stereotypes from the old yugoslavia that are still alive today to some extent . 
  for example , the slovenes are all industrial and practical , the croats are traitors , the bosnians are dumb ... 
  here 's a joke : what happens when yugoslavia is attacked by a foreign power ? 
  the slovenes switch from peacetime to wartime industry . 
  the croats collaborate with the enemy . 
  the bosnians have no clue what 's going on . 
  the macedonians change their last name to look like the invaders ' . 
  the montenegrins run to the hills . 
  the serbs fight everyone and even among themselves . 
  what happens when the war is over in yugoslavia ? 
  the slovenes switch from wartime to peacetime industry . 
  the croats collaborate with the new government . 
  the bosnians still do n't know what 's going on . 
  the macedonians change back their last names . 
  the montenegrins come down from the hills , attach heroic medals . 
  the serbs are pissed and do n't know why the hell did they fight at all . 
  what am i looking at here ? 
   apparently supporting your country 's stance on something makes you a fascist please quote the sentence where you were supporting your country ? 
  i do n't see any . 
  all you did was badmouth the macedonians . 
  that 's why you 're a fascist pig . 
  i do n't know about it . 
  have you read their school books ? 
  just two posts up there you were surprised that they 're claiming justinian and now you 're an expert in their school books and know for sure that they claim it for them and them only ? 
  i think you 're just another one of those fascist greeks that hates macedonians and secretly jerks off to golden dawn posters . 
  pretty big bridge . 
  you probably have some way of proving what you 're claiming here , right ? 
  he was born near skopje , why should n't they claim him ? 
  how useful is it in germany ? 
  i 'm guessing they can only use it during summer cause it 's too cold otherwise . 
  again , like i said , there are cultural differences of what is considered to be abuse , offense or violence . 
  in some cultures it 's highly offensive to even touch a person 's head and people feel their personal space is violated if someone approached them more than 1 meters . 
  in others where body contact is more desired it 's quite normal to communicate with a smack to the arm or the back , knock on the head , pushing , shoving but also hugging and kissing . 
  you ca n't make a universal law on violence because violence is perceived differently by people in different cultures . 
  similar to how the age of consent is different , in sweden it 's 15 while in the us it would be considered raping a minor . 
  i 'm not saying beating up women is ok . 
  i 'm saying that , if people are temperamental and a heated argument happens and objects get thrown , people should n't automatically assume that anyone got ( seriously ) hurt . 
  in the worst case a tv gets thrown out the window . 
  if on the other hand the wife has bruises all over her body or the husband ca n't walk straight after being kicked too hard , that 's a different matter and should be dealt with . 
  badmouthing my country wo n't make you suddenly right , it just proves you have no arguments and no understanding of what i 'm saying . 
  the law against domestic violence is currently being publicly debated , the latest draft was published on jan 30 and once most participants agree on it it 'll be made into a law . 
  just do n't be surprised if it does n't meet your expectations , since it 's not being written for you . 
  like i said , that definition does n't take cultural differences into account . 
  i throw a pillow at you and suddenly you 're a victim of domestic abuse . 
  yeah , maybe in sweden , where an accidental condom malfunction is treated as rape . 
  we need to define what is domestic violence and define it in a `` non-hippy way '' . 
  for example , people from more `` temperamental '' countries tend to throw stuff at each other during arguments and often no one gets hurt , in my opinion that is n't real domestic violence . 
  just because someone hits you with a pillow does n't mean you 're going to die from your injuries . 
  on the other hand , people from northern europe tend never to use physical violence , so i guess they would be shocked at something like that . 
  some sort of measurement should be made that takes cultural differences into account . 
  just throwing a number like 1 in 5 women are victims of domestic abuse is n't really going to make me feel sorry for women . 
  actually explaining what domestic violence means may get me to contribute to an action to prevent such thing , build safe houses , demand law changes etc. 
  gates of hell opening under paris would cost paris $ 666 trillion . 
  few months ago they were selling pig meat as beef in sweden . 
  the people that sold the meat simply colored it to look like beef . 
  when this was discovered , `` no one knew '' who the perpetraters were , except that they were from hungary  ) ), 
  google translate is blocked by firewall so i ca n't read it , but i 'm glad this was resolved sensibly . 
  yeah but turkish kurdistan is taken as an example of what countries should * not * do . 
   since in international politics it helps to be a larger state no , i think it helps to be a larger * economy * . 
  look at the netherlands , only 16 million people but i bet they have more influence than poland 's 40 million .
