  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaaaaahahahahahahahahahahahaahaha romania i will vote for you guys !, 
  it takes a serious `` i do n't give a fuck '' attitude to send a guy like this to represent your country . 
  i was laughing through the whole song !, 
  it 's definitely better than all the previous countries that made me fall asleep . 
  russian singer looks like my landlord-lady . 
  otherwise the song is zzz, 
  malta sings about it , so i 'll probably vote for them . 
  belarussia was also interesting ... 
  spain was forgettable . 
  belgium was a standard eurovision song , nothing exciting . 
  it was fun though how the guy wussified in the end . 
  estonia is also singing in the native language . 
  looks like this year this is what 's cool . 
  i 'll check out the bbc , the hungarian tv is quite boring, 
  france was boring . 
  lithuania was quite bad . 
  moldova was pretty good . 
  as a matter of fact they do . 
  you 'll find many comments of the sort `` you civilized people leave us alone in our filth '' ( said with a sarcastical tone ) and `` maybe we 're poor and backwards but at least we have a heart '' . 
   they are going to like each other 's music not really true . 
  i never liked anyone 's music at eurovision , it 's all crap . 
  i 'll still vote for one of the regional countries cause i want them to win . 
  it was some 5-6 years ago when the croats awarded the maximum points to serbia , and the weeks after that you had famous people saying `` anything i had against the croats , i forgive them after this '' . 
  it 's not hard to imagine ordinary croats voting for the serb singer cause they want to improve relations with their neighbors . 
  i admit that there are probably people with bad taste who do vote for the music , but they 're probably not the majority , because otherwise we would n't have block voting . 
  i really do n't understand people who object to what people do in their bedrooms . 
  i try to think what goes through the minds of people that hate gays and ca n't imagine it . 
  i ** love it ** how people are replying to me about generalizations when the asshole above me made generalizations about half the continent . 
  you did n't write to him , did n't you ? 
  do you agree with him that there 's `` a big line between the dutch and eastern europeans '' ? 
  * most trustworthy : finns * least trustworthy : italians * most arrogant : dutch * least arrogant : spanish * most compassionate : spanish * least compassionate : british, 
  you mean the same way you did with eastern europeans ? 
  your hypocracy should be studied in textbooks . 
  historically ( and even today ) , the dutch have been among the most opportunistic people in the world . 
  when you had the chance to screw someone over for a quick profit you did n't waste a second . 
  now when it 's being done to you it 's suddenly not fair ? 
  that wo n't get rid of the .99 prices, 
  in cambodia they use dollars . 
  cool chart, 
  what would be the official language ? 
  why would you possibly want a visegrad confederacy ? 
  why would that be good for anyone involved ? 
  i know that people in western europe have a kind of different way of thinking so i 'll assume that this is what prevents you from putting together the pieces . 
  owner does not register tenant 2 . 
  tenant pays ( a lower ) rent in cash 3 . 
  no trace of income , no need to pay taxes 4 . 
  that sounds really retarded , did n't know about this . 
  fine , you 're not a nazi , just a racist pan-slavist . 
  that 's much better than being a nazi right ? 
  could you add vojvodina for me please ? 
  this is the flag : http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/r/rs-vojvo.gif edit : nevermind , i see that it 's been added already . 
  awesome !, 
  perhaps there should be a black frame around the flag , since the white part is blending into the background and ca n't be seen ? 
  you crawled out of your cesspit again , nazi ? 
  lithuwhat ? 
   the ghetto in ostrovany is separated from the white neighborhood by a seven-foot concrete wall , erected in 2009 in response to a rash of robberies . 
  it has not stopped thieving , i think this needs to be checked . 
  there are other places building walls like this and if the walls really are not helping to reduce crime then people should be aware of this . 
  on the other hand , i do n't think the author here made any checks to back up this claim . 
  gypsies still are musicians in serbia , they 're always there at weddings , birthdays , and other celebrations . 
  this does n't exist anymore in slovakia ? 
  i 'm not sure how is it in the uk , but if you rent out your apartment then you have a source of income , right ? 
  which means you have to pay taxes on that income . 
  well * i * still live at my mom 's place according to my id card although in reality i do n't for 7 years . 
  i agree with gadelat , this kind of thing is pervasive in the region . 
  you live in an apartment but you 're not reported in so that the landlord would n't have to pay taxes , and also your rent is lower . 
  the ljubljana-celje part is nice , but after that it 's just 500km of boring fields . 
  the jesenice-tolmin ride is also very scenic , also goes through the alps . 
  it could be a cheaper alternative to the swiss trip that you mentioned . 
  yes that guy is white . 
  i mean really , if that 's not white then what is it ? 
   i cant believe you and 8 others are such a self hating saps that you think its impossible for turkish people to act like cunts and the white teenager must have done something to deserve it . 
  just answer my initial question : why would possibly one turkish kid believe that he was non-white ? 
  who told him that ? 
  sorry , how is this guy not white/caucasian ? 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b8/tayyip_erdo%c4%9fan.jpg ca n't believe you had 18 people upvoting you ... 
  if those were just your alternate accounts then i understand , but if not , then this forum really has became a hellhole . 
  yeah i totally believe the belgian kid is innocent too and this is all the work of evil immigrants ... / s turks are `` white '' as well , why would possibly one turkish kid believe that he was non-white ? 
  who told him that ? 
  so what , he 's human too ... 
  poor nazi got his feelings hurt :( maybe you should tell some more how much my people 's alphabet sucks and i 'll start believing that you 're a beacon of tolerance and love . 
  you do n't even know how to spell the name of your first girlfriend correctly . 
  must have been a wonderful relationship . 
  btw . 
  you told me this before and believe it or not but i did read all of your messages . 
  i have also heard many such monologues from other people , how they love and respect my people and blah blah blah but reading between the line tells otherwise . 
  the bottom line is , you have no empathy with the hungarians you live together with and you do n't even try to understand how they feel . 
  there are other romanians here on this forum that obviously can do that . 
  i 'm not saying you should agree with me but at least form your words to sound less offensive . 
  or not , after all this is a free forum and you can say whatever you like ... 
  i was n't arguing with you , nazi . 
  you 're now tagged as `` romanian moron '', 
  you do n't have a tag :(, 
  this . 
  romanians should learn from their neighbors . 
  i remember i had a talk with a slovenian old man a few years ago , he told me he thinks hungary used to be a rich country but they fucked up when they sold all their land to foreigners . 
  do n't do it romania , do n't sell your land !, 
  in no time will the foreign owners start chasing farmers off the land and exporting all the produce , taking all the profit and leaving nothing to the local community . 
  i 'm no expert but i heard the belgians do n't particularly like hungarian immigrants . 
  not sure if true or not , just saying ...
