  during winter , no one lives there except a few workers ( around 200 ) . 
  before the 20th century , the place only had a temporary population of animal herders during summers . 
  you realize the only thing currently driving polish economy is germany ? 
  so if germany gets into trouble and fails to finance poland , then how will poland become any better ? 
  also it 's like 10 degrees at night in august and during winter it 's unlivable . 
  people do n't realize how harsh the alps are even if they are beautiful . 
  sounds more like you being a disgusting putinbot instead of a human being capable of discussion . 
  how does it feel to serve a dictatorship ? 
  uber is banned in hungary . 
  try ride sharing : www.oszkar.com or ask for help on facebook, 
  read on the subject ... in orban 's hungary , the prime minister builds a stadium next to his house , his gas repairman becomes the richest man in the country , he spends enormous amounts on a hatred campaign , no one dares speak up in government institutions because employees get fired if they `` like '' a facebook comment that goes against the party line , the laws are modified to be economically destroy his oponents even if it goes against the constitution or eu treaties etc etc, 
   cause i would rather have hungarian children that 's not the issue here . 
  the issue is the disrespect towards women . 
  if we are talking about financial incentives , why not give money to men that can impregnate the most number of women ? 
   they have the option to do so , nobody is forcing them to stay at home . 
  we 're not talking about the military keeping women in houses . 
  we are talking about a sticks & carrots approach which incentivises women to produce children instead of working . 
  if you as a woman want to work , you are punished by the system . 
   if they have 3 children , oh the horrors . 
  yes , why not give money for free instead of expecting women to breed for money ? 
  where is the boundary , next time they 'll give money to suck dicks ? 
   why the fuck would they work if they get money for 3 years . . because they could get a lot more money if they invested those 3 years into their own careers . 
  he means they are not taken seriously by the government , which is true if you look at how non-seriously they dealt with wife-beating within their own ranks , how they consider women to be breeding machines that should produce minimum 3 children , and of course you have that nice statistics of 80 % unemployment among mothers with an under-3 year old child , the worst number in europe . 
  sigh pressing ctrl + c is so hard ...  the situation of women is devastating . 
  they are painfully underrepresented in the parliament ( 10 % ) , and they are not taken seriously in the labour market , either what is false in this statement ? 
  same thing as the other commenter . 
  you are attacking the person instead of what he says . 
  quote me one sentence here from the article that is n't true . 
  you can not post one single sentence from his article that is n't true . 
   why not go to court because the courts are corrupted . 
  read the article . 
  attacking the person instead of attacking what he 's saying will not convince me . 
  you will need to tell me which sentence in the article is not true . 
  just one sentence will be enough . 
   voting is what matters and people still vote for orban people voted for saddam hussein too you know . 
  i do n't hate romanians , but i * do * hate your father . 
  the entire article in english can be read on the author 's facebook page : https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1855953391289135&amp;substory_index=0&amp;id=1685373138347162, 
   i was ok with the soviet union , that 's a bad argument . 
  nobody gives a flying fuck what your opinion is about the soviet union . 
  the consensus is that it was a horrible genocidal state . 
  https://tasz.hu/magunkrol/beszamolok-merlegek-es-eredmenykimutatasok but they do n't disclose every individual contributor , no , only the largest ones . 
  for example , i also donate 2000 ft each month . 
  i would n't want my name to be available for every idiot to see . 
  the government can see it if they want , but they also can not disclose it without my permission . 
  let 's say you are a newspaper . 
  you write the following sentence : `` the organization tasz went for a picnic . '', 
  you will get fined by the government because you did n't write `` the foreign paid organization tasz went for a picnic . '', 
  do you know in what sort of countries newspapers get fined for this reason ? 
  well , the soviet union was one such country . 
  these organizations already are disclosing it and the government knows about all their finances . 
  the purpose of the law is to label them as foreign mercenaries . 
  in the future , when any newspaper mentiones such an organization in an article , it has to sdd the label `` foreign mercenary '' next to its name . 
  in all their broshures and posters they have to hoghlight that they are foreign paid . 
  looks like he 's still alive : https://sr.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%bdivan_berisavljevi%c4%87 i 'll go search for him . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  hahaha you 're pathetic . 
  mixing one tragedy with another as if one justifies the other . 
  just because the serbs became victims afterwards does not mean the crimes against albanians do n't matter . 
  no i do n't . 
  how many people died when novi sad 's bridges got bombed ? 
  you know , it did hurt when those bridges got destroyed . 
  but it was at that time that i saw the first videos about the mass graves in kosovo . 
  i do n't know about you , but seeing that our country is murdering people like that felt worse than a few fucking bridges . 
  or maybe that 's me and you think the two are comparable . 
  hungarians used to have names for all neighbors but then we had to change them cause they did n't like it . 
  serbs killed over 10 thousand albanians and almost a million were driven from their homes into albania and macedonia . 
  at the same time , nato bombs caused no such damage to serbia . 
  this is true , and serbia was supposed to fight the kla . 
  instead , serbia went to kill albanian civilians . 
  serbian civil population was fine with bombs falling on sarajevo for many years . 
  when bombs started falling on them , they surrendered after ... 70 days ? 
   by the same token , does that justifiy everything serbia was doing ? 
  no because kla was n't the one attacking serbia . 
  there 's plenty of crap happening in other european politics every day , you just do n't hear about it cause it 's not the uk . 
  well they cause less damage than an average car crash on a highway and are many 1000 km away so do n't impact me . 
  yes terrorist attacks used to be exotic because of all the bearded ninjas but i have to admit , in the last two british terror attacks , i did n't click on any articles and do n't know/care really what happened . 
  checkmate , nato !, 
  or fucking , and then a year later you can hear the baby crying . 
  they are [ lilo ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/disney/images/1/15/wdp_lilostitch_lilo_420x420_001.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140508125732 ), 
  well , everyone i know who visited only said good things about albania , so i 'm curious . 
  we 'll go to sarande , the pictures look nice . 
  i 'm going to albania in a month !, 
  let 's assume that the us wo n't defend nato countries which are n't spending enough . 
  why would us defend nato even if it had a joint european army , if the countries within europe continue to not spend 2 % of their gdp on the military ? 
  in other topic , this is an interesting discussion , but since i 'm getting downvoted for my * opinion * i 'm quitting now . 
  now we have the us defending us against russia , turkey and iran . 
  without the us we would currently be fighting wars with these countries . 
  lucky for us , the americans are footing the bill and we can spend our money on healthcare and 4 week vacations . 
  yes , they are 1 2 3 4 and 5 . 
  please invest all your money into buying lottery tickets . 
  also sell both your kidneys for extra money to use . 
  yes , because country x will object to country y being perceived as having a leading role , which will break the coalition . 
  european history 101 . 
  and when it 's 2024 they can commit to do it by 2034 , and when it 's 2034 they can commit to 2044 etc. . . 
  hello ww3, 
   `` all allies committed in 2014 to spend at least 2 % on defense by 2024 , '' he said . 
  `` they did so because of russia 's invasion of ukraine . '', 
  it 's one thing to commit and another to actually do it . 
  instead of whining , the europeans should get their act together before expecting america to defend them . 
  your post makes no sense .
