  if yes , then the current article 14 is good for fooling the dumb masses , but in reality serbia agrees to let kosovo join any organization that are a precondition to the eu . 
  why would you agree to that ? 
  i bet it was / u/radegar , he seemed nervous the other day . 
  thaci says that it was agreed to let kosovo join the un . 
  is this true ? 
  without wanting to spoil the fun for everyone : it 's not over till both parliaments ratify the agreement . 
  2013 : when all of those people were dead . 
  good choice , hitler was a patriot too . 
  no wonder you support mass deportation of other ethnicities . 
  best thread ever !, 
  does this mean our gdp is actually 22 % larger than it is officially stated ? 
  are you saying you 're not a nationalist ? 
  hahaha czech nationalists are so silly , 
  hmm yeah it 's possible that i 'm wrong . 
  i 'm using the slovenian layout for latinic letters . 
  i know , my point is that saying `` the germans deserved it cause they voted for the nazis '' is not the right argument to explain why they got ethnically cleansed from the sudetenland . 
  the right argument is saying they lost the war . 
  to be honest , they could 've just given sudetenland to germany after ww2 , that would 've solved the conflict as well . 
  for serbia it 's wrong , it should be qwerty + non-latin , not qwertz + non-latin . 
  [ brutal assault ] ( http://brutalassault.cz/en/ ) , you can see the weirdest people in europe all in one place, 
  `` what are the big stories in your country '' threads . 
  there were a few posted lately , it makes me think someone is doing some research or homework . 
  i did notice lately someone ( probably you ) posting these threads . 
  what 's the point of it ? 
  cool , you guys have jihadists, 
  i remember a couple of years ago i planned to take a shortcut and enter serbia from osijek . 
  at the time i would arrive there would be no buses , i looked at the map , saw that it 's only 10 km to the border and thought `` oh well , i 'll walk '' . 
  my friend looked at me and said `` are you crazy ? 
  there are minefields everywhere ! '', 
  as someone who was used to hitchhiking and sleeping at strangers ' places this was definitely a new kind of experience , something you do n't see in american movies like into the wild , 
  the major highway connecting serbia with greece ( and the port of thessaloniki ) goes through bujanovac , one of those bordering cities . 
  it would be economic suicide to give that up . 
  fucking cagots , i hate them so much, 
  this guy knows what he 's talking about . 
  it 's really tiresome listening to all the pessimist complaining about doom and gloom . 
  the eu economy has been doing great for 2 years and the best times are still to come !, 
  i do n't agree with the serb pm . 
  kosovo has the upper hand here , why would they ever give up a land rich in minerals ? 
  i do n't like cabbages but there is some truth in what you 're saying . 
  i 've heard people say cabbages are a national meal here . 
  as an atheist neckbeard i believe the government should do something against the genocide of neckbeards that is currently underway, 
  hooray !, 
  borrowed money !, 
  according to wikipedia it 's 13 % , which is more than romania ( 9 % ), 
  south of sava = balkans, 
  yeah but you 're a student , i 've got a family to support . 
  imagine if 10 years from now you still spend 70 % of your income on a rent , how will you buy diapers for your kid ? 
  with that being said i now spend 20 % of my income on rent , but i had to work a lot to reach that . 
   i 'm talking about no cheaper accommodation in the whole country , you said  unless you go find yourself some flat in some village in the countryside i know that luxemburg is small so perhaps you do n't have a countryside , i really would n't know , but you should n't contradict yourself . 
   by your description , i have low quality as i 'm paying 1100 $ rent ( ~ 82m \u00b2 with utilities ) on a household income of ~ 2500 $ with two persons , myself being a full-time student . 
  yep , that sounds like low quality life to me . 
  how will you ever afford to buy your own home if half of your income ends up in someone elses pocket ? 
  also , the period i mentioned living in that 19m ^ 2 apartment , i was n't a student anymore . 
  when i was a student i was making 350 euros/month and was living with my parents . 
  right now * you * as a student are having the quality of life that a junior professional with a degree has in eastern europe . 
  i do n't think you understood . 
  there is also no cheaper accomodation in ljubljana . 
  me specifically i lived in a 19m ^ 2 studio , in a building filled with immigrant laborers , covered muslim women and children that do n't speak the local language , and paid 350 euros/month and my net salary was 1000 euros . 
  in my opinion your life becomes low quality if you pay more than 1/3 of your salary on the rent . 
  that 's what 30m ^ 2 studios cost in ljubljana , slovenia . 
  where the income is less than in luxemburg . 
  philosophers and sociologists are not on the list :(, 
  it 's disgusting how people treat her . 
  there 's an unwritten rule that you should say only good things about the deceised during the funeral . 
  if you 've got nothing good to say then keep quiet . 
  the british society is degenerate if they behave this way . 
   i do n't see how kosovo would work as an independent country maybe it should join albania ? 
  they should take your advice and have a referendum , i wonder how many % will vote yes , 
   start respecting people who were defending your ass hahahahahahahahahahaha if you are not a troll i do n't know what are you . 
  people like you do n't know how to speak english or write with latin alphabet , so i do n't think you 're real . 
  this is an eastern european country , it does n't need to do austerity because the government is not as bloated as western european countries are . 
  the problem with slovenia is that they rejected attempts by foreign banks to buy their largest domestic banks , those banks now got into trouble and there are no multinational banks to fill them with their cash . 
  instead , the population will have to fill them up . 
  til there are hungarians in kosovo, 
  i was hoping that vucic is the guy who realized this ( how you feel , not the average serb ) and would go ahead and finish the kosovo story . 
  i do n't know , maybe he got the latest polls and it showed him it would not be good for his ratings , so he went against it ? 
  his behavior disappointed me ... you know , i did n't think anything but the worst about him based on his past , but last year he arrested all those people and i thought hmm maybe there 's hope in him yet ... and then he fucks it all up by yelling at a meeting with catherine ashton . 
  just how primitive can you be to yell at a meeting with the eu ? 
  you know , these people are all cultured people , listening to opera , driving electric cars and having gay parents . 
  you ca n't treat them like this , you 'll hurt their feelings !, 
  it 's without doubt now that the eu joining date wo n't happen anymore under the current government , so i 'm not sure what else can they do for the remaining 3 years . 
  better to just have elections now ... ... and i 'll say another , perhaps stupid thing . 
  i think that , if dacic wins the next elections and his party becomes the strongest , that dacic will recognize kosovo 's independence and be done with this agony . 
  not because he has strong will or because he 's some genius who know 's what 's best for serbia . 
  i think it 's maybe because he 's drunk all the time . 
  i think that , had only dacic went to the meeting last week , without vucic , that he would 've signed the agreement . 
  perhaps because catherine ashton would 've supplied him with a never-ending stream of whiskey . 
  he would 've signed it and it would be in the long run good for serbia . 
  but then that asshole vucic turned up and ruined anything . 
  i would like dacic to win the next elections so that he would be drunk 24/7 and just agree to everything the eu says , then perhaps this hellhole of a country can finally move in the right direction for the first time in 20 years . 
  i know how the average serb thinks and it does n't really matter , the reality is serbia is becoming a worst place to live every year , and it 's because of the politics of always delaying and opposing the eu . 
  it 's really time to start not opposing the eu . 
  let 's try it out and see what happens . 
  he 's not even a well-known philosopher . 
  if i would go full-nerd-mode i 'd say that the paper his theories are printed on are n't worthy to wipe anthony gidden 's ass . 
  or habermas ' . 
  for those not familiar with the subject , these three are the most recognized and most influential people in modern sociology . 
  and not surprisingly , these three have a completely opposing view of the eu to \u017di\u017eek . 
  most likely cause they 're not demented yugo-nostalgic retards . 
  it 's really sad that nowadays everyone can be a professor .
