  once you join the eu you can not prevent foreigners from buying land in your country . 
  prepare for your coast to be purchased by germans and scandinavians . 
  although i guess some people would say that would be a good thing , 
  you think the `` man and woman '' part is there by accident ? 
  why did n't they just write `` everyone '' like at all the other articles ? 
  that has nothing to do with marriage . 
  if i as a single guy adopt 10 children then can i get married to myself ? 
  you do n't have to agree , it 's a legal term and some countries define marriage as a contract for protecting families , some do n't . 
  the vast majority of countries do , however . 
  why do you think marriage laws award couples with children ( tax relief , social protection ) , and punish couples that divorce ( legal fees , alimony ) ? 
  that 's the definition of marriage by the undhr as you quoted it , and is the definition for the huge majority of the people on earth . 
  you can not claim that gays are being discriminated because they `` only '' get civil union , when in reality gays can not even get married because marriage is a legal contract for protecting families , and family = parents + children . 
  gay people can not procreate so they can not form a family , and so they can not get married . 
  there 's nothing discriminatory about it , it 's the way things are . 
  c'mon you know you 're wrong . 
  in all the articles it says * `` everyone '' * , only in this specific article it defines * `` men and women '' * . 
  that 's because the definition of marriage is something that a man and a woman may have , not a man and a man or a woman and a woman . 
  gay marriage ! = hetero marriage . 
  hetero marriage is a right , gay marriage is a privilege . 
   ( 1 ) ** men and women ** of full age , without any limitation due to race , nationality or religion , have the right to marry, 
  marriage is a basic human right ? 
   but it also generates high unemployment that 's why worker hours need to be reduced from 8 to 6 hours , without lowering the salaries . 
  i think europe should invest in robotics and automation . 
  it 's not really possible to lower the salaries of the workers , so the only way european industry can produce at rates comparable to the chinese if it 's done by robots . 
  the working hour can also be reduced from 8 to 6 hours because less people will be involved in direct production . 
  well ok then i agree that we disagree and this probably ca n't be helped . 
  i do n't think you need a paper to prove your love . 
  that paper is meant to serve as a legal contract for the protection of the family . 
  you need to get married in order to love ? 
   so every heterosexual couple that decides to marry should do that only when they are thinking about `` producing '' children ? 
  what other benefit would you gain from marriage ? 
  if you get married and split up then it 's a whole financial and bureocratic mess , i do n't see why would someone get married just for the sake of marriage . 
   preserve the spiritual unity well i do n't think that has anything to do with religion , but i guess it can be interpreted that way if you really want to . 
  in my interpretation , it means that , the hungarian nation was torn apart and is living in different countries today , and a spiritual unity needs to be preserved so that those people keep `` feeling '' hungarian , if that makes any sense to you . 
   what ? 
  source ? 
  as far as i know , abortion is allowed up to the 12th week after conception . 
  according to the hungarian wikipedia abortion is only allowed in belgium if the fetus is degenerated or caused by rape , but the english wikipedia says what you said . 
  i trust the english wikipedia more . 
   marriage is only reserved for man-woman couples ? 
  that 's pure discrimination i do n't think gay people should get married , they can live as lovers but marriage is more serious business and its primarily function is to produce a child . 
  sorry if i sound medieval to you ...  maybe here : `` the detailed rules ... shall be laid down in a cardinal act . '' ? 
  yes but the previous two paragraphs state that everyone has the right to express themselves , so no cardinal laws can change that . 
  if your grandfather or grandmother had austro-hungarian citizenship and he/she lived on the territory of the [ hungarian kingdom ] ( http://www.oocities.org/heartland/flats/1756/varmegy.gif ) then you can apply for citizenship ( if you speak the language ) . 
  let 's ignore that the commentator ca n't pronounce fidesz properly and deal with the claims he made : * cutting number of representatives in the parliament - this is a good thing , a small country like hungary should n't pay for so many politicians * all ethnic hungarians get voting rights - not true , see my comment above * key posts in the government get mandate for 9-12 years - good , otherwise they would get cleansed whenever an opposition party wins the elections . 
  note that these same posts must be filled by people not associated to any party . 
  * conservative christianity is enshrined in the constitution - this is a blatant lie . 
  let me quote the constitution :  we recognize the role christianity has played in preserving our nation . 
  we value our country 's different religious traditions . 
  * fetus is protected from the moment of conception - just like in belgium * marriage legal between man and a woman - so what ? 
  * media under control by a body of fidesz loyalists - wtf ? 
  i ca n't believe they can just lie like this !, 
  please , read [ article ix of the constitution ] ( http://www.mkab.hu/admin/data/file/1178_en_2011_12_30_fin.pdf ) ( in english ) and tell me where it says that the media is controlled !, 
  * flat tax - i think this is great !, 
  * fiscal council can veto a budget - i do n't see why this would be good or bad ... * central bank loses independence - because the pm and parliament appoints the vice-chairmen of the central bank ? 
   all ethnic hungarians are granted citizenship . 
  nope , everyone that speaks hungarian and has an ancestor that was a hungarian citizen can request citizenship . 
  for example , serbs living in vojvodina can get citizenship too , if they learn the language . 
   however , the new bachelor being shorter than the old one does n't mean that it 's actually easier , just shorter , if you understand the difference c'mon you 're talking nonsense . 
  if i have to run 400 meters to get a gold medal and you only have to run 300 meters to get the same gold medal , then you ca n't say that it 's not easier , just shorter , for you . 
  when you apply for a job with an `` old degree '' you ca n't put into your cv `` i have a diploma but it 's worth more than bsc and less than msc '' . 
  no one will take you seriously . 
  if you write msc then you 're lying , if you put bsc then you 're undervaluing yourself . 
  because it devalues bsc degrees . 
  it makes it easier for people to get a diploma and then they can say `` i 'm not going to do physical labor , i have a degree ! '', 
  when a decade earlier many of those people quit after 1-2 years and started doing manual labor . 
  now you have to import immigrants to do that job because everyone has a degree . 
  look at how 50 % of young people in spain are unemployed . 
  are you saying there are no jobs at mcdonald 's for those young people ? 
  digging ditches ? 
  keeping cattle ? 
  why must they all work at an office ? 
  maybe it was just my university , i wo n't argue that . 
  but how do you explain that before , bsc was 4 years and today it 's 3 years ? 
  the students learn faster ? 
  the 3 +2 course is now an msc course , and in the old program that was a bsc course . 
  so now an msc is worth as much as an old bsc . 
   do you have any evidence that this is not pulled straight out of your ass ? 
  i started my university under the `` old program '' , and during the 2nd year they introduced the bologna program which cut some of the most difficult subjects ( complex analysis ) and made others ( differential equations , numerical analysis , operating systems 2 , data structures 2 ) optional . 
  so 90 % of my generation including myself migrated to the new program because it was obviously easier to finish . 
  i 've met a canadian girl that teaches english in a kindergarten in budapest , and she gets around 1000 euros/month . 
  i think that 's a really good salary . 
  what 's amazing is that there are these huge unemployment % numbers being tossed around , and at the same time hundreds of thousands of immigrants from poorer countries move to the eu because they found jobs . 
  why ca n't the young people of the eu do those jobs ? 
  not everyone should expect a large managerial position in a comfy office because not everyone is cut out to do such a job . 
  also , getting a job that gives you a `` good living '' is not a right but a privilege . 
  a college degree does n't guarantee you an office job , because today 's universities have become too easy thanks in part to the bologna program , and nowadays everyone can have a diploma . 
  what was once a bsc is nowadays an msc , or perhaps even a phd . 
  there are plenty of jobs left at mcdonald 's or digging ditches . 
  when the subsidies for the unemployed run dry then the spoiled eu children will have to give up their car for their 18th birthday and instead get their hands dirty . 
  10 years ago there were almost a billion people less living on this planet , so of course there were more resources to be shared . 
  the price of oil has went up . 
  agriculture depends on oil , hence the price of bread going up . 
  it 's not the euro 's fault at all . 
  i think if the us attack iran , then no one outside the us will believe that iran is the bad guy . 
  this is why the war will not happen . 
  i think only the nuclear facilities will get bombed . 
  that will happen at the end of 2012 , not the beginning, 
  the sentence `` everyone that could has already gotten out '' is not by me , i quoted a bosnian colleague of mine . 
  i know a lot of bosnians and none of them went back to bosnia because they wanted .
