  only in the last few years did it become more openly racist and nationalist . 
  i 'm not sure why is this so , but perhaps they have a new editor that is eager to ride the nationalist/sensationalist hatered which sells the other biggest newspaper in the country , called kurir . 
  i only visit them for their [ daily commic ] ( http://www.blic.rs/strip.php ) nowadays , which is just pure genius . 
  i could n't find the correct translation for [ tepert\u0151s pog\u00e1csa ] ( http://www.nosalty.hu/recept/tepertos-pogacsa ) , but apparently it 's `` crackling cake '' . 
  you take fatty bacon and cook it , from this you will get fat ( which you remove ) and this other solid thing which [ looks like this ] ( http://blog.kromek.hu/wp-content/uploads/2009/03/teperto.jpg ) . 
  you put that into a meat grinder , then make some puff pastry , mix it together and put into the oven . 
  tastes wonderful , although i guess it 's not very healthy . 
  i eat it every day before going to work . 
  i 've eaten those , ca n't really distinguish from regular hamburgers ( probably due to all the added stuff like ketchup , onions , nacho etc. ), 
  [ this ] ( http://www.zsqts.com.cn/product-photo/3d6d874079918376efb4b5d89b2335ef/coin-coffee-machine-hv-301rd-.jpg ) is how i drink my coffee . 
  on workdays only . 
  otherwise i hate coffee . 
  there 's no shame . 
  when eating cold pizza , ketchup actually improves the taste . 
  why is it unreasonable ? 
  if you had the skills , knowledge , charm and everything else needed to make that sort of money you would n't think it 's unreasonable . 
  you would want your children to be born in wealth so they would have a better life than you . 
  this is especially true if you come from a poor family like gerard depardieu ( son of a metal worker ) . 
  i think you 're just jealous that you will ( perhaps ) never be as successful as some of these people and want to punish them for this `` injustice '' . 
  i 'm guessing those are the clans living isolated in mountains that do n't want to show their true numbers , or overstate it , so the people making the statistics had to make up estimates which lead to this 14 % . 
  i kid you not , this is how people lived under the turks and things do n't change so fast for everyone . 
  this is the same shit that milosevic , lukashenko 's good friend was planning to do in serbia , before the people revolted against him . 
  he was importing chinese people in exchange for money , a small chinatown was created in belgrade during his time . 
  i do n't really see what the benefit of the chinese government here is . 
  why do they want to get rid of healthy working people during a period of economic boom ? 
  i agree , it might be by coincidence but most americans i 've met were really smart , interesting and curious people , many of them learned the local language to some degree , and the older people were very polite . 
  maybe all the stereotypical americans go to paris and the good ones go to eastern europe ? 
  i agree , like , you know , i mean , like , california is , like , yeah . 
  wait , is n't he maltese ? 
   your landlord is required to tell the b\u00fcrgeramt if your landlord is not a native german then he might do you a favor and not report you . 
  actually , it 's very easy . 
  that is why people go there . 
  you as a native german probably do n't know this , but there are many people who live outside your society , do n't speak your language , and yet they rent apartments just like anyone else , go to the shops , pubs and football matches , drive cars and live normal lives , while getting paid for it . 
  there are many facebook groups where people can find connections and jobs to do all these things . 
  it 's really surprising for me that people here say living illegally is hard in germany . 
  it really is n't . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i know two guys who are working illegally in germany as construction workers right now . 
  they do n't even speak german and live there for years . 
  there are many companies that are willing to hire unregistered cheap workers . 
  that survey was a joke , does n't matter what the results were . 
  you had a question and 3 possible answers , 2 of those was a yes and 1 was a maybe . 
  i 'm surprised the yes vote won by only 90 % , the remaining was probably due to incompetence of those counting the results , it should 've been 100 % . 
  for example , a typical question : `` we can hear in the news that immigrants are linked to terrorism . 
  are you afraid of immigrants ? '', 
  a ) yes , b ) sort of , c ) i 'm not well informed, 
  she criticizes the government quite a lot , i guess she 's from the opposing party ? 
  but she is right when saying that croatia had months to prepare for the influx of migrants and did n't do anything during this time . 
  why would he resign ? 
  most europeans do n't want to become a cultural melting pot . 
  because there are many many people in europe who work in another country without speaking the local language . 
   people have never had a say in their government , what is there to be loyal to exactly ? 
  the immigrants were often her chanding `` shuriya '' , so i 'm guessing they are proud of where they come from . 
  hmm ok you 're right , i went a little overboard . 
  yes , they have lost everything , and it 's the right thing that we help them ease their suffering . 
  but when they begin to live better than us , then it becomes too much . 
  someone here posted an article saying an average refugee cost 13 euros/day in hungary , which is more than what the minimum wage is . 
  if i was a person on minimum wage now , i would rip apart my hungarian passport and apply as a syrian refugee in some western european country . 
  i think they get something like [ 800 euros/month in denmark ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/01/denmark-slash-benefits-asylum-seekers-refugees ) ? 
  i could save up living in refugee centers and then buy an apartment when i come home . 
  there are different styles of leadership . 
  germany 's `` do as we tell you or we 'll hurt you '' is not what most countries want . 
  i 'm not surprised , i think you misunderstood me . 
  i accept that these are the rules and i play by them . 
  i did learn the local language and i did get a residence permit . 
  i also went to university , pay taxes , do n't break the law and when a policeman says stop , i stop . 
  what is frustrating is seeing these people get the same/better treatment , just because there are so many of them . 
  yesterday i read a syrian 20 y.o. 
  girl saying she 's happy she arrived to austria and is now planning to study in either the netherlands or sweden . 
  ** i ** wanted to study in those countries too when i was 20 . 
  i did n't have the money , or connections , or right citizenship , to be able to do so . 
  this girl will probably have a better education than me because her people forced her way into the eu . 
  uk , france and italy are also huge but you do n't hear them telling everyone else how to run their countries . 
  the us gives more $ $ $ in charity than any other country in the world http://www.cnbc.com/2013/12/03/worlds-most-big-hearted-nation-the-united-states.html http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2010/sep/08/charitable-giving-country african children today are thought by their parents that when they see a white person they need to reach out their hands and ask for money . 
  if you travel to any sub-saharan country today ( assuming you 're white ) , you will either face non-stop harassment from ordinary people wanting your money , or you can choose to never leave your bus and so isolate yourself from the environment . 
  just so there 's no misunderstanding , this is entirely caused by western nations dumping money on african people . 
  the free money disincentivezes people from being productive , since lazy people get money for free . 
  charity today actually makes africans poorer . 
  that was the same problem with the hungarian police . 
  they required at least 5000 calories of food to do their daily job and they did n't get it . 
  after the newspapers found out they finally got food stamps so they could buy food for themselves . 
  that 's what i said too . 
  i waited in line for 5 years to get residence permit . 
  had to go through all sort of bullshit `` interviews '' where the innitial assumption was that i was a criminal scum and had to prove that i would do honest work . 
  i paid taxes as everyone else but did n't get the same benefits as citizens . 
  it was assumed that as soon as i lose my job , i had to pack up my things and get the fuck out . 
  i also tried getting jobs in several eu countries where they always refused because i did n't speak the local language , only english . 
  a friend of mine tried to move to sweden this year and he eventually had to come home because no one would hire him since he did n't speak swedish , and without a job he could n't afford to pay his rent . 
  we all should 've just applied as syrian refugees like all those iraqi , afghani , kosovo etc. 
  people . 
   if they apply for asylum they will be our problem . 
  that 's the same thing croatia/slovenia/hungary are saying . 
  except the migrants are n't applying for asylum . 
  so do n't pretend you 're somehow better , you 're doing the same shitty job as everyone else and just shifting the problem to your next neighbor . 
  not really . 
  slovenian apartments start from 75k euros for a tiny apartment and goes to 150k for a normal 70m ^ 2 apartment . 
  an average net salary is 1000 euros . 
  an average rent + expenses is 350 euros . 
  if you live on bread and water , and assuming you will get a bank credit with only 50 % participation , you might be able to buy an apartment in ... 12 years ? 
  it 's stopping them for now .
