  some of the shit i 've heard i never heard while living in serbia itself . 
  often they come to forums and tell people how great milosevic was , how all muslims should be killed , and then they reveal they 're from sweden and the whole forum starts laughing at them . 
  this is a well known issue , and the serbs in serbia are embarassed about it . 
  well no , muslims are n't a race , they are thought of as the descendants of turkish invaders that held the serbs in slavery for 500 years . 
  not really a racial but an ethnic issue . 
  the denial of war crimes is the legacy of censorship under milosevic , plus the failure of the education system to teach the younger generations the truth . 
  the current history books are really retarded , there was a talk show just last week ( in serbian ) , where they quoted passages from the 8th grade history book , and the audience laughed because it was so stupid . 
  but since there 's no real effort by the political elite to update the education system ( and the intelectual elite is very pissed off because of this ) , it will remain like this for some time . 
  basically , kids teach that serbs were always the victims , that they always acted on the `` right '' side of history , and there is no emphasis at all on individual choices , but historical decisions are presented as collective . 
  bottom line is , there is a problem , the relevant people know about it , but the decision makers do n't give a fuck . 
  i 've no idea how to change this , the minister of education is one of the most permanent figures in elections in the last 10 years . 
  i think him ( and the minister of finance ) have had the longest tenure , despite the governments changing from democrat to nationalist to socialist to nationalist . 
  there was a discussion here maybe a week ago , when we talked about why are n't these people punished . 
  believe me , the majority of society knows that they are an embarassment and wants to do something about it , but the bottom line is , the economic situation does n't allow it . 
  the way to deal with these people would be to put them in jail , right ? 
  the prison capacity in serbia is 8000 , and there are already 12000 inmates at this moment , leading to human rights violations . 
  if you sentence people to jail , they will eventually be released with a small fine or held under `` house arrest '' . 
  there 's also no money to build more prisons . 
  the society is not ignorant or racist itself , it 's just helpless . 
  which is why it 's retarded to call all serbs ( or any other nation ) racists . 
   serbia which is one of the more racist european countries serbia is not at all racist . 
  you have some hooligans chanting racist slogans and suddenly the whole country is racist ? 
  your generalization is not far from racism itself , asshole . 
  does n't change the fact that you can kayak to italy without having to enter any other country . 
  there are many good european movies , this thread reminded me of many . 
  my favorites are la vita e bella , goodbye lenin , run lola run , la haine , kontroll , let the right one in , and i also like the more artsy movies like europa and solaris ( by tarkovsky ) . 
  also , let 's not forget that the many monty python episodes and movies were technically made in europe . 
  among my favorites are many yugoslav movies , but i guess for many you would need to understand the language and mentality to find them interesting . 
  if possible , i suggest you watch [ ko to tamo peva ? 
  ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0076276/ ) , it 's imho one of the best comedies ( if not ** the ** best ) ever . 
  i 'm not sure if foreign audencies would find it funny , but it 's pure comedic gold . 
  bosnia also has access to the sea , so technically it borders italy . 
  during the whole acta issue i wrote to all hungarian mps and only one responded , with a short thank you . 
  i think i would like to have a pirate party mep cause somehow i feel that he/she would actually respond . 
  exactly , what if i want to buy a 10 million euro yacht , and do n't want to wait 3,5 years to get it ? 
  come to hungary , rich people , we have flat tax : - e, 
  budapest is on the list ? 
  holy shit !, 
  if there 's so much money how come they ca n't finish the fucking new metro line ? 
  ^ ( ( they cut off a few stations from the plans since there 's no money and the eu wo n't give either ) ^ ), 
  no hair samples at the hairdresser 's place ? 
  is n't that odd ? 
  interesting poll . 
  i guess i can interpret it the way that suits me better  the last question , at the bottom of the pdf is i think the most relevant . 
  basically the majority says that the uk should wait and see what happens with the eu , and then do something . 
  scrolling back , the majority wants to renegotiate the treaty ( after waiting and observing the eu ) , and if the renegotiations are said to have been successful , then the majority would vote to stay within the eu . 
  if there are no negotiations whatsoever , then more people than not would want to leave the eu , but they do n't make 50 % so the undecided will be the most important . 
  -- the point is these referendums might not even happen because the majority wants to wait and see what happens . 
  so unless the eu kicks britain out ( which it ca n't ) , i do n't think britain will leave on its own . 
  so we have all this drama for nothing ... 
  well the crime suspect has just accused the hairdresser of a set-up , which means you have to go and question him , see if any more dna samples turn up . 
   `` you do n't become french by answering multiple choice questions , '' said valls i like this guy , 
  i just checked wikipedia and it says this : hm government con ( 213 ) lib dem ( 90 ) hm official opposition lab ( 231 ) but anyway , even with the numbers you posted , 307 is not the 50 % needed for the referendum to pass . 
  i 'm guessing labour voters are more pro-eu . 
  i do n't know about the other 79 unaccounted mps , do they come from pro-eu or anti-eu parties ... 
  so i 'm guessing all this talk about how a referendum about leaving the eu would pass is just talk . 
  we do n't know yet how the people will vote . 
  if cameron goes out with a referendum and loses it , then his anti-eu policy will lose credibility , and maybe this is why he 's not going ahead with it . 
  but the hairdresser might be lying . 
  we need to bring him in for questioning . 
  so if the liberal democrats are in the government then there obviously is a large part of british society that is pro-eu . 
  who says the referendum will turn out with the people rejecting the eu ? 
  are there some reliable estimates that this will be the case ? 
  and at the time of the crime your wife can testify you were banging her and thus have an aliby . 
  checkmate , dna-\u00fcbersmart-terrorists !, 
  most crimes are n't conducted by professional assassins . 
  so why is n't there a referendum ? 
  if the government wants to stay in power it should do what the people want , no ? 
   then that will be a petty , vengeful measure , and everyone will recognise it for what it is . 
  yes , but so what ? 
   why would you even do that ? 
  i usually take papers because i know the people who give them out ( students mostly ) get paid only if they hand out all the papers . 
  so you know , i was trying to help . 
  i did n't really look at the person before taking the paper ( fat gipsy woman ) because i was thinking about other stuff . 
  looks fun , but it 's dead . 
  til from one of the posts there that kinder eggs are illegal in the us and more than 60.000 get confiscated by border patrol yearly  ) ) ) ), 
  there are different kind of roma . 
  they all descend from the same people , but through centuries they changed a lot . 
  for example , there are hungarian gypsies ( called romungros ) , they have a lot of hungarian words and i think most do n't even speak their original language . 
  there are olah gypsies , from romania , balkan gypsies , who have slavic words , and there are iranian , south american , spanish etc. 
  who all differ from one another by some degree , some live in houses , some in tents , they may have different music or dances . 
  they also differ by religion , some are catholic , some orthodox , some are buddhists ...  in this article the gypsies in question are romungro . 
  here 's a really short history you should read : http://www.romaniworld.com/statnon.htm, 
  what surprised me was that they 're much more violent in hungary than they are in serbia ( and croatia i guess ) . 
  like this week , 2 days ago , i was going towards the metro station , and there 's this woman , she gives me some paper and i take it ( i 'm naive like that ) , then she asks if i got a minute . 
  i smile and say no , sorry , i 'm in a hurry , and she violently rips the paper out of my hands and tells me to go to hell . 
  c'mon , really , was that really necessary ? 
  in serbia it 's more like `` c'mon give me some money '' , they 're sometimes annoying but i never got a violent reaction . 
  like you said , you can have a conversation with them if you 're bored . 
  i 'm really starting to miss the serbian gypsies :(, 
  who will carry the suitcase full of money ? 
  there 's only one handle . 
   the leaders of the roma community rejected the accusation that gypsies were to blame for crime and safety problems . 
  an important thing which this article does n't mention is that the jobbik party accuses the leaders of the roma community , not the romas themselves , for the situation . 
  specifically , the leaders are putting all the aid money in their own pockets , while their followers can only complain about continuing to live in poverty . 
  oh and btw . 
  in the last month i got into conflict with romas two times , and with non-romas zero times , so i 'm trying , but it 's really hard to have simpathy for them , even though i have no simpathy at all for racism . 
  that 's not nice : /, 
  is n't turkey a secular state ? 
  i would understand if he got on trial for inciting hatered , but `` insulting islam '' sounds quite awful .
