  yeah , especially that woman with the angry face . 
  i hate dumb people that wo n't make sacrifices for the good of their country . 
  if they go bankrupt i hope [ these angry people ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/image/io8ilovyfhke.jpg ) are forced to eat garbage so they 'll rethink what they were protesting about . 
  so now what ? 
  it 's still just your opinion . 
  i think this country needs more conservatism , and my vote counts as much as yours . 
  why are you looking at the american market ? 
  [ this is the euro area market ] ( http://i.imgur.com/15rizyo.jpg ) and it 's not doing any worse than it did in january this year . 
  take away * why ? 
  * because the opposition parties do n't agree with the government ? 
  dude , this feels like you telling me the grass is not green because my eyes seeing it are only anecdotal evidence !, 
  i participated in the fucking events , i remember exactly what was going on . 
  the voting paper i have is not anecdotal evidence . 
  hmm right why am i arguing at all ? 
  the history that i lived in 10 years ago is being rewritten in serbia and people are actually buying into it . 
  who gives a shit about that 3rd world hellhole anyway ? 
   its not their fault the system yeah , in a democracy , people are totally not responsible for the system they elect to live in . 
  it 's the corporations ' fault amirite ? 
  i 'm not interested in your leftist propaganda-influenced opinion, 
  yes kostunica won in the first round , i was on the square when they announced the initial results and unless the voting changed dramatically in the last second it would n't be possible for him to not win . 
  i have n't heard anyone calling it a tight victory , but i guess many people have said stuff . 
  in any case , votes were stolen , my voting paper is your proof for it . 
  the victory can be tight or wide it does n't matter , he did n't win as much as he should 've won had all votes been accounted for . 
  wishes that would make hungary a paradise : 1 . tropical weather so girls wear summer clothes all year long 2 . greasy food becomes healthy i do n't know what should change the mindset . 
  perhaps do n't kill yourself so often ? 
   and there 's even speculation that he 'd won the 3rd time as well . 
  as someone who participated in the protests and is a proud owner of a pro-kostunica voting paper retrieved from the parliament ( where it was n't supposed to be located ) , i can confirm that whoever speculates that should fuck off and die in a fire . 
  i think putin winning 110 % of the votes in chechnya is what 's unfair . 
  government protection against losing all your money . 
  the cypriots will only lose 6-10 % of their money , i lost it all and there 's no traceability . 
  the guy who stole my money is probably operating another site right now and will get away with it again and again . 
  and then there 's that other issue you failed to reply to . 
  the price of bitcoin went from $ 14 to $ 2 in a matter of weeks . 
  that 's not what most people want to put their savings in . 
  i just hope your $ 100k will turn to $ 5 real soon and then you 'll shut the fuck up . 
  like i said , you 're a moron if you trade in bitcoins . 
  and you specifically , are a fraud if you tell people they should trade in that shit . 
   if you lost money with bitcoin , i will safely assume you 're a moron . 
  the owner of the [ bitcoin trading site ] ( https://bitmarket.eu/ ) announced that he played poker with our money and that it 's all gone . 
  there 's no protection for that , the money is just gone . 
  the only way you could prevent that is to withdraw your money to your wallet , but how will you trade it then ? 
  i 'd say you 're a moron if you trade with bitcoin . 
  real money has traceability , there 's some government protection etc. 
  also go fuck yourself with your $ 40 . 
  i went in when it was $ 14 , then it went down to $ 2 and took 2 years to climb back to $ 14 . 
  when it finally became profitable and i sent my bitcoins for sale , the owner ran away with my money . 
  to give some context , this is the the travel & tourism competitiveness report 2013 prepared by the world economic forum . 
  the result i mentioned can be seen on the second page ( page 455 ) in the linked report . 
  it 's not hard earned , the cypriots were earning more than they should 've and that increased earning was financed through debt . 
  now they 're only paying back other people 's money . 
   for the benefit of other corporate and banking destinations . 
  which corporations or banks ? 
  hey you know what , when we were giving money to the greeks then the slovenian newspapers were whining how every slovenian is paying ~ 700 eur for the bailout . 
  do you want to do that again , for the corrupt cypriots ? 
  i think not . 
  those people voted to have a system where they can save a lot of money in their banks . 
  that system brought to the current situation . 
  money does n't grow on trees , so the money they were `` saving '' was actually financed through debt . 
  what is happening now is just that they 're losing their `` savings '' which they should n't be having in the first place . 
  let 's do simple math . 
  for a 5 billion debt , each cypriot will owe 6000 eur . 
  if you have 100k savings , you pay 6,7 % that 's 6700 euros . 
  yeah , bitcoin is the best , i never lost money so fast like with bitcoin . 
   the cypriot population who are the sacrificial lamb for this though . 
  they brought this on themselves , nobody forced them to vote for governments with irresponsible financial management . 
  that 's a false analogy . 
  who created this debt ? 
  was it the cypriots ? 
  if yes , then who is supposed to pay for this debt ? 
  someone else ? 
  no , the cypriot people have to pay for their own debt , and getting some of their savings is exactly what needs to be done . 
  what kind of saving is that when the country is going down into bankruptcy ? 
  these people were only living in illusion that they were putting away their savings . 
  they should 've voted in a government that had responsible financial management . 
  perhaps then they would n't be able to save so much , but they would n't have so much debt either and everyone would be happy . 
   the word 's origin is unkknown . 
  it 's not unknown , only it 's disputed . 
  i like to think that the simplest explanation is usually the most precise . 
  imho `` magyar '' means `` forest people '' , which makes sense since hungarians originate from the urals . 
  another theory is that the word is of iranian origin and the original magyar tribe was a persian warrior cast surrounded by finno-ugric commoners . 
  eventually the magyars got assimilated into the common class , which retained the name ( same way it happened for the french ) . 
  but i think that theory is just romantic bs from the 19th century . 
  what does sasana mean ? 
  `` swissfuckers ''  ) ) and it 's not nsfw , it 's just a site with a map . 
  do people in ireland call you `` the north '' ? 
  ireland means `` the south '' ? 
  south compared to what ? 
  fuck you eu, 
  some of those eu politicians come from the czech republic ... 
  it matters cause you could just be another account for ginjeet who just loves posting shit about his own country . 
  yeah , they 're not going to freeze to death . 
  yeah but i hate italians, 
  i never seen you before , guy-that-registered-16-minutes-ago , but congrats on your 3 upvotes . 
  maybe the other `` hungarians '' upvoted you ? 
  yeah they did something similar in indonesia with me  ) they gave me a child to hold for some reason and i 'm not at all good with children so i was holding it very clumsily and they took a picture of me holding it almost upside down  ) i 've no idea why they gave me the child , it was literally `` hey you , take a picture with my child ! '', 
  i think hungarians are half-blond half-black , i ca n't think of a specific stereotype of how we look . 
  we probably look forgettable which is why no one knows we exist  i specifically have mediterranean skin color and black hair , my wife says i have gipsy blood in me so who knows , 
  when i travel to western europe i sometimes ( specifically in the netherlands and ireland ) get treated like a dirty immigrant parasite even though i only came as a tourist , wanting to spend my money in their paradise of a country . 
  on the other hand , when i traveled to se asia , i was treated like a money bag . 
  i think everyone in the world can find a situation when he was unfairly treated differently because of some stereotypes .
