  the recession is over . 
  i know this kind of stuff does n't get to the headlines , so maybe you did n't notice this . 
  btw . 
  when was the last time you heard about greece going bankrupt ? 
  how time flies ... 
  yup , hungary introduced flat tax and it began to be implemented this year . 
  like most middle class people , my salary went up because of this . 
  yup . 
  read the business news , everyone 's optimistic about 2013 . 
  you 're right , we should actually look back 15 years . 
  then you 'll notice there has been an economic crisis before this one and it has n't been the end of the world . 
  there 's no reason to believe the next quarter wo n't be positive because there 's no data that tells us it will be . 
  actually the overall positive mood tells us that the next quarter will probably be better than the last one . 
  of course not . 
  if you look at the last 30 quarters then you 'll see that on average we 're doing better than we 're doing worse , and there 's a higher chance of the next quarter being better than worse . 
  just because there was a bad quarter does n't mean it 's the end of the world ... 
  why is estonia always the first in everything modern ? 
  they 're not that rich yet they have electronic voting , free internet , and now this ... 
  i do n't understand why are they capable of doing it but we are n't . 
  someone post a suicide rate chart so the americans can laugh at us too, 
  i ca n't decide if cez is an evil company that exploits the people of the balkans ( albania and bulgaria both had problems with this company in the past months ) , or if the balkans is an unfriendly environment for foreign investors and cez was just naive enough to invest . 
  it works !, 
  neat trick , i 'll remember this one . 
  thanks !, 
  your search - http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/b4c057d0-79be-11e2-9015-00144feabdc0.html - did not match any news results . 
  tip for latvians : buy food now !, 
  serbian and hungarian . 
  originally i had serbian only so getting an eu passport helped somewhat ... 
  i did n't have to stand in line with immigrants anymore to prolong my work permit . 
  having both passports is great for travel . 
  with hungarian passport you can go to the us , canada and most south american countries visa-free , while with a serbian passport you can go to russia and kazakhstan visa-free and a lot of countries have a reduced fee ( china = $ 3 ) . 
  also , the syrian visa used to be for free ( it still is i think ) , and also lybia was free before they removed ghaddafi . 
  this already exists in hungary . 
  i do n't know the general picture , but for me it means : when taking money from an atm , i pay 0,3 % ( for 1000 forints i pay 3 ) , when doing wire transfer i pay 0,2 % and when paying with my debit/credit card i pay 0 %, 
  it wants me to register . 
  how to read this without registering ? 
  tabbed browsing , the startup screen where you see your favorite/recent links instead of an empty screen , and a lot more ... 
  i do n't get * why * it is n't more popular than firefox or chrome , and why it never was . 
  most of the good stuff that firefox and chrome has now , opera had invented years before . 
  why did n't people never switch to the better browser ? 
  i think self-reliance is a great thing in american culture . 
  i grew up in socialism and almost everyone i know thinks like `` the government will provide '' , a government job is the best thing ever and everyone ca n't wait to retire so they could stop working at last and finally get those government pensions ( which will provide a poor life ) . 
  there were also these mongols in the 13th century and they murdered an estimated 50 % of the population . 
  you hear the english bitch about the black death ... well it 's the same thing for us , except that after the mongols we also got the black death , and then the turks . 
  but there are other nations in europe that had it worse ( the baltics for example ) , i do n't know how they feel about their history but [ they seem to be right up there with hungary ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate ) in the suicide rate . 
  the overall pessimism is actually depressive even if you 're not pessimistic by nature . 
  for example , i got pissed off from reading the news on the most popular news sites , because they * always * bitch and moan how we suck . 
  even if there 's good news they 'll find something bad about it and publish it with big letters . 
  this is why i like listening to pro-government news , sure maybe they 're lying but at least they make me feel good  just last week it was discovered that the country is in a huge recession , they talked about that for 2 minutes and then went on to talk about how great the dollar bond auction went and that this means we 're * the best * in the region  and then today i accidentally visited an anti-government news site and discovered that romania sold its bonds at a much better rate than we did , which means we suck and are last place in europe and belong in africa :( i need to set up a filter to non-governmental news sites ... 
  i interpret `` brutal regime '' as an evil dictatorship which opresses its people , something like saddam 's iraq . 
  sri lanka has a democratic government which fought a brutal civil war , it 's still not a * regime * ( technically yes , every government is a regime , but the word is usually used for dictatorships in the press ) . 
  overall there 's this feeling that we 're better than the situation we 're in but we need to shut up cause we 're small fish . 
  from time to time we forget we 're small and then comes the smackdown which returns us to our initial state . 
  see [ polandball ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vtyaqkp.jpg ) for more information . 
  some people might say that the current pessimism comes from trianon which ended hungary 's golden age , but then if you look at the 19th century you 'll see people were being pessimistic even then and complaining about some prior defeats . 
  the national anthem ( written in 1823 , which was actually a pretty good year ) basically goes like `` we had a horrible , terrible history , god give us at least something good cause this nation has suffered much more than it deserves '' . 
  since when is sri lanka 's democratically elected government a brutal regime ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  is this chart saying that slovenian ppp is almost the same as the us ? 
  those are actually different sounds , the latin alphabet just does n't have enough letters for all the vowels . 
  and on top of that they have 5 tones and you have to mark them somehow . 
  actually the way tones are marked is really smart , even if you know nothing about the language you can kind of assume how b\u00f3 and b\u00f2 are pronounced . 
  bahasa is not a tonal language so of course they do n't have these problems . 
  most people think of french as '' \u017e\u00f6n\u00f6ple tuluzu '' , not `` hraha harkahhah '' . 
  the weird sounds you mentioned actually is n't * heard * by people who do n't know they are there . 
  it 's the same thing as r and l in chinese , if they do n't learn to distinguish them until certain age , their mind wires so that they do n't hear them as separate words . 
  maybe french has five ways of pronouncing a , but to me they all sound the same . 
  you should read [ the lord of the rings from mordor 's perspective ] ( http://ymarkov.livejournal.com/270570.html ) , it tells you the truth that tolkin did n't want you to know !, 
  you ca n't buy the book , you can only download it free because the tolkin estate prohibits it to be published . 
  i think turkish \u011f used to be pronounced like q in qom ( in persian ) , but after some time they just stopped using it . 
  it 's not at all related to dutch g . in hungarian , serbian and other balkan languages there are many leftover words from the turks , for example poga\u010da , aga , jagma , but g is always pronounced as regular g . these languages probably took over the words from turkish at a time when g was n't an empty sound yet . 
  i like persian too  i was learning it for a very short time when preparing to go to iran , the first thing i 've read was that it 's genderless and thought `` woohoooo '' . 
  but then the arab spring happened and our visas were rejected . 
  maybe in a year or two ... 
   what ? 
  [ athos ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_athos#prohibition_on_entry_for_women )  also your link is for a russian website . 
  you do realize that i said greek orthodox church right ? 
  it 's also for greek orthodox church . 
  search the site a little . 
  or maybe you just do not want to know the truth that greek orthodox priests are just as bad as catholic priests ? 
   because it 's so different from every other language it 's actually similar to turkish in grammar so it was very easy for me to understand long words while in turkey . 
  i 'm guessing that this `` easy feeling '' is what speakers of indo-europeans feel when learning each others ' tongue . 
  for me it was always difficult to learn any indo-european language ( except english , since it 's genderless thank god ), 
   the greek orthodox church actually allows there priests to have wifes and children it 's also the * only * religion in europe that has a little peninsula where women are not allowed to enter ( but boys are ) . 
  i wonder what do those * men * do all day alone in their monasteries . 
   i personally have never heard of a pedo orthodox priest , if there has i doubt it has ever been more then 1-2 cases in the last 50 years . 
  just type `` greek orthodox pedophile '' into google you twat ... 
  there are dozens of cases and news articles . 
  there 's even this website called http://www.pokrov.org which helps victims abused by greek orthodox priests . 
  there are more cases than just 1-2 and it 's as recent as 3 days ago . 
  i did learn dutch ( for 6 months ) , that 's perhaps my second favorite language  except that when i learned enough to actually start understanding what people were saying , i realized people are incredibly direct/rude and my interest dropped :( still , dutch sounds very interesting to me . 
  you ca n't hate a language that automatically clears your throat when speaking , 
  for example , you always put adjective after the noun , except if the adjective is `` grande '' . 
  you always read double-l as y , except if the word is `` ville '' . 
  if i could find my old notebooks i could find cases where you have a bunch of those exceptions , and even some of those exceptions have exceptions in some special cases ( i ca n't think of an example right now ) . 
  this is why vietnamese is my favorite asian language . 
  at least i could pick up conversation with locals just by reading the signs . 
  not like thailand , they stick a menu with inflated prices in front of you and they even mock you with another menu with clearly lower prices that are written in thai . 
  i tried learning their writing system but it 's just retarded ( do n't care if it offends someone ) . 
  again , when i went to arabic countries , i took the effort to learn their writing and it was possible .
