  food is cheaper than in some balkanic countries , beer is 66 cents . 
  shitty beer is 35 cents . 
  well if you read the rest of the article she also had a very abusive husband and some other tragedies in her life , so now she 's basically mentally ill . 
  living on the street is just a side-effect . 
  an expensive therapy could probably cure her . 
  let 's not play with empty rhetoric . 
  how would you solve the homeless problem ? 
  when answering , do n't forget these two realities : 1 . not all homeless people want to go to shelters 2 . taxpaying citizens prefer not to step into human feces when they go to work in the morning as far as i can see , you could perhaps buy them normal apartments . 
  why would these people get apartments for free while i have to pay if i want to buy one ? 
  you could move them outside the town where there 's plenty of space and perhaps build a large shelter there , but they do n't want to live there because it 's far from the city center where they can beg . 
  so what is the proper solution ? 
  i do n't think sweden is a good rolemodel to follow regarding women 's right where you can get charged for rape for not using a condom . 
  you guys went a little extreme . 
  also you 're confusing culture with discrimination . 
  in your culture it 's probably rude to display any sexual affection in public . 
  in southern countries it 's common to whistle after girls , open the door in front of them , pay dinner for them etc. 
  and slovenia is somewhere in between so you have some of this culture there as well . 
  you 've probably just experienced the negative sides so far ... 
  so perhaps get a boyfriend and see the positive sides too . 
  or perhaps you 're lesbian in which case i do n't know what to say but i knew a lesbian there and she seemed to be doing pretty ok , she did get a job in our company so i disagree that women or lesbians are discriminated . 
  gay rights are generally more respected than in most neighboring countries . 
  mind you this is also a catholic country so traditional families are more respected . 
  your agressiveness towards the people you 're living amongst is not helping . 
  so i think you 're just having difficulty accepting a different culture , and your own feminist views are a little immature . 
   slovenia and it 's really bad here example of `` bad '' ? 
  no need to suck up anymore , you 're already in the eu ... 
  so ... you can address the state organs in german in * menen * as well ? 
  hungarian : a good sentence is alive as creation itself . 
  slovenian : you grab the bull by its horns , a man by his words . 
  as i said , the indo-european people are believed to have moved to europe around 4000 bc . 
  the archeological artifacts you mentioned does n't have writing attached to it . 
  it can be likely that those items were produced by the people your ancestors conquered . 
  because you know , in 4000 bc you guys and the aryans in india are still the same culture , yet in time the two become completely different . 
  under what influence ? 
  perhaps of the conquered peoples ? 
  in case of the aryans we know that they conquered the natives in india , because the natives were sophisticated enough to leave such evidence for us . 
  in case of the germans ... perhaps the natives you conquered only left unidentified axes . 
  my mom bought some pro\u0161ek on the black market this year when she visited croatia ... 
  i mean all indo-europeans came from somewhere around the caucasus during the bronze age , so it is only a theory that your ancestors came to sweden and found unclaimed land . 
  it is more likely that they migrated to sweden during the bronze age ie . 
  4000 bc , they found stone-age natives and stole their land . 
  there was probably some rapin ' going on otherwise they would 've kept their natural dark hair ( and dark skin ? ), 
  were n't the sami there before you and your dirty immigrant ancestors stole their land ? 
  sorry i had difficulty following ... so you 're a white franch guy who 's ancestors moved to europe 10000 years ago ? 
  i heard moldovan wine is good ... but is it good ? 
  yeah i 'm living in zuglo and all the time i hear this about how the mayor is a crook and his subordinates are crooks and i 'll be surprised if they win the local elections next year . 
  the only noteworthy thing i can remember them doing was unveiling some shitty statue of somebody . 
  i 've read about elbrus some time ago and apparently it 's a much more deadly mountain than people think . 
  it 's because of the cable car and the relative low height that make people less careful , so the death rate is something like twice the rate of other mountains of the same height and difficulty . 
  i 've looked at the literature and almost fell off my chair  ) ) ) )  silja , p. pronalazac `` odgovoran zadatak ''  in m. meraklija , t. 
  mikijev zabavnik , no . 
  19-21 , 2000 . that means :  goofy , g. gearloose `` responsible assignment '' ... micky mouse magazine , no . 
  where can i find this distant galaxy ? 
   i have n't seen it in tesco ... 
  hungary ( imho ) : - best light beer is borsodi bivaly - best dark beer is soproni d\u00e9mon, 
  i think krakonos is the best, 
  yeah mythos is good . 
  i 've tried fix as well but mythos was better . 
  la\u0161ko used to be good but ~ 4 years ago they reduced the % of alcohol and since then it 's not the same . 
  now i like union more . 
  btw . 
  union in hungary is sold for just 60 cents . 
  i see a business oportunity in reimporting the beer to slovenia and selling it for 90 cents ( which would still be cheep ) . 
  i do n't mean the influence or origins , i mean disco and rock were * invented * in the usa . 
  rock music was created as a mixture of american country and blues , which have origins in european and african music , but they did n't exist in europe or africa . 
  the genre would n't have existed unless the very specific american conditions had n't existed . 
  and then that music was exported to the world , together with american fashion , cinema , food ( `` mexican '' food , modern pizza , these are all american foods made by immigrants and perfected by americans ) etc. 
  your denial of american culture and feeling superior is american culture too , because it 's their culture to question authority and think that they 're better than others . 
  you know that whole thing how today you do n't talk to your parents as `` sir '' ? 
  that 's thanks to the american 60 ` es which got exported to europe . 
  the habsburg and the ottoman empire influenced eastern europe a lot more than the gb-france-germany . 
  just because these 3 countries are influential and rich * now * does n't mean they were influential 150-200 years ago . 
  hungarian is a mix of many cultures , you can see this in the language and in the food . 
  the language is ( i think ) 30 % finno-ugric , 25 % slavic , 15 % latin , 15 % german , 5 % turkish , 5 % english-french-italian , 5 % unknown the national food has influences of turkish-iranian , slavic , soviet , italian and french . 
  most of the modern national institutions like the parliament , national museum , national library , opera , public school system etc. 
  were all established in the 19th century and were modeled mostly on habsburg-german examples . 
  the architecture in the 19th century was called hungarian secessionism , it was derived from the viennese art nouveau school with some unique touch ... 
  i would n't say that this was a `` german '' influence , more like an austrian or habsburg since this kind of architecture can mostly be seen in the former habsburg lands and not in germany . 
  then there was some soviet influence after ww2 ... 
  abba = disco = american music beatles = rock = american music need i go further ? 
   in medieval times , it was a bit more complicated . 
  i think that 's the part where the hungarian and romanian histories differ . 
  in hungarian history it 's not complicated at all , the whole area was part of hungary . 
  the romanian arguments feel like trying to make up facts just to prove that somehow transylvania was special , so to justify the current status quo as the natural one . 
  i heard that since mihai viteazul conquered transylvania for 3-4 years ( ? ), 
  in the 17th century that this was foreshadowing a future greater romania and how historically this was bound to happen . 
  in a similar way you have serbs clinging on to `` emperor '' [ jovan nenad ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jovan_nenad ) who was some kind of warlord over a territory that matches today 's vojvodina , briefly for a few years . 
  that somehow should explain that this territory always should 've belonged to serbia . 
  and the slovaks have some theory that the hungarians in slovakia are actually assymilated slovaks who forgot their language , so now they need to be forced to `` remember '' it again . 
  all 3 of these theories feel made up and fake , probably because they are . 
  prior to nationalism people were divided based on religion and there was no such thing as ethnic separatism . 
  it would n't be fair because germanic speaking people would find it easier to learn . 
  we would have to take a completely unrelated language , like arabic or chinese , if we wanted to make it truly fair . 
  it depends on the situation . 
  once i 've met a russian who did n't speak english , and since i know serbian we kind of managed to understand each other . 
  in these situations i would use english first though , and if that fails then fall back to another language or hand signals . 
  should n't belgrade be just a blank picture ? 
  which airport will be connected ? 
  a few years ago i went to paris with wizzair , they stop at some airport north of paris and i had to pay 15 euros for the bus to paris center , and then another 5 euros for the rer to the orly airport . 
  the plane ticket from timisoara to paris almost cost less than the actual cost of getting to the other airport .
