  hungary successfully managed to defend its own border , so it 's sad when you see rich greeks complaining about not receiving blankets from hungary . 
   merkel is so soft on foreign policy that i ca n't see any consequence opposing her on such an issue . 
  in the past 5 years , what major event happened within the eu that went against merkel 's wishes ? 
  i specifically remember the greek pm complaining how the germans bullied him into accepting the eu terms . 
  sure you are , croatia . 
  lol your source is index . 
  no further comments are needed . 
  you and i live in a different world , and your world is luckily the minority in hungary . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  most people i know are very happy about our performance . 
  my facebook feed is full of posts about `` yet another gold medal b ) '' . 
  turn on any of the government tv stations and you can see every 30 mins a propaganda clip about how we 're the best . 
  on m1 tv there is a medal counter showing the number of medals we 've won , and it 's on all the time , regardless of the program . 
  are you sure you live in hungary ? 
   it is kind of hypocritical to slam middle and western europe for paying people from the middle east when a lot of the money goes to nationals of easten europe . 
  it is not hypocritical because * we * , eastern and western europe , are citizens of the european union . 
  we take care of our own people . 
  we pay the taxes to do that . 
  our ancestors have worked on building the structure which holds the eu together now . 
  our parents voted for the political parties in power in the past decades with the idea that in the future , their children will live in a better place . 
  they did not vote so that illegal immigrants would live in a better place . 
  yes , it 's a great idea and yes they should be supported , but they should always come 2nd after the actual eu citizens . 
  the citizens of eastern europe should always come first , not the refugees from the middle east . 
  is this really so difficult to understand ? 
  yes , currently ee gets more money than it pays in the common treasury . 
  however in 2007 slovenia became the first ee country to actually pay more than it receives ( later this changed due to the economic crisis ) . 
  that is the goal of all countries and in 5-25 years ee countries will reach the eu median and they will pay as much as they receive . 
  behaving arrogantly because now they receive more than they pay will not help eu unity . 
   the fact that hungary does not pay their citicens fair social benefits is a problem , i agree in that . 
  it 's not a problem . 
  the citizens agree with that . 
  this is why they voted for the party which enacted those laws . 
  your idea of what social benefits should be is not universal , that 's my point . 
  and receiving money is not a human right . 
  if people in pakistan can earn a living ( and they can ) then they can not just come to the eu and demand benefits . 
   well , the argument of the european court of human rights to stop dublin was human rights breaches in the hungarian camps . 
  what human rights breaches ? 
  what has been * proven * ? 
   also , the decline of the free press in hungary , the deterioration of the right of a fair trial by basically disempowering the constitutional courts . 
  this is all true , but how does it affect the refugees ? 
  what do they care if the hungarian free press gets squashed ? 
  or the constitutional court ? 
   first : if you would have looked at the island , it actually belongs to tunesia , so no european power to create something like you proposed there . 
  the island where australia ships its immigrants is also not australian , it actually belongs to nauru : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nauru_regional_processing_centre are you even familiar with this issue ? 
  i 'm saying that the eu should do exactly what australia does and deport to a tunisian island exactly because then the eu would not be legally responsible for those people . 
  and if those people know that the eu is not legally responsible for them , then they will not come at all . 
  that 's the whole point . 
   second : from the scale , i would say it ca n't be bigger than 10 km \u00b2 . 
  nauru is 21 km ^ 2 and the refugee detention center takes only part of the island . 
  i 'm sure there are many islands out there . 
  hmm , how about this one ? 
  your post shows exactly what people in ee think the people in we think about ee . 
  you are telling us how shitty we are while you yourself ca n't fix the problem either . 
   the main criminal-problems of 2015 ... are sinti and roma that came over to germany ... because the eastern european nations are not able to handle their problem you now have the chance to show the eastern european nations how the problem should be handled . 
  france solved it by deporting roma migrants back to romania . 
  what is germany 's solution ? 
  how will you integrate people that did not integrate for centuries ( while everyone else did ) ? 
   as long as we declare the human rights as the main element of european values , these benefits have to be payed . 
  they have to be paid to european citizens , not to everyone that steps across the eu 's borders . 
  let me tell you about hungary 's social benefits system . 
  if you get fired , you need to pay your own medical expenses ( around 20 eur/month ) until you find an employer . 
  you also do n't really get unemployment benefits . 
  i 've read somewhere that you do , but from my experience that 's not true . 
  so it really does n't pay to be unemployed in hungary . 
  why would anyone want to come here ? 
  unless he/she planned to actually work and pay taxes . 
  so when you say `` benefits have to be paid '' , you 're not talking about the eu in general , you 're talking about western europe or germany in particular . 
  the eu benefits are not uniform , which is why some parts are attractive to migrants , while others are n't . 
   that the eastern european nations give a fuck about human rights is nothing new , just look at what happens in hungary and start to happen in poland . 
  what happens now in hungary is mostly corruption , but i do n't know what you 're talking about when it comes to human rights . 
  which human rights were abused recently ? 
  please do n't mention the 2008 shooting of roma people , that was 8 years ago , the people were tried and convicted , and is not a recent event . 
  my question is , how is hungary/poland worse than germany when it comes to human rights ? 
  sorry but no . 
  the syrians who came to europe last year are mostly pakistani and afghani economic migrants . 
  this needs to be understood before anything , because if you 're argument is that they are defenseless women and children then there 's nothing to discuss here . 
  the people from kongo and pakistan are the same category of people , and they only come because of the drowing power of ( western ) europe . 
  you just need to remove that factor and the problem is solved . 
  put them on an island outside of the eu , like australia did and for those that are already inside : 1 . 
  strict criteria on family unification , for example the main applicant needs to work legally for 5 years before he can apply for his spouse and children 2 . 
  they need to find work and make progress in learning the local language , otherwise they get shipped to the island outside the eu the question of rescuing the people in the boats is valid , but the current situation is the italian coastal guard is patroling the lybian coast and rescuing people 50 km from lybia , instead of 50 km from italy . 
   the only final solution to end the influx of refugees has nothing to do with the european border , but with the situation in the middle east . 
  how will `` fixing '' the middle east stop people from kongo trying to come to europe ? 
  you are delusional in thinking the problem is not within the eu itself . 
  has it really been that long that you ca n't remember last year 's events ? 
  `` the muslims '' do n't want to go to eastern europe , they want to go to germany . 
  redistributing them to ee means forcing those people to go to countries they do n't want to go . 
  hungary tried to keep them in camps and was criticized by everyone in the eu for being fascist evil nazis . 
  the migrants are aware of the political in-fighting in europe and they were aware that hungary was getting bashed for doing its job . 
  this is why they dared to break out of the camps , walk on highways , fight with police , throw women on the rail tracks in front of cameras and holding the 1 % women and children up high for the cameras . 
  had hungary been supported by others in the eu , those people would not have come at all and would 've likely stayed in afghanistan and pakistan because they 'd know they could n't cry their way to germany . 
  private citizens from austria came with their cars to budapest to rescue the poor migrants . 
   the turkey-deal was the only way that the blockading-strategy of the balkan did n't turn into a bloody civil / refugee war on the border of greece in order to get to europe . 
  the migrants stopped coming when the wall was erected on the macedonia-greece border . 
  coincidentally this was the same moment when the turkey-deal was reached . 
  if the deal with turkey is cancelled , the wall in macedonia will stay . 
  it will work , of course , only if the eu helps macedonia defend its border . 
  also note that the migrants are not coming to europe because of the drawing power of hungary or poland . 
  they come because of germany and sweden etc. 
  eastern europe is not the problem here , the problem are the social benefits western europe hands out to everyone .
