  i can imagine us attacking that world and wiping their sissy asses out '' i think it 's from starship troopers ? 
  on a more realistic note , there are many historical cases of hunter-gatherer societies living in complete peace , so that they do n't even know how to use weapons . 
  and in every single case they got wiped out by their militaristic neighbors . 
  what about the income loss when a woman goes into pregnancy ? 
  i think whoever invented conscription for men-only was aware of some pretty obvious gender roles . 
  why would they imprison political opponents ? 
  hungary is a democracy despite what this article says . 
  the reason why the eu is not suspending anything is because in reality , there are no reasons to do so . 
  in fact last year it has lifted some of the sanctions that were introduced during socialist rule , because the current government improved the economy that the socialists have mismanaged . 
  the only people who are crying are the leftist commies who have lost their access to money and power . 
  progressive tax is such a stupid idea . 
  it steals from those who can and awards those who wo n't . 
  awesome !, 
  no surprise there , you hate your neighbors and love countries which are far away to really know what they 're like , 
  i do n't listen to hungarian folk songs but [ this one is pretty good ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaeyt-swwg0 ) i think . 
  both the singer and the citera player come from my region so it has to do with localpatriotism too  if you liked that one then [ here 's a whole list ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuec0lalfr4&amp;list=pl4271c8144f221405 ), 
  we talked about this yesterday already , stop spreading bullshit man ... 
  i do n't have to listen to your lies !, 
  \\* turns off internet *, 
  cheddar is tastless rubber . 
  the only real cheese is ementaler . 
  i also accept those rotten cheeses like roquefort but only in small quantities . 
  frankly this subreddit is pretty bad as it is , i do n't see how it could get any worse . 
  i hope the new people will bring in some refreshing diversity to this socialist paradise . 
  pelmeni looks similar to [ khinkali ] ( http://blog.agtg.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/khinkali.jpg ) , do you know if it tastes similar ? 
  so where exactly do you have muslims in danger of being ethnically cleansed on this map ? 
  i 'm happy i 've managed to convince you , 
  this is the first time i 'm hearing this !, 
  i 'm sure you have documents to back up what you 're saying , right ? 
   also tesla ? 
  who in the fuck even drives that ? 
  are n't they from the seventies ? 
  i 'm not blaming anyone . 
  i 'm saying the muslims in bosnia did not want to be ruled by serbs , because they were aware how awful the serbs treated their brethren across the drina . 
  you 're the one trying to find excuses and trying to move the conversation elsewhere . 
  do you know where tesla motors is located ? 
  here 's a hint : not in europe . 
  yes there are gas guzzlers but there are also eco-friendly and hybrid cars , and there 's much more variety on the american market than in europe . 
  also , they are cheaper than european cars . 
  you forgot to talk about the bio-tech industry , where europe is still in diapers compared to the us . 
  do you know where most of the world 's medical discoveries are made ? 
  hint : not in europe . 
  also : do you know where are the most english-language books published in the world ? 
  hint : not in europe . 
  but the eu loves to impose import tariffs on books , software and everything else , which is why we have a situation that a book costs $ 10 or $ 10 , despite the two currencies not being equal . 
  just a few years before ww1 the serbs conquered sanjak and macedonia and committed mass murder of muslims . 
  here 's another interesting news article : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6d/ny_times_massacre_of_albanians_1912.jpg i 'm not saying the serbs were n't pushed around in bosnia , but what you did to the muslims in serbia was much worse . 
  and the muslims in bosnia certainly did not want to be `` liberated '' by you . 
  americans are the world leaders in car manufactoring and biotech . 
  if those companies were let in the eu germany would lose its competitive edge in some of its key industries . 
  you know that those `` brethren '' included muslims who saw how serbs treated muslims just a year before , during the balkan wars . 
  they certainly did n't want to get `` liberated '' . 
  the germans were much happier when it was their companies investing into eastern europe and running the local businesses into the ground . 
  now when there 's a possibility that they 'll have to compete with companies that are equal or even better than theirs , suddenly they 're afraid of investors `` reversing laws '' ? 
  i mean i understand the germans are only looking after their own interests and they have the right to do so , but then they should n't have insisted so much on all this brotherhood and unity bullshit that they pulled with greece . 
  maybe other european countries would enjoy having access to quality canadian and american goods and services , and would n't have to depend on german ones . 
  i understand some of the references in the text , but he never actually says he 's talking about jews . 
  yes it 's safe . 
  you should know that austria and italy are considered `` difficult '' countries for hitchhiking , while slovenia is easy . 
  you should just stick to the highways and always stop on gas stations , it should be possible to get from austria to rome in two days . 
  you can sleep in a tent next to the gas station , just make sure the employees know . 
  if you do n't know yet , check you this website : http://hitchwiki.org and go to the maps section . 
  it has the popular hitchhiking stops , with people 's reviews etc , so you would know what to expect . 
  0-7 any news of riots breaking out ? 
  this post was originally made in 2006 i think , and has been reposted ever since ... 
   their sacrifices resulted in peace they directly contributed to the start of ww2 so no . 
  there 's this cake called [ fl\u00f3dni ] ( http://www.continentalhotelbudapest.com/write/upload/images/fldni.jpg ) which i think is not known elsewhere . 
  it 's of jewish-hungarian origin . 
  jewish foods are generally known as using every ingredient that is available and this cake is no different , it 's very complex and you need lots of ingredients . 
  the recipe is roughly this : make a usual portion of cake dough and split it into 5 parts . 
  usually you would split cake dough into two parts ( to go on the top and bottom of the cake ) , but here it 's 5 parts so each layer will be very thin . 
  there is no need to bake each layer separately . 
  so put the first layer of dough in a pan . 
  take 100g of dried apricots , 100g poppy seeds , some sugar and apricot jam and cook them in a separate dish , add some milk or water if needed . 
  it will turn into a thick paste , spread that on the dough . 
  put the second layer of dough on top . 
  the second layer is made of apples , cinnamon and cloves . 
  the third is chocolate and walnuts . 
  the fourth is made of dried prunes cooked in sugary water . 
  put the final layer of dough on top and bake it in an oven , it will be awesome !, 
  it takes a lot of work but it 's worth it . 
  here 's the recipe in english : http://www.saveur.com/article/recipes/flodni-apple-walnut-and-poppy-seed-pastry, 
  as a hungarian i see it as an awful place and prison of nations , although i know some people think differently . 
  some people think the austrians brought order and civilization , but a little research in our history always shows that they in fact destroyed what was genuinely native and replaced it with their system . 
  in the 16th century the habsburgs captured the western part of the country after the last native kind died fighting the turks . 
  then for the next 40 or so years they fought against the hungarian nobles , trying to establish themselves as rulers of the country , and left the turks to plunder the country . 
  those hungarians who were still independent were protestants so of course this did n't help calm the situation with the most catholic austrians . 
  to illustrate this , the protestant hungarians often allied themselves with the muslim turks against the habsburgs , because they hated them even more . 
  then came 150 years of almost constant fighting during which most of the population of the country died . 
  when the habsburgs finally conquered all of the country it was mostly empty swamps and marshlands , most of the cities and villages were depopulated . 
  they destroyed most of the fortresses so that the hungarians could not use them to rebel - this is why today we barely have any castles that are older than 300 years . 
  they continued to religiously opress the protestants so nowadays most hungarians are catholic . 
  latin was the official language of the state until the mid 19th century . 
  they crushed every rebellion and when they were n't strong enough they brought in others . 
  medieval pre-habsburg hungary was a multi-ethnic kingdom where everyone lived in peace and harmony . 
  the habsburg changed this by giving tiny privileges to the serbs , croats , romanians etc. 
  who were kept as loyal subjects that could always be used to crush a hungarian revolt . 
  in 1848 they were n't enough so they had to bring in the russians . 
  the habsburgs murdered the first prime minister of hungary and executed most of the generals . 
  the most famous poet also died in the fighting and many people had to flee abroad .
