  build a fence like hungary did , and see how soon romania will complain about the `` lack of unity '', 
  that 's not true and you know it . 
  orban explicitly said that the fence is not the solution to the problem , it 's only making it managable . 
  the solution is to take over the protection of greece 's border , since the greeks are not capable of doing it themselves . 
  then the migrants will get stuck in turkey and erdogan can say good-bye to visa liberalisation and aid which he is so arrogantly mocking now . 
  dig a tunnel to berlin so the immigrants do n't have to suffer at the hands of croatia 's nazi-fascist neighbours . 
   of the thousands who fled in 1956 to austria , 180,000 got the chance to resettle in 37 different countries and have a future there . 
  the hungarians applied for asylum and went to the countries that accepted them . 
  they did n't go to a country of their choosing . 
  he 's not going to be pm for long so he can do whatever he likes . 
  i think at this point he should go nuts and declare an absolute monarchy , or queueing in line to be illegal . 
  something to go into the history books !!, 
  it was like that when it arrived !, 
   any native latin speakers you know of ? 
  latin words in your post : native , latin , just , because , have as the guy above said , french , spanish etc. 
  are basically what latin is after 2000 years of evolution . 
  and there are thousands of new latin words , for example `` computer '' is one ... 
  nah , they were exciled after ww2 for killing too many non-germans . 
  their descendants mostly live around stuttgart today . 
  lots of people from yugoslavia migrated there in the 70 ` es , since the germans knew the local language and integration was easier . 
  there 's plenty of space in the desert . 
  in the 18th century , at the invitation of the habsburg emperor , many german colonists from the rhein region came to souther hungary to the region that is today split between serbia and romania . 
  at that time , the place was an uninhabitable , disease-ridden swampland . 
  through hard work , the colonists turned the place into one of the most fertile regions in europe , which it still is today . 
  so i have no doubt they could do the same in syria . 
  imagine visiting the few stones that will remain of palmyra and it 's all surrounded by lush vinyards and sunflower fields . 
  my reaction was to you saying :  far more than germany we have seen the example of what the arab countries did when there was a war in europe ( yugoslavia ) . 
  if germany would do the same , it would send military volunteers to attack non-christians . 
  even if germany did absolutely nothing , it would still be better than what the arab countries did . 
  my point is , just because the neighboring countries are forced to help arab refugees , it does n't mean their effort is comparable to that of germany or other european countries . 
  the arab countries are * forced * into the situation . 
  the european countries * voluntarily accept * to help . 
  it 's a different moral category . 
  they are * bordering * syria so it 's not like they have much of a choice . 
  back ~ ~ when iraq was a hellhole ~ ~ during the american occupation of iraq , syria also held up to a million iraqi refugees . 
  during the bombing of serbia in ' 99 , macedonia and albania had up to a million albanian refugees . 
  during the soviet invasion of afghanistan , iran had many millions of refugees . 
  does that mean all of these countries are saints ? 
  no , it means they are geographically located close to the conflict region , nothing more . 
  if they were saints , then back when there was a war in yugoslavia , you would 've had iran or jordan accepting christian refugees . 
  in fact , they provided the mujaheddeen volunteers that fought for the bosnian side . 
  what do you suggest kissinger should 've advised on doing in cambodia ? 
   do you honestly not mind i do mind . 
  that 's not the point . 
  what alternative exists today in hungary which would protect against the migrants , and also not be corrupt ? 
  msf were founded in europe and their headquarters still are in europe . 
  you want to be a cow herder in bulgaria ? 
  i think most of those buildings are quite beautiful . 
  if the communists had built the panel apartments like this then eastern european cities would 've been a lot more exciting . 
  which one of those is albania ? 
  they are not even in the same class as the citizens . 
  wow eastern roman empire was so much more densely populated, 
  i woke up at 4:45 and the moon was tiny and was n't red at all . 
  i feel cheated !, 
  yeah i just felt like trolling ... :p, 
   ounce you guys use a measurement system that was declared to be retarded 200 years ago . 
  why are you surprised about your election results ? 
  i think it 's continental , but on steroids, 
  during both the battle of lepanto and the siege of vienna , france was the ottoman empire 's ally . 
  good , there 's no need for another mafia state in the eu . 
  it will be bad when the uk leaves :(, 
  no idea how romania did it , or how the romanian elite allowed this to happen ... but it definitely would be great if it happened in hungary as well . 
  those were paid with eu development funds . 
  the 27 % vat is for building huge football stadiums for our world-famous national league . 
  the 40 % do n't count . 
  you need a 50 % turnout otherwise the teferendum is n't worth shit . 
  wrong , 60 % disagree with the question of the referendum and think the government should focus on more important issues . 
  also , the law says you need 50 % turnout for the vote to be valid . 
  welcome to reality . 
   a lot more people how many more ? 
  numbers please . 
  100 thousand more is not a lot , it 's 1 %, 
  you 're missing the point that the referendum is n't valid . 
  60 % boycotted it . 
  92 % of the 40 % of hungarian people are opposed . 
  we do n't know what the 60 % think , but we certainly can not say that the majority of hungarians oppose the quotas . 
  the point is that the majority have rejected the evil campaign of the government and/or have realized the referendum will have no consequences regardless of the result , and spent their sunday on something nicer . 
  hello , are you crazy ?!, 
  this is the text i received from the goverment . 
  it 's not my propaganda, 
   but the government should be allowed to campaign in a referendum i agree with you , but in this referendum there is no actual opposition in the campaign . 
  you barely see any billboard that is not by the government , and there are * no * billboards at all which urges people to vote for the other side . 
  the government has spent around 32 million euros ( a bit more than 3 eur/capita ) for its campaign . 
  currently , the only way the referendum would fail is if people do n't go out in enough numbers , but if they do , polls say it will be around 80 % `` no '' and 15 % invalid votes . 
  because people can move from one country to another for economic reasons . 
  this is the propaganda website of the government , unfortunately it 's in hungarian-only : http://kvota.kormany.hu/ i still suggest you go through it with google translate . 
  it might be shocking to find out what kind of brainwashing the people are going through right now . 
  it would 've been better if hungary did the same as greece and just let those people go forward to germany , without registering them . 
  that way , their `` first country '' would 've been germany and you would need to make up some other bullshit excuse why hungary has to accept those people back . 
  you thought wrong . 
  the migrants stopped coming when the macedonians also built a wall . 
  it happened so that this was at the same time as the turkey deal so the eu politicians could take the credit . 
  did you notice the fence some of those v4 countries have built which has effectively solved the problem for you ? 
   and greece is hungary 's border as well . 
  and how much support did they get for it : https://www.euractiv.com/section/global-europe/news/greek-minister-hungary-has-sent-nothing-not-even-a-blanket/ hungary has repeatedly stated that greece is not capable of defending its own border and that it should let the eu take over policing - which the greeks have refused . 
  on the other hand , the greeks did n't register migrants as they were supposed to do and instead let them go over to macedonia , a poor and small country . 
  they complained how they could n't do it because of the `` financial situation '' , but for some reason thought it would be okay to move the problem over to an even poorer country . 
  macedonia did indeed try to defend its own borders but could n't do it , and asked for help , which hungary and others have provided . 
  if greece does n't want to protect its own borders , then it should n't complain when others do . 
  also note : hungary and lithuania are poorer than greece .
