  i thought the french were the most productive/hour in the world , followed by the americans . 
  this is not true anymore ? 
   i can read ancient greek no problem that 's really interesting , i knew a guy that learned ancient greek and he said he could understand modern greek somewhat . 
  i think the biggest thing is the alphabet . 
  i ca n't understand hungarian from 1000 years ago because there was no unified script , so you ca n't know for sure how it 's supposed to be pronounced . 
  hungarian has [ two words for red ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_language#two_words_for_.22red.22 ) . 
  according to this wikipedia article one is used for inanimate things ( red box ) , while the other for things that evoke emotions ( red army ) . 
  germany gives language classes to immigrants for free , wish i had this when i was living in slovenia . 
   feudalism was shittier for us  then hungarians became unbearable , so we all turned to the habsburgs take your backward nationalist bullshit to croatian forums you asshole . 
  it was hungarian money that kept you alive when the turks arrived , otherwise you 'd be gone the way of the bulgarians and serbs . 
  and when finally they defeated us you kept on fighting together with us like brothers , you did n't turn to the habsburgs , you remained part of hungary until 1918 . 
  you were n't a sovereign state , you got conquered fair and square , just like scotland by the english , no one asked you to agree . 
  i 'm sorry if this hurts your nationalist pride . 
  and what the fuck is that shit about feudalism being worse for you than for the average hungarian ? 
  you think your suffering is somehow worse than someone elses ? 
  did n't read the rest of your ramblings so i wo n't comment that ... 
  because they 'll let the russkies have fun with you guys . 
  this . 
  the fundamental thing that is wrong with having a unified foreign policy is that today 's countries do n't have the same foreign relations with other countries due to their history . 
  the only way we can make all the countries `` think the same '' is by standardizing history books , so everyone learns the same thing , just like in the us . 
  then a generation later we can have a common foreign policy . 
  like someone mentioned , you ca n't be nice to russia if some of your members hate it . 
  maybe if all kids in school , in france , germany , lithuania , poland , all learned the same thing , then they could make a joint decision . 
   nor do we punish entire countries for the actions of a few terrorists go fuck yourself . 
  so the french will just give up on their interests in africa ? 
  i do n't think so ... 
   we are talking about attempts to influence political processes through its grants where 's the list of cases that prove such things occurred ? 
  awesome , the link you posted also has mohammed 's cartoon !, 
   ( or maybe that 's just some random muslim guy ? ), 
  the magazine 's website ( www.charliehebdo.fr ) is not working at the moment :(, 
  [ priceless ] ( http://i609.photobucket.com/albums/tt171/pyralink/terroistahole.jpg )  ) ), 
  http://www.reddit.com/user/diehard2 wtf he 's not even registered !, 
  omfg we should flood the muslim market with our flags !, 
  this will finally solve the financial crisis !, 
  socialist paradise of china, 
  i found a list of the large companies where i live on glassdoor.com . 
  they also have reviews and salaries which helps to decide somewhat . 
  you can also use google maps , there 's a function to list out all businesses for a specific city , for example all the notable software companies in aachen . 
  jobpilot.hu is probably a good way to find jobs in hungary , i never used them though . 
  the easiest way to actually * get * a job is to have a connection through linkedin , but if you do n't have that then i guess you can just spam all the relevant companies in the area with your cv . 
  yeah , well i can also speak canadianese !, 
  and i also speak the ancient language of the falkland islands * :p * freedom for malvinas !, 
  umm , what acceptable european vision are the current western politicians projecting ? 
  the federation that no one wants ? 
  and what it is that they are capable of ? 
  clearly the economic crisis is handled by merkozy/hollande , romania + bulgaria 's accession into schengen is blocked by the dutch government , there are still roaming costs when traveling to another eu country , there 's no unified blue card for skilled immigrants despite it being planned since 2005 , acta was defeated by public activism ... what is it that ** they ** , the capable politicians did ? 
  i was approached too , some guy thought he could speak russian but he could n't , 
  right , and during those 6 + months men go ahead in their career , while women get `` out of shape '' and need perhaps another 6 months to become 100 % productive . 
  i do n't know about nordic countries but i 'd expect a mother to stay with her child at least until she quits breastfeeding ( which is * minimum * 6 months ) . 
  in my personal experience men do n't use up all their parental leave , some because of ambition , others out of fear of losing their job ... 
  i 've no idea why so many people downvoted me , this is exactly why men get more power ... 
  i did n't pay anything ( other than the taxi fare to the embassy ) . 
  we also got free champagne after the ceremony . 
  how long after pregnancy will a woman go back to work ? 
   * viviane reding  * mario monti  * helle thorning-schmidt  * martin schulz  * guy verhofstadt  * olli rehn  * herman van rompuy  * barroso they are n't even trying to hide the fact that western europe dominates , and eastern europe serves . 
   donald tusk   his selection would also break new ground as the first commission president from one of the new member states of central and eastern europe that joined the bloc beginning in 2004 . 
  this is like electing the pope . 
  germans , italians , germans , italians , french , germans , italians , hey let 's put in a pole just for fun !, 
  germans , ... 
  women lead different lives than men . 
  for example , they might get pregnant , which means they 'll make a pause in their carreer while the men go forward . 
  it 's not like there 's a gang of men plotting to discriminate against women , i know that mixed offices are the best workplace [ [ link ] ( http://ezinearticles.com/?how-does-a-mixed-gender-workforce-help-your-business?&amp;id=4022432 ) ] , but you ca n't remove biological differences . 
  exactly , britain and france could n't occupy a modern country on their own , they 'd need american satelites and logistics to crush the partisan rebellions . 
  but then france and the uk do n't want to occupy countries cause they realize how expensive and pointless that would be . 
  and then you have to ask why are they spending so much money on their armies anyway . 
  i see that i offended 6 registered fanboys so far ... , 
  you 're saying that your views might not get published in those american journals because they 're not compatible with their worldview , but that has nothing to do with language and everything to do with america 's global power and prestige . 
  if the journal is perceived as bad by the majority of the community then they may turn to another journal , also in english , which may post articles that you agree with . 
  99 % of italians study english but 0 % learns it . 
  also , i see slovakia is cheating by using czech as foreign language . 
  by that criteria i can speak serbian , croatian , bosnian , montenegrin , \u0160oka\u010dki , bunjeva\u010dki and maybe a few other languages that are essentially the same . 
  this story sounds so familiar ... 
  if berlin does n't love me then i guess we have a love-hate relationship , 
  this shitty website requires me to register to read that article . 
  downvoted . 
  i 'm more optimistic and think it will happen sooner . 
  the last war ended 13 years ago , so the first generation that has n't experienced war are those 13 year old kids . 
  when they become ~ 25 they 'll have kids , and i think when those kids grow up they wo n't give a fuck about `` 1000 year old conflicts '' . 
  so , in 40 years ? 
   it is not an ordinary war serbs are not special , just ignorant of other peoples ' history . 
  transylvania is holy land to hungarians but you did n't see hungary vetoing romania 's accession into the eu or other international organizations . 
  instead , the two countries are the closest allies in many international disputes . 
  relations have improved a lot , i 've met ordinary romanians at concerts etc. 
  who were very happy when they heard i 'm hungarian . 
  the same will happen to serbia in a few decades . 
  hungary is ahead in this aspect by a generation or two , because ww1 happenned so long ago . 
  your grandsons will think of kosovo only as an interesting tourist destination . 
   its been speculated that the hy\u016bga class ships would be outfitted with vtol/stovl fixed-wing aircrafts , such as harriers or f-35 lightning ii [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ 1 ] [ 11 ] . 
  according to a pbs documentary , js hy\u016bga is the `` first japanese aircraft carrier built since wwii . 
  '' [ 12 ] go down to [ 12 ] to see the source for this claim . 
  there are 4 links there . 
  click on any of those links and search any of the articles mention that it 's capable of carrying aircraft such as harriers or f-35 . 
  none of them do . 
  whoever wrote that part was making up stuff just like you do right now . 
  japan has a shitty , * defensive * army incapable of conducting war without american help . 
  it 's deliberately done this way , not because japanese are somehow inferior , but because everyone agrees the japanese should never again become a military power . 
  everyone understands this , i do n't see what your problem is . 
  tldr : japan has no aircraft carriers . 
  they can not have them without changing their constitution . 
  they do n't have aircraft carriers , it goes against their constitution which prohibits offensive warfare .
