  i have you tagged as `` hates hungarians '' , i guess i was n't looking at the big picture of how you hate other ethnicities as well . 
  you should think about it , if more people think you 're xenophobic , then perhaps you actually * are * . 
  [ eurostats has a table ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php?title=file:half-yearly_electricity_and_gas_prices,_second_half_of_year,_2009-2011_\\ ( eur_per_kwh \\ ) . png & filetimestamp = 20130116115243 ) of electricity price changes between 2009-2011 . 
  on average the prices were going up . 
  long live space race !, 
  long live estonia !, 
  i 'm confused now ... are we talking about a disease or the jewish priests ? 
   if the state wanted to discriminate against hungarians it would n't have allowed the myriad of other signs in hungarian to stay up . 
  you still have n't looked at the dictionary have n't you ? 
   i 'm guessing it 's fairly inexpensive , even free , to take down a sign are you guessing that it 's less expensive than putting that sign back up ? 
  you do n't know if they did or did n't . 
  the fact is they did ask for a sign to be put up and the state replied they do n't have enough money for it . 
  the locals then gathered the money and put up the sign themselves , basically doing the state a favor . 
  why did the state then spend money on removing the sign ? 
  train stations are usually state property , meaning the state , not the city , did n't approve putting up that sign . 
  why would n't the state approve of putting up a sign in hungarian ? 
  why is it illegal to put up a sign in hungarian in a place which is 65 % ethnic hungarian ? 
  true , i am accusing the people that voted for that government . 
  they support discriminating minorities or at the very least are n't doing anything about it , and should be ashamed of themselves . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i have n't accused an entire * nation * . 
  read my post again . 
  you do n't get it , do you ? 
  i 'm not talking about what catalans do outside of catalonia . 
  i 'm saying they have their own autonomous region where they have special rights . 
  the hungarians in szekely land have no such special status because they do n't live in an autonomous region . 
  please , take a look at the dictionary what arbitrary means . 
  you clearly have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  look up the word `` arbitrary '' in the dictionary before you downvote me . 
  if the slovak government discriminates in one area , but not in another , and there does n't seem to be any logic why , then that 's called arbitrary discrimination . 
  it works in spain , italy , sweden , why not in romania ? 
  why is it unreasonable ? 
   but do n't they also have to take swedish language as a subject ? 
  the document says the swedish government tries to give the children the * opportunity * to learn swedish - meaning they 're not forced to take it if they do n't want to . 
  i specifically took sweden as an example because years ago i was arguing with a swede over the internets , basically saying what you 're saying now , and asked him a question if serb kids are allowed to learn all subjects in their own language ( expecting he 'll say no ) . 
  in turn he replied that of course they are , and found it barbaric that people would be forced to learn swedish if they did n't want to . 
  maybe some other swede from reddit could back me up on that again , although this thread is now pretty deep so probably no one will discover it . 
   you ca n't communicate with any national-level officials , for every tax letter that 's where you 're wrong . 
  if your minority rights are guaranteed then the national-level officials will have to communicate with you in * your * mother tongue . 
  serbia today is a pretty shitty place with regards to minority rights , but ~ 15 years ago it was different . 
  my birth certificate is in dual serb-hungarian languages , street signs were in dual , you could ask for a court interpreter if you did n't want to testify in serbian , and even today you can speak in hungarian in the provincial parliament . 
  unfortunately they 've been slowly curbing our rights in the past 10 years so many of this is not possible anymore ... before , serbia was not a nation-state despite how absurd it may sound , only since the 2006 constitution did it become the `` country of serbs '' . 
  to go back to a hypothetical level , in a country which respects minority rights you can fill out your tax form on a dual-language paper , you go to elementary and high school in your own language - and university if there are enough candidates - , your books , diploma and other documents are dual-language , you can appear in court and ask for an interpreter if you feel like it , you have tv and newspaper program in your own language financed by the government ... actually this is not hypothetical , this is what minorities in many countries enjoy , and what we had in yugoslavia some time ago . 
  and they would not become second rate citizens because of this . 
  for a hungarian living in a region with 90 % hungarians , and not wanting to go to bucharest , learning romanian is as useful as learning latin when you 're not planing to be a biologist , or learning advanced chemistry when you 're not planning to be a chemist . 
  it 's basically a waste of time , and you 'll probably not learn in good anyway cause there are no romanians to practice with . 
  no , i do n't see a difference . 
  if they allow hungarian signs in bus stations but not in train stations then that 's arbitrary discrimination . 
  what 's the reason why they ca n't put up signs on the train station ? 
  can you think of any ? 
  i was quoting from memory an article from a year ago when the residents of sturovo complained to the authorities about not having a hungarian sign on the train station and the authorities said there 's no money for it . 
  then the residents collected money and put up a sign themselves , a few days later it was taken down . 
  however i could n't find the actual story so i just linked the picture . 
  it was on index.hu iirc, 
  yes i would absolutely support the chinese or arab immigrants , or slovaks , not having to learn hungarian - if they do n't want to . 
  it 's discrimination having to * force * children to learn more than their peers just because of their ethnic background . 
  if the parents think it 's a good thing for the child to learn more languages - and most of them do - then there 's no problem . 
  but if the parents live in a region with a 90 % hungarian population and the parents think there 's simply no need to learn romanian because they never use romanian in business or otherwise , then the children should n't be forced to learn a useless language . 
  to turn it on the other side , if the 10 % romanians living in that region refuse to teach their children hungarian because they think `` this is romania , bozo !!! '', 
  then it 's their right to do so . 
  but the romanian parents are no better than the hungarian parents in a reversed situation . 
  to go back to the hypothetical chinese , if they can live a satisfying life in budapest by selling chinese food and cheap utensils , then for all i care they can live here for 1000 years and not learn hungarian . 
  just because they live in this country does n't mean they should be second rate citizens and forced to do more than ethnic hungarians . 
  also , learning hungarian/the majority language wo n't automatically mean they 're economically in a better position . 
  for example , if they learn english instead they might get a better job than an average hungarian who speaks fluent hungarian but does n't speak english . 
  wow it 's alma in persian too ? 
  and why is german apfel in the same group as slavic jabolka ? 
  it sounds completely different . 
  i love these maps , i hope someone makes a map for `` apple '', 
  i was in gaziantep a couple of years ago and visited a museum which showed scenes from 1919 . 
  the french and the arabs wanted to conquer the city so it would become part of syria , on the other hand you had the turks ( not sure if ataturk was involved in that battle ) . 
  after a fierce resistance the french eventually won and took over the city . 
  however , because later in that year ataturk won victories on other fronts and the french saw how difficult it was for them to capture gaziantep in the first place , which still had a hostile population , they eventually gave it back to the turks . 
  now imagine if the romanians wanted to take over for example marosvasarhely , a 99 % hungarian place , and the population had actually resisted ? 
  that did n't happen , and actually such resistance never happened anywhere . 
  like i said , not even the commies could n't find enough volunteers to fight when the romanians were already on the tisza shores . 
  the future borders were * not * decided because romania surrendered to the axis and so it violated its agreement with the entente . 
  the hungarian-romanian war is a completely separate issue from ww1 , where the romanians conquered hungary without any resistence . 
  hungary had perhaps 2 million conscripted ethnic hungarians just months before the romanians crossed the carpathians , and all those people vanished into thin air and were n't willing to defend their homes . 
  in fact i believe that many of them believed the worker 's revolution was around the corners and nations wo n't matter anymore . 
  this is why they got defeated by some 100-150 thousand romanian infantrymen . 
  hungarian historiography really should be revisioned to include more details about this war and the attitude of the people , instead of blaming it all on the entente . 
  perhaps some side-notes should be added comparing how the turks did n't fuck up while in the same situation . 
  you know today we learn that the reason why the battle of mohacs was lost in the 16th century was because the nobles were fighting amongs each other , ie . 
  it was basically our own fault . 
  perhaps in a few hundred years we 'll learn the same about trianon . 
   what hungary in 1914 ? 
  excuse me ? 
  that 's not a good argument , because turkey was at war too since the start and they found themselves in the exact same situation as hungary . 
  they had to fight off the french and arabs in syria , the greeks on the aegean coast and also near trabzon , they also had to fight the various caucasian peoples , but the point is they did fight . 
  otherwise today izmir and trabzon would be greece , kurdistan would be syria , and i 'd guess istanbul would be some kind of austria . 
  in the movie [ no man 's land ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0283509/ ) the guy looks at the sticker on the landmine and reads `` made in eu '', 
   i live 30km away from that town do you speak hungarian ? 
  i have a serb friend who knows to say hello and `` i want to fuck with you in the corn field '' in hungarian and that 's good enough for me , at least he shows some respect by learning basic phrases . 
  if on the other hand you do n't know even that much then you ca n't demand from anyone to learn your language . 
  he 's a holocaust * denier * . 
  maybe if he sees auschwitz with his own eyes he 'll believe it . 
  and anyway he needs to write reports to a shrink who will verify if he 's telling the truth . 
  this is true . 
  for a long time i was buying into the story of how there is this injustice brought upon the hungarians by the evil entente , that we were trying to fight but we could n't fight against the whole world ... when the truth is the hungarians did n't fight at all .
