  according to wikipedia they have  four helicopter destroyers ( `` helicopter carriers '' ) stop making shit up . 
  shit , and i remember just weeks ago when i looked at the $ 1.2 exchange rate and was happy i changed all my euros to dollars a year ago at $ 1.34, 
   japan 's strong navy is this some kind of trolling ? 
  the japanese navy is incapable of functioning without the us navy providing basic services like refueling . 
  the reason why the chinese do n't attack japanese islands ( or taiwan ) is the presence of the us navy there . 
  the ai should have tentacle arms to punish those that defy its orders . 
   outperform germany , and the * rest of europe * hungary emits less co2/capita than france . 
  i ca n't find the news article , anyway it was some 5 or 10 years ago . 
  a guy from the ukraine or belorussia arrives to sweden , the next day he kills some guy with an axe so he could spend time in prison . 
  you should probably be aware of this case , since i was first told about it by a swedish guy . 
  then they changed the law to deport such criminals back to their home country . 
  east asians do come to europe usually to study or gain some work experience , but they return to their home country in much greater numbers than africans . 
  probably because it 's part of their culture to support their families , and maybe cause they ca n't stand paying taxes for you swedish assholes :p, 
   make separate punishments for ethnic northerners and people who come from the south ? 
  we want to integrate them , not alienate them . 
  it 's like you * do n't want to * understand what the problem is . 
  ** your prisons provide a better life than what many third world countries can provide for free men . 
  ** people from those countries are motivated to come to your countries and commit a crime so they can enjoy free food , comfy bed , gym , library , internet , which they can not have otherwise . 
  what you said about segregating prisons is not a bad idea . 
  send swedes and other `` peaceful '' ( educated ? ), 
  immigrants to one kind of prison , and the rest send to american-style prisons . 
  some countries ( slovenia for example ) have a separate work and residence permit . 
  you may get a residence permit only if you fulfill some conditions , for example by having a work permit . 
  so technically , if you came from the uk and stayed longer than x days without a residence permit , then you could get in trouble . 
  if you were from a schengen member country then you could stay without worry for 3 months . 
  of course , it 's impossible to determine when you arrived to slovenia so you would n't have this problem . 
  also , the uk probably has a separate treaty with slovenia to regulate this problem . 
  howeber , it 's possible that romania does n't , and unemployed romanians can be deported . 
  i believe it 's the same thing what happenned with the gypsies in paris . 
  had they been from schengen member states then the french probably would n't be able to deport them . 
  the [ cvm says ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/cvm/docs/com_2012_410_en.pdf ) that romania has reached the desired level and now needs to maintain it . 
  technically they can `` maintain it '' indefinitely and the netherlands can say `` yeah just a bit longer , we 're still not convinced '' ... 
  hungary 's friends are wherever there are hungarian minorities + germany . 
  i 'm surprised that ukraine is n't on the list , though . 
  they 're big nationalists though, 
  can someone provide a link how much money is each eu country contributing to the greek or other loan ? 
  because i remember a news article some time ago which said that i ( as a slovenian tax payer ) contributed around 500 euros to greece , so i know it 's not just germany footing the bill , but all the talk is about poor germany having to pay etc. 
  i understand that they pay the most because they have the largest economy , but what about per capita and with ppp counted in ? 
  from what i know about byzantine history , even the peloponnesos had a majority slavic population until the 9th century . 
  it 's impossible that the greeks remained `` pure '' , it 's more likely that todays greeks have nothing in common with alexander the great , the same way as the slavic macedonians do n't . 
  haha they downvoted you too !, 
  hahaha and i remember just weeks ago when the french posters on / r/europe were saying how the rich will stay in france due to patriotic reasons  ) ), 
  inb4 the greeks start explaining how it 's a huge offense to them that macedonians call themselves macedonians, 
  while i studied in serbia , we had an option to donate blood during the january exam season ( which is thus called the `` bloody season ''  ) , and in return you could go out on any exam without paying ( otherwise you pay like 2 eur/exam for administration costs ) . 
  so if you go out on 5 or more exams you can save a nice little sum . 
  other than that , i also got : * a sandwitch * a t-shirt that says `` give blood ! '', 
  * a red booklet which in theory lets me go to the doctor without waiting in line , in practice this never works * i got a diploma on my birthday saying `` thank you , good friend of humanity '' so yeah i think it 's worth giving blood in serbia , 
  yes it should . 
  it 's not something most people want to hear but if some asshole hates black people then it 's his right to speak about it . 
  you also have the right not to listen to him , not read his newspaper , not watch his tv ... 
  looking at the border changes of hungary during the ottoman occupation , i 'm still amazed how hungarians exist today knowing that the borders were constantly depopulated of every living thing . 
  i see tver is bigger than you :p, 
  that 's their parents complaining about the good old days and these young people being stupid enough to actually believe it . 
  i 've read about how there was a similar phenomenon in the soviet union during the 80 ` es . 
  young people complained how under stalin everyone got to buy a washing machine for 5 kopeks ( or some ridiculously low sum ) . 
  and while that was true , the truth is there were no washing machines in the stores so you could n't get one , but hey , it cost only 5 kopeks , who cares about the negative side, 
  hungary in 1990 richer than yugoslavia ? 
  umm ... no ? 
  i actually was old enough to remember how poor the hungarians were when we visited them ( from yugoslavia ) . 
  something important happened in april, 
  why ? 
  you 're not special , you 're european just like everyone else . 
  you are [ a liberal cosmopolitan ] ( http://www.politicaltest.net/test/result/153700/ ) . 
  4 percent of the test participators are in the same category and 71 percent are more extremist than you . 
  that 's like saying calling slovakia slovakia is offensive because it used to be core hungarian territory . 
  no , calling slovakia `` upper hungary '' is offensive nowadays , which is how it should be . 
  the only reason why you 're still allowed to bully that small country to your north is because you entered nato and the eu first , and macedonia is insignificant so nobody cares . 
  just like finland . 
  greeks need to enter the 21st century and stop being so racist . 
  i think they do n't have good relations with any of their neighbors . 
  they 're afraid of albanians whom they consider to be savages , they hate the macedonians and are offended if you call their country macedonia and not skopia , they hate the bulgarians and think they 're better than them , and of course they hate the turks for stealing their ancient territories . 
  plus they hate the germans for the austerity and hate the americans probably cause that 's what 's popular nowadays . 
  i have rarely seen a nation so filled with hatered as the greeks . 
  source : talking with random greeks during my visit two weeks ago . 
  berlin is the best city in germany , stop badmouthing it !, 
  it sounds like e in all the surrounding languages : http://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%8b it is the e sound used in standard hungarian that is different from the neighboring languages , it 's wide and long , like in englih `` fat '' . 
  \u00cb is short like in `` red '' . 
  i 'm not sure if there 's a rule when is one used and when another , examples : m\u00ebgkeresni , \u00ebgy , s\u00ebnki ... 
  the lj sound used to exist in hungarian but not anymore , this is why today you pronounce j and ly the same way . 
  we still pronounce it although i remember we learned in school that we should n't . 
  due to serb influence we can pronounce words with no nouns  for example smrt , krst , trg ... 
  while working in the south of france i asked a coworker from paris how she feels here and she said all people are weird and talk funny , 
  what does it mean ? 
   we use `` ge '' do you pronounce that as ( clears throat ) `` hhhe '' ? 
  no  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1galxfnbwvy, 
  i never really understood this , but yeah i did hear about it . 
  i think it 's because of the \u00eb sound , you do n't open your mouth as much , so ( i imagine ) the words sound more like murmuring to people from budapest  and since e 's make up like 70 % of all nouns in hungarian then it 's a big difference . 
  what about bicikli ? 
  i 'm from serbia and speak a different dialect of hungarian that 's spoken in hungary . 
  they say it 's somewhat similar to the dialect spoken in western hungary , but i 've been there and do n't think it 's true . 
  the dialect spoken in the east near the romanian border is what i find the closest . 
  the differences are : we have two additional sounds that do n't exist in standard hungarian ( the \u00eb and the lj ) , we use some ancient words that are n't used so much ( bicikli vs ker\u00e9kp\u00e1r , which is just a direct translation from bicycle ) and we also use a lot of serb words without knowing they are n't hungarian . 
  like i said , when we traveled to the east of hungary we were understood without problems , but when we go to budapest we always get the retarded question `` you 're not hungarians are n't you ? '', 
  and once a girl at an information desk even told us `` sorry i do n't speak english '' when we asked her in plain hungarian where shop xxx is . 
  as far as i understand the people who speak the budapest dialect think we speak like peasants . 
  on the other hand , people from my area think the budapest dialect is gay , in the same way when americans say `` i feel thupel '' , 
  [ this guy trying to use the mouse ] ( http://imgur.com/svfqq ) edit : fixed the link, 
  for serbia there 's [ b92 's english version ] ( http://www.b92.net/eng/ ) which is pretty good , they translate most of the important articles and even the comments are in english . 
  maybe the muslims in romania blend in better with their surroundings . 
  just like how you ca n't tell a bosniak from a serb or croat .
