  after about 1 month i noticed i do n't have an odour anymore ( people sweat all the time due to humidity , but they do n't stink ) . 
  i also lost some weight but was n't hungry . 
  overall i could say that the food there was more beneficial to me than what i ate in europe , and when i came back home i continued eating similar food since . 
  when i came back to europe i went to a chinese restaurant and was shocked at the size of the meal they gave me , it was like 3 normal rations that you 'd get in vietnam or thailand . 
  it took some time to get used to it , i guess you need to speed up your metabolism or something to ingest that amount of food . 
  what girl * would n't * want her pussy to be grabbed by trump ? 
  i do n't know . 
  in this video he just looks like a typical 70 year old grandpa . 
  puffs air . 
  does n't feel too great . 
  i would n't call him awkward . 
  it was n't a graffiti in the sense that some random people painted it . 
  it was drawn by remed and two other artists , and financed by the city and a swiss art club . 
  what happened here is vandalism ( destroying remed 's work , not the dick graffiti ) . 
  turks talking about being victims of christians ? 
  ha ha ha ha ha, 
  nah , they will just let them go north/west and have someone else take care of them ... just like they did 2 years ago . 
  it does n't matter if you admit it or not , it still was a forceful annexation . 
  hungary only agreed to give you the territory because it lost the war and was forced ( note the word : * forced * ) to sign the treaty . 
  that 's why it was a forced annexation . 
  you can fabricate history all you want , no one in the world believes you . 
  you 're not responding to my claims , you 're just attacking . 
  the fact you annexed arad and explicitly denying the citizens from having a referendum means there was no `` reunion '' , only a violent and forceful occupation and annexation of a territory that did n't want to be ruled by you . 
  that is all that matters . 
  do n't involve other events not relevant to this subject . 
  muahhaha http://www.theopapa.hu/pix/etlap/_big/225.jpg only 4 $ for a large hawaii pizza , you know you want it !, 
  fine , i 'll call it forceful annexation because that 's what it was . 
  people in cities like arad which always had a large hungarian majority were never asked if they want your `` union '' . 
  and you were n't `` always '' the majority . 
  that 's just bullshit ceausescu fairytale . 
  checkmate , netherlands !, 
  so what you 're saying is , had hungary a better assimilation program and in 1918 only 18 % were romanians , * then * it would 've been an annexation ? 
  but 55 % is not annexation , it 's a reunion . 
  so at what point does annexation become a reunion ? 
  i do n't see what fair has got to do with anything here . 
  i said it was a forced annexation . 
  you said it was a reunion . 
  clearly it was a forced annexation because hungary lost the war and was forced to give some territory to romania . 
  who gives a fuck whether it was fair or not . 
  also , hungary never invaded romania since romania did n't exist until 1890 or something . 
  but if we follow your example above , and i just replace `` slovakia '' with `` romania '' and `` 200 '' with `` 100 '' :  in 1918 , romania invades 40 % of hungary and keeps it for ~ 100 years . 
  after 100 years there are ~ 1 million hungarians in occupied territory and following political instability in romania they decide to unite with hungary even though romanian constitution does n't allow secession . 
    is that fair or are the romanians wrong and that territory belongs to hungary ? 
  those are your words . 
  i do n't really care . 
   it does far better than many eu members economically turkey is definitely a relatively rich country , not to mention istanbul . 
  but on a national level , it 's similar to bulgaria , the poorest country in the eu . 
  so there 's still a long way ahead before you can boast about being a great economic power . 
  orban sees that erdogan can get away with much more , so he is also pushing the boundaries . 
  this will continue until a greater power bitchslaps hungary , then it wo n't happen for a while . 
  that 's one of the reasons why the eu is developing its own gps system too , so it would n't have american , chinese or any other backdoors . 
   of course you did n't had anything about secession in your constitution so you admit it was an annexation ? 
  yeah i 'm an idiot for going into this discussion in the first case . 
  i do n't give a shit about transylvania , i 'm just provoked when someone claims as fact the exact opposite of what i `` know '' as fact . 
  in the background someone is laughing and eating popcorn . 
  are you even trying to argue with facts or you can only provoke and write bullshit ? 
  transylvania had no authority to decide to unite with any country . 
  there was no such thing in the constitution of hungary . 
  the only way it could unite with romania was through forced annexation . 
  and let 's not even go into hungarian cities outside of transylvania that were also annexed . 
  do you think nagyvarad/oradea which had 90 % hungarian population also `` decided '' to `` reunite '' romania ? 
  you say reunion , but when was there a union earlier in history ? 
  and it was an annexation because romania annexed hungarian territory , it 's that simple . 
  hungary did n't gift it , it was taken away from it . 
  for more information look up the definition of the word annexation . 
  anyway i do n't gove a shit about your numbers . 
  the event was the worst tragedy for hungarians ever since the battle of mohacs in the 16th century , and you guys are celebrating it . 
   wanted to annex parts of it ? 
  they wanted and they * did * annex it . 
  they took 103.000 km ^ 2 . 
  to put it into context , today 's hungary is 92.000 km ^ 2 . 
  they took more territory than was left over to hungary in the end . 
  not to mention the 2 million hungarians living on that territory . 
  so it 's not like it 's a tiny part that we should just forget about and play like nothing happened . 
  it 's much easier for the romanians to congratulate to the hungarians on their national holiday . 
  as far as the romanians are concerned , 1848 was about them supporting the habsburgs , and then the habsburgs fucking them over as usual once the war was over . 
  on the other hand , i do expect the hungarian diplomats to play professionally and at least congratulate the romanians on their national holiday . 
  because that 's what they are paid to do . 
  if they act like retards then it reflects badly on hungary , which is exactly what happened . 
  unfortunately , hungary has an imbecile for a foreign minister who only got into the position because his tongue was deep in orban 's asshole , not because he has any qualifications to do that job . 
  i 'm embarrassed to admit this , but if you search on youtube for `` szijjarto interview '' then you can find many statements of that man that are on the same level of intelligence as erdogan 's recent outbursts . 
  were n't the slovaks on the same side in 1848 ? 
  i seem to remember the slovaks and hungarians were together , while the croats , serbs and romanians were on the habsburg side . 
  yesterday i learned that the netherlands is the largest eu investor in turkey as well . 
  why is netherlands investing so much everywhere ? 
  they have so much money to throw around ( compared to eg . 
  you go to work in order to get money and in exchange you subject yourself to whatever rules you agreed with the employer . 
  when you go to a parliament you are there to represent the people that voted for you , and if your electorate wants you to call women dumb then that 's what you 're supposed to do . 
  the electorate is paying taxes , they are providing your salary . 
  if you 're unable to do your job because the majority oppresses you , then you 're a ) doing a bad job , b ) your electorate is being oppressed or c ) both, 
  the parliament 's rules are not set in stone and he can try and change them as long as he wants . 
  there is no need for drastic measures like poland leaving the eu , and the parliament should be open for discussion and reform . 
  the parliament sanctioning him for going outside the norm effectively means that the people that elected him have been stripped of their representation . 
  so you may ask , if they are not represented anymore , why the fuck should they keep on paying their taxes ? 
  let 's hope mexico has enough cash to pay for all these walls . 
  cases like this happen from time to time and shows you the current state of freedom of speech . 
  currently , there is no freedom if you 're saying things which are deemed `` unacceptable '' by the mainstream society . 
  everyone who supports the oppression of someone 's freedom should not complain when his own freedom is quashed in turn . 
  hahaha you actually got angry !, 
  i 'm not saying that it wo n't cause problems , only that greece can ( or at least , should ) survive without having to export stuff to turkey .
