  in budapest you have night buses with 2 or more guards , so it 's quite safe . 
  the metro and h\u00c9v ( similar to rer ) only go till midnight but i 'm not forced to take a taxi because there are the night buses . 
  germany shut down its nuclear plants which only increases its reliance on russia . 
  until the attitude towards nuclear plants changes i do n't think there will be any difference . 
  looks like ducat was popular in those times . 
  i wonder why it does n't exist anymore ? 
  well , if we look at that [ article about the istrian regional movement ] ( http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/istrijanstvo ) :  istrijanstvo je ... pokret ... izmi\u0161ljen radi smanjivanja broja hrvata  istrianism is ... a movement ... invented for reducing the number of croats it 's funny you have people that can write that with a straight face  ) ), 
  [ r\u0151zsepecsenye ] ( http://i.imgur.com/asm7c2v.jpg ) * and lots of beer ^ ( * pork , bacon , potato , cut into stripes , baked together with vegetables ), 
  yes it should be the same for everyone . 
  i was replying to this comment by criticalstories :  but allowing them to vote ? 
  nah , come on !, 
  you might be interested in my opinion as one of those dual-citizenship hungarians ? 
  it was under the hungarian left that the 2004 referendum happened and i guess it had no effect at all on your life , but it did on the lives of the people that did n't get citizenship back then . 
  so even if someone would n't want to vote for fidesz because he 's , let 's say , a leftist , it 's difficult to vote for someone that campaigned against you . 
  so people would rather abstain than vote for the left . 
  and you should n't worry , the voter participation will probably be around 10 % or less . 
  the other side of the argument is , why can the hungarians who are living in london vote ? 
  they do n't live in hungary , so why should they have more rights ? 
  auchan and when i lived in another country it was leclerc . 
  yes they 're both french but i think it 's just a coincidence . 
  i go there for the good selection of quality food and drinks , which other supermarkets do n't have . 
  lidl = hofer = penny market sells cheap crap , tesco is so-so but the meat they sell literally smells like shit , interspar is expensive , cba is expensive , coop does n't have much of a selection ... that 's all i could think of . 
  yes it 's lame . 
  but you have this same law in slovakia for years and no one is complaining about it , except the hungarians who ca n't speak in their own mother tongue . 
  it looks like belgium is taking ideas from eastern europe , too bad it 's not the good ideas ... 
  olivetti still exists as part of telecom italia i think , in any case they still produce computers . 
  proof : there 's one running on my desk as my server machine . 
  a few more years + policemen getting stabbed , and they wo n't be bothered anymore, 
  the author is too pessimistic . 
  the usa may be behind poland and other countries , but it can count on polish immigrants contributing to its economy , while poland can count on those smart people moving elsewhere . 
  this is why i disagree with the author that maths results are an indicator of future prosperity . 
  here 's a list : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/programme_for_international_student_assessment#historical_tables, 
  denmark seems to be unusually large , it 's almost as large as italy . 
  most people do n't know this but bulgaria was not at war with the ussr , the red army invaded it anyway . 
  this monument celebrates invaders . 
  well i have n't been to that many restaurants but i 've never given tip . 
  i pay by card whenever possible ( or with szep card when eating lunch at work ) so they do n't even get the benefit of rounding up . 
  once i was at a restaurant aimed at foreign tourists and they 've added 800 forints and listed it as `` food '' . 
  the entire bill was around 4000 forints so if it 's a tip it would be 20 % which is offensive to be ignored , so i went to the waiter and asked what that is . 
  he said it 's `` for them '' . 
  i asked what it is for them , i did n't order for them . 
  then the guy got offended and something like `` we need to live too '' but eventually gave back the money . 
  so i think it 's only restaurants where foreign tourists go that add these tips , but it 's more like stealing since they have n't listed it as tip and it 's also very high . 
  it depends on the country . 
  `` large '' countries like france , germany or italy require you to know their language because their clients are not international so they do n't need to speak a different language . 
  i knew that the french were anal about their language but i always thought the germans were more open , until i looked at some job ads and saw they were all in german . 
  i talked to a recruiter and she said it 's difficult to find a job if you do n't speak german . 
  `` smaller '' countries which rely on international trade will be more forgiving if you do n't speak the native language , this includes the netherlands , sweden , finland , switzerland , malta , slovenia ... 
  are you angry because of the millions of italians that left for the us instead of improving your country ? 
  so last year some kids went there and made a lot of money , went back to bulgaria , told all their friends , and this year there 's a 35 % increase . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  we had this in yugoslavia since commie times . 
  you do n't go to the store to buy beer without beer bottles . 
  sometimes they wo n't even want to sell you beer , or they 'll charge you a very high fee for the bottles . 
  you guys really do n't recycle at all ? 
  do n't you have those separate bins for paper , glass etc ? 
  even serbia has those . 
  i ca n't believe you recycle 0 %, 
  again , that can be done locally , by storing the keywords in cookies . 
  so if you 've been receiving a lot of messages about photography , the number of photography keywords stored in your local browser will be higher and you 'll receive that kind of ads . 
  there 's no need to store anything on google 's servers . 
  if you clean your browser 's cache then the ads will be reset . 
  at least that 's how i * think * it works ( you can always do an experiment ) . 
  i 've read some document about this several years ago where they said what i said above . 
  it might 've changed in the meantime although i have n't heard about it . 
  the profile is not `` sitting there '' , it 's being created on-the-fly when you read your email . 
  a javascript ( which runs in * your * browser ) scans the email you 're reading , collects keywords and sends that to google , which based on the keywords returns a couple ads for you . 
  no one but you knows what the content of your email is . 
  google only knows some keywords , and those keywords are not being stored anywhere ( at least that 's what they say , but even if they are being stored , it still does n't mean they 've read your private email ) . 
  i used to be a migrant worker and it sucks , but you can handle it when you 're in your 20s . 
  i do n't think i could do it again now . 
  you 're tied to your employer , if he has a bad day you have to tolerate it no matter what because if you get fired you 'll pack your bags and go home . 
  it already took months of effort , lots of money and patience to get here , so it 's better to suck it up and live out the 5 years necessary to get your permanent residence or citizenship . 
  if you get fired after 4,5 years you can start the whole thing all over again . 
  the realization that you may become an emotional wreck in the process is what drives many people to give up and go home . 
  of course , i 'm talking about non-eu migrant workers . 
  people from eastern europe within the eu have it so much better . 
  in case of serbia , many people do build villas and then come home when they retire . 
  it does n't pay off to come back earlier , not just because of the money , but because in serbia you will be treated like shit by the government . 
  if you 've lived in the eu for a few years you got used to order , stability , hygiene , less corruption , less crime , and it 's annoying to come home and realize * again * what a shithole you grew up in . 
  the realization happens as soon as you cross the border , when the train slows down to 20 km/h because the tracks have not been maintained for several decades . 
  such is life, 
  those are all great places to visit but florence ? 
  that 's the most boring place on earth . 
  i guess it 's kind of like the pisa tower , it has a lot of visitors cause everyone wants to take a picture of holding the tower . 
  but other than that , it 's utterly uninteresting . 
  i 'm guessing he would be singled out for being gipsy by his white classmates ? 
   josefov so will you go to brutal assault tomorrow ? 
  or we can do chinese provinces ... what do you know about qinghai ? 
  they have some sort of political union with russia , almost like they 're the same country except ruled by different dictators . 
  serbia under milosevic wanted to join this union but then we overthrew him and the idea was canned . 
  but thanks to milosevic we can still go to belorussia visa-free ( but they ca n't come to us i think ) . 
  they build good traktors . 
  half of the chernobyl affected area is in belorussia . 
  behemoth * is * polish , they ca n't be banned from their own country . 
  you probably think they 've been excommunicated from the catholic church . 
   moscow authorities accepted / ratified bill to destroy the only hindu temple ( dedicated to krishna ) in the city . 
  but why ? 
  that 's northern europe . 
  it was 40 degrees here yesterday .
