  until then , the majority of people believed that there has been a national uprise against the corrupt bourgeoise government , that the people voted for the bolsheviks in the elections ... 
  when the truth is , the bolsheviks lost on the only democratic election they allowed , and the storming of the royal palace was done by a handful of thugs specifically organized for this thing . 
  the `` people '' did n't participate in it . 
  anyway , read the book , it 's all there ... 
   communist regimes were authoritarian and commit many crimes - but so did monarchies over the last centuries there 's an interesting picture of a paper containing stalin 's signature . 
  it 's an order to execute some 5000 people - more than what the tzarist regime executed in 100 years . 
  just one paper , among many ... 
   for everyone except the capitalists, 
   under italian law , people over 75 who are sentenced to less than two years do n't have to actually serve their term behind bars . 
  berlusconi is 76 . 
  hahahaha, 
  next thing you know ponta calls him on the phone today asking for help to lead the country, 
  that does n't sound very democratic now does it ? 
  why not have a general voting with some criteria restricting who can vote ( eg . 
  has to be a / r/europe member at least for a year ) like i said , i 'm happy with most of the mods , but i did n't expect this to go down so undemocratically , not in this subreddit anyway ... 
  yes those were the nominations . 
  when did the ** voting ** occur ? 
  i do n't know much how is it taught in hungary , but i know they made some changes so now physical education classes happen * every day * . 
  probably because we 're the fattest country in europe with the lowest life expectancy . 
  i 'm happy with most of the mods that got voted in , but when did the voting happen ? 
  did i miss it ? 
  i do n't think so cause i 'm here almost every day ... so was there a public voting at all ? 
  do you have tesco in romania ? 
   cash how will you prove to the tax office that you received x amount of money last year ? 
   paypal how would i get my money from paypal ? 
   bitcoin i 'm not 20 anymore . 
  also , same problem as paypal . 
   tangible items you mean like my company gives me a gold necklace or some furniture , and then i have to sell that to buy food ? 
  ok makes sense , but what will i tell the tax office ? 
   you do n't have to work for someone in an utopia , i really would n't have to work for anyone . 
  but today 's societies are maintained by taxes , paid by myself , and i have to work + pay taxes if i do n't want wild horsemen to burn my village and take away my wife . 
   yes they do . 
  you do n't have to have a bank account . 
  please tell me how will my employer pay me ? 
  asian food or [ semolina + milk ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lbva345pfa1qd7a2no1_500.jpg ) or bread and sausages or [ this ] ( http://mindmegette.hu/lapokkepek/receptgaleriak/10000/10704_reteges-tepertos-pogacsa_n.jpg ) ( with greaves ), 
  i hope free trade with colombia will mean cheaper bananas . 
  on the cheap end , a bag of chips costs 40 cents , a chocolate bar ( not snickers but something domestic made ) is 23 cents , dried soup is i think expensive but you can buy those little cubes , 10 cubes in a package , it should n't cost more than 2 eur ( do n't know cause i do n't eat that ) , jam is around 1,4 eur but i think it changes seasonaly . 
  i can actually tell you how much my wife and i spend on food per month since i track all my expenses . 
  in february we spent $ 278 for all the food , and i think we eat quite healthy ( low fat , lots of fresh veggies , tofu , couscous etc ) . 
  the cost also includes the beer . 
   what should i eat ? 
   eggs  mushrooms/onions sauteed in bacon drippings are you ... kidding me ? 
  you do n't see anything wrong with that there ? 
  healthy food is not really expensive ... let 's see , current prices in hungary . 
  1 apple = 10 cents 1 block of tofu ( 4 meals ) = 1,15 eur 1 kg rice ( 20 meals ) = 1 eur plus some onions ( 7 cents pc ) , cabbage ( 0,5-1 eur ) and some spices and you can eat chinese food for a week . 
  actually i calculated that if i buy 1 kg of chickpeas ( 3 eur ) , 100g of coriander ( 0,5 eur ) , a little bit of oil , some salt and flour for the pita , i could eat falafel for a whole month !, 
  in theory it 's healthy and you 'd spend less than 5 eur per month for your food . 
   adding about 20 cents to a small bag of potato chips . 
  the tesco chips i 'm currently eating cost around 40 cents . 
  it says it was made in romania . 
  so chips cost 20 cents in romania ? 
  since when is rice unhealthy and meat healthy ? 
  what have you been smoking ? 
  yeah you guys never even made an effort to translate our cities properly . 
  or you can just slay a gnome and hopefully he 'll drop one of those items . 
   not to mention surnames did n't exist until the end of the middle ages . 
  it 's only in recent years that they have received more significance . 
  i think they existed to some extent , for example look at the rulers of the period : richard the lionhearted , red-bearded fridrich , louis the lazy , louis the fat , louis from overseas ... 
  it 's safe to assume that common people called each other that names as well . 
  after some time the name sticked to their family and it became their family name . 
  in other cultures ( swedes , russians ) fathers pass their own name down as the family name , so eric 's son becomes ericsson ( no idea what happens to eric 's daughter ) . 
  i do n't see an enter key ... 
  or maybe it 's time to reduce work hours to 6 hours per day , so that everyone could have a job . 
  also , instead of exporting manufacturing jobs to china , they should be kept in europe and be done by robots . 
  that 's what was supposed to happen if globalization had n't arrived first ( of course , then china would probably still be poor so it 's a question how fair is it to be super rich while the remainder of the world is poor ) . 
  awesome !, 
  it translates to real life as well . 
  when you 're poor/beginner you can only afford to buy lvl1 weapons , but later as you progress and kill more enemies you can buy lvl20-50 items as well . 
  i 've no idea but i have a theory . 
  hungarian last names , like many other european names , mean something , like `` little '' , `` big '' , `` croatian '' , etc. 
  so if you say `` big joe '' it makes more sense than saying `` joe big '' . 
  actually , why are european names reversed compared to hungarian ? 
  it would make sense for french and other languages where you place the adjective after the noun , but not for english , swedish or german . 
  hungary has no national motto . 
  haha fuck you everybody !, 
  they did this in hungarian some 100 years ago . 
  does absolutely every latvian name end with an s ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_constituent_assembly_election,_1917  the elections to the russian constituent assembly ... were held on november 25 ... 
  it is generally reckoned as the first truly free election in russian history . 
  the result was a clear victory for the socialist revolutionary party ( srs ) who polled far more votes than the bolsheviks ... lenin ... had dissolved the constituent assembly after only one day you should learn more history instead of showing what an ass you are . 
  i recommend [ the black book of communism ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/black-book-communism-crimes-repression/dp/0674076087 ) , it 's available in many languages and describes in very much details the crimes that lenin and his ultra-liberal friends did . 
  you should make no mistake , the civil war and its millions of casualties were caused by lenin and his bolsheviks . 
  the whites , the peasant rebellions , war against poland , georgia , kazakhstan , these were all reactions to the brutality of the bolsheviks and the cheka . 
  the civil war was started by the bolsheviks . 
  the group that stormed the royal palace was made out of the people that would later form the cheka , which would turn into gpu , nkvd and kgb . 
  the rebelions started soon after the bolsheviks began arresting and * executing * mensheviks , democrats , journalists , dissolved the democratically elected soviet , and then organized a cheka office in every town and village . 
  even * before * lenin took power , he was advocating the destruction of certain political groups . 
  that does n't sound very ultra-liberal to me . 
   they went from ultra social liberalism of '18 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cheka  by late 1918 ... 
  many thousands of dissidents , deserters , or other people were arrested , tortured or executed by various cheka groups and this was during the `` liberal '' period as you call it, 
   must be language barriers , but this sounds pretty crazy . 
  you might mean that it requires some additional strength ( ? ), 
  to function in a free market society , which to me sounds crazy , or that they could n't properly function from malnutrition which would be true in any environment . 
  people that grew up in socialism learned that your first job will be your last job . 
  so you have people like my parents who have worked for 30-40 years at the same company , even though they hate everything about it . 
  compared to them , i 've changed 3 jobs in the last 10 years . 
  if i 'm not happy i move along , i have the `` strength '' that op talks about to do that , while they 're too afraid of change because they do n't consider quitting your job to be normal . 
  yeah i do n't know how german laws work , i also understood that everyone who shows up gets money . 
  maybe you should change your laws and then will stop getting these kind of people . 
  that sounds like a german problem , it 's not eu specific .
