   ok , so you 're losing good teachers to other professions , which is my point . 
  have you any idea how important good teachers are ? 
  i 've no idea , i only know that there are 20 % more teachers in hungary that there 's capacity , so obviously they can go if they want . 
  i 'm not familiar with the situation in spain , but i remember there 's something like a 25 % unemployment rate in the country , probably including aspiring teachers that are willing to work without a 13th salary . 
  maybe they would even be willing to take `` free '' training to improve their skills , thus becoming great teachers , without blackmailing an already troubled society into giving them money . 
  tldr : no one is irreplacable  yeah , in a perfect world maybe . 
  how many governments ride out their term and only start making promises or acting on promises in election years ? 
  what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  if the minister of transportation is not building roads then he wo n't be the minister for long , because his party will lose votes if they support an unpopular candidate . 
  it goes down to the lowest level , with the school principal not getting reelected because the parents complain too much . 
   i 've no idea what `` 13th salary '' is but it 's very telling that you use ` complain ' and ` privilege ' in your summation . 
  some would call them perks or entitlements . 
  it depends on the country , but usually the 13th salary is what you get on top of your regular salary , for example if you earn 20000 $ per year ( 1666/month ) , then you might get another 1000-1666 $ as a christmas/summer/etc . 
  other privileges include stuff like free vacations in government hotels ( paid for by the taxpayer ) , spas , subsidised canteen , and in many cases a secure and almost-permanent job . 
  these are not perks , perks would be free coffee and a foosball table . 
  would you rather pay 5000 $ for a new pc , like in the glory days when they were manufactured in munich ? 
  how about creating an organization that addresses the problems of its employees ? 
  if an employee is unhappy , he should talk to his boss or other superior , and if his concerns ca n't be solved then he can leave . 
  striking would be a solution when you have an untouchable ceo living in the clouds , but people in public office are not untouchable because they have to deal with elections . 
  considering this strike specifically , it 's public servants complaining because they wo n't get their 13th salary and had some other privileges revoked . 
  they are always welcome to try and get a 13th salary in the private sector . 
  yes , their job is important , that is why they should n't be allowed to strike . 
  and this is why public servants should n't be allowed to strike . 
  if they 're not happy with their job , they should find another work , not endanger the lives of children . 
  was he striking too ? 
  i think in this case his parents/school should be charged with criminal neglegence . 
  what was he doing outside school on a workday ? 
  alaska is almost as big as the remainder of the us ? 
  not very modern ... but perhaps we need one conservative to offset the predominantly liberal eu ? 
   president nikoli\u0107 underscored that after the elections in may , serbia decided to help other countries resolve problems which were pushed under the carpet . 
  i would never vote for this man because of some of the nationalist ideas that he and his party represents , but i 'm plesantly surprised by his proactivity and taking on difficult subjects , something which his predecessor never did . 
  during ww2 hungary and serbia/yugoslavia were on opposing sides , and in 1941 hungary committed a war crime by killing thousands of serbs and jews . 
  these crimes are widely recognized and are remembered every year ever since . 
  however , by the end of the war the hungarian army retreated and the yugoslav communists killed thousands of ethnic hungarians in revenge . 
  during communism it was forbidden to talk about this , and later under milosevic it was denied the crimes ever happenned . 
  after milosevic the crime was investigated and was published in several papers , but the people in power never dealt with the issue and it remained unknown to the wider public . 
  for me it 's very surprising that a man who is known for his nationalist rhetoric and ideology would do something like this , to admit that the crimes did happen and then agree to pay tribute to the victims . 
   the two presidents told reporters after the meeting in budapest that he would soon pay tribute `` to the victims of crimes committed in novi sad in 1942 and in vojvodina in 1944 and 1945 '' . 
  definitely a very positive move by the serb president . 
  i think this will very much improve the relationship between the two nations . 
  none of the `` new '' eu member states are listed . 
  i 've been on a eurolines bus that travelled from madrid to bucharest ( a 3 day trip ) , and when i entered the bus in slovenia the bus was already traveling for 2 days . 
  inside you could see garbage , dirty , smelly people sleeping on the floor , seats that were falling apart , and the driver who has n't slept for 2 days ( on that same eurolines track there have been 2 fatalities in the past year with tens of people dying ) . 
  but yes , the bus ticket was around 3 times cheaper than by train and also faster . 
  i guess you win some , you lose some . 
  in my experience , people with stable jobs who work 9-5 for years and decades have only one month of vacation a year , which means they get to have a fantastic , adventurous life for only that much per year . 
  the 11 remaining months are spent in routine * , so why not make that routine more enjoyable by having a nice living space ? 
  for example , i would specifically like to live in a place where i can listen to loud music and not worry about the neighbors complaining . 
  \\* routine does n't necessarily mean boring , but you ca n't really travel to bali and back in a weekend, 
  well , krugman is a moron so no , he does n't know jack shit . 
  the fact that most people can never afford in their life to buy more than a small - or medium sized apartment , yet at the same time they can easily take vacations to bali , pay 10 euros for a meal or 100 eur to see a famous singer . 
  this exists in the city where i 'm from , people open their front gate , put a table with grapes on it and you need to pay for it . 
  however often there 's no price written out which means you have to shout to the owner to come outside . 
  i used lynx once ... 
  only the byelorussians understand which browser is the best , the rest are brainwashed masses . 
  ceausescu 's speech was on the 21st of december . 
  this is what inspired it . 
   on 16 december a protest broke out in timi\u015foara in response to an attempt by the government to evict a dissident , hungarian reformed church pastor l\u00e1szl\u00f3 t\u0151k\u00e9s . 
  t\u0151k\u00e9s had in july that year made critical comments against regime 's systematization policy to the hungarian television , and complained that the romanians do not even know their human rights . 
  as t\u0151k\u00e9s described it later , the interview , which had been seen in the border areas and was then spread all over romania , had `` a shock effect upon the romanians , securitate as well , on the people of romania . 
  [ ... ] [ i ] t had an unexpected effect upon the public atmosphere in romania . ''  for some time , his parishioners gathered around his home to protect him from harassment and eviction . 
  many passers-by , including religious romanian students , spontaneously joined in . 
   the next day , trains loaded with workers originating from factories in oltenia arrived in timi\u015foara . 
  the regime was attempting to use them to repress the mass protests , but they finally ended up joining the protests . 
  one worker explained : `` yesterday , our factory boss and a party official rounded us up in the yard , handed us wooden clubs and told us that hungarians and ` hooligans ' were devastating timi\u015foara and that it is our duty to go there and help crush the riots . 
  but i realized that was n't the truth . '', 
  romania was a fucked up place for a hungarian to live in . 
  you can actually see that , had the protesters been mainly hungarians , the workers from oltenia would 've gladly crushed the revolution . 
  are you denying the existence of the macedonian people ? 
  what about the mongols ? 
  i believe they murdered like 10 % of humanity in a short period of time . 
   nobody is blocking eu access to macedonia the article says  bulgaria has joined greece in vetoing the opening of eu accession talks with macedonia so what are we talking about here ? 
   macedonians are treated as fellow bulgarians in our country . 
  maybe they want to be treated as macedonians and not as bulgarians in your country , ever thought of that ? 
  no , of course not , i bet you do n't even recognize that macedonians exist as a people , you probably think they 're just bulgarians separated from their motherland by cruel fate of history . 
  your government obviously agrees with you , since it 's [ handing out bulgarian passports to every macedonian that declares himself a bulgarian ] ( http://www.novinite.com/view_news.php?id=112811 ) . 
  this mentality of * `` your people is stealing my people 's history and your people does n't even exist !, 
  '' * should have been extinguished before the eu allowed bulgaria to join . 
  but like i said in another post , macedonia is too small , weak and economically insignificant , so nobody cares about upholding its dignity . 
  the question is how can you prove that there is such a thing as ownership of history . 
  your problem with macedonians is that they steal other people 's history . 
  what i have a problem understanding is what makes some history `` yours '' . 
  for example , let 's say the macedonians claim samuel the bulgarian was macedonian . 
  the bulgarians that were ruled by samuel at the time probably do n't have any link with the bulgarians of today . 
  their language is different . 
  their culture is different . 
  i bet they are even genetically different , and the people that lived in medieval bulgaria are genetically extinct due to the many wars . 
  so why can they claim samuel ? 
  because they live on the territory that used to be bulgaria ? 
  not even that !, 
  since bulgaria used to be a bit more to the west , so technically the macedonians have more right to the name than the bulgarians . 
  what we should do is the bulgarians and the macedonians should swap names , then it 'll be like on [ this map from 1045 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=file:byzantine_macedonia_1045ce.svg&amp;page=1 ) . 
  so it 's really more like , some people that lived on the territory that is today bulgaria , revolted some time in the 19th century , they did n't know what else to call themselves so they grabbed the name `` bulgaria '' , and with it claimed some history as their own . 
  that does not mean they have ownership over that history , only that they claim it . 
  and since it seems to be impossible to have ownership of history at all , i think there is no such a thing , and everyone can claim whatever they want . 
  this . 
  even the ukranians , who are looked down by the eu , have more common sense than eu members greece and bulgaria . 
  i think the core of the issue is macedonia is a small , weak and divided country , has no real friends and allies , so its neighbors can pick on it . 
  which is let 's say all right if this was happenning in africa , but this issue has two eu member states picking on the small and weak . 
  instead of providing good example to the rest of the world .
