  since slavery proved to be cheaper than an educated working class most of the industry was disbanded and the parts sold to india . 
   is there a real chance of the uk leaving the eu soon ? 
  the uk did n't exist since 2014 when scotland and england declared independence . 
  wales and northern ireland tried to keep the union alive but they got annexed by an expeditionary force of the commonwealth , principally lead by australia and india . 
  they are now a duty-free zone and mainly act as a warehouse for indian goods . 
   will scotland , catalonia , or any other territory be independent by then ? 
  scotland became independent . 
  after catalonia declared its independence it became instantly outside any eu , nato or eu membership . 
  scotland used this opportunity for a swift attack and annexed the whole territory . 
  the catalonians could n't defend themselves as most men were busy working in germany . 
   a front national government in france , would that make the union break up ? 
  no one gives a fuck . 
   what would happen with a possible syriza government in greece ? 
  in 2020 the greek national debt problem was finally resolved thanks to the euro hyperinflation . 
  they now owe around 500 trillion euros , which is around 50 cents in 2013 currency . 
  the syriza government is a proxy to president phillippe 's autocracy . 
   what would be russia 's role in this new europe , could it regain some of the influence it lost after the cold war ? 
  after putin died in the last month of 2013 russia fell apart to different republics that fought against each other with nukes . 
   will the identity/immigration/islam debate get uglier ? 
  no , it will become much quieter . 
  the debate will be forbidden by the eu 's national security laws . 
  but everyone knew that she was just a `` wife '' because the president `` had to '' formally have one . 
  she was in her 20 ` es when they got married and as far as i heard she was chosen by the politburo because she was good looking . 
  tito always was a womanizer so no one thought it was a real marriage anyway ... 
   police said about 20 of the injured during the clashes were officers , and the remaining 40 were from `` hooligan groups . '', 
  well that 's better than in serbia , where usually you have more injured cops than hooligans . 
  i can imagine some life-or-death situation where we all need a unanimous vote and san marino vetoes it because it got bribed by a foreign power . 
  you know , giving like 100000 euros to each citizen is n't that expensive when the number of citizens is low ... 
  i do n't think so . 
  in regards to hungary it lead to all sorts of ethnic conflict , which lead to hatred that is still visible today . 
  hungary 's first prime minister was imprisoned and died in prison . 
  most of our national heroes were murdered and those who survived went in exile . 
  nowadays there are occasions when some of the statues of these generals are decorated , while at the same time this is protested by whichever people they fought against ( serbs , romanians etc ) . 
  the romanian national anthem was composed in 1848 as a battle song against hungarians . 
  my city was completely burned to the ground and the way the city center looks today is how it looked after it got reconstructed . 
  a brutal regime was in force for decades that oppressed everything that was n't german . 
  remembering the oppression , hungarians developed a custom not to toast when drinking and this was in force for 150 years ( until the mid-1990 ` es ) . 
  i do n't think there 's anything progressive about any of this . 
  had there been not the 1848 revolution then perhaps a more gradual transformation to a democracy would 've happened . 
  which was a horrible disaster for everyone involved ... 
  oh ... well considering that most people do n't know anything about hungary , and most of hungary 's neighbors hate it , i expect this to be a short thread , 
  well i still do n't see moldovan wine in the shops so not sure how great it 's doing for them . 
  but the battle and all the wars would have probably not happened if not for french nationalism . 
  there already was [ a thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1jjq5q/series_what_do_you_know_about_hungary/ ) about this a few months ago . 
   who judges it , and along what lines ? 
  as far as i understand , the girl does n't even speak the local language of kosovo , she only speaks french ( and i guess roma ) . 
  yes she can probably learn a few more languages while she 's still young , but she is a perfect example of an integrated child . 
  as others have said , it mainly translates articles from * left-leaning * european press . 
  for example from hungary they translate n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g , that newspaper is so red it would make pravda blush . 
  i think [ this map ] ( http://io9.com/more-than-half-of-the-worlds-population-lives-inside-t-493103044 ) is more impressive . 
  i agree that denmark has a pretty good model but it 's not really applicable to everyone . 
  you would have to have a certain mentality for it to work . 
  in other countries people would just stay on social support for as long as they can . 
   however , that improvement is not for the people . 
  over 85 % has gone to corporate profits and less than 1 % has gone to the workers . 
  i think you 're confusing yourself with what workers are . 
  what are workers ? 
  blue collard workers that work in the steel mill ? 
  well of course they only get 1 % of the profit , since they have heavy competition from brics countries . 
  the `` corporate profit '' you 're talking about means while collard workers . 
  managers , software developers , doctors , bankers , scientists , these are all people who are better off now than they were before . 
  while in europe , the salaries have more-or-less stagnated . 
  and what a coincidence , most of the middle class in europe is not made of blue collard workers . 
  same for the us . 
  so while the us made progress in the past 5 years , the eu has n't . 
  in a longer time period , this will make the eu poorer compared to other countries in the world . 
  i mean , we 're not going to get poorer , we 'll just stagnate while everyone else becomes richer . 
   and for the record , yes , i do see an increasingly senior population becoming a future problem in the us . 
  just like in europe check the facts again , europe has a catastrophic demographic future , with a shrinking and aging population , while the [ us population continues to expand and is aging at a much slower rate ] ( http://www.smithsonianmag.com/specialsections/40th-anniversary/the-changing-demographics-of-america.html ) . 
  you will work until you 're 80 years old , paying back the money your parents and grandparents spent . 
   nor do i know what ' 13th salaries ' are . 
  google is your friend . 
  also check 14th salaries . 
   it 's increasingly becoming the norm that for the first couple of years into a job , your employer can literally fire you just because . 
  well thank god , what else would you want ? 
  work hard for 3 months and then take a nap for the rest of your life ? 
  if you 're productive you wo n't get fired or it wo n't be difficult to find a new job . 
  if your main experience is browsing reddit then i hope you do get fired `` just because '' . 
   america has ( i believe it 's over 20 ) states where you can legally fire people for being homosexual !, 
  what has that got to do with the economy ? 
   germany , norway and sweden are countries who would definitely qualify as ` socialist ' in their policies , they were socialist 20 years ago , since then they are all moving in the other direction . 
  today sweden is [ very much capitalistic ] ( http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2013/03/awful-swedish-socialists-now-more-capitalist-than-american-democrats/ ) with much lower taxes than before , germany is still pretty socialist but it does n't have a minimum wage and it has raised the retirement age , and these two facts are said to be the main cause why it 's doing so well compared to other eu countries , norway is just a special case ... you could say saudi arabia is a model socialist state that way ...  sounds like more of this ` global race ' nonsense to me it does n't matter what it sounds like to you , if you [ look at the world competitiveness index ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_competitiveness_report ) you 'll see a trend of european countries going down , and asian countries and the us going up . 
  the eu is becoming a less competitive place in the world and in the long term this means a bad economic situation . 
  of course the middle and upper class are going to be better off ( because they have more money by default ) , but that 's not my point . 
  my point is that the poor have an advantage because they are poor . 
  there are quotas in ( probably ) all countries in the eu where if you 're poor you get into university even if there are students with more points than you but who are not poor . 
  based on your flag i quickly [ looked up germany ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/education_in_germany#admission ) and found  at least 2 percent of the students at any university must be so called `` h\u00e4rtef\u00e4lle '' cases ( hardship cases or disadvantaged students ) now 2 % is nothing but i guess if i did some more research then i would find similar quotas elsewhere . 
  free education for all is fair , discriminating against the rich ( er ) is unfair . 
  i do n't see how is it better for the society if people with lower scores get accepted into universities . 
  i was n't taking us healthcare as a positive example because it is horrible , but while we 're at the subject , the american public is not all too enthusiastic at obamacare because they have it in their mentality not to wait for the government to take care of them , and instead they take private health insurance . 
  i 'm not saying it 's better as a system , but the attitude is much healthier than what we have in the eu . 
  what will happen if one day the state healthcare collapses or degrades , like it has in many post-communist states ? 
  in those countries a lot of new private clinics and hospitals have appeared that provide better service than the state-run facilities . 
  doctors working for the state get a pathetically low salary , which is why many of them open a private clinic , or emigrate to germany . 
  this will not happen in the us because people are not relying on state-run facilities to begin with , so doctors are well paid ( their salaries are determined by the market ) . 
  about taxation ... why is it fair for someone who is earning more to have to pay more taxes without getting more services in return ? 
  yes , i meant barroso , not rompuy . 
   1 : you do n't seem to know what leftist policies actually are . 
  1 : let me refute that . 
  * you * do n't seem to know what leftist policies actually are .
