  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_greece#industry and wikipedia cites eurostat so i guess it 's accurate . 
   700 000 government employees  i just wonder what they do at work like the guy in the documentary said , they drink coffee all day  and there are people who do n't like this , so they go to other countries where they actually do work . 
  this is probably another reason why productivity is low , because productive people can not find jobs that they 'd like . 
  you know , this is very similar to serbia where i come from , the government workers also drink coffee , stare at the ceiling , chat with colleagues ... but for serbia they say that communism is the reason why this is so , because people could n't get fired even if they do nothing , so the work ethic was destroyed . 
  i do n't know what 's greece 's excuse . 
  i was right !, 
  tourism makes just 18.2 % of the gdp , the rest is `` real '' industry . 
  they have * the largest * merchant navy in the world , they used to have strong banks ( i know a greek bank bought some of the largest banks in serbia ) . 
  if you look at the [ list of largest companies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_greece#largest_companies ) you 'll see that most of them are banks . 
   why is the productivity so low ? 
  `` in 2009 , greece 's labor productivity was 98 % that of the eu average , [ 95 ] but its productivity-per-hour-worked was 74 % that the eurozone average . '', 
  so they work as much as the average eu guy , but are n't as productive . 
  the problem * may * lie in this :  agriculture contributes 3.3 % of the country 's gdp and employs 12 % of the country 's labor force . 
  compare that to highly developed france where agriculture makes up 2.1 % of the gdp but it employs just 3.8 % of the labor force , or even hungary where it 's 3.3 % of the gdp and 4.7 % of the labor force . 
  in greece you have 12 % of the population producing what in other countries takes only 4.7 % to produce . 
  i do n't know why is this so , maybe the climate is much rougher , or maybe the mindset of the greek peasant has n't moved out of the 1950 's . 
  romanians are slavs hungarians are slavs lithuanians are slavs croats are not slavs bulgarians are not slavs serbs are not slavs wtf ? 
  the people dominating the world are men , but like eryemil said , the ones at the bottom of the foodchain are also mostly men . 
  it 's easy to say that men live less cause they drink themselves to death , but no one asks the question why women do n't . 
  if people stop being retarded we will build more nuclear power plants and enjoy almost-free electricity . 
  cars will also run on electricity , in western europe the governments are already subsidising government cars , i hope this also picks up in eastern europe . 
  the forests that exist today will likely remain due to conservation . 
  as oil becomes more expensive people wo n't be able to travel to the other side of the world anymore and local beaches will become popular again ( hooray for england ) . 
  people will discover a new fascination with their own local nature and will do more to protect it . 
  norwegian seamen will hunt the last remaining whales to extinction and will switch to raindeer farming . 
  the netherlands will get flooded and they 'll migrate massively to hungary where they have already bought land a decade earlier . 
  the russians will move from resurrecting dead flowers to resurrecting mammouths , which will then get domesticated and will soon replace cows as the # 1 herd animal . 
  oh and we 'll have a nice desert in the center of spain , where hippies can go to live . 
  i 'm not making this up i 've seen this with my own eyes . 
   interesting perhaps from the perspective of the ordinary greeks , but at least for me , she never answer the questions why corruption is rampant , why they borrowed like crazy , why the productivity is so low , etc. 
  it was interesting to me , although i did n't like the many melodramatic moments . 
  the guy who refused the job at the electric company answered your question btw . 
  productivity is low because of the huge government sector where people get jobs through connections , and it 's considered a dream job because all day you drink coffee . 
  this is the image that 's being projected to the rest of the eu and it is actually the truth . 
  the problem is the other half of the population works 12 hours a day to support themselves , the government people , and also to pay the debt . 
  i do n't know , 10 ? 
  you can probably support a family of 4 with this for 2-3 days . 
  you eat 6 eggs and 1kg beans every day ? 
  conspiracy !, 
  if you look at the beginning you 'll see those two girls are running away , so they might 've done something wrong like hit the policeman with a rock . 
  like the op said , there 's no context , we ca n't know for sure if this is police brutality or not . 
  i live in slovenia . 
  some fuckers tried to steal my bike last week , almost managed to cut the chain . 
  when i was in egypt , jordan , syria etc. 
  i was surprised by the complete lack of crime there . 
  you can leave your bag in the middle of the room at a bus station and no one will steal it . 
  this was before the arab spring so now it 's probably worse . 
  why do n't you build a snowman then ? 
  that 's more like it . 
  we 're # 2 , baby !, 
  faith in humanity = restored . 
  i just want to say that what deusdies says is true . 
  he maybe has a bit better opinion of the police than i , but i agree that it 's much better than it used to be . 
  there are however still some cases of unwarranted police brutality , for example a few months ago some guys were waiting at a bus stop , a police car came by , ordered them to go to a nearby alley and beat the shit out of them and then arrested them . 
  later it was found out that they were looking for some hooligans who happened to just look like them , so they released them , but there was no appology or compensation . 
  i do n't know if later the victims sued . 
  i think the biggest problem currently is the judiciary . 
  the police is arresting the criminals , but the courts keep releasing them or giving them ridiculously low sentences . 
  btw . 
  i knew a girl who was together with a guy that worked for the anti-terrorist unit , basically his job was to sit on a tree all day with a sniper and wait for terrorists to come out of the bush . 
  he was also a mentally unstable bastard who beat the shit out of this girl several times . 
  anyway , maybe the anti-terrorist unit is ranked high as a unit , but the people that work there , are n't really people you 'd want to be friends with . 
  oops, 
  in areas where the germans make up at least 20 % it should be made official . 
  thank god hungary is not among the top 5 anymore !, 
  btw . 
  i 'm not so sure about the accuracy of this chart . 
  i remember reading in a newspaper last year that slovenia is no. 3 in suicide rates in europe , but on this chart it 's quite low . 
  i 'll take that as you admitting that the invasion of the baltic states by the soviet union , and the english invasion of scotland , wales and ireland , are essentially the same thing . 
  i do n't know if you express remorse over what your ancestors did to these people , but in any case if you do n't , then you support ( to use your own words ) `` a totalitarian state signing an agreement with fascists to ride roughshod over a democratic state '' . 
  good show , proud son of the bnp !, 
  the roman empire had withdrawn from britain . 
  so there * were * people living there when your ancestors got there ? 
  may i ask what happened with these people ? 
   the fact that the constitution had been suspended does n't give legitimacy to a soviet takeover now , does it . 
  i see , but when it 's you doing the takeover then it 's totally all right ? 
   see , again . 
  you 're understanding of british history is so , so weak . 
  northumbria , mercia , east anglia , essex , kent , sussex , wessex , elmet , rheged , strathclyde , ebrauc , bryneich and gododdin ... all little kingdoms , all warring , all vying for power . 
  there were n't political entities ` scotland ' , ` ireland ' and ` england ' and ` britian ' . 
  if i look at the map of the british isles circa 1400 , i will see the mighty kingdom of ebrauc locked in a life-and-death struggle with gododdin ? 
   the ` roman ' inhabitants had largely left by the time the saxons invaded . 
  i see . 
  the british isles were uninhabited . 
  the saxons came in and saw empty land . 
   and it was n't a democracy . 
  [ neither was latvia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/k\u0101rlis_ulmanis#authoritarian_r.c3.a9gime ) at the time when it was conquered by the soviet union . 
  not that it matters really , in both cases people died . 
  just because your ancestors murdered people that did n't have democratic representation does n't make them any less guilty than the soviets in 1939 . 
   well , the scots signed an act of union , actually . 
  by that time the scots already had an english head of state and spoke in english language . 
  but hey , let 's ignore the 500 years or murder , rape and pillage that preceeded that act , it 's your history , right , i 'm just an ignorant foreigner . 
  and let 's not forget the irish also signed an act of union , eh ? 
  and the indian maharajas also signed contracts inviting your soldiers to occupy them ... out of love maybe ? 
  you know , if we look at the legal documents , the soviet union also did n't `` invade '' the baltic states , in fact it was invited by the baltic states themselves !, 
  the soviets were just following the model you guys perfected in the previous centuries . 
   successive invasions of a geographical area the `` geographical area '' being scotland and ireland , with people living there , people that were murdered by these successive invasions . 
   before there was any cohesive nation before the act of union the english did n't exist , i understand now !, 
   and before there was any democracy just like how there was n't any democracy in latvia in 1939 . 
   is just not the same as a totalitarian state signing an agreement with fascists to ride roughshod over a democratic state .
