  it ca n't be helped , move along ... 
  since you 're only 18 ... welcome to the real world !, 
  i 'm white and when i go somewhere where white people are a minority , then * i * get treated differently . 
  you * will * get treated differently simply because you 're in a huge minority and people are just not used to seeing black people . 
  it 's not racism ( of the bad kind ) , it 's how human nature works . 
  you 're being treated differently also because you 're a woman , you 're austrian , you 're from the eu , you have money etc. 
  get used to it . 
  i own shares of ohb ( the company which assembles the galileo satellites ) , and news like these always make me extra proud  now if only their share price went up ... 
  there are idiots in every crowd , does n't mean they make the majority . 
  last week there was a protest by jobbik in budapest , i walked past the rally and saw maybe 100 people ( some carrying szekely flags ) . 
  holy shit , res says you 're -21 !, 
  i do n't know what you said in the past but you must be a real asshole . 
  yeah , this is totally about those issues . 
  you were informed correctly , citizen !, 
  / r/europe is downvoting hungarian people talking about issues in hungary ? 
  why am i not surprised ? 
  macedonians are the / u/umadbro of europe  ) ), 
  fuck you , uat2d 's posts are the only reason i visit this shitty subreddit . 
  i did n't mention trianon and i did n't talk just about the hungarians . 
  i was talking about serbia 's neighbors . 
  btw . 
  i 'd be very interested in what you have about hungarian oppression in transylvania . 
  seriously , because i ca n't find almost anything in hungarian sources . 
  i know that the slovaks had it bad and i feel sorry for what was done to them , but the romanians in hungary were living much better than the romanians outside . 
  how is it oppression if more romanian books were printed in transylvania than in romania itself ? 
  you can write me a pm if you do n't want to continue discussing it here . 
  no propaganda pls . 
  yeah i agree , this influences ordinary people 's lives not at all . 
  it 's just a story for the people in power so they would n't have to solve any real issues , and the people would n't notice or care about them stealing . 
  dacic is an asshole but my hats off to him for doing what his predecessors did n't dare . 
  he did it at the right time too , cause i do n't think there 's any serious threat to his power , unlike when djindjic was the prime minister . 
  the battle of zenta happenned in what is today senta , serbia . 
  this battle is important for hungarians because it ended turkish rule in hungary . 
  also lots of writers and historical figures were born in what is today vojvodina . 
  the eastern part of srem was part of croatia since forever . 
  today it 's in serbia . 
  i 'm sure the bulgarians have some important historical things in pirot . 
  how about some empathy for the people that you guys made suffer ? 
   hope he does n't get shot or something . 
  i think he 's ahead of his time . 
  just wait a few hours for the ordinary serbs on reddit to show up and `` prove '' to you how kosovo is and always will be part of serbia . 
  together the baltic countries make up 74 % of the hate , 
  i recently saw an interview with the ceo of rheinmetal , a huge steel and weapons company in germany . 
  the ceo is a woman and the interview was about women in top position . 
  what struck me is that while that woman made millions in salary , she had no children and was n't married , but still looked tired and `` wasted '' ( despite being relatively young ) . 
  i guess it depends what you want out of life ... 
  russia is big . 
  perhaps some guy in kamchatka hates your guts and you do n't even know it . 
  as far as i understand fonts , he 's not using helvetica . 
  that 's why i did n't upvote . 
  i do n't really care if there are more/less british mods , i would only like them to be chosen by the community , not appointed by a clique . 
  also , this poll needs to last longer than just 15 hours before you publish the results . 
  during the 15 hours this post was up , most of europe was asleep/at work . 
   i do n't think you get to choose how much taxes you pay . 
  yes you can , by voting for the guy who will reduce your taxes . 
  for example , currently we have one party that reduced the taxes to 16 % and wants to keep them at that level , and another which wants to increase taxes for the `` rich '' . 
  obviously i 'm not going to vote for the later party . 
  in a totalitarian society you do n't have any saying in how much you 'll pay . 
   also , i think you view westerners as more naive then they really are . 
  true , i probably should 've written `` western redditors '' . 
  the things i wrote here , i learned mostly from french and american scholars , not russians , so of course they know their shit . 
  so let 's say `` people under the age of 25 '' are naive regarding communism . 
  tl ; dr ; if you 're really interested in finding out about this then i suggest you read [ the black book of communism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_black_book_of_communism ) , a book written by some of the best european historians . 
  its preface is written by [ stephane courtois ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st%c3%a9phane_courtois ) , another famous historian who studies communism . 
  in this preface , he asks exactly this question : how is it possible that such a monstrous ideology had followers in western europe ( even among some of the authors of the book ) , even after the crimes of the system became obvious . 
  he offers several possible explanations . 
  so if you want the best possible answer , i suggest you get it from this guy who dedicated his life to studying communism . 
  in my personal opinion , the reason why communism has fans in the west is due to : 1 . no personal exposure to the system 2 . propaganda for # 1 i can take a parallel with serbia and russia . 
  the majority of serbia thinks russia is the best country ever , there were even some ideas of joining russia the same way belorussia did . 
  the reason why the people of serbia thinks this way , while no one else in eastern europe shares this same feeling , is that every country in eastern europe has been under russian dominance * except * yugoslavia ( serbia ) . 
  there are no memories of russian soldiers taking away wealth , people being forced to learn russian , russian bosses coming to your country and telling everyone what to do , or russian soldiers crushing your freedom rebellion . 
  in the same way , western europeans have not experienced the soviet union dominating them , while they did experience that under the americans ( although under a significantly lower level ) . 
  this is why anti-americanism existed for example in france or the netherlands even during the period when the us was the only thing stopping the russians from taking over all of europe . 
  # 2 is propaganda and lies . 
  the communist system advocates freedom but it limits freedom like no other political system . 
  they 're for self determination but the communist countries are extremely centralized ( more than any other existing system ) . 
  they apparently defend the workers ' rights but actually makes workers slaves ( or serfs ) . 
  they promote peace but finance guerilla movements throughout the world . 
  they oppose imperialism but at the same time have created a `` block '' where countries `` help each other out '' , which is a nice description of colonialism . 
  you really need to look at communist propaganda and see that it 's actually 100 % lie . 
  whatever this system is advocating , it 's doing the exact opposite . 
  it 's difficult for an individual to say `` hey , not only are you lying but you 're actually doing the exact opposite '' . 
  i mean it 's difficult when you have a whole group of people telling you you 're wrong . 
  because it 's easier to comform , most people in eastern europe chose not to talk about the truth , and in turn in western europe people did n't know the truth . 
  some of those that did find out about it , were too embarassed to admit that they were wrong . 
  at the core of communism lies that sentence that everyone works according to his abilities , and everyone gets according to his needs . 
  while that sounds `` noble '' , it 's actually evil itself if you think about it . 
  let me tell you an example . 
  if you have a pair of shoes and i take it from you against your will , what do you call that ? 
  theft . 
  if the government takes your shoes away against your will , what do you call it ? 
  that 's theft as well . 
  your government should give you a * choice * , whether you * want * to give up your shoes , and in exchange give you something . 
  you do n't have to agree to that if you do n't want to . 
  in a democratic society , you can choose what you want to give and what you want to receive . 
  in a totalitarian society , you do n't choose what to give and do n't decide what to receive . 
  for some reason people who have n't experienced communism in most cases do n't remember to make a distinction between these two concepts . 
  they think that the people living under communism chose to live that way . 
  when in fact they were forced to live that way by a violent regime that illegally came to power . 
  the fact that it came to power illegally was kept a secret until the fall of the soviet union .
