  weird huh ? 
   even if there is no if . 
  it is a separate language . 
  you have no right to tell the macedonians that their language is a bulgarian dialect . 
  you would only do that if you deliberately wanted to offend them . 
  which is what you are doing . 
  you 're a disgusting greek nationalist and you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  greece should be ashamed for bullying little macedonia for all these years . 
  if there was justice you would get kicked out of the eu for this nazi behavior . 
  what if i told you that i , as a common citizen , have some greek bonds and that i 'd be rather pissed if they let you slip out of your debt and make me lose money ? 
  it 's not just the `` bankers '' who gave you money , it 's also people like me . 
  macedonian is a slavic language . 
  calling it a dialect is like saying greek is a latin dialect . 
  take your racist views elsewhere and stop denying the macedonians ' right to exist . 
   aaand there you lost me . 
  what i meant was , languages are supposed to help you out in situations , while having a language that 's too different becomes a handicap when talking to people whose language you do n't know . 
  for example , let 's say you 're talking to an arab over the phone . 
  how would you ask him what 's the weather like over there ? 
  in my opinion the purpose of language is not to be `` beautiful '' , interesting , strange , etc. 
  but to aid in communication . 
  as such i do n't think that hungarian is worth learning since you ca n't speak to anyone other than hungarians with it . 
  perhaps knowing hungarian grammar helps if you 're interested in learning a turkic or indonesian language , but those are also not really significant on the world scene . 
  let me show you an example . 
  the sentence `` i 've got pencils in my pocket '' in hungarian would be `` zsebemben ceruz\u00e1k vannak '' . 
  the gramatical reason why it 's like this is : `` zseb-em-ben ceruza-k van-nak '' meaning ( literally ) `` pocket-my-in pencil-multiple exist-multiple '' . 
  with a language like this the natural way how you would talk to foreigners whose language you do n't speak is that you add prefixes and suffixes to an existing word that you do know , like let 's say `` pocketem in is 's pencils '' . 
  since indo-european languages do n't work this way , you 'll be a lot less successful in communicating with an italian than , say , a swedish guy who has no knowledge of italian . 
  learning a slavic or latin language is useful cause they 're all similar to each other so once you learn one , you get access to hundreds of millions of similar speaking people . 
  the austria-hungarian empire apparently had a colony in [ franz joseph land ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franz_josef_land ) , close to the arctic circle , which has later ruthlessly been annexed by the soviet union . 
  i can only hope that one day they 'll get punished for this act of aggression . 
  our blitzkrieg was so fast you did n't even notice , 
  not that i care or try to offend , but just for the sake of arguing ...  romania borders the balkan region , geographically , culturally and politically . 
   geographically the balkan mountains are actually in bulgaria and part of serbia , romania borders these countries . 
  that 's only if you take the danube and sava rivers as the border of the balkan peninsula . 
  you can also take the carpathians ( = extension of balkan mountains ) as the northern border of the balkans , in which case the south of romania is in the balkans  culturally , romania is of latin heritage and not slavic , as someone that lived most of his life in slavic countries , i can say that romania is more slavic than latin . 
  the language , mentality , music , political culture . 
  humor , folk art are more similar to russia , bulgaria and hungary than to italy or france . 
   as well as the fact that while these areas ( bulgaria for example ) was actually occupied by the ottomans for quite a while , romania was n't . 
  that 's just not true , wallachia and moldova was an ottoman vassal between the 15th and 19th century , with some brief moments of freedom or other dominance . 
  if you look at the pictures of rulers of wallachia , you 'll see some of them even dress in ottoman style . 
  romania was n't politically independent until the treaty of san stefano . 
   it was a vassal and the influence was much smaller . 
  how do you know what was the influence of turkish culture on the serbs , greeks or albanians ? 
  i can tell you that a people living in the plains ( romanians , hungarians ) , where there is not much natural defense , are much more easily influenced by a foreign culture than people living in the hills ( serbs , albanians , greeks ) . 
   it can even be observed today , for example , 10 % of bulgaria is muslim of turkish origin . 
  romania has no muslim influences and has the lowest number of muslims in the whole of europe . 
  current population figured do n't mean anything . 
  you should rather check how many muslims were living in romania in 1600 . 
   politically it was never involved in the so-called `` balkan wars '' it participated in the war against bulgaria !, 
   nor did it have any conflicts with any of the neighbors . 
  wtf ? 
   so , as it stands now , romania is no more a balkan country , just because it borders the balkans , than say , hungary . 
  hungary also has significant balkanic influences . 
  i think he * is * the troika !, 
  i agree with you and think this movie * should * be made . 
  i 'm just sceptical about what the movie will be like . 
  you ca n't make a movie about organ trafficing during the kosovo war , without mentioning why that war was fought in the first place . 
  i wonder what the background for the movie will be . 
  will they show the serb paramilitaries murdering innocent albanians ? 
  technically , if you were coming home drunk and you fell into a ditch and slept there , would n't you want the police to arrest you and take you to your soft , warm prison bed , rather than freezing to death outside ? 
  not implying that you 're a drunk that falls into ditches :p, 
  downvoted ... this subreddit is a joke , i really do n't know why you bother , rpad . 
  that 's the thing : hungary did n't violate its treaty with the eu . 
  funny how facts can be so annoying , right ? 
  it would be sooo sweet if we could just punish hungary based on news articles . 
  in hungary the constitution is not changed through a referendum , it 's changed by the unicameral parliament if more than 2/3 of the mps vote yes . 
   speaking of hungary , flyingorange 's comment might be a little unclear - did the cc `` change '' the constitution in the past ? 
  what happened was that the government fucked up on some of the technicalities and the cc striked them down . 
  i ca n't remember a good example now , so the following may not be 100 % true : in the constitution they wrote that denying the crimes of communism is forbidden , * and that this is a temporary constitutional law * . 
  no idea why they made it temporary . 
  the cc said that they think the article is technically not temporary , so they made the whole article invalid . 
  what happened now was they wrote the same thing back in the constitution with the words `` and this is not temporary '' . 
  similar things happened with the rule about homeless people etc. 
  the cc never complained that the articles are contradictory or that they 're unconstitutional , they always complained about some technicality . 
  more important , some of the articles they invalidated they did so based on rules of the * previous * constitution . 
  this means , in the period before 2011 , let 's say in 1995 , the cc made a rule that if homeless people must have a personal id , then they can sleep where they like . 
  so then in 2012 they made a law that homeless people ca n't sleep on the streets . 
  the cc said `` but according to the rule from 1995 , they have personal ids which may be interpreted that their address is the street which means they ca n't be denied from sleeping at their own home '' . 
  and they invalidated that article . 
  based on a rule that was derived from the previous constitution . 
  what happened now was the change of rules , now the cc ca n't use rules made prior to 2011 anymore . 
  does this all make sense ? 
  i 've been writing these kind of explanations before and i always get downvoted so i do n't know if it makes any sense doing it anymore . 
  this subreddit hates the hungarian government and no amount of reason will change that . 
  the problem is these things that we argue about here , these false claims by a non-hungarian journalist , are not even important . 
  if we want to talk about problems in hungary let 's talk about corruption , the rising flood of immigrants at the borders or how the nazis are becoming louder and making all of us look bad . 
  those are real issues . 
  hungary is not a dictatorship , but it does have real problems which are n't being dealt with or talked about . 
  like i said , this subreddit tends to downvote me when i point out the fallacies of an article . 
  your points are similarly just wrong . 
  i do n't know you but from your post i get the feeling that you do n't live in hungary and do n't speak hungarian . 
  who are you to tell me then that the press is censored ? 
  i can obviously read articles on my own and decide if there 's censorship or not . 
  the two largest and most influential internet news sites ( www.index.hu and www.origo.hu ) are anti-government and every day they criticize the actions of the government . 
  you know what happened today ? 
  the eu recognized that the hungarian economy is in better shape than it was believed , and is in an upward trend , while most regional economies are worse than they were . 
  you know how this was published on those websites ? 
  on index.hu nothing , on origo.hu : `` we 're good but ... '' do you think in a country with censorship , the two largest and most influential news sites would be allowed to keep working that way ? 
  and they 're rather mild compared to nol.hu or watching atv , since those proudly admit that they 're `` left aligned '' . 
  how is it self-censorship when another large news agency , hvg , publishes an article with the title `` orban viktor is stubborn and an idiot '' ?
