  ah cool , i did n't know it 's anise !, 
  i asked a turk once what it was and he said he did n't know the english name for it , but he was probably thinking about anise . 
  thanks !, 
  in my experience turks drink rak\u0131 regardless of their social status ( in fact one guy i 've met at a bus station and spent 3 days in his home was poor and he still drank rak\u0131 with his friends ) . 
  and it tastes kind-of like mint . 
  it actually tastes similar to greek ouzo , which tastes like mint ( unless i 'm getting my tastes mixed up ) . 
  well they used to sell it ... 
  i bought beer when i was there a year prior to the war . 
  nowadays i guess you can still buy it in government-controlled territory . 
  i agree , but alexis tsipras is from the syriza party which is a * radical left * party ( that 's what they call themselves ) = = communism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syriza even their executive body is named `` central committee '', 
  the communists managed to come to power once in history and that was in salvador i think . 
  everywhere else they either performed a coup or were installed by a country which had its government established in a commie coup . 
  i 'm sorry comrade ginjeet , but your candidate will suffer an embarrassing defeat as always . 
  in turkey they drink rak\u0131 which is kind-of like vodka with mint . 
  they should be colored the same as kazakhstan . 
  in tunisia and syria they sell beer . 
  you guys do n't have an f sound ? 
  yeah that was embarrassing to watch . 
  it 's still impressive that they spoke in english on a dutch show , i think in most countries they would not do that . 
  even if the people in the jury do speak the language , it would be assumed that a large part of the audience does n't . 
  that 's so fucking expensive . 
  something like that costs 2-3 euros in hungary and perhaps 20 cents in china . 
  i would protest too . 
  these trains are luxurious while the plane you get for that price is a cheap and crappy ryanair . 
  yes i agree that it 's faster with a train , but if you have the time , for example you 're going home for christmas and new year then i would definitely take the train and relax . 
  the 1-2 extra hours do n't matter . 
  he will immediately begin oppressing heterosexuals . 
  well i ca n't see what it says because the website wants money to be read ... but i 've been to syria before the war and it has wonderful people that do not deserve the life they live right now . 
  they are not radical muslims , they are ordinary people with a good sense of humor and friendly curiosity . 
  i would gladly accept syrian refugees in my country . 
  this was written by [ stefan fule ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%a0tefan_f%c3%bcle ) , the eu commissioner for eu enlargement . 
  it 's not like albania is demanding something , this is an eu commissioner telling the eu to act . 
  if you look at the croatian ina , it was valued at a similar price as nis before mol bought them , for 1,2 billion euros ( nis was sold for 400 million ) . 
  mol then invested another billion into ina , gazprom invested 500 million into nis . 
  and mol only owns 49 % of the company . 
  yes any deal is better than no deal , but we made horribly bad business with the russians . 
  let 's say we had gotten the same deal as the croats , that 's extra 800 million euros , there are around 3 million people eligible to receive shares in serbia = 266 euros per capita . 
  that 's what you or me lost individually thanks to this deal . 
  remember dinkic and the 1000 euros ? 
  that plan was based on nis being sold at market value . 
  yes the whole plan was a lie but we would 've gotten more than the 15 ? 
  euros we got ... 
   we sold it to the highest bidder there was no public tender , nis was sold to russia through a special agreement , at half the minimum price it was worth . 
  had there been a tender , serbia would 've gotten a lot more money , but then it would 've lost kosovo . 
  one month after the deal was signed , kosovo declared independence anyway so serbia lost both the money and kosovo . 
  this is one of the reasons why the kostunica government fell apart and we had elections ... err why am i explaining this to you ? 
  according to your flag you live in serbia so how the fuck do you not know this ? 
  in slovenia the most spoken non-slovenian language is serbian ( as shown on this map ) , however they do n't officially have minority status and do n't have many rights that the recognized minorities have . 
  also , serbian is not a minority language in bosnia . 
  so i think this map is about the most spoken non-state language . 
  because russia is blocking it in exchange for serbia selling its oil industry to gazprom . 
  serbia-without-kosovo would have hungarian as its largest minority language, 
  actually there is n't such a sound there . 
  the slovenians pronounce it , for example death ( smrt ) is pronounced sm\u0268rt ( long word ) , but in serbian ( and i guess croatian ) it 's just smrt ( short and fast ) . 
  i think once your tongue gets used to it there 's no need to pronounce vowels . 
  i 'm really fascinated by caucasian languages which can have blocks of 6 consonants next to each other , and some of those consonants exist only in their languages . 
  chechen for example has like 40 consonants ( i should check wikipedia for accurate info ) . 
  also common in eastern slovenia but not the west ( they use the slavic ' \u017eivio ' ), 
  that 's cool , i did n't know people still use it !, 
  hungarian has 3 ways of saying `` you '' : te , maga , \u00f6n , and there used to be a 4th one ( kend ) but it 's not used anymore . 
  they each imply a different level of respect . 
  that 's hilarious , i found the song on [ youtube ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wbzwlkvpfi ) . 
  i think i 'll go and kill myself now ... :(, 
  there still are several towns in the former ussr named `` dzerzhinsky '' , [ one of them is among the most polluted cities in the world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dzerzhinsk,_russia ) ... so why not ? 
  i think tunis is somewhat similar to europe , and i mean the city of tunis in tunisia , i do n't know about the other parts of the country . 
  there are supermarkets which sell western type of canned and packaged food , you can buy beer and they produce their own beer , there are many buildings in french architecture , many signs are bilingual with latin characters , and the weather is also south european - not 50 degrees like in egypt for example . 
  they are of course an arab country but i think culturally they are the most `` european '' arabic country . 
  well the buildings are grey and depressing but other than that i do n't understand it either . 
  the beaches seem to be open for the whole year : http://cache.boston.com/multimedia/sports/bigshots/122310/bs10.jpg, 
  next dig a tunnel to greenland and surprise-annex them, 
  yes it 's bad but it 's not the end of the world as the initial poster would suggest . 
  it 's a stock company so as soon as armenia gets some money it can buy it back from gazprom, 
  when did turkey support al qaeda ? 
  i do n't think hungary 's policies to its minorities have anything to do with the survival of the country . 
  as you can see in the 20th century there were many countries that had similar or harsher laws and they survived - i mentioned france from where hungary copied its own laws . 
  had the central powers won then perhaps today we would have an independent bretagne , provence and bascia . 
  the only real reason why a-h did n't survive was because it lost the war . 
  it 's funny to see the nationalist downvote brigade working overtime on a national holiday . 
  i mean how dare someone ask for sources ? 
  that 's why i think it would 've been a gradual process . 
  the magyarization would 've stopped as society became more democratic and involved in the political process . 
  the reason why the czechs had more right was because the ruling politicians in austria relied on them for votes , to oppose the germans . 
  i know about franz ferdinand 's plans , there were similar discussions among the hungarian inteligentsia and the idea of a danubian confederation was getting support . 
   i always wonder if hungarians ever learn about the policies that were cultural minorities in koh subjected to . 
  its either lack of empathy or lack of knowledge that leads to total misunderstanding why the minorities of koh wanted out . 
  i first learned about the oppression of the slovaks from a history book for children when i was 9-10 years old so yes , i think people learn about it . 
  it 's sad that it happened but i do n't see why the slovaks of today still have to be dicks because of it . 
  edit : maybe i misunderstood you . 
  regarding why the hungarians did magyarization in the first place , it 's because it was the 19th century and every country did it . 
  hungary specifically copied its laws from france . 
  that has nothing to do with anything said in this thread . 
  are you trying to play the victim now ? 
  am i oppressing you ? 
  sorry but that 's stupid . 
  please look up the definition of destiny . 
  no , i did n't start this thread . 
  i 'm not the one posting about it on an international forum . 
  no i checked on wikipedia and what you 're looking for is '' [ dysphemism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dysphemism ) ''  it 's when you 're calling an annexation a union because you know it will offend the other side . 
   one common use of dysphemism is the disenfranchisement of one social group by another . 
  dysphemisms are used by people as tools of humiliation , degradation , and minimization of people of whom they disapprove .
