hmm ... we need to up out game !, 
  you should n't accept derry either , call it doire if you want to be * really * irish :p, 
  * flegs, 
  it 's nice to be important , but it 's more important to be nice !!!, 
  ^ ^ wise ^ ^ words, 
  are you ready ?? 
  * i 'd like to do this from here on out . 
  and then someone said that it 's all open source , so the copyright violations thing would n't be an issue . 
  but it 's a little much to expect some lads spitballing on the internet to have a fully formed plan ready to proceed !, 
  well , not that it could n't exist , just that it would be a huge hassle to get it started that he 's not willing to dive into , which is fair enough . 
  there is a certain irony there , but i sense a little bit of american sensitivity !, 
  we could always just stick it in switzerland for a little irony . 
  [ i am the 22.6 % !!!, 
  hilarious and true . 
  it 's the elephant in the room . 
  if you have a good degree , you probably wo n't need to emigrate . 
  most of my town has left for australia , every one of them did n't attend a university and is unskilled . 
  reminds me of `` fair play duit '' being spelled as `` f\u00e9ar pl\u00e9 duit '' which just means `` grass discussion to you '' as opposed to the `` fair play to you '' that 's intended . 
  cross contamination of language can be a messy , stupid aff\u00e9ar . 
  i 'm not saying we should take two steps back ... read my comment again if you did n't pick up on that . 
  what i am saying that it 's easier to criticise the `` other '' than to hold up a mirror . 
  that 's a good point . 
  as an irishman i 'd have to say yes ... and no . 
  ireland was essentially run by the catholic church up until the 1980 's and only then was the grip released . 
  in that time we had church and state collusion that resulted in irish women who somehow did n't fit the catholic narrative treated like total dirt . 
  homosexuality was also a crime . 
  the catholic church is directly responsible for the above , not to mention decades of child abuse . 
  everyone is entitled to their views and beliefs , no state should interfere with this . 
  however , when a religion becomes entwined with the political landscape to such a breaking point you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  what happened here is that nobody `` put some restrictions on the catholic church '' , we just reclaimed our state from them by diminishing their influence on policies and practices in the state ... which i think is what 's really being suggested above . 
  i see your point though , a lot of muslim bashing going on here because of how it influences the masses in what * we * see as a `` regressive '' manner not consistent with the evolution of europe ... but in reality , some european states were guilty of much worse up until recently . 
  if you called someone a lung with enough malice it just might be . 
  it is . 
  but it 's seldom used in it 's infinitive form . 
  more often than not it 's used with a reference to time . 
  `` t\u00e1 m\u00e9 ag sn\u00e1mh '' ( i am swimming ) is only used during the act of swimming . 
  it 's kind of similar to german grammar in that respect , but not really . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's a language that has to * sound right * above anything else . 
  really ? 
  that 's shocking bad irish . 
  quit with the self loathing . 
  same timezone !, 
  that 's my only issue , so i think we 're pretty much on the same page . 
  ok , but if we 're going by a strict definition ... you * were * mutilated . 
  for me the issue does n't hinge on if it looks good , if you think it 's not a big deal , if you think it has some sort of advantage etc. 
  the usual arguments * for * circumcision . 
  for me , the main issue is that circumcising a newborn is essentially robbing him of his bodily autonomy . 
  i really do n't think anyone has the right to decide for another person that they should have a medical procedure that has no * real * justification . 
  you 're giving an opinion and stating it as fact . 
  why is n't it mutilation ? 
  i 'll continue to believe all of your charts are bullshit until an irish city breaches the top ten . 
  yeah ... knowing us though , that 's happenstance . 
  must do a bit of research and report back !, 
  i 've heard that 's a convenient myth . 
  i really ca n't remember now if it 's true or not . 
  haha well that 's just an ignorant statement !, 
  seems like they got told off anyway !, 
  i gathered that much ... what did he/she say ? 
  dafuq happened in here ? 
  all the deleted comments are making me curious !, 
  that 's the plot of j.r.r tolkien 's lord of the rings , where have you really been , clive ? 
  if you want to get a high yield then you need to de-stone the land and make sure the potatoes remain subterrarean until harvest , which can be a pain in the ass . 
  but the land was good in everywhere except the west of ireland . 
  that 's true . 
  a british show that went largely unnoticed for 3 seasons before it was dropped is * monkey dust * , it 's an animated dark comedy sketch show . 
  worth a watch . 
  right , off to an exam , i 'll have to cut this short . 
  those stereotypes do n't have an ounce of truth in them and if you do n't believe me i 'll fight you and then steal your ladder . 
  oh i know , there 's plenty of american humour that 's very clever , most of my favourite shows are american . 
  but sometimes the shows are initially received more favourably abroad before getting a second wind with a mainstream american viewership . 
  i have huge respect for a lot of american shows , my point is that even though the shows might be great , a lot of the time the american public are slow to warm to them . 
  if you look at instant hits you 're going to get trash , the higher quality shows often get a retrospective appreciation , nothing wrong with that , just an observation . 
  i used to work in the immigration bureau in dublin , dealt with this sort of thing all the time . 
  your spouse is given the same rights as you are , bring the marriage certificate to be completely safe . 
  the soil was fine , due to the climate and the bedrock across much of ireland the soil is some of the most fertile in europe . 
  the practice of only growing potatoes was the problem . 
  first , potatoes are a demanding crop and fields need to be left fallow every 4th year ( i think , it 's been a while since my schooling days ) to prevent exhaustion of the minerals in the soil . 
  second , because blight is a fungus spread by the wind , it spreads fast and over large distances due to the prevailing winds in ireland . 
  once the potatoes were hit a huge section of the population were completely fucked . 
  the fact that so many died though is another story . 
  there were other crops being grown in ireland at the time but they were being exported to britain while the irish starved . 
  there 's a good bit available online if you fancy reading up on it . 
  it was n't the soil that was the issue though to address your comment . 
  let 's be honest here . 
  it 's true . 
  we offer a seriously low corporation tax in ireland to lure in business in order to stimulate employment and growth . 
  being off mainland europe means we do n't really have much else to offer apart from our delicious beef and dairy . 
  over the course of 10 years . 
  yes . 
  i watched it when it aired too , i loved it , it 's one of those shows that gets better and better after you 've watched a few episodes , it requires patience and an attention span or you 'll miss a lot of gags . 
  that said , it * did * get dropped . 
  arrested development was dropped though , alledgedly because the lack of a laugh track confused silly americans because they did n't know when to laugh ... ^ being ^ facetious, 
  anatomically speaking , ireland has fewer assholes . 
  oh , i think you could be right actually !, 
  i just did n't associate `` putting a curse '' on something with the church !, 
  there 's more to the conspiracy that you 've revealed !, 
  the successful mayo team of 1951 went through a town on their way home from their victory . 
  there was a funeral procession going through the town as well and the mayo team did n't stop to show respect . 
  rumour has it that one of the old biddies put a curse on them that mayo would n't win another all-ireland until every member of the squad had died .
