might as well sink that goddamn island ... 
  wait ... 
  bahahaha . 
  was joking about the pcp btw . 
  i left the party drugs behind quite a while back . 
  really wore myself out in high school . 
  good/horrific times , good/horrific times ... 
   i know how to hyperlink goddammit !, 
  [ i hyperlinked your mom ] ( http://brazzers.com ), 
  hey , the belgians got the continent on lock with their trappist ales ... they 've got that at least . 
  what do you mean `` hardcore '' drugs in prague ? 
  :d * crosses fingers in anticipation and begins researching apartments there *, 
  yeah , it 's a couple hours away on the train . 
  not close enough to bike but i 'll definitely get around to it . 
  eh , portugal is about as liberal on drug consumption as nl . 
  but more restrictive on cultivation and you ca n't just walk into a safe public shop to buy taxed ganj for example . 
  spain ( esp . 
  barcelona ) has nl beat on that , though . 
  their cannabis clubs are proving wildly successful and you can grow whatever you want at home . 
  honestly it 's on my radar for future residence as well . . 
   what 's the purpose of it ? 
  capitalism would not collapse if grenada remained revolutionary . 
  and reagan was right , it was n't a matter of direct resources that you needed from that country . 
  he said , `` nutmeg is not the question . '', 
  i mean , that was grenada 's biggest export , we could get perfectly good nutmeg from africa , you do n't need grenada 's nutmeg . 
  so why did they invade grenada ? 
  they invaded grenada because they were serving notice to the people of the caribbean , and to the people of latin america , and to the people of the world , that you can not drop out of your client-state free-market system . 
  that if you tried to take an independent source , and that if you use your land , your labor , your resources , and your capital , and your markets in a different way , in a collectivist way , if you use them to benefit the needs of your people , rather than to be milked like a cow for foreign investors , if you do that , this is what 's going to happen to you . 
  lmao . 
   `` classic europe superior morality , law and human rights '' classic `` child brides r kool and fascism is neato too '', 
  yeah not anytime soon at least . 
  maybe once canada passes federal legalization , then the us falls in line , then other countries will start paying attention . 
  for now the places to be are spain , pnw/ca/co , or nl . 
  it 's fucking idiotic , places like co and wa have had so much excess tax money they 're just giving it to citizens and yet people act like the economy is some unsolvable thing . 
  you literally just have to tax weed ... fuckin sick recommendations dude i 'm saving these for later . 
  damn dude sounds legit . 
  in my area the bike paths are quite good , i think because of the proximity to nl . 
  i remember bike paths in bayern being pretty bunk in comparison . 
  is there anywhere in particular you 'd recommend going to in m\u00fcnster ? 
  cops do n't really care much here either , the legal limit in nrw is twice that of any other state ( besides berlin , because they 're hip ) . 
  but i would n't try growing it here , and i 'd really like to control how my meds are grown . 
  i mean maybe i 'm crazy but the making you feel like a stupid child seems intentional a good deal of the time ... like , realistically you know that if someone is actually trying to be bitchy or patronizing they probably do n't have a lot going on upstairs , but it 's frustrating because in your mother tongue you could set them straight properly . 
  i just need to stop being so polite and learn more german curse words . 
  it 's on the list . 
  got a few more pressing destinations to visit first but i 'll get there eventually . 
  and on the previous point , i am not necessarily wanting to leave germany for nl just because people are grumpy here . 
  i am also really enamored with their culture ( kind of fell in love with the place on my first bike ride there when i moved to nrw a year ago ) , and the hyper-accessible bike paths and cannabis law are n't too bad either . 
  plus dutch is so fuckin easy coming from english and a splash of german . 
  damn boi we must have like a telepathic connection n shit dawg, 
  how else would you know that [ i 'm on magic mushrooms right now ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbgzbqvngqi ), 
  [ damn dog learn how to hyperlink lmao ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uk2wmc9l8c ), 
  it 's color , not colour !, 
  yup . 
  no reason to feel sorry . 
  it 's better here than bavaria . 
  yeah i do n't really trip out on it too much . 
  just kind of stay in my own little world for the most part . 
  i have freedom of movement thanks to my spouse so when we 've got the opportunity we wan na move over the border . 
  dutch is easier and the people do n't stress us out so much . 
  for now we ride our bikes over just to hang , 
  damn dude you did all sorts of research into my post history did n't you dawg, 
  still luv ya boo, 
  [ in 2011 mandarin was already on the rise in popularity in european schools . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73c7e4c8-e527-11e0-bdb8-00144feabdc0.html ) so , yeah , that 's a thing . 
  not everyone wants to stay in the bubble , dude . 
  racism is still very alive though i do tend to hear people from more culturally isolated places such as switzerland that they do n't believe it exists . 
  ( hint : it does ) . 
  generally this is coupled with oblivious casual racism and xenophobia . 
  from the article :  asked at the start of their first chinese class what motivated them to take up the language , the students of the institut de la providence , a secondary school outside namur in belgium , give their new teacher varied answers . 
  `` it 's a big country , '' says one . 
  `` i 've been to china and would like to go back , '' ventures another . 
  the two dozen teenagers are part of a pilot project started this autumn in nine belgian schools to promote chinese language learning . 
  more broadly , they are among hundreds of thousands of students in the west who are opting to learn mandarin chinese , often at the expense of traditional languages such as spanish or german . 
  `` one way or another , china is the future , '' says olaf mertens , the school 's headmaster . 
  `` there are over one billion people living in china : surely , students should be exposed to their language and their culture . '' china 's rapid economic rise is gradually translating into a greater presence in european and us classrooms , from a very small base as recently as 10 or 15 years ago . 
  in 1997 , about one in 300 us elementary schools taught mandarin ; by 2008 the figure was close to one in 30 , according to the latest statistics compiled by the center for applied linguistics . 
  the rise is reflected in the number of students sitting sat ii standardised tests , up 50 per cent since 2001 ; advanced placement programmes run by the college board have grown by more than 2.5 times . 
  in britain , chinese a-level exam entries in england in wales rose 36 per cent in 2011 alone , the fastest of any major language . 
  with 3,237 candidates , one in 11 final-year language exams are now for chinese . 
  about one in six schools in britain now offer some form of chinese tuition , government figures show . 
  from a marginal position 15 years ago , chinese has imposed itself as the fourth major language behind french , spanish and german , which , on current trends , it will overtake by the end of the decade . 
  the rate of take-up of chinese varies for each country , influenced by student demand -- or , more often , that of their parents -- but also often by the rigidity of the government-imposed academic curriculum . 
  `` in some countries , such as france , demand to learn chinese can partly be put down to a long-standing interest in chinese culture . 
  but the recent rapid rise in places like britain is mostly for utilitarian reasons , linked to china 's new role on the global stage , '' says xinsheng zhang , director of the language centre at london 's school of oriental and african studies . 
  more often than not , it is a perception that knowledge of chinese will be a vital asset in tomorrow 's job market that is driving demand , he says . 
  both in europe and the us , there are wide regional discrepancies when it comes to interest in learning chinese . 
  richer , more cosmopolitan areas tend to have higher demand : california and new york , partly because of their large migrant populations , have the highest figures in the us . 
  conversely , european countries such as italy or spain show less interest than in parts of northern europe . 
  in july , swedish education minister jan bj\u00f6rklund floated the idea of every school offering chinese classes to their students . 
  `` chinese will be much more important , from an economic perspective , than french or spanish , '' he told the dagens industri newspaper . 
  but the idea was put on the backburner after sceptics pointed to a tiny pool of teachers able to teach chinese . 
  some also wonder whether the rise of chinese language learning is too closely linked to its recent economic success -- with the risk that it could fade if growth in china were to flag . 
  `` it 's not unlike what happened with japanese in the late 80s , early 90s , '' says keith cothrun , director of world languages and cultures of the advance placement programme at the us college board . 
  `` the same [ growth ] happened with japanese , which is why i think american society is interested in learning chinese . '' but japanese has largely faded in high school curricula -- in some instances being displaced by chinese as an exotic language option . 
  another important factor is the financial support from beijing , which has stepped up the activities of the confucius institutes , a network of cultural diplomacy bodies tasked with increasing china 's `` soft power '' around the globe . 
  these institutes are often likened to germany 's goethe institute or the alliance fran\u00e7aise but are considerably more aggressive in pushing beijing 's worldview and shutting down discussion of any topics regarded as politically sensitive such as tibet or china 's human rights record . 
  `` the chinese government is supporting a lot of the chinese teaching in the us . 
  that is making a huge difference in chinese teaching in this country , '' said nancy rhodes , director of foreign language education the centre for applied linguistics . 
  the class at the providence high school in belgium is itself ultimately paid for by beijing , through a partnership between its local embassy and the belgian regional government . 
  mr mertens , the headmaster , thinks his students will not get far beyond the basic elements of the language , which is renowned as one of the trickiest to pick up , let alone master .
