  as long as they also learn something about the culture , he says , it is well worth their time . 
  `` it 's a country you have to understand nowadays , '' he argues . 
  additional reporting by johanna kassel in new york , jason abbruzzese in new york and jamil anderlini in beijing, 
  i 'm not in america . 
  i live in germany . 
  * there is nothing racist about insisting that people must not force children to be raped in the name of tradition * . 
  i have said nothing against any person of a certain race in my statements . 
  if a culture wishes to survive outside the boundaries of its homelands where rape is considered `` culture '' it must leave behind its primitive and evil practices . 
  just because the systematic rape of children is accepted where some people come from does not mean that they can import those practices into the civilized world . 
  yeah , i wonder why people like you are shitposting when european residents actually interested in discussing the continent like me are here just trying to pick up the pieces . 
  chinese is not an uncommon choice for kids to learn in school in europe . 
  not everyone has a superiority complex based on their white skin and geographic location at birth like you seem to . 
  some people are actually interested in different cultures . 
  everyone knows english comes from america, 
  i started dreading going to the store for that reason lol . 
  now i just glare back or talk to them slowly like you would talk to a baby . 
  works wonders . 
  oddly enough , when i 'm in netherlands i do n't run into the same phenomenon . 
  so how are the people whose third language is russian going to communicate with those whose third language is german ? 
  and how will they communicate with those whose third language is chinese or french ? 
  vastly ignorant to think that europe can magically communicate without english - everyone knows it and it does n't take fluency to accurately express your thoughts in the language . 
  also , you want to exclude all immigrants and expats who live in europe ? 
  not to mention , who are you to say that nobody outside europe has any right to discuss europe ? 
  europeans surely have no problem discussing the rest of the world ( albeit often from a pedestal as you have pointed out ) . 
  the glares i get for my broken german , i swear ... 
  yeah , because * you 'll * be able to understand every single non-english language in europe ? 
  i think not . 
  give me a break already , it 's the lingua franca . 
  not to mention that not every redditor knows about or cares to add flair . 
  then the culture is wrong and must be fixed or disposed of . 
  just because there are a lot of pro-erdogan supporters does n't mean they make up all turkish immigrants or even most of them . 
  i think the sweeping generalizations might be simplifying the issue . 
  what did i claim that was n't true ? 
  i do n't see any inconsistency . 
  i was n't hating on european culture in the beginning . 
  i was just saying europeans should n't hate on american culture . 
  i already gave you three examples of it , so idk why you specifically said `` non cartoon '' . 
  also not sure what being animated or not has to do with the quality of a show , but that 's none of my business . 
  i 've seen some flying circus and it 's pretty underwhelming like most monty python material . 
  holy grail was pretty good but i think that was their one hit to be honest . 
  brian and meaning of life felt really forced and devoid of cleverness in a literary sense . 
  going back now to some flying circus clips on youtube i 'm already nauseated by the really-trying-hard vibe coupled with the laugh-track-reminding-you-where-to-laugh bit , and the jokes are n't making it any better . 
  forced , yes . 
  laugh tracks , maybe . 
  but not funny . 
  roasted, 
  many of the foundations were there , but without the proper means for application . 
  we could go on and on about who made what , but the point is is that none of us would be doing anything we are doing today if if were n't for massive amounts of innovation from literally every place on the planet . 
  there is no room for anyone to act like their culture is superior , but people tend to assume that it is , to the point that they can not even fathom that an external source might have had influence on it . 
  the very foundations of modern civilization are totally founded on mathematics and numerical systems that the arabs came up with , for example , but god forbid anybody ask you to pay respect to or even acknowledge the achievements of another culture and their influence on your own . 
  you were saying that acting on racism is the problem . 
  acting on something and large scale events are not synonymous . 
  i do n't even understand what that first sentence is supposed to mean . 
  would you like to try again ? 
  organizing groups to spread hatespeech and violence is acting on those thoughts . 
  white supremacist groups do n't just pop up because of immigration . 
  the people who start and join those groups harbor preexisting racist ideas , they just come out of the woodwork when there are more people around that they hate . 
  it 's a downright apologist attitude to dismiss white supremacist groups as `` people [ being ] frustrated . '', 
  all industry ?? 
  that 's just downright silly . 
  america was a driving force in the industrial revolution . 
  you 're forgetting about interchangeable parts , the cotton gin , among others ... 
  it 's the first paragraph of wikipedia 's `` racism in sweden '' page . 
  apparently you guys have a lot of white supremacist organizations as well . 
  ick . 
  what does it matter to my point if they 're being shot ? 
  you do realize that blm is protesting more than just shootings right ? 
  institutional racism must be stopped regardless of what form it takes . 
  not a fan of family guy . 
  iasip , south park , curb , seinfeld , though , are all exquisite shows . 
  britain has yet to offer us anything of that caliber in the way of comedy . 
  monty python is good ( a couple decent films ) , let 's be honest , they 're a diamond in the rough . 
  fawlty towers was fun too but it was n't great . 
  john cleese is likely the only funny person in the country . 
   racism and xenophobia have been reported and investigated in sweden . 
  [ 1 ] according to the european network against racism , skin color , ethnic/religious background have significant impact on an individual 's opportunities in the labor market , affecting mainly roma , blacks , muslims and jews . 
  [ 2 ] some ethnic minorities , for example jews in the city of malm\u00f6 , are also at larger risk to face threats and violence . 
  [ 3 ] i 'd say it 's relevant . 
  and americanisation literally just means american culture having an influence outside of the country . 
  so , using that phone , or using this website , or using google , or using an ipod , or watching sitcoms or listening to rock music , are all results of americanisation . 
  i 'm just saying it 's hypocritical to hate the us and try to distance oneself from its culture when literally every place on the planet has had drastic cultural influence from there ( nk and china being the two notable exceptions ) . 
  well , in the case of being turkish and living in germany , there are a lot of reasons . 
  maybe you 're hated but at least you 're not living under fascism . 
  maybe you 're hated but the military police are n't going to gun you down for having a degree . 
  the list goes on . 
  not to mention not everyone can afford to just pick up their shit and move to a different country whenever they feel like it . 
  not everyone has that privilege . 
  for me , as an american , i feel hated in germany . 
  hated in all caps . 
  it really wears on me psychologically to be perfectly honest . 
  but , i do n't have a fear of police violence or incarceration here . 
  and i do n't like that out of every dollar i spent in america , some went to shelling children in the middle east and some went to systematically incarcerating black americans . 
  america is great if you can distract yourself from what you 're unwillingly apart of . 
  so , i 'd prefer to live here and deal with grumpy germans and their patented passive aggression than go back home . 
  if i came from a country like turkey i would probably feel even less homesick ... 
  actually , that 's an interesting example . 
  a useless british show that was adapted into something really clever . 
  i was actually specifically referencing the cinematography and filmography , as well as the `` purpose '' of shows and the emotional climate/acting delivery . 
  great film originated in the us and all acclaimed filmmakers , across the world , were and are influenced by american classics . 
  you did n't see akira kurosawa trying to deny what he learned from westerns .
