because we had the same problems . 
  we had no `` orders from above '' to stop people from voting , the declarations were not enough , people did n't understand what the deal was with them and they were freaking out because the supplementary lists were overused . 
  the comission had poor knowledge of the way things should work with the declarations . 
  you 've got to understand , i dislike ponta as much as the next guy , but people do tend to blame the issues of the day with the guy in power even if the guy in power has no control over it . 
  when bad things happen , logic goes out the window and people just go bezerk . 
  i was an independent observer back in romania . 
  i believe it 's not deliberate poor organisation , just really really shitty one . 
  the people in czech republic are really smart and i am stunned at the number of people that read over there . 
  most examples of public reading i 've seen in my life . 
  really makes me happy to see that . 
  you can vote with whoever you want . 
  cristian panait ( reaaly dubious case ) , plagiarized doctorate , imaginary master studies , lack of political direction , duplicitary character , transient promises are all reasons victor ponta should not become the next president . 
  hey , what does a question mark instead of the plane mean on flightradar ? 
  maybe the rebels are not a monolithic entity . 
  are you serious ? 
  you 're just leaving because you think there 's going to be a war ? 
  or are there any other reasons besides that ? 
  sure , but russia is also responsible for a lot of disinformation on its side . 
  well , at least they are n't tagging any minorities , eh ? 
  no , but better control over the fracking operations might mitigate the possible damage . 
  done right , we might not do that much damage . 
  so i 'm lost , is russia the wolf , the boy or what here ? 
  i 'm sorry , but that is complete bullshit . 
  russia does n't want ucraine to be russia , it wants ucraine to be a buffer between it and the western countries . 
  it wants to look strong . 
  ukraine has no chance in direct warfare with russia , but there 's a whole slew of problems arising from russia attacking ukraine , international treaties kicking into place and the various interests of other countries in the area . 
  also , ukraine has a population of around 45 million . 
  georgia was 4.5 million , finland is in the same area . 
  ukraine is 10 times as big . 
  it is a big country and it is not possible for russia to seize it by force and keep it so . 
  russia would n't even want that . 
  they only want it under their control . 
  in no , your fantasies of all-out warfare will not come to life , i 'm sorry . 
  russia will rig the referendum ( yes they will rig them , because who in their right mind would want to be a part of russia , really now ) and keep crimeea as a part of russia - crimeea never should have left russia in the first place . 
  ukraine will have payed for its independence from moscow with a piece of it . 
  it will somehow learn to live with a spiteful neighbor and hopefully not fall pray to nationalists and rusofobia . 
  russia will get international sanctions . 
  no other country on this green earth will ever relinquish their nuclear weapons . 
  probably the best course of action . 
  i just believe that there will come a time when technology will allow us to work less because we have to , and more because we enjoy to . 
  are you suggesting that the high rate of unemployment is the result of the 35 h workweek ? 
  they 're more like tech enthusiasts . 
  the basic idea is that with what we have right now , if we made it a goal , we could turn basic income into a reality . 
  also , basic income would have to come to all people of a nation . 
  not just the very poor . 
  this way there 's a net every human has and if they want more , they will work to fill the gap . 
  another idea i see thrown a lot is simply lowering the work hours. , because what point is to money if you do n't have leisure time ? 
  unrests always leave a power void and extremist parties always try to slither in and take control . 
  most of the times they fail , and i trust ukraine will not fall victim to this . 
  they handled themselves pretty well till now , i think they 'll be ok after all . 
  holy shit , what 's with the dip in production in may ? 
  i 'm romanian and things seemed pretty good on the charts , but then , bam !, 
  may . 
  oh , not only metal . 
  pretty much everything that is n't pinned down . 
  stealing . 
  aww , so cute , thanks for the appreciation ... :p we also fought the turks for a while , so we 've also got that in common . 
  but now we 're cool , we go there at the beach . 
   because a ton of buildings were thermally re-insulated . 
  this is very true , the effect of good thermal insulation is tremendous . 
  [ awww !, 
  ] ( http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20141104032750/degrassi/images/9/9a/fap-now-kiss-l.png ), 
  witch can not be transferred to new ownership . 
  i think you got the gist of it . 
  it 's a kind of our land is our land and it can not be taken ( or given ) away . 
  because the citizens of a country should absolutely be able to remove their president if they wish so replacing him with a goat if they so please . 
  in the meanwhile , another country dictating and choosing the leadership from outside is not kosher these days . 
  so your equivalence is built on shaky grounds . 
   if you read it the other way , ukraine deposed the elected president to install a eu-hand puppet . 
  this does not make even nearly as much sense as you think it does . 
  making scenarios like this might wind up with innocent civilians shot because someone had an itchy trigger finger because he was scared . 
  he saw something that was not there and thought he was in danger . 
  stupid deaths . 
  not a normal scenario by any means . 
  criminals do not usually target well-guarded criminal bases . 
  if those were enemy combatants , they would be war criminals , you have to agree on that . 
  and if you call them racist , you 're the one who 's out of touch with reality . 
  i am slightly concerned because of this . 
  if this were a real scenario , the `` wedding guests '' would be [ war ciminals ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perfidy ) . 
  why it 's concerning is because this trains the soldiers they should expect situations like this in real life , thus removing certain restraints they might have against firing on civilians . 
  it 's not the kind of war that should happen , but lately i 've seen the lines get so blurry and it 's disconcerting . 
  have you been to school in romania ? 
  the professors that are in the educational system since before the fall of communism are one of the weirdest bunch of people you can find . 
  some are good , really good but so exigent your brain explodes , some are terrifyingly bad and some are sadists that went mad with power . 
  it 's just ... wierd . 
  and you know very well how much communism was at odds with the intellectual elite , i ca n't imagine how such a system can be good at producing great intellectuals . 
  the question still stands . 
  why do you think that is the result of communism ? 
  in romania , i do not feel people appreciate education as much as they should . 
  when i see communist nostalgia , my hears weeps for such selective memory , for being able to forget the sad state that got us . 
  i guess people really do n't learn from mistakes . 
  the current it environment has nothing to do with the previous generation of engineers . 
  it is a result of piracy and good internet accessibility . 
  ask most of those in it , did they learn the ropes from gray-haired ex-communist programmers ? 
  or did they just dive into the mass of information that is the internet and played around ? 
  i have not met a single individual that has any business with it and got started before the fall of communism with anything remotely tangential to it . 
  also , my dad was an electrician in a big research center before the fall of communism . 
  according to his accounts , except for a few notable exceptions , most people working there had no business being engineers . 
  i read a bit about the soviet education system - witch our system was based on - it was not good at building knowledge and actually helping people learn , but it was good at filtering those that were already good and capable . 
  the requirements were high , a lot of work to be done , who managed to get through , good , who did n't ... well , tough luck .
