  education is supposed to make you better , not filter out people who already know and are able from those who are not yet there . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  did the society go from agrarian to an industrial one ? 
  yes it did . 
  did the education system produce high quality intellectuals ? 
  good engineers ? 
  i would say no , it did not . 
  they did teach more things , but in a wrong way . 
  just rote memorization , conventional thinking , listening to authority . 
  that kind of thing . 
  education is in such a sad sad state precisely because of communism . 
  i 'd like for a bootloader capable of initializing the baseband processor for really basic call functions . 
  so that even if your os software is messed up , you are still able to have basic telephone functions . 
  you can far more easily mess up the bootloader than the bios . 
  also , your phone always boots from internal flash , i want to have the option to boot from a stick or from the internal sd card or whatnot . 
  a phone like that would not be easly brickable . 
  people would n't be that afraid to experiment . 
  i 'd send you a screenshot but i 'm on my laptop and it 's running windows so i feel like a traitor . 
  i 'd just like for somebody to strap a bios to a smartphone and allow me to install whatever shit i want without freaking out i might brick my unit . 
  well , maybe you should give it another try , because i installed ubuntu on my main computer for around 6 months and it 's been pretty smooth . 
  things have changed . 
  personally , i dislike android and what google is doing with it , but i do n't interact much with it so ... what do i know ... 
  i have literally never had a problem . 
  okay , once , when i configured my internet connection a pppoe and did n't know how to change it back . 
  but besides that , it runs pretty smooth . 
  i could plug linux on my pop 's computer and he would n't even know what 's up . 
  it works right out of the box and i did n't have to install any drivers for it . 
  maybe i 'm missing something , but ubuntu has become very stable and usable and i think maybe we 're stuck in the same mantra of `` hum dum , linux is hard '' that maybe was valid a couple of years ago , but not anymore . 
  in my oppinion , linux can be very stable , especially in the way corporations and the state are using it : putting it on pretty much the same hardware , with specialized software running on the units . 
  it is my opinion that is a good thing . 
  when you 're young , you go through college and do n't appreciate it as much as you would when you tried a couple of things in your life . 
  all my older college colleagues were far more interested in actually studying , more involved and i think learned more during college than their younger counterparts . 
  i think self-loathing is a hallmark of western societies . 
  that really does not help you get your point across . 
  are you talking about my post ? 
  and are you suggesting i 'm some kind of spd shill ? 
  if so , you 're sorely mistaken . 
  i 've been out these past 5 days in the street so i 'm totally against this shit they 're doing . 
  i just point out that we have to choose our battles . 
  we have to go out and be loud when we are sure of the negative effects . 
  else , if we go out and protest unknowingly , we open ourselves to valid criticism of not knowing what we stand for . 
  i find a good analogy for this fight with boxing . 
  spd went and pushed and commited too much to one attack and lost their balance . 
  we countered , and now they 're retreating , their balance is on the back leg . 
  to give a ko , we do n't have to loose our balance but to strike fast powerful punches in combination , but aware of every opening in their guard , and making sure of not lowering ours . 
  after all , this might be just a feint . 
  i would n't go nuts about it yet . 
  the parlament law might be reasonable , clarifying the abuse law was asked by the ccr and they 'll have to do it eventually , and i 'm sure that if they want to , they 're able to make a decent , clear , functional law that does n't hamper the anti-corruption fight . 
  or maybe i 'm just optimistic , but i refrain for saying anything untill i see the proposed text . 
  apparently , a startup fund aimed at small and medium firms , with governmental money had been decreed through oug . 
  this fund has the nice , round sum of 200 000 ron per business . 
  while i 'm all for supporting new businesses , this sounds incredibly fishy . 
  more discussion here : https://www.reddit.com/r/romania/comments/5rtsrh/coincidenta/ i do n't know what to say about this , it 's just a theory at this point but it kinda ' fits . 
  we 're getting ridiculous calls from fake-news media for prosecuting the chief prosecutor . 
  i think the action of the chief prosecutor is the most surprising , but they unearthed some legislation that apparently lets them suspend the effect of the ordinance , buying us more time . 
  i do n't know the status of that , and frankly i find it hard to understand all the legal mumbo-jumbo , but i 'm surprised it is n't more talked about . 
   suggesting that this is tyranny of majority . 
  i did not suggest such a thing , i just pointed out that the majority is not always right . 
  i did mention tha irrelevant if you agree with the tyranny of the majority theory or not , this is not the case here . 
  the majority simply does not want this oug to pass . 
  the govt . 
  knows that , that 's why they refused to listen and wait to the referendum the elected president wanted and when and gave legislation hiding , in the night . 
   anyway , regardless of this outlook , whether you or i am wrong , that is not the case here , this decission is against even a big part of their own electorate . 
   sure , we 're not oppressed , we just see the fruits of our labor wasted . 
  and i did not try pushing that argument for this particular case , i was just pointing out that the majority might not always be right . 
  actually , as you can see above , i conceded that this is nto the case here . 
   you are essentially suffering from severe cognitive dissonance , because the political outcome is the opposite of what you want , but also a direct outcome of system of democratic republic , something you clearly view as a net positive . 
  so you start looking for a scapegoat . 
  maybe i am suffering from congnitive dissonance . 
  but that is largely irrelevant because i think lovers of democracy do n't suggest for elected officials , once they won , to go against the will of the same people that voted them . 
   what you and many others in this thread arrived at is a fairly common mass hallucination . 
  we recently observed the same factor on brexit in uk and trump 's election in us from people opposing those . 
  fact is , that this is indeed nothing but a hallucination . 
  when you participate in a democratic process and lose , you are expected to accept the result . 
  not doing so is patently undemocratic , and paints you as nothing but a sore loser who can not accept his loss . 
   to summarize : yes , you can in fact ignore the minority in the country when it comes to deciding policy , even if its a large minority on policy , as long as democratic process was respected in arriving to said policy . 
  that is how democratic republics govern , and this is by design . 
  i see this as a fetishization of democracy . 
  democracy works simply because everybody gets something out of it . 
  you might not agree with all that passes , but overall , you 're pretty ok with it or at least , not too disturbed . 
  when that breaks down and a large swath of population does not get anything in return , the state begins to break down since participating in that democracy is nor advantageous for the individual . 
  so yes , i do assert that in a democracy you need to keep the overwelming majority happy in order for it to be able to function as a democracy . 
  and even if it were not so , even if i were wrong , if a democracy hooses something that you are fermly convinced is wrong and will produce much suffering and sorrow , should you sit back , say that 's what the people voted and watch the horror show unfold ? 
  i think not , blindly accepting what is happening is not how people got to where they are and you can not force me to accept something i disagree on a basic level . 
  if i am to be forced to do something the majority wants you fight , leave or secede . 
  and this is what it might end up at . 
  what is the absurd hyperbole , mind you ? 
  i saw the discussion we were having as 2 disjunct issues : 1 ) that the majority can/can ' t decide for the minority indifferent of what they decide or how much the minority is bothered 2 ) that my country has the majority of people against this oug . 
  what the hyperbole regarding pct1 or pct2 ? 
  sory for my musings regarding the rest , but they were more my reflections rather than trying to convince you of anything . 
   and no , the entire point of winning the democratic mandate to governance is that you do not have to cede anything to the loser . 
  you won , they lost . 
  you get to set the policy . 
  if your policy is acceptable to electorate , you 'll win the next elections . 
  if it is n't , opponents will win and it 's their turn to do the same . 
  that is totally not true , you have to find a middle way so all the country is represented and happy . 
  if 45 % of the population is underrepresented , you 've got a revolution on your hands . 
  you ca n't ignore the rest of the country , even if they did not vote for you , they are still your friggin ' country !, 
  you need only 3.5 % of the population to go to the streets to have a revolution on your hand . 
  chanting `` 55 % voted for me ! '',
