i only throw out condescension at those deserving of it . 
  and i 'm not aiming that rhetoric at every briton just the stark raving kind who believe that the eu is some demonic organisation bent on subvention of the british will . 
  britain signed the treaties , just as every other member did . 
  whether there was a popular vote on it was entirely a national decision . 
  be angry at your political establishment for leading you up the garden path , but that is not the fault of the eu or any other member states . 
  and do n't paint other members as an adversary who are forcing britain against her will . 
  in the eyes of many of your countrymen europe is seen as the bad guys always out to do you over , from our perspective it 's quiet insulting . 
  we all came together as equals and you can leave as easily as you entered . 
  just do n't expect everyone to jump when you shout . 
  hopefully it is just the echo chamber effect , but it is mindbogglingly frustrating . 
  so much fud so little fact or reason . 
  no i said `` some '' not `` all '' . 
  there are plenty of sane comments but it 's striking the quantity and popularity of the comments which paint the eu as the soviet union . 
  guardian , daily mail , telegraph et al comments . 
  it 's amazing the reaction from some brits , they swear that this is a merkel diktat and some sort of conspiracy against them , like the eu should just go with whatever they want . 
  it 's as if they 're not one member of a club with 27 other nations . 
  they agreed to rules passed by international treaty and any change requires the consent of all parties , not just whatever they want . 
  they are like toddlers . 
  it 's impossible to work with them . 
  ireland has experienced this before and to a lesser extent it is still happening today . 
  a huge proportion of third level graduates have left to work in england/us/canada / australia , it was highest in the 80s and 90s and crept back up in the last 5 years . 
  there simply were no opportunities for them here . 
  however a significant proportion of those who left came back after a number of years with new skills and experience . 
  they set up new business or worked for multinationals who were attracted here by the high level of skills available and the good business culture . 
  i would imagine the same will happen in time with eastern europe . 
  it may take more time then you or i would like but it will get there . 
  if you close the doors you will only end up hurting yourselves . 
  science has quiet a bit of ivory tower fields as well , much of theoretical physics for instance has no foreseeable economic function , but that does not mean it 's not worth exploring . 
  it 's a biblical term , it basically means an academic field with little or no practical application in the economy . 
  well that was the reason why the writers of our constitution chose stv . 
  whether you agree with their reasons is an entirely different matter . 
  my own opinion of our constitution is that it needs to be torn up and rewritten from scratch . 
  it needs to be secular and needs a party list electoral system . 
  in ireland 's case it immediately after independence we went for stv ( single transferable vote ) as it is objectively the fairest . 
  after centuries of being ruled by westminster government we did not recognise nor elect , we wanted to be sure every citizen of our republic had a fair share in our democracy . 
  excepting we do n't collect those taxes . 
  that 's what the recent ruling was about . 
  ireland only collects taxes on sales made in ireland . 
  say an iphone is sold in an apple store in london . 
  the uk wo n't tax profits on it because the company that sold it is has listed it 's tax base in ireland . 
  ireland wo n't tax it because it was not sold in ireland . 
  technically it will be taxed by the usa when the money is sent back to their hq in california . 
  apple get around this by never moving the money back to the usa . 
  because the eu is about balancing the demands of 28 member states . 
  one country simply ca n't have everything it wants . 
  that would make every other country vassals of the british empire . 
  the eu is a club with privileges and obligations , the british just want the privilege without the obligations . 
  for it to turn around requires concerted political action to calm the markets . 
  a stable government with a credible plan to maintain trade relations with the uk 's largest trading partner , and to reforge trading links with the world that will be severed when you leave eu . 
  what have you got in reality ? 
  your two largest parties are in turmoil , there is no leadership coming from any direction , no one has a plan . 
  it 's going to be months before either party has a leader and then they will lack democratic legitimacy to negotiate , so there will have to be an election . 
  the election will mainly be fought on the grounds of the eu negotiation , with some fighting for severing all links and others for becoming members of the eea and the lib dems are even going to campaign to halt the eu exit . 
  meanwhile multi nationals will be moving operations overseas because the risk to their business of a complete withdrawal of the single market is too big a risk to take . 
  all of this political uncertainty is going to last well into 2017 , by which stage when someone credible is finally in charge , the economy will be in a full blown recession . 
  they will have to introduce an emergency budget to lower government spending to keep pace with lowering exchequer receipts , creating a recessionary spiral . 
  after dealing with all of that the negotiations on eu exit will finally start ( if they start ) . 
  scotland may be half way out the door at this stage . 
  all of this is still creating uncertainty and preventing investment in the economy , prolonging the recession . 
  the eu is not going to be doing britain and special favors , they will offer a deal along the lines of norway or switzerland , i.e. 
  free movement of people and contributions to the eu budget , which is actually a worse deal than what you had before . 
  or the uk can leave the single market and have a trade deal like canada which is a lot less comprehensive and does nothing to lower non tariff barriers to trade . 
  tl ; dr you ai n't seen nothing yet . 
   believe that he saw that this was the direction that the eu was going to go and the uk inside the eu had a choice : follow france and germany 's lead , to britain 's detriment ; or seek more and more opt outs to protect our economy . 
  while i did n't vote for it , i 'm not convinced that britain 's choice to leave was n't the best one . 
  i think ireland is in the enviable position that they can watch how it goes and make a much more educated decision in the future . 
  by leaving you have n't solved the problem with german and french protectionist tendencies , all you have done is given up trying . 
  german and french businesses will still export and compete with british businesses both domestically and globally and so you will be effected by it either way . 
   i 'm not sure it 's fair to say the scottish are leaving for similar reasons to the irish though . 
  ireland was treated terribly ( essentially as a colony ) , while scots has been treated pretty much identically to the english ( with many english arguing that scotland should n't get ~ # 2000 per capita more per year than the uk average ) . 
  that i think is a bit of a nationalist myth . 
  in the 19th century the irish underclass were treated no better or worse than the english or scottish underclass , the ruling class treated them all with equal contempt . 
  there has always been irish , scottish , english and welsh nationalism , the difference was there was no industrial revolution in ireland due to a lack of coal and iron deposits on the island and so it was economically left behind . 
  had ireland been the one with the industry history would have been very different . 
  similarly scottish nationalism is today fuelled by the inequity between the prosperous south of england and the post industrial scotland . 
  that and the imbalance of power in parliament with the population concentrated in southern england , just as it was in the 19th century . 
  there is a similar affect happening in northern england and wales however it 's manifesting less as nationalism and more with apathy for politics and the entire political class , the brexit referendum being one of its effects . 
  the relationship between ireland and uk as you know is extremely complex . 
  there is still anti english sentiment in ireland held by a minority of people , but the vast majority are happy to be friends these days . 
  there are more irish in england and more english in ireland than any other europeans ( probably excluding scottish in england ) . 
  we do n't even see the english as foreigners so much , at least not in the same way as other europeans , similar to how scottish and welsh probably perceive english . 
  irish people have all the same rights as the english do in england , we can vote in your general elections , work , live and claim benefits on equal status with english . 
  the same goes for the english in ireland , the only thing they ca n't do is vote in the presidential elections ( our president and your queen fulfil similar roles ) . 
  after all 100 years ago the republic of ireland was an intrinsic part of the uk . 
  the united kingdom broke apart once before when we left and it is happening again with scotland , the reasons why are similar . 
  in europe the irish and uk delegations shared many common goals and interests . 
  the idea of a federal europe has no more support here than it does over in england . 
  we are an open trading economy , we compete for jobs on a european and global basis . 
  the uk was the loudest voice for deregulation and anti state support of private companies . 
  the germans and the french want to be able to pump public money into their private companies to shore up their domestic political support . 
  this would be to ireland and the uk 's detriment ( this is the same reason why the uk government could n't support port talbot btw ) . 
  you 're right , it 's down to pure pragmatism . 
  i myself am irish of mixed heritage and i have never been a nationalist . 
  i have been happy with the status quo of the past 2 decades . 
  i have never sought a united ireland but for the first time in my life i can see that as a true possibility . 
  for a century irish republicans have been appealing to the irish identity of those in northern ireland , some of whom were and are openly hostile to that identity and many more simply do n't share that identity . 
  the complacent people of ni were happy with the status quo as it was the most pragmatic . 
  they certainly did n't support the violent terrorists in their nationalistic fervour . 
  the complacent people of northern ireland and the republic of ireland are no longer going to be for the status quo , because the status quo will no longer exist . 
  scotland will break apart the uk .
