our society has a lot of idiots . 
  but r/european stupidity is insane, 
  i actually like most moslems but the converts are horrible . 
  they are the most radicals , the most agressive ones ... 
  r/eu and r/europes are more left wing and r/european is more or less a nazi subreddit ( this is no overstatement ) . 
  most of the people in r/eu and r/europes are anoyed as fck by the right wings in this subreddit while r/european are all banned for racsim , facism and stuff . 
  i am sorry for your family ;( its not easy to have a mentally retarded family member . 
  i wish the best for them, 
  well as far as i know croatia has one things that the eu wants to support . 
  tourism !, 
  well why we just dont put nato/un camps there ? 
  with blue helm troops supporting them ? 
  we have control over the refugees ( not like in turkey where they can do what ever they want ) . 
  yes good exampel are the three lawyers of beate zsch\u00e4pe . 
  all of them where young lawyers ( around 30 ) and with ironical names : heer , stahl and sturm which are words that you often will find if you look into german history, 
  it isnt his lawyer anymore, 
  isnt it the same circlejerk as allways ? 
  oh all the muslims . 
  its planned . 
  its a planed invasion . 
  you are trying to pull this only about migration and migrants . 
  i tell you that the problem is bigger and their are indeed german citiziens who have german family and went to church their hole life also go fight for isis ( and for some reason this one tend to be the most radical ones ) . 
  you try to say : problem = migrants but its a problem that affects multiple kind of people . 
  also their are enough mercenerys and normal people fighting for the is . 
  i tell you the problem are the guys that went to syria to fight for is and just go back with their passports and maybe will do an attack at some point . 
  you just say . 
  yes this are migrants . 
  you add nothing to my statement, 
  i didnt defend anybody . 
  `` walked up hill in the snow to school '' ... yea quite the same as walking around 2000km, 
  enough germans in syria that where no migrants . 
  yes exactly . 
  also most in parts of the world that never `` saw '' nazism and facism like thailand , southern usa , arabian states , southern parts of afrika . 
  the ideas still exist and are quite popular in some places in the world bc they never saw the face of nazism . 
  over all we are close to zero . 
  the chance of a attack happening is close to 0 . 
  people are actually underastimating how much our secrete services/police are doing . 
  they actually stop far more attacks then there is talked about . 
  actually the migrants are the smaller problem . 
  the far bigger is by europeans that return to europe . 
  also the is is losing on many fronts and cant really afford to send people towards europe . 
  yes . 
  walking through half europe is not traveling ... well done bro . 
  while being dictators, 
  i am sure a person that rules the 4th most important global player for 10 years now is a bad politican and you want to know what ? 
  i am sure she will be in power for another 6 years . 
  when somebody tells you that compared to somebody , donald trump is a serious politican you really should question that persons political skills . 
  just wait until we call the normany meckelburg vorpommern . 
  harder and stronger, 
  thats like saysing that their is cats in cat food . 
  `` now people will never trust them again . '', 
  yea not like the right didnt fuck up ever and people still vote for them . 
  alone the possibility of russia defeating nato is funny . 
  how would you even think that would be possible ? 
  isnt russia allways provoked by something ? 
  i agree . 
  their was allways a bit of discussion with armenia and azerbaijan but never with uzbekistan and kyrgyzstan ... they are next to afganistan . 
  also on numbers that small it could be possible that all new 6 rapes per year where commited by one single pervert . 
  because they dont know the downsides of his reign . 
  they dont know about the war vs the kurds or the opression by him . 
  400bn $ is a joke instead of using it for something useful ... 
  no actually sch\u00e4uble isnt that great politicans . 
  he is good with numbers but forces us to the `` schwarze null '' black zero ( no new debts ) and its neither good for the country nor their politics . 
  at first moment you read : oh no more debts is good but in reality it isnt very good . 
  schulz , steinmeier and hamburgs mayor scholz all look like viable canidates but schulz is more or less the king of europe and in a good position in brussel so it would be bad for germany to take him away . 
  steinmeier is quite old and such a good foreign secretary that he would be better their then kanzler . 
  hamburgs mayor olaf scholz is very charismatic and a very nice guy but lacks the experience to govern a state like germany even though i would like him as kanzler . 
  also i am pretty sure we all would be pretty happy to be rescued by a ship or ? 
  one minute in / r/shitamericanssay is enough, 
  only a ministry against black magic is missing their ... 
  yes . 
  many americans actually beleave that they invented the pizza while it was actually invented somewhere in the 16-17th hundret in italy ... 
  actually we really need people like you in some parts of our economy . 
  you like old people ? 
  gb is a industry nation that lifes from producing and shipping things . 
  norway is a recourse country . 
  they are selling their resources . 
  norway has a small population on lots of resource while gb has a quite high population on not so much resources . 
  also lots of young people from western europe coming to study medicine or other subjects that are super hard to study in their home countrys . 
  with the time the hard truth around how refugees are treated in turkey is showing . 
  neither are they allowed to move on , to work or anything else and some of them even get deported back to syria and their asylum process goes up to 2021 ... 
  they wont . 
  their is not a single relevant muslim in german politics ( \u00f6dzdemir does n't count ), 
  yes horrible times . 
  i had to work this week ? 
  would you imagine ? 
  we are year 2016 not 1216 . 
  we are so poor and miserable that we need to work ... 
  is that good or bad ? 
  smoking weed always was good for being more creative, 
  rittersport, 
  if direct democracy would be a real thing the world would be doomed in one week, 
  their are still a lot high born people like belatrix von storch ( her family has their `` land '' in north germany and she married the lord of oldenburg ) . 
  johann von und zu guttenberg ( his family is very rich ca . 
  400 million to 1 billion $ ) and they are the landlords of unterfranken ( lower frankonia ) . 
  gloria von turn und taxis ( wealth astimated around 400 million $ ) they are from regensburg ( easter bavaria ) . 
  most of them still are very rich and have huge land ownerships and many of them are included in very famous companys ( faber castell for exampel ) . 
  they have no official power and the rights of normal people but often they play a decent role in local politics . 
  also its quite easy to climb the ranks in politics with an important name and a rich family . 
  fuck that guy !,
