  propably tells random people about pizzagate , chemtrails and tthe jewsish world government . 
  then complains aboutt getting looked weird . 
  the us ? 
  yes lets go ham . 
  wie should become mad nationalists now . 
  allways worked out !, 
  whatt theeee fu\u00fcuuuuuck, 
  der name is programm, 
  more propaganda is best propaganda, 
  less ? 
  i think both have close to 0 qualification for beeing president . 
  i agree but hillary wasnt a bad canidate from the beginning and also not on the paper . 
  she was the logical safe hyrarchie pick that was obvious for years . 
  the republicans just made it look like she was the worst thing the dnc ever produced and that for some reason she is the evil on this planet ( litterly made that one up out of air and hateful minds ) . 
  i think this entire campaign doesnt teach much about picking a bad canidate but how to be able to ruin the reputation of a completly normal politcian by a mix of lies , half lies and fake news . 
  clinton didnt lose bc she was a bad canidate . 
  she didnt won bc she wasnt a great canidate . 
  a lbj or teddy roosevelt or reagen ( even though he was a moron ) would have survived this and won the election but she didnt have the qualities to rescue this . 
  i actuallly dont think that clinton was not a proper canidate . 
  sure a lot of people dont like her and she isnt a carismatic inspiring leader but what she is that she is a reliable normal politican who works hard to archive his goals , tries to do the best as good as she can . 
  yes i am not defending everything that was in her emails . 
  and i dont defend that you could buy time with her ( even though i dont think there are many politicians that will never do that , and never did it . 
  i think as bad it is its completly normal ) i think she is a solid choice for a president . 
  she maybe aint obama but she is still way better then the trumpet . 
  i even would have prefered a real politican from the republicans . 
  bush , kasich , rubio , romney or mccain . 
  all of them would have been better then trump . 
  world politics are not a thing you want to be handled by amatures . 
  it is like a brain surgery . 
  you dont want a goofy 70th year old guy doing it that never did it or anything like it before . 
  welcome to the nice world of post faction and fake news . 
  `` god have mercy on us . 
  the new ulm world order will decide our fate . '', 
  no the ulm world order . 
  the world wouldnt be able to with stand a new ult world order . 
  i hope you mean your self with `` scum '' . 
  go home you are drunk, 
  na some kind of people just like to be mad, 
  oh look a new reddit account trolling about muslims , merkel and refugees . 
  how creative, 
  how could belgium and netherlands take in 1 million ? 
  thats 1/8 of their population ... 
  i agree that we should be positive of human rights and our constitutions but maybe we should still look at this carefully . 
  she all ready did listen the people . 
  we completly changed our asylum laws , increased deportations by a factor of 20 or so ? 
  we are deporting people to fcking afghanistan now . 
  we made deal with turkey to keep refugees outside europe and we increased our budget in anti terror fighting . 
  she actually did listen to the right wing people but these people just dont care . 
  at this point she could heal aids , malaria and fight of isis alone and the right wing would still hate on merkel on every single aspect . 
  she is germanys obama now ... 
  somehow everything is her fault and it really doesnt matter what she does . 
  also dont forget that in 2014 and early 2015 most germans favored her acting on the refugee crisis in hungary . 
  people where totally fine with like 70 % approval of letting them in . 
  but who cares ? 
  we are living post fact time now . 
  also you cant really blame her bc the situation in hungary was at the point of becoming a major fuck up ( and i dont speak of little fuck up . 
  it could have gone really really worse ) and someone needed to act ... 
  but muh muh refugees bad . 
  merkel fault . 
  all germans hate her now muh muh, 
  i like how france and germany are overrun by muslim terrorists with millions of kids that will outbread germans but at the same time we are homogenous ( with 20 % `` diversity '' ) . 
  the mental gymnastics are strong in this one . 
  incoming angry americans . 
  both germany and russia . 
  its strange . 
  while they are immigrants them self they are highly opposing immigration as a whole and argue that their immigration is ok bc they are german by blood . 
  also they hate muslims like a lot . 
  every german that knows a lot of german russians ( i work in security buisness and my gf is german russian ) will confirm this . 
  and the people that allready grew up in russia are the worst of them all . 
  most of them are nice honest hard working people but if it comes to politics and immigration rt news is litterly talking out of their mouth . 
  scary shit . 
  also they still have for some reason very good relationship with russia and see it like their `` home '' and motherland and defend it most of the time . 
  its a bit confusing i agree with you here . 
  `` russian-germans '' `` seems like this does not target far-right populism . '', 
  actually they are a major target for the right wing . 
  some bigger russian german communitys ( more putin leaning ) allready worked together with pegida and the afd . 
  lots of them are ultra nationalistic, 
  yep at somepoints all will colapse . 
  fun fact : christoph daum is the person with the highest measured cocain content ( in blood ) ever in cologne . 
  fuck them i 've got mine . 
  `` afghan must solve its problems somehow , stop having such a large birth rate , which `` produces '' too many people who end up poor , which leads them to taliban or to europe . '', 
  captain obvious here . 
  i am sure the people in afghanistan never thought about just not being poor anymore . 
  they just better should have asked u. 
  yep send them back into a country where our own troops are active . 
  from around 1200 districts only 38 are verified as `` save '' . 
  i am all for deporting people from western africa , north afrika ( without lybia ) and other nationalities but deporting afghan people ? 
  a country we fucked up so badly ? 
  also one of the deported was a man from bayreuth ( bavaria ) . 
  he was here since 5 years now and worked for a local company . 
  he lived in his own appartment . 
  the company tried to safe him several times from deportation but it didnt matter . 
  this is inhuman, 
  my mom is 50 now and she told me that she was allways careful when she was cycling home from partying . 
  i am sure this is as old as humanity, 
  `` i do n't see why that 's such a difficult concept to some extreme-left people . '', 
  you dont need to be a extreme left person to know that this is bullshit . 
  also the right for asylum is still a human law and everyone can appeal for it . 
  refugees can come from all over the world ... also somebody needed to adress the problem after 100.000 refugee stuck in hungary . 
  if germany didnt grant them access to germany they still would be stuck in hungary .
