  i will be one of the first to be comanded to the armys ... 
  seriously makes me worried . 
  not exactly made up assaults but other crimes . 
  in my city ( i work as a security guard in refuguee camp so i am allways informed ) with 50.000 inhabitants there are around 600 refuguees . 
  there where several storys about my city on right wing sites ( or right wing sites that try to be russian ) that refuguees from my camp did : eat coats and sheeps aswell as horses , steal , assault , shit on the street . 
  not one of this claims was ever true . 
  people talk shit when the day is long . 
  why ? 
  they need structure . 
  the thing is that this entire crisis is so much easier to controll and handel with a more structered way and if this centres help to give this crisis any structure it will help a lot . 
  i think she does a very decent job most of the time . 
  ( maybe not with the refuguee crisis , but she is one of the last leaders that doesnt run arround like a headless chicken blaming other people ), 
  this ties did serious work to calm down cold war and helped getting russia back on their feet after the downfall of the ussr, 
  pssssh dont tell him . 
  he needs an explanation for him why somethings are bad . 
  let him have his german hate !, 
  pssssh dont tell him . 
  he needs an explanation for him why somethings are bad . 
  let him have his german hate !, 
  turning in for the zeus vs allah super sunday late night fight . 
  fucking a pig is class of course !, 
  other british countrys use sheeps . 
  the english man is far more advanced and fucks a pig !, 
  i think at some point the birthrate under the muslim population will drop for the same reasons they drop in the western population . 
  like 3 % of germans are muslim ? 
  dont see how they will be 51 % anywhere in the several next hundret years . 
  their were no relevant expansions in the last 15 - 20 years . 
  what are they gon na do with our german millionairs ? 
  i am seriously worried about my money :d, 
  are there any screenshot what he posted ? 
  would be relevant bc the right of speach is given to some point but when it goes from `` hating '' to call for attacks on refuguees it changes of course . 
  burning it down has nothing to do with protesting against it ... 
  not sure if this one is any relevant this days . 
  yes . 
  the 80s ... so peacefull . 
  raf where great people who wanted world peace ... or the 90s with this lovely little incident on the balcan ... 
  so peaceful times . 
  this remembers me for this german student that got shot by this american when he entered his garage ... 
  so you think several hundrets of islamists ( maybe some thousend ) will destroy one of the oldest , biggest , strongest countrys on the world ? 
  france got fucked by the british for 100 years . 
  fucked by germans ( holey roman empire , frankonians , ww1 , ww2 ) for 1000 year ( we dont count napoleons time here ) . 
  you had wars with many countrys but the state of france allways recovered . 
  not even a revolution where they killed most of the french `` elite '' and made them leader less lead towards the downfall of france . 
  you think some islamists will do that ? 
  yes they dont deserve to be german but how do you know they will herass woman before you give them citizenship ? 
  also many people in saudia arabia support the is . 
  and people that flee from him or assad are no real sunnis for them . 
  so the saudis see them as `` atheists '' and this for dont want to help them . 
  iran will not take sunnis . 
  armenia is dirty poor . 
  israel doenst take any muslims . 
  the shit goes on . 
  yes aswell as they ignited hate in europe . 
  thats what they want . 
  first of all they dont care about refuguees ( this are mostly muslims that dont want to be with the islamic state and so on they are no real sunnis/muslims ) . 
  so they would be fine with dead refuguees aswell as the hate going on between the european countrys . 
  it was used by the nazis to before ww2 but `` stated '' in the ww1 . 
  they used it to make the poeple angry on jews . 
  i \u00b4 d emigrate if i would live in a corrupt mafia state ... gg everyone who ` s responsible . 
  like seriously . 
  islamist are a big problem and cults like this but no reason to be an asshole, 
  getting shitfaced is more a thing from 15-19 . 
  after that most people calm down and just sit in bars or dance a bit ( this dependes on which kind of people hang out ), 
  who even gives a fuck about russian propaganda ? 
  big parts of russia a more like the cold version of the wild west then a normal country . 
  this country struggles with corruption , finances , orginiaised crimes , facist , communists , outlaws , drug addicts , hiv and stuff . 
  all things germany doesnt . 
  they should shut fuck up and watch for their own problems because every problem of them is bigger then what happend in cologne . 
  yes . 
  germans allways loved to visit paris, 
  so in the city of steinkirchen right wings designed their float as a german ww2 tiger tank with the signs : ( right side ) ilmtaler asylabwehr ( ilmtaler anti-asyldefence ) as well as in the front part of the tank : `` asyl wir schaffen das ??? '', 
  ( asyl can we do it ??? ) . 
  i know political correctnes sucks but at somepoint you really should watch out . 
  this really dumb and doesnt help their political partys at all ... 
  what would you do when you are getting attacked by another country that also breaks your own country in 2 with propaganda and support ? 
  they destroy your cities , your unity , your army , the richest parts after kiev ? 
  well the only real thing ukraine could do is to fuck the economy of russia . 
  thats the only weapon they had ... edit : i agree with you in the point of another revolution . 
  but i think this one will be even more violent then the first one . 
  i think the country will completly split uppard . 
  in eastern germany . 
  its a bit like tschernobyl . 
  it was a former chemisty city ( mainly for photography i think ) but no one lives their anymore ( like 4/5 of all houses are empty ) . 
  this was an important city in the ddr and they just dumbed all chemistry into the lakes around it . 
  or the ussr clusterfuck . 
  where everyone hates everyone as well as everyone loves everyone ... 
  i will never understand their relationships to each other . 
  the only thing i remember that everyone hats the azjerbajans right ? 
  some people need to learn to shut up, 
  bamberg in germany . 
  edit : i am stupid as fuck . 
  missread the titel lel . 
  well seems to be bitterfeld . 
  looks like tschernobyl without nuclear shit but with chemistry shit . 
  former big industry state now very empty . 
  kaliningrad now a days, 
  that is great . 
  everytime people tell me that the world war 3 will be the end of humanity bc of nuclear weapons then i show them this clip . 
  as well as tell them that their so many accounts where they actually had to press the button ... but no one did . 
  at this point i am sure that the human brain is stopping us from destroying the world .
