  but they will not be able to do in future . 
  since making changing diapers an sexual crime http://www.slate.com/blogs/xx_factor/2016/09/16/arizona_child_sexual_abuse_law_guts_due_process_for_parents_and_caregivers.html, 
  very happy for you that your billionaires are very rich . 
  the avarage american isnt . 
  everytime some one has to die on cancer bc he cant pay the medical bills . 
  maybe not super shitty but a bit shitty . 
  a country , where people go to work 3h after giving birth to a child bc their is no maternity leave , is shitty, 
  actually no one uses brown coal . 
  its a bout black coal . 
  hahaha . 
  he is like the last person in line to become chancellor . 
  he is a stupid boring incompetent bureaucrat conservative with the rethoric ability of wayne rooney . 
  well libya isnt really stable at all, 
  this entire `` fine volkswagen = losing workplaces '' is pretty stupid ... 
  it was created by vw to dodge fines ... 
  ah same as the story , that summer 2016 their will come up to 4 million ... 
  the balkan route is closed , turky also and the amount of refugee coming through lybia will also slow down . 
  maybe refugee crisis isnt completly over but neither is it anywhere close to summer 2015, 
  i am sure world will be good place if all have that attitude , 
  is their policy really worked out ? 
  their policy is litterly : `` border fance !, 
  what do i even care about other countries ? '', 
  this `` 2 $ '' circle jerk is actually far missleading . 
  their are several other policies introduced for families and poorer people ( even though not enough ) but this 2 $ are just part of several different changes ... 
  well they are openly denying climate change bc its a lie by the government ... should be enough to be unvotable, 
  stop trying . 
  at this point merkel could heal cancer , aids and world hunger in one week and still would be blamed for almost everything . 
  y. bc uncontrolled kapitalism just sucks, 
  na right wing police is a thing in eastern germany, 
  faz says that after the fight was stopped by the police , people attacked the refugee camp . 
  also one year ago nazis burned down a refugee camp . 
  isnt that city where people screamed on a refugee bus : wir sind das volk ? 
  well afd is completly based on their anti refugee momentum . 
  when this discussion will end , allready started to decline , the afd will become irrelevant again, 
  totally . 
  hitler was the biggest traitor for the germans ever . 
  5 million dead german soldiers . 
  2 million dead german civilians . 
  a country deep in debt and completly destroyed, 
  good . 
  enough of their populist bullshit . 
  saying that climate change isnt real and the only real family is a german family with 3 childs should make you unvotable for already ... 
  so when will it be social accaptable to wear this very nice hugo boss ss general uniform ? 
  like this : http://www.toyscity.com/images/pic/2014091846024533.jpg, 
  hey your talking to the wrong guy . 
  czech no stealing . 
  speak to polska, 
  also dont forget how they get `` oppressed '' by chemtrails . 
  such a joke party . 
  still suprises me how a member of a hardcore right wing burschenschaft ( brotherhood , fraternity ? ), 
  can run for president without people completly going to vote for van der bellen . 
  thats a bit like the leader of the kkk running for president ... 
  germanys trade with gb is 12 % . 
  gb trade with the eu is arround 82 % ... 
  i think its more hurting you then us, 
  seidla is missing in frankonia, 
  18 is ah which is adolf hitler, 
  jup , no far right so see here . 
  well the afd is clearly far right . 
  ( today we are tolerant , tomorrow foreign in our own country ) . 
  this slogan was created by a right wing band called `` gigi , und die braunen stadtmusikanten '' ( gigi and the brown street artists ) in their album `` adolf hitler lebt '' ( adolf hitler is a life ) . 
  who ever claims they are not far right wing ( or even right wing extremists ) didnt hear the shot . 
  wasnt piratenpartei up to 10-12 % at their highest point ? 
  `` in the east , only the linke has that kind of voters , while most voters decide because of policies . '', 
  well i think most people their vote because of their feelings . 
  also quite interesting is that while in the areas with high immigration the afd is quite weak ( bc you only recognize humans when you life with them ) while in the former ddr ( 0,5 % muslims , thats like 6000 ) the afd numbers sky rocked . 
  its the classic fear of what i dont know . 
  ofc we have . 
  we once put up some camps and `` stored '' them their . 
  we even had a railway system to make it even more effective . 
  it changes nothing ofc . 
  their are around 1500 people in germany wearing a burka . 
  not sure if driving around the border and hit the shit out of refugees/immigrants ( however you want to call them ) is such a nice thing to do, 
  yes banning their womans bathing cloth ( that made them go outside and enjoy the public ) will keep them more peaceful . 
  banning people things will make them more peaceful ... also i dont understand french, 
  oh a terrorist attack . 
  better ban a swimming suit . 
  that will show them ... its not even like woman would be the terrorists ... 
  the men are . 
  but lets punish the womans ... logic, 
  but many other non christian nor muslim groups do . 
  even some christian wear head scarfs, 
  a ruling for around 1500 people ... politics doing it things . 
  classic we `` change important stuff '' move . 
  actually doing nothing . 
  thats a lot of nazis in one family holey fuck, 
  defq ??? 
  the german state doesnt support the pkk, 
  only 1 and 2 are accaptable for normal european governments . 
  3a doesnt work bc greece and italy , 3b you cant remove a human right 4 . 
  and neither can you support a dictator using gas . 
  ok 2 muslims start a fight and attack someone with a harpoon and next day the non muslims attack immigrants and immigrant places and you find this ok ? 
  to attack random people bc they have the same skin color as the 2 muslims ? 
  you think this is a beneficial behavior from the non muslims ? 
  lol polish resistance was far more important . 
  also nazi germany had quite a lot support from some french ... 
  r/europe in a nutshell, 
  all of them ? 
  random persons ? 
  whats wrong with you ?
