  but the spd wants to stay in the government ( so the cdu doesnt search for another party to work with ) so its forced onto a very centered aproach . 
  bc of this many spd go either to the greens or die linke . 
  no person thats vs immigration would have been a spd person anyway ( or the ammount is super low ) . 
  actually spd is betraying their standart votership . 
  seriously . 
  who wants to be friends with russland ? 
  their is 0 value for being in a union with them . 
  seems like the conflict starts to get worser atm . 
  ukraine just cant get a fresh start sadly . 
  everytime their is a splash of hope it gets destroyed by something, 
  not true at all ... if anything the russian `` sp\u00e4taussiedler '' are people that work like crazy shit . 
  for exampel my coworker ( we work as bodyguards and stuff ) is a german/russian from siberia . 
  he was a former martial arts speznas instructor ( i train with him once a week ) and he came to germany in 2000 with his family ( he worked to 10 years on the night life of st.petersburg and moskau ... dude has some really interesting storys to tell ) . 
  you know what ? 
  he works 6-7 days a week nightshifts while building 3 houses for his family . 
  this kind of russians come to germany , work in low payed jobs but work their ass of while they build a future for their children . 
  he has 3 children all of them very educated with only a grades in school . 
  his opinion on life : my life isnt worth anything . 
  all for my children . 
  i have huge respect for that man and many of russians are like him . 
  ofc they get drunk and make problems but most of them are very very hard working people, 
  hope radowid is ok, 
  yes . 
  wait for a thread where a refugee/muslim/black did something stupid and then drown in karma, 
  on the chest ? 
  boateng was born here and has the german citizienship and speak perfect german ... 
  it doesnt get more german then that . 
  if you think a german has to be white skinned then fuck of mate . 
  actually its quite the opposite at the moment . 
  everything left from afd/trump/fp \u00d6 / fn is leftist party, 
  well with people like the afd we at least save poor bundesliga forwards from getting their ass ripped of by boateng, 
  defq ? 
  they are celebrating the fact that 700 people drowned today ... 
  i agree . 
  petry is trying to stay in power in the afd but she starts to lose controll over gauland and von storch as we see about this and the shooting scandal ( where belatrix wanted that people get shot on the border ), 
  oh i thought muslims where / s fuck of mate, 
  the thing is that the afd was actually quite centered and more on eu and economy based under bernd lucke . 
  well petry , gauland , von storch where the right wing sector of the afd and `` putched '' `` overthrew '' the afd leaders . 
  chance is that even more right way people will take over the afd again . 
  many people in the afd think of petry as not being far right enough and to leftist to push the party forward . 
  chances are good that they will overthrow here and make gauland , belatrix von storch or bj\u00f6rn h\u00f6cke the new leader, 
  oh some of them want exactly that, 
  same goes with r/worldnews, 
  fake !, 
  i dont see sharia law ... / s, 
  this is the same as allways with this new succesfull partys . 
  at first they seem to be great and as a solution but with the time the shit starts to leak out of them and with every day the shit leaks more and more until everyone is disgusted by them . 
  if you call christian conservatives ( cdu/csu ) and the liberty party ( fdp ) left wing i dont know whats wrong with you ... 
  are you born in germany ? 
  you have citizienship ? 
  dont forget that earth cirlces the sun with 107.208 km/h while the sun is circling the middle of the milk way with 240km per second . 
  and some people are afraid of terrorists ... lol, 
  can you pls stop trying to explain germans/austrians their own culture ? 
  thank you, 
  limits are there to be broken right ? 
  far more right wing it seems . 
  if you want to become the head of austria yes it is ... 
  neither germany wants austria nor does austria want to be german again . 
  its more about the `` germanic '' race if i remember correctly . 
  actually the bundespr\u00e4sident is able to completly sack the enitire goverment if i recall correctly . 
  he made a huge comeback bc from something like 40 % . 
  thank god ... 
  they almost made some one the head of austria that actually hates the austrian state ... edit : to all the people here downvoting me . 
  its actually true . 
  he is a member of the brotherhood marko-germania which supposes the idea of the austrian state . 
  they want to be part of germany again . 
  but hofer is more or less an known neo nazi ... 
  he is in a political student brotherhood that are nazis ... 
  \u00b4 but he totaly is a far far right politican . 
  he is in a student brotherhood that are openly known as neo nazis . 
  they and he hate the state of austria and are the opinion only way is to reunite with germany and they want that poland gives his newer parts back to germany ( schlesien , ostpreu\u00dfen ) ... 
  he isnt just far right be he is a neo nazi . 
  you cant rule an important european nation when you actually hate the entire existent of this state ... also wanting to reunify with germany is some mad man fiction shit . 
  neither germany wants to be with austria and austria with germany . 
  having the feeling that germany is needed as europe leader but germany doesnt want to lead at all ... 
  in many economic theorys and models states without debt are inevitable . 
  excluding oil states , and tax heavens, 
  it happens all the time . 
  people are working in low paid jobs for the bare minimum and then speed with 15 mh/h to fast and get locked up bc they cant pay the fucking ticket and then get to prison where they are asked for a caution ( which they cant pay neither ) . 
  they lose their job bc they cant go to work ( bc of shit working rights in the states ) . 
  remember when we had great discussions about politics , culture , traveling ? 
  me neither ... 
  what do you want to say with `` military aged immigrants '' . 
  you cant force 25 year old algerien people to fight in syria . 
  i know that the right wing tells you but its not true :( sorry . 
  but this part is ... people losing their job bc they drove to fast and got locked up into prison ... redicioules . 
  hoped for something like this : rule 8 : be a eastern european country . 
  yes . 
  same with concita wurst . 
  allways good to make fun about that guy that has around 1500 nuclear warheads , 
  somehow i miss eastern european circlejerk voting . 
  was allways fun to see how they gave each other points until they started to hate each other again and then rate the enemys of their enemys . 
  hoped for something like santiano , saltatio mortis , in extremo ... 
  even thought i really liked her performance of the hanging tree, 
  sadly you are right, 
  a refugee gets 149 euro in the first 9 month ( i think ) and then 340 $ after that until asyl is granted ( but only if they live in an appartment . ), 
  and 340 $ is not much in germany . 
  its like really hard to actually live from that here even when you go pick up foot stamps and stuff . 
  a minimun wage worker earns around 1200 $ per month . 
  in my opinion we shouldnt let erdogan handle them .
