  when was the last time you walked 6000km ? 
  i dont know if we should send people back into a country and consider it `` safe '' and in the same moment german soldiers are their to fight ... how can you consider a country safe when your own soldiers are their ? 
  also arguing the german troops are their to protect the people is stupid . 
  how can we protect anybody if our guns cant shoot accuratly ? 
  you get around 3,622 $ but in germany we have higher taxes . 
  how much did you pay for your education ? 
  my dad didnt pay a cent . 
  50k after taxes is fucking insane . 
  most people ( including me ) are dreaming of that . 
  i am studying now but did work as a security ( in a refugee camp and other places ) for one year and got 2200 $ before taxes and 1600 $ after taxes ( with nightshift bonus ) per month ) . 
  labelling . 
  in germany that is amazing . 
  3200 $ ( after taxes ) is more then most people earn in germany . 
  its fucking bonkers . 
  also you cant compare american income to european/german income . 
  hitting 50k per grant in germany is very high and classes you to be in the upper 10 % . 
  also no one here is earing roughly the same ... we have some hugh gaps between classes . 
  what do they tell you in america ? 
  we are no communists here ... 
  the labelling of refugees was an idea born somewhere between afd and csu . 
  dont know actually if they proposed it but as fas as i know several politicans from both partys named it . 
  no it is not normal for border control . 
  not even as last resort . 
  the only reason for use of a gun is when you try to cross the border while shooting/attacking policeman or other human beings . 
  as long as you are not an emidiat danger to people around you they will not shoot you !, 
  you cant shoot people just because they try to cross the border . 
  its more or less the same as in every situation . 
  the police is not allowed to harm you/shoot as long as you are not an danger to people !, 
  the afd th\u00fcringen also wanted to count all homosexuels and transsexuals and list them openly as far as i remember ... also they want that every refuguee can be seen as a refuguee ( like special cloth or what ever ) . 
  their ideas tend to be close to the one from the nsdap in 1929-1936 . 
  oh https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ix_d_vmkswe this shows why no one will ever use nuclear weapons . 
  my dad is 50 years old electric engineer for siemens and in an important position their . 
  he gets payed 7,320 $ after taxes ( thats insane in germany ) per month . 
  the normal engineer ( 30 years old ) gets payed around 3.200 $ after taxes what is still very good for german standarts . 
  i dont think ukraine has a chance to stop them at all ( no one will ever use nukes in a war again . 
  that is for sure ) . 
  they will crush though until they reach dnipro . 
  then german and polish troops will arrive and hopefully hold long enough until american troops force a stop on this . 
  russian military is strong but against the usa they are still nothing . 
  while killing millions of chinese , persians , irakis , arabian , turks ( without dschinghis khan the turks would still live in ukraine ) , russians , perms , georgian , queresmians ( i hope that is the right way to wright them ) and other mongols . 
  i actually think that dschinghis khan was the first person to be the reason for 1 million dead people . 
  cant think about an other person from my head that had such a large impact . 
  from an other perspective he is maybe the reason why europe and the western nations are the `` world leaders '' . 
  the chinese where much more advanced , educated , richer , powerfull then entire europe . 
  and they got smashed by dschinghis khan like children . 
  hundrets of thousends of chinese got killed and big parts of china conquered . 
  the queresmians where a very rich and larg country in todays kasachstan , krigistan , turkmenistan . 
  they got slaughtered like shit . 
  the queresmian ruler brought up to 500.000 man against the mongols ( around 80.000-100 .000 man ) and got hammered . 
  next where the persians and arabians . 
  they sieged bagdag ( to this point the most blouming place on earth with more then 2-3 million inhabitents and the biggest gathering of books , knowladge in the entire eastern world . 
  the city got sieged and all this knowlage got spread to some point or just lost . 
  at this moment subutai is smashing georgia ( 80.000 man ) , the russian princes ( 100.000 man ) and the polish ( 120.000 man ) with a single 30.000 man scouting troop . 
  without the mongols china or irak would be the most dominant countrys on this planet . 
  the turks wouldnt live in turky but in kasachstan and ukraine , georgia would be a strong country in armenia and turky and stuff . 
  dschinghis khan changed the story of so many countrys by his own that it is amazing . 
  oh also he is a very important role for venedig . 
  subutai made a deal with venedig ( when they first time met a venedig outpost around the black see ) to destroy the outpost from other citys everywhere . 
  the mongols got instead influence in rom aswell as maps for the entire world . 
  some people say that venedig got so important because of this event . 
  i hope all facts here are correct and i didnt fuck up out of my memory if somebody finds a mistake just tell me . 
  but overall the mongols were amazing !!, 
  well another year you won with singing pigs so their is that . 
  defq did i just read ? 
  thats some mayor bullshit . 
  that guy is glorifying vlad the impaler ? 
  the spartans where into slavery and shit and where more or less horrible human beings while the persians where the far more advanced and educated people ( also their werent muslim ) . 
  the eastern europeans fighting `` genghis kahn '' ( actually they just fought the scouting troop under general subutai ) did lose every single battle and wherent even relevant to the stop of the mongols ( the death of genghis and his son where the reason for that ) . 
  also comparing people that ( partly ) flee from war/poorness/huntings or what ever to fucking mongol hordes is so stupid that it hurts ... who ever wrote this articel is the biggest idiot ever . 
  it lacks every sense of history , reasonable political view or anything else ... and yes ofc it was assads plan to lose a war vs his own country so he can conquer europe ... very smart plan ... 
  why is this man downvoted ? 
  he is totaly right . 
  also people fleeing from libya makes sense too . 
  the state is governed by 2 sides that fight against each other in a civil war aswell as a dramatic uprising of is fighters . 
  libya will be the second home of the is soon !, 
  every single one of this reddit would flee from their ... 
  step 1 . 
  grow a beard . 
  step 2 . 
  learn basic arabian . 
  step 3 . 
  go to sweden/finnland and throw your passport away . 
  oh and dont forget the ones that blame merkel for the attacks on refuguees in clausnitz ... we have reached the point of absolute stupidity ... 
  right wings attack a bus of refuguees ... obviously its merkels fault ... 
  wait . 
  ukraine refuguees are not getting send back . 
  they are stuck in the asylum process or got working permits for poland to be the new cheapest workers . 
  thats how we will prevent europe from getting old !, 
  according to the birthrate for teenagers ( under 18 ) it seems that quite many tried to pull it out ... 
  but germany aint even bombing anything at all . 
  no one is gon na ever use nukes in a war . 
  they will stick to their salami tactics . 
  also its crap shit that the russians would be anywhere in one week . 
  polands military is beef and germanys isnt maybe as good as it was before but still quite competent . 
  how will they attack sweden ? 
  finnland is between their and war with finnland is stupid . 
  i have to admit that i am far more afraid of any kind of war with russia and their allies then about refuguees . 
  maybe refuguees bring problem but this is way mayor and i am seriously thinking about future here in this case . 
  i am a 20 year old male . 
  i am into bodybuilding and fit healty and decent intelligent .
