  also dont forget that greece , spain and italy dont have closeable borders . 
  `` nothing like fighting the symptoms instead of the cause . '', 
  we are allready trying to fight the cause ? 
  like this fucking huge deal with turkey and changing our asylum laws ? 
  but who cares refugee muh muh, 
  because people allways instantly drop their mindset , education and cultural values the day the enter another country and instantly take over the countrys mentality , values and education . 
  last week i was on a airport stop in dubai and now i believe in shakira law and hate gays ... / s, 
  `` trillions '' is the new 800.000, 
  the daily life isnt affected at all . 
  only that i got called gutmensch and terrorist appologizer by some people is quite interesting . 
  but isnt that more or less the endgame of terrorists ? 
  the endgame isnt like oh look i killed 16 french . 
  their endgame is to make the people hate each other again to the monsters whipe each other out again . 
  a bit like in this dope rainbow six drug cartel trailer, 
  interestingly we had people from afghanistan in our refugee camp ( the one where i was in ) who didnt knew if their son was either 23 or 28 . 
  yes . 
  what horrible crime to humanity, 
  1:0 for the portugal guy, 
  yep.most people are actually not in the mental ability to read statistics . 
  also they dont fit their narrative . 
  until now the crime rates from refugees isnt significent higher then from the normal population . 
  `` but the import of 1 + million aliens in a single year changes a society forever . '', 
  i am sure in 1000 years i will tell my children ( when technology advanced that much ) how bad it all was and how our society broke instantly forever . 
  all broken . 
  unreparable right ? 
  dont worry we will them in camps . 
  we have good experience with this, 
  `` ublin is quite bad '' very bad . 
  horrible . 
  dramatic . 
  belgium is a beutiful city i heard . 
  also gone . 
  jup we are gone . 
  had to fight of 20 refugees yesterday . 
  my entire family now follows shakira law . 
  i still fight but thanks to my superior genetics those brown man cant catch up with my perfect schuhplattlern technique, 
  this plan has hohe energie, 
  dont worry . 
  the godchancellor will save this one . 
  so actually you dont got a source right ? 
  i know that their are institutions that for example change songs or stuff on christmas and renaming events but i never saw muslims demanding it . 
  i think people want to be to polite . 
  muslims propably wont care . 
  99,99998 % wont care and the rest wants to see western civilisation burning anyway . 
  looking at his tranisition team alone is enough to know he will do wreck shit . 
  berlusconi at least put beutiful woman in important offices . 
  trump just puts other redneck billionaires in offices . 
  his chief strategist is steve bannon . 
  a white natinalist millionair and ceo of white nationalist news breitbart ( the news station so right wing that even fox news doesnt like them ) . 
  his vice president mike pence is a christian anti-abortian , anti-lgbt clown who almost completly sunk the state of indiana . 
  his education minister will be a betsy devos a female billionair who never set a step in a public school in her entire life . 
  she wants to gut public schools funding and public collages ... ( with other words she wants to make the poor people even more uneducated ) . 
  and the rest will be filled up by his family ( jared kushner . 
  husband of ivanka trump and son of another billionair . 
  is that really what you think will work out ? 
  none of these people have any kind of experience running a government . 
  at this moment fcking mike pence is the most qualified person in his government and he was considered the worst gouverner in the last 4 years . 
  the people in indiana are happy bc he is gone now ... let that one sink in . 
  oh just read your name and saw you posted in r/the _ donald . 
  my bad . 
  you propably wont care about anything at all . 
  and after that lock up all the poor people in pro profit prisons . 
  the best idea since releasing yasuo, 
  can we got some sweet sources ? 
  dont talk with him , he is from r/the _ donald, 
  better go back to r/the _ donald the place where you belong . 
  thats the good thing about terrorists . 
  all of them are stupid as fck, 
  no problem buddy , 
  watch your mouth fred . 
  not in my house !, 
  cool story . 
  you have yale , mit , harvard , princton , standford and some other . 
  thats it . 
  the rest is either underfunded , poor etc. 
  or building a 600 million $ football stadium from all that sweet sweet money they rob out of you . 
  well at least you can tell your childrens one day that you lived in the last decades of the british empire . 
  maybe if you get really old you will be the last person living in the british empire . 
  he is flip flopping shit for years now without any comman sense . 
  at this point i would make better policies . 
  hollande, 
  how many of them where serious canidates ? 
  hillary was litterly the canidate from right of the start . 
  only sanders could challange her and only bc of his very alternative style which attracts a lot of young people . 
  the entire older conservative wing of the dems where in favor of clinton . 
  the republicans allways have this joke people like ben carson , jim gilmore , chris chrisie , santorum ( how many primarys did he lose ? ), 
  santorum and hackabee and ofc . 
  donald trump who is also a joke . 
  seriously . 
  the only really `` ok '' canidates where kasich , bush and maybe but only maybe cruz . 
  looking at the change in uk and the us . 
  i dont want change . 
  i dont need a orange multi billionair that tries to be robin hood reversed aswell as a reality tv star . 
  no thank you . 
  sarkozy is a idiot . 
  people hated him so much they voted for a guy from the netherlands . 
  `` and above all , she pushed for and was damn near single-handedly responsible for the worst migration epidemic germany has had for 60 years . '', 
  maybe calling it an `` migration epidemic '' disqualifies you allready from that discussion . 
  sure the refugee crisis had huge impact but calling a epidemic maybe is bit over the top right ? 
  its not like she did what the people wanted .
