  bc most people where dead, 
  in russia quiz win you, 
  also they are the country that had a very smooth transition in power after the arab spring, 
  amazing how tunisia can have this but the us cant . 
  lol, 
  he was still putins puppy all along, 
  be the change you want to see, 
  dan charlin commen sense ? 
  kinda amazing how russia is the usa on drugs . 
  some very nice cities but 99 % of the rural areas are poor as fuck : /, 
  mozart was german . 
  salzburg back then was german, 
   it was relatively peaceful under the ottoman empire , hahahahaha, 
  whats up with all this reformation people called jan ? 
  trumps opinion never really mattered anyway and has 0 value . 
  lets say 3 people talk about football and talk about different systems of pressing and defending and then a 4th joins and says : oh i dont like offside . 
  its a shit rule . 
  that guy is trump, 
  well depends . 
  in eastern europe/germany the police would bring them coffee and cheer them up . 
  i will never understand where all this clinton fearmongering came from . 
  no on wants ww3 . 
  not we nor the usa nor russia . 
  maybe the only person here who wants it is steve bannon . 
  what is interesting is that trump voters tear clinton appart for her comment that a nuclear strike was a theoretical possibility . 
  well ofc it is . 
  thats the entire reason why mad works . 
  if shooting your nuclear weapons isnt a theoretical possibility the other side will punsh you in the face . 
  thats why litterly all american presidents in the cold war assured that they would use nuclear weapons if the situation requires it . 
  thats the point of mad . 
  if both are ready to push the button no one will push the button . 
  also i dont get how this entire no-fly zone aboth syria blew so up . 
  first of all it is a very logical move and secondly do people really believe that a fucking no-fly zone would have lead to ww3 ? 
  they really think that putin cares that much about syria to start ww3 ? 
  there are alot of russian germans here . 
  also eastern germany still has stockholm syndrom and there is a certain kind of people that have a very strange fetish for putin, 
  kinda interesting if it will be worse or better then now, 
  dont you know that 86 % of all `` statistics '' are made up edit : people not understanding this is a himym joke, 
  that makes 0 sense . 
  it would actually totally defeat the entire porpoise of asylum and refugees . 
  its one of these strange posts where only right wings show up for some reason . 
  what a strange post . 
  lots of `` they are importing migrants to replace us '' people, 
  you should make a youtube tutorial how to make random discussion somehow about migrants . 
  no i just dont want to end like my coworkers who are all broke , no free time , no sleep and talking about their little shit all day long . 
  you realize that his is allready beeing done all the time ? 
  not with that attitude, 
  woosh, 
  we need to increase sanctions up to the point of riots . 
  when people start starving in moskau maybe then putin will stop going after nato allies . 
  sorry i take antisemitism back . 
  he then is just a nutty right wing lunatic but he is not a nazi . 
  better ? 
  i think the problem is that there is a major fight in the government over the influence on trump . 
  who controlls trump controlls the country . 
  the republicans ( pence , carson , mattis ) , the nazis ( bannon , miller and all their stuff ) , the billionaires ( tillerson , devos ) and ofc his family ( mostly ivanka ), 
  well maybe didnt want to drop quality . 
  maybe also he didnt enjoy it anymore, 
  how is it possible to be so dense ? 
  and even if a civil war in the ddr would have been a disaster for everybody . 
  litterly would have been the perfect reason for western german intervention . 
  i dont think anything would have changed with ussr troops . 
  maybe it would have prolonged the procedure for 1 - 2 years but good chance it would have lead to massive revolt inside the gdr and maybe even deserting nva troops . 
  pretty sure most ukrainians all ready left 2 years ago . 
  `` in germany 's defense and if it was n't for those meddling us '' poor dimitry . 
  doing 90 % of the work while getting 0 reward . 
  `` tried to convert m\u00fcnster from catholic to a particularly freaky kind of protestantism '' actually they did convert the entire city ( or pretty much everybody ), 
  says the 1 day old account who spams anti schulz posts . 
  can we finally stop the myth of the `` armed '' population ? 
  no you wont stop a russian invasion nor opression by your government with your ar-15 . 
  this isnt a video game . 
  they have tanks , planes , artillery and lot of other very expansive very precise tools to shit the shit out of your shit . 
  he looks a bit like oberyn martell, 
  well the most famous one was steve jobs ... maybe one of the smartest people of our time . 
  well russia has like 10 of them xd edit : they have 20, 
  actually commander shepards story is based on the military time of martin schulz, 
  also it is not clear if france would have assisted russia in a war if they didnt got attacked . 
  good chance that they would have stayed home but hindsight is 20/20, 
  yea but this allways happens . 
  important is to learn what went wrong and try to fix it . 
  there will be never a time on humanity where something like this will not happen . 
  tiger helicopters and good infantry equipment and training . 
  also a lot of people really dont want to vote for sarah wagenknecht, 
  yes we like him bc he is the exact opposite of trump . 
  thats why we want him as our chancellor . 
  also its funny to make t_d angry, 
  in my opinion we arent `` satire '' anymore . 
  we are satire towards trump but not towards schulz . 
  we still love him . 
  its fake news . 
  there is no deceleration only alternative acceleration, 
  well i guess 1988 wasnt your birthyear right ? 
  `` days till  50 % dissaproval rate '' pls read my post more carefully , 
  well it looks like he has allready done it : http://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/1/29/14432250/trump-disapproval-50-percent http://www.latimes.com/politics/washington/la-na-trailguide-updates-how-has-the-public-responded-to-1485715449-htmlstory.html days till  50 % dissaproval rate ( which is way harder to increase on then approval rate ) reagan : 727 bush i : 1336 clinton : 573 bush ii : 1205 obama : 936 trump : 8, 
  featured by microsoft, 
  high energy, 
  bc the csu thinks that the greens are the `` pussyfication of germany '' . 
  litterly the same as the republicans say about the libtards . 
  csu = men , greens = female primary genital, 
  no they will not .
