  we should have opened un refugee camps in turky ( protected by blue hat troops ) . 
  so erdogan cant do what he wants with them ( what he does to some degree aka sending people back to syria ) . 
  same goes for libanon , jordan . 
  in this camps you can apply for visa and or asylum in the eu or nato and maybe it will be granted and everyone will take some refugees and all will be happy . 
  worst are americcans that will performe a horrible bad hitler gru\u00df as a joke ... it wasnt even funny when i was 12, 
  who ? 
  never heard of him . 
  him planning to be chancellor in one day is like a liquor shop owner planning to become a billionair in the next 20 years ... 
  and when its laying on the topside ? 
  the truth is that most people are just plain stupid and hate the eu for that reason . 
  poland for exampel still would be a super poor corrupted state like ukraine without the billions from the eu . 
  also countrys like spain , portugal and irland where safed by the eu and now start to recover and spain is going strong at the moment . 
  the hate on the eu is quite popular but only bc people actually dont have a clue wat the eu does and how all changed . 
  witch is even more worse then a terrorist . 
  if you would watch that video you would know why their will never be a nuclear war . 
  war is still a thing but no nuclear one . 
  no one will be insane enough and push the button . 
  its allways amazing me how the best allies pilots are considered legends at 15-30 won fights but the german legends ( luftasse ) started at 100 confirmed shot downs . 
  how can it be that the german fighter pilots where so superior towards the other ones ? 
  as far as i know the most sucessfull was erich hartmann with 352 kills ( eastern front ) was walter nowotny with 280 or so . 
  edit : pls dont downvote . 
  its a fcking question, 
  yes but its the truth and shows that a nuclear war will never happen . 
  in witch way is it more effective ? 
  arent the crime rates in the us states with death penalty the same if not higher then states without it ? 
  if you take a persons life no matter what he did you are a murderer . 
  end of story . 
  nothing to discuss here . 
  thank god like 95 % of all countrys abolished the death penalty and thats a good thing . 
  even a murderer has human rights and a live long prison sentence is the choice to go . 
  killing them is inhuman , stupid and actually freeing him from his crimes . 
  actually the amount of university students in germany was never higher . 
  the low skilled worker department is full of migrants bc germans dont want to work their . 
  most desperate exampel is the amount of caregiver coming from other countrys to work in germany bc many people dont want to work in that field . 
  also a lot of `` stupid work '' ( like carrying wood all day ) was sorted out to migrants completely . 
  the eu needs their own military . 
  you cant trust trump in russia is starting their salami tactics again . 
  `` and europe will probably get screwed one way or another in the process . '', 
  pretty sure not . 
  yes at this point he is litterly blowing russia and trump ... 
  the war started 1939 ... 
  actually combined forces of european countrys ( germany , france , uk and poland being the main military forces ) would rip russian troops quite much . 
  also their is no way russia pay for a war . 
  they would run out of everyth\u00edng quite quick with 0 allies . 
  so turky government did use bots to rate it to hell ? 
  not really sure if russia and china are allies . 
  maybe they are no enemys but i dont refer each other as allies . 
  is that the guy that founded the wehrsportgruppe hofmann ? 
  talking only about german antifa, 
  yes but some major part of them are in both groups . 
  they differ to support different governments . 
  some support hitler germany , some say the weimarer republik other say the german reich ( 1878-1918 ) and some nuts even say the holey roman empire is the true germany . 
  good that our ruling party isnt a conservative christian party ... 
  most of antifa and other super left wing extremists hate putin . 
  for everybody not knowing what a ` reichsb\u00fcrger ' is . 
  pretty much conspiracy neckbeards that believe that the german state is either a puppet of the usa or a gmbh ( a company created by the jews or the usa ) . 
  they claim to be not effected by our law nor any other law . 
  also they believe that they either life in the german reich based on hitlers reich , the german kaiserreich , the weimarer republik ( between 1918-1933 ) or the holey roman empire . 
  all of them are antisemitic racist bigots ... 
  sorry for bad wrighting . 
  my english is pretty poor and i am on phone . 
  good that they doesnt have a national scandal about football players refusing to stand during the anthem and them getting shit stormed by rednecks . 
  nope . 
  actually `` showing loyalty to your country '' is pretty stupid overall and totally unnecessary here in europe . 
  not like in the us where its kind of religious requirement to show loyalty to your country at any given time at any possible opportunity . 
  god everyday sahra wagenknecht is not hit by a car and killed by it is a wasted day for humanity . 
  even though their are some outliners the overall base of people in die linke are against putin , pro refugee . 
  `` many pro-putin , many antisemitic , many completly anti-refugees . '', 
  defq ? 
  you have a source ? 
  he still eat meet from time to time, 
  he wasnt vegan . 
  he wasnt even vegitarian . 
  he could only rarely eat meat bc of medical reasons . 
  often believed wrong fact . 
  hitler loved doges, 
  `` the sad truth is that international law is a thing though '' . 
  how is this a bad thing ? 
  its a very important progress compared to 100 years ago . 
  they saved and are saving many lifes -, 
  just stop talking about german politics man . 
  you have 0 idea what you are talking about . 
  eastern germany got their assed painted golden by western germany . 
  2 trillion $ ... spend on them and you tell us its not enough ? 
  melting it in isnt propably worth 1/100 of the original price . 
  removed diamonds are litterly worth nothing compared to bought in a ring . 
  didnt knew we have now 140 million muslims in germany ... you are an idiot, 
  in mental gymnastics, 
  looks like france is winning a gold medal in tokyo, 
  yes hardcore terroism here in germany . 
  cant even walk outside here . 
  we had like 1000 terrorism dead in germany in the last 5 years . 
  its 0 since 7 years ... far right in eastern germany is way worser then some 14 year old boy running around with an axe once in germany . 
  nothing was swept away . 
  it was made public as fast as possible and discussed heavily in the media, 
  somewhere in the middle east yes but not really likely in dresden . 
  this is most likely the only muslim group in dresden ( their are only around 5000 mulism in entire saxony ), 
  gigantic student loan and health care debt bubble will burst in some years and will completly wreck your economy . 
  people that need to have 100k debt to get a job bc of collage cant buy stuff . 
  young people ( 24-35 ) are the people buying houses , cars and getting children .
