  i and over 60 % where totally in favor of helping these people stuck in hungary . 
  the situation needed an action and merkle did indeed act . 
  maybe wasnt the best way but sure she did with large support at first . 
  and even know she has a lot of support on her action . 
  maybe not on the internet but real life support is different from social media scream fight . 
  `` then prosecuted a comedian for a poem at the behest of the same islamist wannabe dictator . '', 
  actually she didnt prosecuted him . 
  she just didnt stop it wich is ok bc it was an existing law and needed to be enforced . 
  later on we canceled that law and now it doesnt exist anymore . 
  actually her way of dealing with it was the lawful way and totally ok from her position . 
  `` she bribed turkey with billions of euros . '', 
  its not like right wings screamded for a solution and she gave them a solution . 
  now right wing complaining about the solution . 
  even if she would cure cancer , fight isis alone and would make america great again she still would be critizised by these people . 
  these people will hate on every politican . 
  it really doesnt matter what she does . 
  afd will allways try to punch the ruling party . 
  would love to vote for die linke but sarah wagenknecht is a disgrace to the people of mankind . 
  worst politican in entire germany . 
  only being parteivorsitzende bc of banging lafontaine . 
  same with the greens . 
  i think i would vote for kretschmar or cem \u00d6zdemir but both are quite conservative and almost on the same boat as merkel . 
  hofreiter and g\u00f6ring-eckardt are both imovable objects without any use . 
  \u00b4 their are 2 kind of green politicans . 
  1 that want to make real politcis like \u00d6zdemir and kretschmar and some that want to back to the hippi rootes . 
  and then their are hofreiter and g\u00f6ring-eckardt who are just their doing nothing at all . 
  yep i think this video allready said everything about their work culture . 
  i like how you personally attack me for criticizing the statistics . 
  i did n't say a single word about immigration , sweden , afghans , reason for sexual and i am in no way apologistic . 
  maybe in your mind but i honestly do n't give a fuck . 
  i criticize the entire statistic for several very obvious flaws and instead of adding anything relevant to this entire discussion you start to try to paint a picture of me ... 
  from a pure mathematical view it 's correct , but from a social view point you have to realize that a lot of people have 0 clue about statistics and how they work . 
  for people with low education background this can look confusing . 
  this a very well known problem in the world of statistics and i think this is a prime example . 
  maybe not fake but it is super stupid and very much designed not to inform but to express a politcal massage . 
  this is why it is suspects and not convicted . 
  also why some states appear several times . 
  also it misses the entire statistics including german . 
  cutting out important data like the actual sum of all the sexual delicts in germany . 
  also the per 100k \u00b4 factor is pretty stupid bc it makes a rape from a rare population way more significent then from a big nationality . 
  thats because the really hardcore vandalists dont care about politics . 
  they use it to inflict terror and hate and let out their violent phantasy . 
  you can find this kind of people a lot in right wing and leftwing extremism , military and police and gangs ofc . 
  just some are worse some are less bad . 
  not only did they preselect a place the actually prepared for quite a lot of time . 
  i am a bit involved with somepeople that fall into the possible reach of anarchists and black block and these said that the leaders are all hamburger and that all of them know every meter in altona , schanzen and st.pauli . 
  they actually prepared where to stop the police and which roots to take . 
  can we stop the antifa narrative . 
  black block = / antifa . 
  just because there are antifa members in the black block doesnt means that antifa is necessary violent, 
  also i just want to add that there is this random nationalism myth , that i have encountered several times , that he actually was a genius and that he was the underdog and that he was the best miliatry leader in ww1 . 
  all of this is bullshit . 
  he had by far the biggest army on the eastern front and killed hundrets of thousends of his own soldiers by ignoring totally irelevant factors like weather , moral , ammunition and ofc areal . 
  some people tried to push him into a role like rommel or von manstein , but this is not true . 
  he truely was a disaster, 
  no he was n't a genius . 
  he was literally the person most distant to be called genius . 
  he had by far the biggest army and literally lost to the by far smallest army . 
  he did n't have a fuck about terrain or other unimportant factors like weather , ammunition or moral . 
  also he was the deciding factor . 
  the huge amount of pressure he put onto he emporer was the main reason why the war started . 
  he dreamed about starting a war for decades . 
  almost all historians agree with me that he was a pure desaster and a main reason why the war started . 
  seriously . 
  the genius story is pretty much the equivalent what germans and the us did to rommel and von manstein . 
  edit : https://www.reddit.com/r/trumpgret/comments/69aexx/the_donald_discussing_preexisting_conditions_lots/dh6fbrt/ please fuck of you bigot, 
  yes but hoetzendorf is the worst one of these . 
  he might even be the reason the war broke out . 
  he is so bad at being a military leader that he almost became a meme, 
  also the actual footage of the raising of the sovjet flag was actually several days later then the actual event . 
  they reacted it because they didnt had a camera with them, 
  thats not true . 
  provide a source, 
   yes , it takes hard work to get into stellar shape , but it 's disturbing that they 'll sell their routine booklets and supplements when they 're clearly cheating to maintain their shape . 
  i agree on you that many of these are full of shit but i also wan na say first of all . 
  more or less everybody who is some kind of fitnessmodel or something else in the fitness industry is on steroids . 
  and in my opinion its completly fine ( first of all its their body ) and being a fitnessmodel/bodybuilder/etc . 
  and not being steroids is like putting e10 in your car when you are racing in the f1 . 
  also i just wan na add that to your disclaimer  disclaimer : do n't do performance enhancing drugs kids , they 're really bad for you , also , ladies wo n't like you more that ofc most steroids indeed have bad health influence and shouldnt be taken by anybody who isnt willing to put shit up and be 100 % ready for them , the actual side effects arent as bad as many believe . 
  there are a lot of shitty myths out there ( for example that your dick gets smaller ... its makes 0 sense bc you are increasing your testosterone level which if anything makes your dick bigger ) or that you can never come off ( it surely isnt easy but its not impossible ) and stuff like that . 
  also the actual amounts of death from sideffects in the bodybuilding industry is suprising small . 
  the important part about steroids is that if you are doing your job correct and really really do your research , take the meds you need ( for example ais or pct ) take regular bood tests and life a otherwise healthy life without much drugs , alcohols etc its actually `` relativ '' safe . 
  i dont want to say that steroids arent dangerous and you should take them ( bc thats clearly not true ) and ofc there are a lot of health risks and things you need to watch out for but there a lot of myths out there ( if you are interested in reading into the topic r/steroids is a good place to look at ), 
  ok its technically possible to build muscle without training with steroids ( even though with foods it works too , towards a certain degree ) . 
  the point is that people are completly ignoring years of training , nutrition and dedication and say `` he is big bc of steroids '' . 
  its fucking stupid . 
  we all know that you need to train and eat like a monster to look that way and gear is one of many tools to reach that . 
  and lets face it . 
  how much muscel do you gain by going on steroids without training ? 
  something like that . 
  this entire discussion is super stupid bc here a lot of people who have 0 idea about roids are talking about the muscle gain from going on roids . 
  i am just sick and tired of the `` muh steroids '' argument every fucking time i see a reddit discussion about powerlifter/strongman/bodybuilder / everyotherathletethatisorwasaprosomwhereinthelast20years . 
  but it doesnt work that way . 
  you wont gain shit without training . 
  could be 100 managers making 400k - 1m a year, 
  yes but they are living in the uk/germany spending money there and paying taxes . 
  people with selfrespect : please turn around . 
  nothing to read here . 
  from time to time a post in r/europe turns super hardcore anti refugees and this is one . 
  sure we can .
