  gosh ... after watching your history you seem to be a very shitty person : /, 
  every year i and my sister get 500 $ bill each . 
  but i have never seen a 200 $ bill before . 
  this entire situation sucks really hard . 
  poland gives them a working permit and claims them to be refuguees while most ukrainians that are actually refuguees ( trying to get asyl ) are stuck for years in the process . 
  many of them find work in germany without asyl ( over connections ) and can get a visa for some years but many of them are stuck . 
  they cant be send back bc you cant send back people to a country with a civil war ( the law does not care if it is just 20 % of the country ) . 
  but at the same moment they cant get asyl . 
  this leads to people being stuck up to 3-4 years in asyl process and then the states take them bc it would be shit to send them back and most of them are speeking fluent the languague that is required as well as working/studing, 
  pretty sure we can use greece to pull back italian which we will then release and let it kick spain and portugal towards america . 
  we will hit them right in the nuts ( litterly the coast of texas ), 
  thats catchy as fuck ... added to my playlist, 
  swans are basicely hitler . 
  the first thing my dad thought me about them that they can break an mans arm with one wing . 
  rednecks voting it down because of very small penis , 
  oh their is a reason why the german state is diciding to prohibit them . 
  they are more or less the autism brother of the nsdap ( hitlers party ) . 
  they hate everything that is not german . 
  yes but it is unintended ... 
  translation : consequent deportation . 
  the text below : the german folk first . 
  ( it is meant that the most important people in germany are germans but it fucks up totaly ), 
  what really shocked me when they banned all immigrants from swimmingpool in this one austrian city . 
  that was fun to watch :d, 
  even more fun where propably the money comes from ... yes you guest it right . 
  germany . 
  yes but he didnt kill people just to kill people . 
  people died as a consequence not on the porpuse of a single person . 
  stalin , lenin , mao did horrible things to other folks as well as to their own but they didnt kill people bc of the sake of killing human beings like hitler . 
  i am happy that you are such a good , loving parent / s, 
  also depends on their nationality and stuff . 
  like 99 % of my former muslim children from my class didnt gave a fuck about being a muslim ... 
  same typs of trains . 
  yes because here nothing really bad happens ... as long as their is not a injury , damage or something nothing really happend . 
  no one bats an eye if this would happen between some germans ... 
  yes . 
  they beheaded all of them ... diss horrors . 
  i work in security buisness for 3 years now . 
  you dont even want to know how many fights i had with germans - ____ - as a german in germany ... they are not better at all, 
  one single german politican that doesnt even sit in the government ? 
  `` one idiot '' isnt really true . 
  ww1 shows how nationalism can work out when one day idiots can come to charge . 
  thats 3 month of premier league football . 
  no it will just not happend . 
  they completly stopped any family reunification and i dont think they will ever bring it back . 
  well at the moment it is impossible to reunificate with your family and it doesnt seem like their will be any future where this will change . 
  are you retarded ? 
  no they cant !, 
  family reunification has been abondend ... 
  we have 82 million people acording to wikipedia we have around 4 million muslims which is 4,87 % . 
  now lets say 2 million refugees ( not even all muslims , lots of kurds and also christians ) so lets say 1,7 million muslims = 6,97 % muslims in germany . 
  gerrmanys muslim population when from 4,7 % to 6,9 % so its not that bad . 
  we have 82 million people acording to wikipedia we have around 4 million muslims which is 4,87 % . 
  now lets say 2 million refugees ( not even all muslims , lots of kurds and also christians ) so lets say 1,7 million muslims = 6,97 % muslims in germany . 
  your math is horrible wrong . 
  sorry for breaking your hateful logic ... 
  worked in a asylum center for half year . 
  media covers if they complain but never when they say thank you . 
  last month the had a bbq ( without bacon : / ) and the first people that got to eat where the security and other stuff . 
  they are totaly normal human beings that thank you often and show you respect . 
  thing is that the media is quite hipocritic and everytime a refugee points out a problem ( and yes this exist . 
  we had 15 beds for 20 people for some time ) they get labled as `` unthankful '' and `` greedy '' . 
  most of the time they actually want nothing and dont complain to much . 
  yes closing the balkan route was more effective but without the turkey deal good chance that greek would be in big trouble . 
  cant get more passive agressive, 
  most turkish people are pretty cool . 
  some are problem makers but most of them are quite nice, 
  \u00d6zdemir is more german then 99 % of all germans . 
  all, 
  turkey becomes more and more nuts . 
  every human being that ever read `` mein kampf '' and has a decently working brain realizes how shit this book is . 
  its totally retarded . 
  if you read this you will ask your self : `` how high was hitler when he wrote this ? '' . 
  99 % of this book make 0 sense what so ever, 
  you are hoping for trump ? 
  you would give a monkey the nuclear warhead codes ? 
  nationalism seems like a good idea until they start to turn towards facism . 
  imagine facism like an frogfish/angler . 
  the lamp is nationalism . 
  oh bc all the people from r/the _ donald are bullshitting how their is `` sharia law '' in germany ... 
  so one someone introduced the term `` shakira law '' to fuck with them, 
  if i didnt knew you where from hungary i would post this in r/shitamericanssay, 
  `` you murderd him !!!! '', 
  '' no my dear i just manslaughtered him '', 
  wanted to say this . 
  the people from balkans are ruling the streets of several streets and also seem to have build up a gigantic housebreaker network, 
  my life and the life of 99 % of all germans is pretty nice thought ... even more nice then 10 years ago . 
  good that all 3 are owned by cocacola ... 
  turkey is now fully commiting political suicide ... 
  but thats a pretty usless stat . 
  in terms of overall `` wealth '' the uk is far more dominant then utah ... 
  so what ? 
  fuck off mate, 
  ofc they can enter a festival . 
  drinking from the toilet in a resturant bc the beer tastes bad doesnt make sence either, 
  so first of all the spd is a party left of the cdu/csu and called the working party/party of the small man . 
  they are a social democrat party that normally covers the left part of society . 
  in the last years their overall politics havent been left at all . 
  they are the bitch or merkel and the cdu and getting controlled by her . 
  the leftist people want the spd to side more with the refugees , immigration , human rights , increase social benefits and be more left overall .
