  later attack random immigrants ... the `` right '' thing to do, 
  no it wasnt, 
  he was a right wing . 
  he had fucking breivik as his profile picture in whats app and read several books about nazis and mass shootings ... 
  also most people werent even injured . 
  we count shock and hearing damage also as `` injured '' . 
  i think 2 person went to hospital if i recall correctly . 
  have a lots of radical leftists friends and i am too left wing but never heard anybody ever talking positive about putin before . 
  my guess is that first of all people dont know that this would work . 
  sailing to europe wasnt a very obvious thing for most iraqs . 
  most refugees from their either went to iran ( if they where shiit ) or saudia arabia , syria if sunni or armenia if christian . 
  also they had no direct excess to the middle terrainian see . 
  the amount of refugees wasnt that big and so on most refugees in refugee camps in other countrys had a quite decent life . 
  but look at turkey now . 
  they have almost 3 million and many of them are more or less like prisoners without rights who have to wait up to 2021 for their asylum to be judged . 
  the war in iraq prior 2012 featured extreme but somehow `` reasonable '' armys . 
  ofc many extremists but no one even close to babaric as the is . 
  could have different reasons . 
  starts at religion or political reasons ( like he is a critical journalist or what ever ) and go onto being a victim of the triades . 
  thats why people from iran ( a overall peaceful country ) can seek asyl too ( many people dont understand what iranians do in refugee shelters ), 
  even an austrian could seek asylum . 
  everybody can seek asylum . 
  thats the hole point about it . 
  yes also most homeless people have their reasons for being homeless . 
  many of them actually like this lifestyle or are to ashamed of them self . 
  punks for example more or less choose this kind of lifestyle and ofc wont register them self as homeless . 
  have another story from a guy living in the asylum shelter i am working in . 
  he is a illegal worker from tunisia and was working in italy for over 2 years now . 
  he went to visit a friend in munich and their got controlled by a police man . 
  he couldnt show him any papers ( ofc bc he was an illegal worker ) and so one got locked up into a deportation center ( bit like prison ) . 
  their somebody told him he needs to claim asyl . 
  so he was like shouting : asyl i need asyl !, 
  at this point he didnt even know what asyl was nor what will happen to him . 
  this is how he ended up in a small town in franconya without anything ( everything left in italy ) wondering wtf actually happend with him . 
  he was actually really cool and really into fitness and bodybuilding . 
  last week he had transfer and nobody knows what happend to him . 
  same reason why israel playes in the european world cup qualification aswell as the qualification for the european cup and champions league/uefa league too . 
  all arab teams just refused to play against them and so on they would automaticly qualify for the world championship . 
  happend like 1 or 2 times in the 70th i believe, 
  oh the good old narrative of all the millions of people that will come by family reunification . 
  not going to happen . 
  the amount of family reunifications is so low its laughable and it takes years until decades to acomplish . 
  r/worldnews talking how this could be done somehow by muslims . 
  bamberg is the city to go, 
  arent we a bit racist ? 
  and i am not even into pc . 
  you are just streight racist . 
  and d, 
  no austrian want back to germany . 
  without the right wing ofc, 
  yes but the people in that cult make it a neo nazi cult . 
  bc most their are neo nazis, 
  is in a right wing cult called marko germania that rejects the idea of a independent austrian state and wants a germanic state , believes in chemtrails and is into conspiracy theories . 
  stuff like that, 
  well he is in a neonazi cult that supports the idea of a anschluss ( actually they denounce the idea of a independent austrian state and believe it should be part of a germanic state, 
  so he isnt part of marko-germania ? 
  or what you mean ? 
  nutjobs that think chemtrails are real and vaccines are bad , sie the people we need ? 
  na but he believes in chemtrails and in in a neonazi cult that is rejecting the austrian state and thinks it should be part of austria again . 
  thats worse then sexist, 
  things you should know regardless of his view on the turkey deal : he is a nutjob, 
  to be honest . 
  dont expect a entire religion to change in one day . 
  until islam is fully reformed it will take decades, 
  fuck off mate, 
  everyone on r/europe and r/worldnews said it was mass rape, 
  best thing out of this that she claimed to be pregnent was used for afd propaganda reasons and now it turns out she wasnt raped . 
  she wasnt even in cologne, 
  yes but not raped . 
  big big difference in terms of german lawmaking, 
  relevant crime . 
  downloading music or speeding doesnt count, 
  shut up and let me make stupid assumptions based on the headline . 
  so a terrorists cant be mentally ill ? 
  this is how i heal my dads mental ilness . 
  who doesnt ? 
  pshhh dont tell them . 
  if he takes away my ck2 and hoi4 i will be in tears for years, 
  will be interesting if they blame videogames again . 
  though before munich that this discussion was dead . . 
  if a refugee runs over a pile of cola cans by accident , isis would claim responsible, 
  4 injured, 
  their are a lot people in uk and germany that arent integrated at all and not from arab countrys . 
  or the w\u00fcrzburg boy . 
  looked more like a fan kid who wanted to brawl then a real terrorist . 
  or the w\u00fcrzburg boy . 
  looked more like a fan kid who wanted to brawl then a real terrorist . 
  i think their will be even more attacks in near future but only for a certain time . 
  when isis has finally lost the land battle and all terretorys are lost then this will end mostly . 
  what we see is comparable to germany and japan 1945 . 
  madness , brtuality and stupid violence to keep alive . 
  suicide attacks , burned earth and use of childsoldiers . 
  they are blasting out all fire power they have left to keep alive, 
  maybe some vikings ? 
  good idea . 
  give the people a life , a future and a way to stay active and stop them from becoming crazy, 
  something something lebensraum, 
  classics : this is getting trump elected . '', 
  `` called it '' . 
  `` religion of peace '' .
