  you need to shock the voters and to squeeze the votes out of them . 
  only then you will gain more voters . 
  5 % what ever it takes, 
  i am living near bamberg and a lot of americans here . 
  omg . 
  most of them are quite fine but then their are this strange genetic lottery winners from north dakota or nebraska which are redicouslly loud , racist , whiney , and stuff . 
  i have met great people from their ( even north dakota ) but i refuse to talk with them about politics , culture , religion , heritage or anything . 
  one more american that tells me : '' i am irish '' or `` i am german '' and i will cut my self ... also please for the love of god dont visit nazi germany sights and then do the hitler gru\u00df . 
  please !, 
  but thats the same priciple, 
  the only kind of `` working '' prisons seems to be in scandinavian countrys . 
  their success quote is very good and they support the prisoners with working , lessons , gyms . 
  they dont send you into prison as a punishment . 
  they send you their to make you a better human being !, 
  right wing populists have now something to do with reality ? 
  their opinions and facts and stuff are as far away from realitly as the `` leftist '' . 
  if history has shown one thing then that vigilante patrols are a stupid idea . 
  the shadowban, 
  yes but this kind of crime would be better fitting for some rocker-gangs or some mafias . 
  we still have shit like russian , albanian mafia in berlin ( while they are not very large or powerful but they still exist on some level ), 
  well . 
  it makes no sense to discuss this with you . 
  you are obvioulsy full in love with the afd and thats ok . not everyone can have a great mind bro . 
  they more or less ignore climate chance ? 
  they are enemys of abortions . 
  they are against homosexuals marring . 
  they want the typical family with working dad and cooking mom ? 
  they dont like feminism . 
  want to lower/cut out the third reich from history lessons . 
  they want to cut out benefits and lower the taxes for the rich ? 
  if anything this party is big trash . 
  they are more or less a german version of donald trump, 
  in which way ? 
  the west is still the far better place to live in . 
  some places like d\u00fcsseldorf or offenbach have problems with immigrants but overall live is very good in west germany . 
  the problem is that you propably dont know much about living in germany ... 
  the amount of muslims in saxony anhalt and saxony is around 1-0 ,5 % ... actually these places have by far the fewest immigrants/muslims, 
  not really `` anti '' merkel . 
  they still have to support her . 
  they just dont like the refugee politics . 
  afd in the goverment would be a disaster ... 
  yes . 
  if winfried krettchmann would be with a more popular party he would be a person that could challange merkel . 
  he is awesome as fuck, 
  overall state of macedonia, 
  we had debates months ago but the recent crisis just killed the debate . 
  thats your source ? 
  wtf ... also : if i would have gotten 1 $ for every false report about crimes by refugees from right news i could retire . 
  macedonia is the exampel for a super successfull state ... 
  i dont exactly know but i had 4 boys in my class that had this problem ( non of them was a muslim or jew ) . 
  ofcourse my exampel doesnt count for all people, 
  also if it increased compared to the population boost . 
  if the rate of sex crime/population is still the same their is no problem i think . 
  cdu is middle right wing . 
  spd is middle left wing . 
  greens are a bit left wing . 
  fdp are mid right wing and die linke is clearly left wing . 
  afd is the right wing and npd is super right wing ( neonazis ), 
  thats just really true . 
  yes we tend to call racism a bit fast but really the afd is just racist . 
  thats what they are . 
  everyone knows it . 
  rare ? 
  i dont really think its that rare . 
  maybe 1 in 10 or so :d, 
  i imagine poroschenko like this . 
  you will become an admiral and you too . 
  we all can be an admiral . 
  what makes me so angry is how bad and stupid afd is ( and yes she is far right . 
  i will tell you why ) . 
  she wants to reduce any kind of sexism debate , womans representative , integration representative , and the equality between man and woman . 
  more or less like in the middle ages . 
  they want to reimport the conscription and want to cut out the parts of the ns regime in history lessons , at the same moment they want are more positive view on the nation and bad things shouldnt be thought . 
  they claim that the german `` race '' is dying and write that every german family should have at least 3 children . 
  they want to lower the tax for the rich and higher the tax for poor . 
  they want to cut social benefits ( so people go work again . 
  where did i saw this the last time ) . 
  they deny the climat change and want to reintroduce nuclear energy and want to support new nuclear plants in germany . 
  the afd th\u00fcringen wants to count homosexual and transgenders and perhaps publish the list . 
  the afd hessen wants to stop studying fees ( their arent any study fees in hessen since 2008 wtf ) . 
  several afd politicans named the ns-regime a `` unlucky '' time . 
  they want to abonden the euro and want to leave the eu . 
  they want to change the media laws like in poland and only support german `` arts '' , only projects will get funded that support the german mentality and nation.they want to shoot on refugees on the border . 
  the afd sachsen - anhalt wants that the people vote with their first voice for them and with the second for the npd ( known neo-nazi party ) in the regional elections . 
  overall the afd is more or less a party that trys to be donald trump . 
  they support far right people and work with them together . 
  their entire election manifesto is pure shit with ideas from the early 20th century . 
  this party trys to look like a `` protest '' party ( like die piraten/the pirats ) but the hard and horrible truth is that they are a party that wants power and wants to form a 20th germany . 
  what the fuck . 
  `` they get 500.000 babies per year , thus double their total population every 20 years . '', 
  fck my life ... he did the math, 
  this sub starts to make me thinking about suicide ... holey fuck . 
  you may realize that there where war in afghanistan and iraq at the same time ? 
  this is not true . 
  in germany their isnt a single city any more . 
  well that is just plain wrong . 
  its easy to say that they should stay in turkey camps but they are mostly full and asyl applications take up to 2021 . 
  also the turkish goverment will throw out all syriens in the first sign of peace . 
  many refugees in turky are homeless and sleep on the streat . 
  edit : also libiya is facing a major civil war and with bad luck it could be the beginning of syria 2.0,
