  my god, 
  defq . 
  read the article you retard, 
  no one gives them asylum ... also their are some asylum cases that actually get passed ( i work in a refugee camp as security ) and we had 2 albanians that got asylum bc they where shot and hunted by the mafia . 
  one even had a scar from 2 bullets in his left leg . 
  same goes for christians from countrys like iran , pakistan . 
  asylum doesnt need a official war ( like in syria ) but can be given to people that are hunted by government , terrorists and victims of genocide . 
  this is why actually many people in afganistan have a pretty decent asylum claim . 
  if there werent like 2 million syriens in europe they all would get asylum granted . 
  i am working out since around 1\u00a01/2 years and lost around 35 kg of fat and got muscular and call my self `` bodybuilder '' . 
  the ammount of hate , envy and insults towards people like me are unreal . 
  i get shamed on by people for not eating , doing sports and shit . 
  stuff like : omg you will die . 
  or eat this hamburger its good for you . 
  also people will call you out on steroids and other shit like : `` oh protein is like cancer for your body '' . 
  the ammount of uneducated idiots is unreal . 
  please for the love of god !, 
  introduce food education !!!!, 
  the amount of bullshit i hear everyday is unreal !, 
  many people dont realise that they eat wrong and the ones that try to `` diet '' are the worst . 
  the `` diet '' companys are full of shit trying to sell you shit like detoxing , low fat ( cheese , milk and other stuff ) and all their : 3 weeks to dreambody shit . 
  its important that children/teenager learn in school about how caloric systems work ( input/output ) , how protein , carbs and fats work , why sport is healty , which kind of sport is right for them . 
  why orange juice is fucking cancer for every diet . 
  their are so many wrong informations/myth in this world that needs to die out . 
  otherwise the western nations will keep getting fatter and fatter and die to health issues . 
  also introduce them to the gym . 
  buy schools a gym room where they can train with weights . 
  make it part of the sports education plan . 
  also stop hating on diet cola . 
  its easiest way to lose weight . 
  no each person . 
  they ofc do n't pay but they still try to claim money from the refugee . 
  i am working in a refugee camp . 
  did you know they charge refugees 29 $ per month while most of them have a tv nor understand a single word . 
  german birocracy on his finest, 
  so maybe some question why this is published by a public service broadcast ( mostly payed by taxes and gez ) . 
  in germany almost all satire shows ( die anstalt , extra 3 , heute show , neo magazine ) are published by the public broadcasters . 
  well as long as you dont life in turkey it seems fine to publish . 
  also extra 3 and the heute show , die anstalt and other satire shows are all public braodcasted . 
  actually it is such a shame they use this chant . 
  was the best line together with the voldemord line :d, 
  pulling an erdowahn arent you ? 
  no its joking a bit about the overall german society as well as fucking the right wings . 
  you didnt understand the video at all . 
  seems like you are pulling a erdowahn here, 
  also its not nationalistic it jokes about nationalistic people as well as left wing people . 
  its a parody of the entire frame of society . 
  lost lots of his gains dude . 
  no more 5 % :( yep, 
  making people stateless isnt good at all . 
  will create a juristic clusterfuck . 
  if it gets super bad the terrorist even get paid a fee from the state after judge decides . 
  pretty sure the rest of the world could shit on france . 
  i actually think that `` istamists '' isnt right fitting here . 
  more like dictatorship overall . 
  whats wrong ? 
  also how blinded do you have to be to beleave that ? 
  germany is one of the most respected , most rated , most reliable state in the entire world . 
  my experience in this subreddit says its not a problem at all in finland, 
  yankees ... 
  not at all, 
  villages in hungary arent maybe the best place to blow your self up . 
  please tell me more , 
  yes fighting them is one thing ( even thought if you look onto afghanistan , irak , basque and vietnam ) it never worked out . 
  fighting them actually never really worked out in history . 
  but being afraid is bad . 
  as robert baratheon said : the seven kingdoms are hold together by 2 things . 
  fear and blood . 
  no you are the fool . 
  you make them win . 
  if you are afraid of them they win . 
  probably they will profit again, 
  who ? 
  i know a lot of muslims . 
  no one would ever celebrate this, 
  positional asphyxia, 
  oh death on deportations isnt that rare . 
  i work in security buisness and our `` teacher '' in several courses was the former security head of the frankfurter airport . 
  he said that it happens more often then you think . 
  it like 50/50 . 
  50 % of all death while being deported are suicide and the other 50 % die do to panic attacks , police misstreading ( positional asphyxia ) or stuff like that . 
  its not that uncommon . 
  if you for exampel take your salary and move to ukraine you could live like a king more or less . 
  this entire subreddit is more or less a bubble himself . 
  but we dont give a fuck . 
  they come to germany and then tell you something like : oh great i am in germany . 
  you have to know that i am 1/28890 german so it is in my roots . 
  oh their is german joke about it . 
  the germans allways wake up early in the morning to place a towel on the best places at the pool . 
  in germany everyone respects this and will not lay down there . 
  a russians comes over and screams : dimitry , come fast . 
  what a service . 
  a free sung launger with german towel . 
  also many germans dont define their `` nationality '' by heritage . 
  if some one is from a turkish culture but lives in germany for 20 years and has a german citizienship for me he is german . 
  but a american that is the first time in germany who doesnt even speak basic german , knows as much about germany as most refugees is not a german for me . 
  he had the luck to have german grand grand parents but as long as he doesnt hold the german citizienship ( or at least as a second nationality ) he is no german . 
  that was sarcasm . 
  no danish is not cool as you try to implement, 
  in this sub you arent allowed to have an opinion other then eu critics right wing populism,
