  audio has the rs series wich kills litterly every car in this price segment . 
  the reason mustangs sell well in europe is completly based on the `` flair '' of these cars . 
  he is pretty much a stereotyp version of a fat slimy politican that actually doesnt have much to do with the core values of the spd . 
  the only american cars that are any comman are these `` european looking '' fords and maybe mustangs but only bc of the flair . 
  i am fairly involved with the youth of die linke in my region and also know a lot of left wing / antifa people . 
  a lot will not vote for die linke bc of sarah wagenknecht . 
  me neither . 
  i would want to vote for them but i will not just bc of her, 
  also the bigest problem for die linke will be sarah wagenknecht ... fuck this putin , communist loving bitch she is . 
  pretty sure it will be schulz vs scholz in the spd after gabriel will totally crash in 2017 election . 
  he had a profile pick of breivik in whats app and referred to himself as aryan and almost only killed foreigners ... yep no right wing here . 
  i know gay isnt the right word here but youth slang would call it out `` gay '' . 
  in germany if you get a bit emotional as a young man people will tell ask if you are gay . 
  i thought about going to uni before it but i thought doing a ausbildung would be the better choice because i was just out of school and `` studying '' seemed like the worst thing in my life . 
  i wrote my abitur with a great score of 3,4 and so it wouldnt be easy to get a decent studienplatz . 
  i wanted to become a fachinformatiker f\u00fcr systemintegration or anwendungsentwicklung ( a it guy for software design or hardware related topics ) . 
  but instead i choose to start a `` sabbath '' year ( from mai 2015 to october 2016 . 
  maybe best time of my life ) . 
  i worked in the refugee shelter while starting bodybuilding and also a bit of traveling ( not that much but at least a bit ) . 
  i lost 60 pounds and found a girlfriend . 
  i also wrote me in in several universitys for several different subjects ( mostly it related ) and i even got my favorite `` studiengang '' in it economics . 
  i am not sure if the refugees really motivated me to go to uni but after my `` sabbath '' year i just wanted to go . 
  for me doing a ausbildung didnt seem right anymore . 
  without the refugees i wouldnt have taken the year off and wouldnt have started to work out and bc of that i wouldnt have found my girlfriend who trains with me 6 times a week . 
  the work in the refugee shelter somehow was the best decision in my life . 
  thank you , 
  who says that i dont care about the great scheme ? 
  i know we cant take all refugees on this planet ... also maybe if you would not look at human beeings with this cost effect attitude then people would actually like you . 
  there will be no time where the war is over . 
  this is a classic fuck up that will take decades to settle . 
  `` but we have to work jobs so that people like him can volunteer and then call us racists and pretend like they 're the only ones with insight on the issue afterwards . '', 
  first of all you didnt work for this anyway . 
  i was and still living at home . 
  if anybody then my dad payed for this . 
  also i dont call here anybody racist at all . 
  and i dont say that i have more insight then you ( even though i have but who cares anyway ), 
  i am sorry for what happend to you :( no body deserves to get hurt like that ... 
  i work in security buisness and until last week we secured 3 refugee shelters in my hometown . 
  now all refugees gone :( the last 3-4 month were depressing . 
  we only had like 15-20 refugee in our camp and all of them from iran so most of them got deported one buy one or brought into appartments . 
  i will miss them . 
  i am honest here . 
  i dont urge anything against these people . 
  my work changed me and made me reach out to the world . 
  i am another person with totally different world view . 
  i had a great time . 
  work was hard and i worked up to 270h a month in the shelters in 2015 . 
  somehow this strange place `` refugee camp '' grew into my heart . 
  we had a lot of different people here . 
  humble nice people but also trumblemakers . 
  i wont denounce that there where criminals and economic migrants under them but also the real refugees opend my heart . 
  in august 2015 we had a young boy ( 14-15 for real . ), 
  with his older brother coming from syria . 
  they litterly fled homs last second and traveled with their family to germany . 
  their boat sank in the sea somewhere near the greek border . 
  he and his brother were the only survivors of this . 
  he lost his entire family that night . 
  he looked like a ptsd patient . 
  like a shellshocked person from ww1 . 
  he lay there and we had big problems doing anything for him . 
  he later was brought into a mental hospital ( i dont know the english word ) . 
  oh i just realized i am losing the plot here xd well the only thing i can say is that i really miss this place and the time . 
  many people will call me out for being a libtard or what ever you want to call me . 
  i dont give a fuck . 
  i had a very educational time that teached me alot about other human beeings , cultur and the life overall and lead to a radical change for me . 
  i losed almost 60 pounds , and just recently started to study at university . 
  all started bc of the people from the refugee camp . 
  maybe this sounds stupid and gay but i dont care . 
  i own these peopel something . 
  i dont know what and why but what ever . 
  i hope maybe someone of you understand what i mean . 
  edit : thank you lovely stranger for the gold < 3, 
  moto : `` here is boris '', 
  my team won !, 
  now shut up you libtards you sore losers . 
  we woooooooon !!!!!!!, 
  we showed you what we do to educated people !, 
  we make them cry !, 
  trump will show these transsexual left wing green pussy lickers who is boss here !, 
  mega / s this is not a fucking sportsgame . 
  there are no winners here ... only losers . 
  and you guys lost the most . 
  you smart people from the rust and bible belt . 
  played your self but who cares about peace , health , a good diplomatic relationship , good economy when you can have trumppppppppp !!!!, 
  at this point i am sure that gb could somehow make boris johnsen the next president of the usa . 
  well nobody really give a fuck anymore i think . 
  next 4 years will be a sliding shit show . 
  hell the democrats look completly smased and try not to interfere anything bc they dont want to be the sore loser ( which for some reason is like super important in the us ) and the republicans are fighting their own little civil war trumpets vs mccain and grahams people, 
  til merkel is a corrupt oligarch worth billions who gives a lot of state owned companys to her family and good friends , murders her opposition and starts war in georgia , ukraine while putting consistant pressure on turkey , baltics , finnland and sweden ? 
  `` merkel is absolutely worthless . 
  she 's like the german equivalent to putin . 
  what country in europe has n't she stabbed in the back or undermined their interests ? '', 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/5mddqs/german_vice_chancellor_sigmar_gabriel_calls_for/dc2vf8p/?context=3 you dude are a moron, 
  the church in dortmund is also several hundret years younger then the church in trier . 
  the difference between the church in dortmund and trier is around 2 times as large as the usa is old now . 
  bc cnn is bullshitting but not even close as much bullshitting as bb . 
  there is a difference between bad journalism and out right dangerous journalism . 
  i understand that the work of cnn is onesided and or bad but at least they dont try to provoke people to violence and hate against people with different religious or skin color attributes . 
  lol you want breitbart tv in germany ... 
  sure you did,
