  as long as you dont live on one of the islands or in mayor border citys i dont think you will really feel any difference . 
  in my hometowen we have 1000 refugees on 40.000 people . 
  until a recent newspaper articel most people here didnt even knew that we have a asylum camp over here . 
  they dont let them alone . 
  the entire family sends 2-3 male . 
  the rest of the man protect the family . 
  no it is most of the time the truth . 
  family sends 2-3 males and they seek for asyl to get the family with them . 
  but now the german goverment blocked that way . 
  i had this several times in my work in a refugee camp . 
  the family sends like 2-3 mans ( son , fathers , cousins ) and they seek for asyl . 
  they get it but they got told its impossible to get their family their . 
  this is why they go back to at least be able to protect their family . 
  this is also the main reason why we have so many males here . 
  most of the time the entire family puts all their money to gether to bring them to germany/austria/sweden and this is also why they are so desperate . 
  they dont want to fail, 
  working in a refugee camp as a security guard . 
  i cant really support the claim that there were isis members under the refugees but also i cant denie it . 
  99,9 % of them made a reasonable impression ... but you never know . 
  and wants asyl . 
  not that we throw out every person that is tunisian ... 
  no but visiting his home ( happend several times in saxony ) and threatening him should be illegal . 
  i didnt even know . 
  well you should be happy that you still have power and gas / s, 
  god r/crusaderkings is leaking again !, 
  no not even close to the same cultur, 
  neither afghans nor iranians are arabs - ______ - edit : why are some people downvoting me ? 
  well they are still germans . 
  in this time this 2 citys where german . 
  my family is also from schlesien and obviously i refer to my self as a german/bavarian/frankonian . 
  actually like half of poland has german haritage, 
  its like all over western and middle europe . 
  well in this occasion i wish good luck to greece . 
  you can get deported for speeding ? 
  their are mothers that kill their babys because they cant afford to feat it ... 
  source : my girlfriend is from ukraine . 
  you really dont want to live in western ukraine . 
  around kiev its very expansive but ok but some parts of western ukraine are poor as fuck , racist , huge corruption problems and shit . 
  also a lot of hate towards eastern ukrains . 
  hard to do when you are more or less broken to death , your entire political system is based on corruption and at the same time you have to spend money on troops so russia cant take more parts of your country away . 
  and the shooting down of a fucking plane with 230 innocent human beings . 
  they can apply !, 
  you can also apply for every job in this world . 
  that doesnt mean that you will get it nor that everybody will get this job . 
  hard to do with a raging war that just take the richest parts of your country away . 
  well at the same moment germany starts the deportations ... 
  they cant send back people from tunesia , marocco but they send back ukrains ? 
  well most nazis are stupid as fuck bro . 
  most of them neither now the history of the nazis nor their real political view . 
  also nazis arent completly based onthe hate of jews ( but it still is an important part of them ), 
  i cant see this ending well . 
  there are 3 options : 1 . 
  this fails and the civil war gets worser ( this is the better version of it failing ) 2 . 
  this fails and ruissa feels attack and attack ukraine military ( worse failing ) 3 . 
  its a `` success '' and the regain power over crimea . 
  now russia will punsh back ... great !, 
  i dont think there will be any chance that russia will give crimea away without an answer . 
  and i dont think this will be a very nice answer either . 
  is your way to live more worth then the life of families ? 
  edit : also ofc a few hundret families will turn your great irland to a slum ... 
  both, 
  god ... this bitching from all sides of the eu is just stupid . 
  \u00b4 the entire eu seems to be a place full of whiny bitches ... and orban is the most whiny bitch, 
  you dont want to know the ammount of downvotes this post gets ... having solutions , facts and intelligent opinions in this sub is heretic and unaccaptable . 
  living in germany since my brith 20 years ago and never faced something like this . 
  pros : - high living standart - good education overall - very low youth unemployment - free healthcare - freedom - being german helps you in life negative : - nothing pretty much , some first world problems - people bitching about politics on social media, 
  if the eu and all countrys of it would finally get their ass together and work a way out to stop the problem i am sure we could fix this in 2-3 month . 
  we need to support big camps in libanon , turkey , jordanien , greece . 
  financially as well as with humanitary help !, 
  give them a chance to emigrate them into the eu in a peacefull way without them having to run through half europe . 
  how about we give families in this big camps a chance to file an asyl application without having them to enter the eu ? 
  then we then share them around eu . 
  everyone finally takes his burden and takes a number that is `` ok '' towards their total population . 
  we work together as a team and not like chicken . 
  maybe secure the border to greece but in a way you can only pass it registrated ( you can allways pass it but you have to registrate ) . 
  give this people a legal chance to emigrate and help them in their countrys and neightboor countrys !, 
  every one deserves to live a peaceful life without fear !, 
  invest into the school system with higher taxes for the rich and companys like apple , amazon , google , facebook . 
  their are million ways to solve this shit , but run like headless chicken like we do now wont help anybody !, 
  as a left wing i actually support this idea . 
  seams reasonable . 
  actually 95 % of people dont care about islam and `` islamization '' ... 0,5 % of all people in saxony are muslims ... 
  i did read some parts of it and i have to say : who ever reads this book and doesnt think this man was a stupid lunatic has big problems . 
  like 90 % of the book content sounds somebody with schizophrenia wrote it . 
  its far behind unlogical bullshitting that for some reason got a lot of attention by people that found it good . 
  its more or less unreadable and very hard to get through . 
  gave me headache, 
  austrian trolling is best trolling, 
  yes . 
  i would wait until my city is surrounded by enemys . 
  the best way to prevent these things is education, 
  well . 
  i am pretty sure i just could go to england rob some random person in a dark street and fly back to germany and no one would know . 
  r/europe the only place where no body cares about your sources bc their sources are the only one accepted . 
  and if your source seems to be legit or what ever then it was `` spun '' by the media . 
  you may die ? 
  you propably have to sell all your belongings to have enough money to get their ? 
  you could get stuck , shot , down and what ever on the way ? 
  you have to leave your entire life behind you ? 
  to say : oh fleeing is the best and easiest option is stupid .
