  the csu hates the greens . 
  at least acording to their fb posts . 
  black/green is only a theoretical posibility . 
  i dont think it will happen in the next 10 years, 
  i think they would make a good duo . 
  with die linke they maybe can take the cdu but most likely it will be a great coalition again, 
  i would have voted either green , spd or left wing . 
  tell me more about my countrys politics plox, 
  how dare you . 
  schulz is the builder of world peace . 
  he will sattle peace between israel and palestina, 
  bc he is the next gott-kaiser . 
  he is the new kid of zeus and europa, 
  me too, 
  r/the _ schulz is coming . 
  yep, 
  yep . 
  even the entire theory for nuclear weapon is based on germans work . 
  france, 
  you realize that politics is not about smashing everything and a big dick contest ? 
  and around 60kg heavier . 
  to be precise he is the fattest president since taft . 
  also several times on ralies in 2015 and 2016, 
  us vs germany wont happen . 
  if anything it would be usa vs eu . 
  yup . 
  i think their is a decent chance the eu will close their ties with china and india ( both countrys that are upset about trump even before he took power ), 
  he is talking about obama, 
  he was the oldest president elect ever ( only reagen second term was older ) and also the most fat one since taft . 
  he could litterly die every minute now from a heart attack . 
  gosh the man who speaks like someone with a stroke, 
  yup . 
  we all know how eisenhower like his `` germans '' . 
  burned to death, 
  china will be our new girlfriend, 
  or jews, 
  `` we will remove islamistic terrorism from the face of the earth '' i dont know why but this sounds familiar, 
  he is from r/the _ dump, 
  he sounds like a young nationalistic leader ( a bit like a young franco ) directly after taking power . 
  trying the bring through his agenda while not trying to piss of everyone . 
  classic `` you are intolerant bc you are intolerant towards intolerant people '' . 
  also forgive me for not being a native english speaker . 
  the reason why the gas chambers are so cruel and disguasting is that it is the `` industry version '' of genocide . 
  they where designed , build and used purely on the fact to murder as many human beings as possible as fast and cost effective as possible . 
  yes people like mao killed millions with their politics and enslaved even more but no one ever killed people just for the sake of killing people in these numbers . 
  the ss in these camps didnt watch it as a execution or something . 
  they saw it like factory owner does it . 
  how can i kill as many people as possible without huge cost in a very small time frame . 
  '' germany went further than anyone else ( although you might argue that their crimes also went further than any other ) '' you are so right with this . 
  what also bothers me a lot is these random americans wehraboos coming around and argue like : `` hitler wasnt so bad . 
  mao/stalin/everyothercommunistorfacistdictator was way worser bc famine/gulags/whatever . 
  no they arent worser . 
  none of them created a `` industry '' to kill as many people as fast as possible with lowest costs and lowest efforts . 
  just read comments on bilds facebook account . 
  disguasting as fuck . 
  not only they support afd heavily there no , they are also in favor of no trail executions of rapists and pedophiles ( no joke . 
  just read about the next rape and you will know what i mean ) and since the us elections they really really like trump . 
  a lot of comments are like this : `` we need someone like trump that removes the scum out of our country '' and stuff like this . 
  horrible . 
  dresden is the home of pegida and also the home of the highest amount of right wing persons , attacks on foreigners and the part of germany with the lowest amount of muslims over all . 
  its your fault that afd will rebuild gro\u00df deutschland . 
  all your fault with your left-green cancer aids mentality . 
  what makes me so angry about this is that litterly every person that has a good understanding of german politcs , dipolomacy , economics and history and litterly every other valuable mental skin gets viewed as the `` elite '' . 
  i am studying it economics and a lot of people ask me to repair there pc . 
  i also work in security buisness and a lot of these people are afd voters and anti-intellectuals . 
  they really like to make fun about you stright after you fixed there laptop ... to these kind of people every person that is smarter then them ( and doesnt drink 4 bottles of beer after work ) is a `` elitist '' . 
  no more bloody trench wars :(, 
  it is like borderline . 
  no baywa is it, 
  psst he is from the dofus . 
  dont talk to him . 
  he is retrad, 
  he is a wickd smath, 
  my neither didnt elect someone who has sexual intercourse with a big nor did we just leave the most prosperous market ever . 
  shut up or we call austria in and beat your shit up you bloody prussians, 
  is that the sad ending ? 
  so we can still fight a murderous war about this fries beer country from time to time ? 
  not ? 
  oh time to finally visit my german relatives in the buckingham palace then . 
  the truth ... 
  i allways wanted to have tea time in london :( you got me there, 
  ** ca n't wrap my mind around why people want to closen up their borders in a world where it 's becomming easier and easier to meet foreign people . 
  uh looks like this great institution of overpaying football players , bad breakfast and woman who look like mr.krebs now finally sunk to the ground of the atlantic ocean . 
  this 1 republic over there . 
  you are realizing that canada has the usa directly in front of them ? 
  china and japan , south korea have the pacific ocean area as trade partner aswell as lots of south asian countrys . 
  austrilia the same and brazil has the entire south american continent . 
  uk has the eu infront of it but now kicked over their main trade partner . 
  smart move, 
  he didnt say anything like that and you know it, 
  pretty much like uk politics . 
  what about the 7.000.000 critons living in spain ? 
  ever thought about them ? 
  its to late to apologize, 
  good bye and god shave the queen . 
  we will miss you bloody cunts, 
  i am confused . 
  should i clap now or cry ? 
  reads like nsdap light, 
  jaguar gets ripped apart in terms of quality and power of the engine .
