  then the usual sjw hate . 
  classic the end is coming . 
  pretty much the same parols as every day just more frequent, 
  mad respect form me . 
  how did you turn around ? 
  i hope so too brother . 
  r/worldnews hate rampage yesterday was disguasting enough : /, 
  its clear this wasnt a islamic terrorist ... 
  i am not apologizing terrorists, 
  just give it 2 days . 
  back in winnenden ( 2008 ??? ), 
  on evening of the attack they had several tv shows about videogames . 
  stern tv had an entire show about it like 1 day after . 
  and ofc this guy now has also cod and cs go ( wich kid hasnt ), 
  he just murderd every human he could hit . 
  he has no political background, 
  no 2 other . 
  this where policeman in normal cloth, 
  its actually a problem with mental health, 
  pretty sure someone will blame counter strike and metal music, 
  yes thats the point of the game . 
  but you seriously have to wrestle the shit out of a knight and stuff and bring him on the floor . 
  insanly difficult to do in a 10000 man battle in the late 14th century . 
  also people thinking that you could kill a knight in close combat with weapons . 
  that was the entire point of heavy knights in the 14-16th hundrets . 
  you couldnt kill them . 
  it doesnt even matter if the weapons are sharp or not . 
  which passport are you talking about ? 
  i dont see any passport , 
  hopefully enough for one beer ... 
  how about flying to serbia and then walking to austria/germany ? 
  if 1 million refugees can do that then you too . 
  travel to germany and then just throw away your pass or just claim asyl . 
  actually if this goes on turky could become a country asyl could be granted for ( it even does know actually for some kurds . 
  have 2 in my local refugee camp i work in ), 
  neither did hitler . 
  you read hitlers mein kampf ? 
  not really a book more like a 164 pages long tumblr hatered on yews and communism . 
  thats all . 
  every fucking retard can write that with 8 month in jail . 
  ok we can go home now . 
  this one wins . 
  most stupid i have ever read on reddit . 
  this will lead to another night of the long knives . 
  in the next weeks every single troop leader that isnt in the akp or any way not pro erdogan will be replaced . 
  tv stations as well and other authoritys . 
  he even thinks about reintroducing the death penalty for this people . 
  without military experience , weapons , commander , money , influence , industry to fund your war , allies . 
  i am sure this will work out perfectly ... 
  dont think so . 
  the nato is so much stronger then russian military . 
  and russia has no real allies . 
  the eu alone outspends russia by 2 times, 
  david davis . 
  so stupid they named him twice, 
  that one is german, 
  so he is gon na be the one making the new trade agrements with germany and the eu ? 
  well steinmeier will make him and the uk cry then . 
  yes and you got a lot of them . 
  aa churchill once said : the best argument against democracy is a 5 minute conversation with the avarage voter, 
  no no . 
  its the dumbass, 
  well poland trying to make them `` slaves '' . 
  does that count ? 
  if they dont fight other parts of the ukraine will fall aswell as other territorys near russia . 
  if ukraine stops fighting maybe putins attention will go back to kazachstan or the baltics . 
  as you state some people are `` ok '' with mao or loyalists while no one ever in germany likes hitler at all ( without that 0,01 % on the far far right ), 
  depends . 
  in terms of kill counts yes they where but hitler couldnt kill that many people bc their wherent that many people avaible . 
  china had 1.2 billion people back then and killed around 60 million . 
  thats around 0,05 % while nazi germany had around 80 million inhabs and killed 6 million jews , 1 million romas and 1 million political enemys ( i know that many jews came out of poland , ukraine but what ever ) but the number of people killed by hitler compared to population is way higher . 
  also what hitler makes so incredible cruel is that way they killed the jews . 
  this methodic most effective and perfectionist way of gassing jews and then burning them in so high numbers was so incredible cruel . 
  yes . 
  mao let million people starve to death but the hitler designed an entire industy system to kill jews . 
  the kzs wherent designed to build something or production ( mostly ) but just to kill as many people possible with least possible effort . 
  i think all 3 of them where horrible people but hitler has this 1 spark of totally brutal insanity that made his kind of slaughtering so disguasting . 
  i dont know if you where in a kz in your life ( i was in buchenwald ) and really its hard to cope around that . 
  i dont mean good payed middle class jobs but the low paying jobs, 
  thats just sad . 
  in germany its min 24 days but long term ( over 5 years ) often get up to 6 week of paid vacation in germany . 
  not really . 
  they will find other ways to find new workers to work at that salary . 
  `` fewer rules and unions so they will get a job they can do and make a wage they can live by . 
  they would thrive much more in this system '' like the us ? 
  where you cant be sick without losing income ? 
  cant have a child bc your employer needs you ? 
  no payed vacation ? 
  12 hour shifts ? 
  no thank you . 
  damn the british . 
  they ruined the uk, 
  majestic is also how is daughter is the director of the university of moscow and her husband and long term boyfriend is son of a billionair and was with 20 years part of an ethic comission of gazprom ... disgusting . 
  portos youth academy is huge but not that huge, 
  but not to actual war but diseas and hunger . 
  like in good old times, 
  no one knows for sure . 
  some say he is some say he isnt . 
  fact is that he didnt fund his campaign at all . 
  he even gets money out of it .
