i too would love to know `` why is kazahstan square '' ? 
  i 'm not sure how i should feel about '' ... and us '' , but at least you guys do n't want to bomb me every couple decades :p, 
  apparently we 're also a colony of monako at the same time . 
  i 'd much rather just see them both retired . 
  he was actually a decent person . 
  you think that half of your nation is stupid , racist , mysogenist , etc ? 
  you 're going to disregard all of them just because they do n't see the world as you do without as much as trying to understand why they 're like that ? 
  this is exactly the point i 'm making here - if you push those people out of your circles they 'll for their own and fight for their interests and beliefs . 
  looking from the outside i have a feeling that this attitude is exactly why you are in this situation . 
  generalising half of your population as `` those people '' , calling them all racist , bigots , scum of the earth and treating them with disdain pushes them towards more extreme positions , because they feel there 's nothing left for them in the more moderate circles . 
  the same happened in my country and that 's why we 're where we are . 
  it 's disturbing to see this effect in a global superpower . 
  sorry mate , that was years ago and i have no idea where to find it . 
  i 've once seen a czech porn with polish vo . 
  the lector was completly emotionless and he also `` translated '' all moans during the action scenes . 
  i 've never laughed so hard in my life . 
  i watch all anime in japanese , with subs and i see absolutely no problem with it . 
  i ca n't stand dubbing in anything . 
  i 've once read an article about people who enjoy traveling so much they tattoo a world map on their back and every time they visit a new country they have it colored in . 
  according to this post putins would be seriously impressive , if he choose to get one , 
  i too want to eat my cookies and still have them . 
  it used to bother me , especially considering where all of the different [ midpoints of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geographical_midpoint_of_europe ) are located . 
  also the stereotypes used to annoy me . 
  now i 've stopped caring and happily tell people stories about how i must dodge polar bears on my way to work . 
  there 's no cure for stupid and if someone believes there 's no civilisation east of germany it 's their problem . 
  they already have one leftover from when a certain hadrian partied in the area . 
  just pluck a few holes here and there and it 'll be good as new . 
  well , the great britain does n't want to play with us anymore , so we 're replacing them with mexico . 
  well , i know what i 'm voting for . 
  with all the talks of creating an eu army maybe we could just annex you ? 
  when i click it now it 's fine . 
  no idea what that was - what i saw before was just the first two paragraphs . 
  maybe some script glitch , or an adblocker thing . 
  thank you anyway , this makes much more sense , 
  is this article literally two short paragraphs , or is there something i need to click on to display the rest and i 'm too dumb to see it ? 
  so that 's what all this morning commotion was about ... 
  if you squint a little you 'll see [ this ordinary looking guy ] ( http://cdnpix.com/show/imgs/5419f7321c4a10527dc745d3a7e46c70.jpg ) behind a tree in the background . 
  are you trying to invoke the streisand effect ? 
  because that 's how you get the streisand effect . 
  people with better education and economical status turn away from superstition . 
  it seems that most of the time when i want to watch something it 's `` not available in my region '' . 
  well , if they do n't wa n't my money i 'll go to a pirate site and watch it there . 
  and then was excluded from the victory parade in london . 
  he 's probably refering the fact that homo sapiens as a species most likely originated in africa . 
  we like our polar bears as well . 
  we 've had herbata before it was cool . 
  one could argue it 's the most important on the old continent . 
  a little extreme in my opinion . 
  of course they will be outvoted if the majority does n't even bother to vote . 
  here 's two articles on brexit that show that areas with more young people had lower turnover : [ article 1 ] ( http://blogs.ft.com/ftdata/2016/06/24/brexit-demographic-divide-eu-referendum-results/ ) , [ article 2 ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-36619342 ) . 
  the second one ends with a quote i could not agree more with :  the young might resent the old for dominating politics . 
  the old might retort that the young need to show up in greater numbers if they want their views to be heard . 
  i do n't think it 's an issue with the eldery - they are as they always were and we 'll be the same when we get old . 
  in my opinion the problem lies with young people not bothering to vote . 
  again , what good will it do if in the next term the pissed off people elect a radical who will do their bidding and possibly mess things up even more ? 
  political decisions shape the fate of a country even after the term is up , so if a bad decision is about to happen anyway it would be my duty to minimize the damage . 
  of course a good politician would actually make people change their opinion before the bad decision happens , but that is not always possible . 
  i 've heard that german humor is serious business and not a laughing matter ... 
  you 're absolutely correct in this . 
  however this is also exactly the kind of condescending , patronising attitude that got everyone into this situation in the first place . 
  what would happen during the next gb elections if the referendum was denied , despite a large popular demand ? 
  maybe nothing , or maybe the same thing that happened in my country , where a bunch of crazy people were elected mostly to show the middle finger to the old , more moderate government , mostly because to a lot of people they were unbearable in their `` we know better '' attitude . 
  that would end badly , both for the uk and the eu . 
  eu has a tendency to treat its population like rowdy children and i believe that the current rise in popularity of the more extreme parties is the result of that attitude . 
  yes , eu lost great britain . 
  maybe we 'll gain scotland and northern ireland , most certainly there will be trade agreements that will keep the economy on the continent going , and hopefully some lessons will be learned . 
  indifferent mostly . 
  this will cause trouble for the shared market for some time , but i 'm pretty sure gb will replace membership with trade agreements , eu will have to reshuffle some of it 's imports/exports in the meantime and it will even out in the long run . 
  what annoys me is all the comments that because of this cameron should not have called for a vote . 
  i think he did the right thing because , that 's how democracy is supposed to work - if the majority of the nation wants something it 's the governments obligation to do it , even if they do n't like it . 
  i 'm curious about what scotland and northern ireland do now - will they want to leave the gb and rejoin eu , or stay with the english ? 
  either way i wish them all the best , because why not ? 
  i also think that this should be a warning sign for the eu , that maybe it should put more thought into what people actually want , rather than trying to build a liberal utopia . 
  i 've never seen a better use of this image . 
  well played , sir . 
  that username as well :d, 
  i like `` polpire '' better  our traditional term is `` w\u0105pierz '' , though it 's barely used now outside of fantasy literature and has been replaced by a more westernised `` wampir '' . 
  obviously waterproof houses should be built on the underside of the island , so if it does capsize the citizens have somewhere to live . 
  maybe you guys should invest in floaties around the whole island if that keeps happening ? 
  this is what i get for not drinking my share of coffe ... 
  hold on , did we annex western parts of belarus and ukraine when i was n't looking ? 
  i 'd pay to watch that . 
  * what 's the plan ? 
  * we 'll send the germans to the left flank , the russians to the right , and the belgians through the middle . 
  * sir , both of them ? 
  it 's mostly the brits nowdays . 
  [   source < < ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvdjnsb-q4e ) we do have some leopard 2 tanks though . 
  got ta say , that tankette is pretty sweet . 
  meh , the worst suggestion i got from our google was `` is germany a country ? '', 
  and even that was fourth on the list . 
  it pointed to an article nitpicking on a post ww2 treaty . 
  even our politicians are not using germany as the boogeyman as much as they used to in the past . 
  i 'd actually play that . 
  riots in berlin incoming ... 
  they did n't want them anyway . 
  germany op , nerf plz . 
  [ triggered ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/933/165/048.png ), 
  i 've no doubts that antoni would come up with a brilliant strategy to repell ze invaderz with zero casualities of our own . 
  likely involving generating fake fog . 
  [ didasa ] ( http://www.oyun90.com/files/file/024.jpg ) is the only true brand , kurwa !,
