  and i am not sure that the greek government has the skills , the mentality and the plans for handling the transition smoothly . 
  well i am almost sure of the opposite . 
  [ i find myself agreeing too often with british conservatives . 
  ] ( http://bbc.in/1nnmdk9 ) the only way that i see to stabilize the situation is a negotiated exit . 
  and i also agree with his analysis about syriza strategy it looks like they are trying to be forced out of the eurozone for not having to take the blame on greek public opinion . 
  it is weird , pablo iglesias has been very cold headed with the strategy for winning elections . 
  maybe we are forgetting that he and his party have an ideology . 
  for putting on twitter . 
  seriously ? 
  and being like that works ? 
  not only the brits . 
  i think that this was a bad idea . 
  i would love to get out . 
  still a minority . 
  and greece has become a country without collective agreements and universal healthcare while all the creditors have ( except cyprus , i think ) . 
   the realistic answer would probably be that italy and spain are too big to fail . 
  yes , and the bailout of the spanish financial sector was done in better terms than ireland ( the more similar case ) without involving the imf probably due to that . 
  not that i am the one to complain , but spain got better terms than the ones that greece is asking for . 
  maybe even too divided for uk ( or current british government ) interests , cameron wants at least some cosmetic eu treaties reforms that solidify the position of uk out of any hypothetical deeper integration for the referendum . 
  but it does n't look like the eu is going to be united enough for that . 
   what can prevent a next government , greek or otherwise , to reject standing agreements , to demand its own deal and debt restructuring ? 
  giving an agreement that includes debt restructuring that makes the debt sustainable without periodical crisis like this ( it has never been done until now ) or forcing greece to leave the eu . 
  the gamble of the referendum was trying to remove the extend and pretend from the table in the hope of getting the former . 
  so we are here . 
  sir humphrey would have worked also . 
  i mean the objective of uk 's foreign policy is a divided europe . 
   they were to be expected . 
  time for all sides to work together and move forward . 
  what we should do is an ordered dismantling of the eurozone . 
  i think that it is clear that we do n't want to do what it takes to make it work . 
  we should try the other option . 
  the current eu majority backed samaras for re-election , despise all the corruption , the 25 % fall of the gdp , that he did n't try to fix the tax collection , he did n't created the cadastre that promised , only did cuts and tax raises . 
  you are talking like we were at 2007 . 
  the requirements for retirement , the amount of the pensions , the public servants salaries , the real salaries are tougher than almost any eu country . 
  and remember that the politicians that falsified the accounts and gave those early retirements and all those corrupt contracts backed the yes . 
  the error is thinking that he cared about greece . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/05/eurozone-greece-opposition-idusa8n0zc02620150705 ) . 
  do n't use a self post for this . 
  they should probably wait to the 20th for the scheduled payment to the ecb . 
  draghi already said that he does n't want to be the one to make that decision even after a no . 
  so without external input he probably wo n't do anything until greece defaults on the ecb . 
  yes the the [ yoke and the arrows ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yoke_and_arrows ) . 
  yes , [ it is expected ] ( http://www.ine.es/en/prensa/np870_en.pdf ) . 
  however , the government thinks that spain will get net immigration again in the future and the life expectancy will grow to 92 years so the population will only fall 6 millions during the next 50 years . 
  this a official report from the spanish independent statistics agency ( it publishes in spanish and english ) that confirms that the spanish population fell the at 2012 and 2013 and gives provisional data saying that the population fell also at 2014 . 
  spain also had 30,000 more births than deaths so maybe it was that ( we are expected to keep that stat positive until 2018 ) . 
  edit : if you can find the article i would be interested . 
  during franco dictatorship many commie-block style apartment buildings were built at spain also . 
  my 2 living grandparents ( 85 years ) live in an apartment in one . 
  i am renting a kinda commie-block apartment also ( they own ) . 
  they are n't something exclusive of eastern europe . 
  i have the feeling that people tend to romanticize the living style and standards abroad . 
  edit : bonus , the apartment building of my grandparents has still [ the shield of the dictatorship housing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uaol8ia.jpg ) at the entrance . 
  southern spain is very safe ( probably one of the safest places in europe ) excluding some gypsy pick-pocketers . 
  the cost of living seems lower southern italy . 
  there is a big network of british people and british services . 
  i do n't know how to mention your organized crime problem politely . 
  you are mixing ppp and nominal salaries . 
  the purchasing power of 1 euro en greece is lower than in slovakia . 
  and greece had a gdp per capita a 25 % higher 6 years ago and these figures made sense with that . 
  the public salaries and pensions have fallen . 
  and the number of people in government payroll has fallen from 900,00 to 600,000 . 
  if i understand correctly what you are saying . 
  nominal salaries in greece should fall a 50 % ( due to the existence of contracts that ca n't be changed unilaterally is complicated ) , but the cost of living is going to keep falling at a pace of 2 % a year maximum excluding tax rates rises . 
  how is that supposed to work ? 
  what happens with the debts that do n't decrease with salaries ? 
  the only realistic way of doing what you are asking is a currency devaluation . 
  new democracy was applying the deflationary program of troika during 5 years ( and reduced the minimum wage a 20 % and the pensions a 40 % , but send a lot of people that lost their jobs to early retirement ) , liberalized labour market and restricted collective agreements ; still the average salaries were falling only around 5 % annually and cost of living between 2 % or 3 % . 
  edit : the cost for the other eu countries at this point was the rolling over of the debt . 
  so do n't insist on that . 
  well the wages are falling and the nominal prices , but both things are sticky downwards . 
  at the current pace greece would need 20 to 30 years for converge in salary and cost of living with estonia . 
  the eu is rolling over the greek debt , not financing private sectors salaries . 
  do n't be absurd . 
  do i need to tell the full history over and over ? 
  i am not saying that . 
  :( the wages are sticky and greece ca n't devalue . 
  so when the gdp falls the salaries stay the same and the people loses their jobs . 
  the number of employed people has fallen a 25 % in the last 6 years . 
  the nominal salaries are stayed similar ( slightly lower ) even if with heavier taxes now . 
  it is more complicated due to falling demand , the cost of services private debt , slow deflationary spiral ... and i am not going to explain how a strong internal devaluation works . 
  but the cost of no being able to devaluate at this point are being assumed by the greek society . 
  stop blaming the victim . 
   guess who is financing this difference between the ce countries and greece ? 
  the 27 % of unemployment . 
  the percentage of working population at greece is way smaller . 
  probably poland has higher real living standards at this point . 
  how many neighbours has portugal ? 
   and [ all the regions of spain that border portugal have a gdp per capita below the spanish average . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ranked_lists_of_spanish_autonomous_communities#grp_.28ppp.29_per_capita_per_international_dollars ), 
  and now let 's compare with the real figures at 1st of january : 2006 44,009,969 2007 44,784,659 2008 45,668,938 2009 46,239,271 2010 46,486,621 2011 46,667,175 2012 46,818,216 2013 46,727,890 2014 46,512,199 2015 46,439,864 a mixture of reforms/austerity ( making more attractive emigration for jobless people than staying ) and tougher immigration policy have changed the trend . 
  spain got around 15,000 and italy around 150,000 . 
   of course . 
  * of course ... * do you think that is something universal ? 
  and also the part where the job-centre helps you to find a job is fascinating . 
  only [ 2 % of the contracts are done through the public job-centre ( inem ) at spain ] ( http://www.elmundo.es/economia/2015/05/08/554bb7c7268e3ef1708b457a.html ) , and the 2 % is mostly because some subsidized contracts for long term jobless require that the job offer is posted at the public unemployment service and the contract signed through it . 
  do you mean yes ? 
  what did he do for getting the right to 100 sek/day ? 
  being conservative is not bad . 
  simply assume it .
