  the german people ( and the swede ) seem to have a deep conformism ( maybe not the exact word for the attitude to public matters ) . 
  i have the feeling that is common in most germanic europe . 
  btw , i have heard histories from hungary and romania that are worse than the worst that i have seen or heard about those matters in spain . 
  i do n't know how much can be extrapolated to other ex-communist countries . 
  and let 's not talk about arab countries . 
  edit : thinking that spain is specially bad having the southern neighbor that we have , that has a southern neighbor even worse is a very spanish thing to do . 
  i care about the flaws of the country where i live . 
  it is what spaniards do !, 
  the people born here does n't seem to care so much . 
   that means spain must be very nice ... 
  honestly , it is a better place to live that most of the world . 
  but it can be better and it should be better . 
   source : grew up in spain . 
  moved to germany . 
  spanish parents , germans parents living some years at spain ? 
  it feels better , but that 's subjective . 
  [ spain and sweden have the same life expectancy ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tps00025&amp;plugin=1 ) . 
  [ the expenditure in sweden is more than twice as much ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sh.xpd.pcap ) . 
  i have n't gotten a good impression of the system , they get results because they are putting a lot of money ( you can notice ) , but they are using it quite inefficiently . 
  i am not a doctor , i have only gone to the doctor for minor procedures and revisions , so take my opinion with a pinch of salt . 
  edit : old people seem to be in worse physical state at sweden , but that 's probably due to the lack of sunlight that is bad for the bones . 
  i am not sure what the health care can do about it . 
  i love spain , for the opinion that we have about ourselves . 
  `` our south has more unemployment than yours ! '', 
  the spanish public health care is better than the swedish with less budget ( even excluding the difference due to the higher salaries of the employees ) , and some of the things that i have heard about what are doing with some privatizations on management of public transport and health care smell ten times more corrupt than the spanish ones . 
  but everybody seems to have very high opinion of their country and their political class . 
  and the usual revolving doors and stuff like that . 
  also their mandatory education has been becoming bad in the last ten years and they seem to be unable to change the voucher system that they introduced due to created interest of for profit schools that offer shitty education and others . 
  they got worse results than spain in the pisa tests , but then they have over 90 % of graduates in high school and our students with better results in independent ranks 75 % . 
  the housing market , specially at stockholm , is completely fucked up and they seem completely unable to fix it and they have put their financial sector in a stupid position also . 
  if spain built too much too quickly , sweden seems unable to build even the normal amount of housing for its needs . 
  nimby and lobbies are rampant , let 's call it democratic process . 
  and in germany wolfgang sch\u00e4uble was involved in a illegal financing scandal comparable with the one that the spanish pp has going on and he is the minister of finances . 
  however , this is sort of one of the things that i like more about spain . 
  many germans and swedes have too good opinions of their countries in my opinion . 
  thinking that you need to improve is like the first requirement for improving . 
  edit : i moved to sweden . 
  the source is at the image . 
  the source of the image is [ here at fivethirtyeight ] ( http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/our-33-weirdest-charts-from-2014/ ) . 
  edit : i love my country for things like this . 
   i was not aware that the eu shared private health care costs . 
  i assume that you mean public , and it does n't . 
   an they not move some other budget over to municipal spraying schemes or does europe have to do that for them ? 
  actually any measure that has budgetary effects will have to be approved by the troika under the third bailout agreement terms . 
  and which other budget ? 
  the health care of those two countries is fucked and some people dies despise it being avoidable with better resources . 
  the problem is that greeks are n't used to the idea of that happening to them . 
  and i do n't blame them for that . 
  greece is having problems with malaria , they are spreading through greece : http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2013/05/malaria-and-hiv-spike-as-greece-cuts-healthcare-spending/275836/ http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/greece/9626423/malaria-returns-to-crisis-torn-greece.html i do n't think that is blackmail saying that money is needed for dealing with this . 
  and many refugees are n't vaccinated so that is not helping . 
  we * only * invested [ $ 39.5 billions in high speed train construction ] ( http://www.elconfidencial.com/espana/2012-04-21/el-ave-cumple-20-anos-tras-una-inversion-que-roza-los-40-000-millones_230843/ ) and the network covers operating costs plus the trains . 
  that 's less than 4 % of the gdp over 20 years . 
  we are spending almost 3 times more in pensions this year . 
  i am the first to complain about absurd investments in infrastructure , we have been the country that when got cheap money instead of going to give welfare to everybody went to give airports and trains to everybody . 
  there were some questionable decisions over the process , but the rail network was completely outdated with some routes that need to be done from scratch , and with segments that were n't usable over 100 km/h . 
  and if we were going to redo , why do n't go to highest end ? 
  maybe there were some errors in that thinking , but this was n't so bad . 
  most of the projects even went within normal margins of budget . 
  the biggest error in delays and budget has been [ the tunnel to asturies ] ( http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2013/06/07/actualidad/1370625907_891032.html ) if you want to read , it was needed even for conventional train but everything was done wrong . 
  edit : 39.5 billions until 2012 . 
  i think that we have invested another 6 billions since then ( but i can only find info about budgeted not about actually executed ( . 
  but that is still 4.5 % of the gdp of the 2013 during 27 years ( since 1988 ) . 
  i did n't say that it would be very logic . 
  i think that demolishing the instalations and planting olive trees would be a more logical plan than the one that i am reading and it would be more likely to make profits . 
  there is a great cargo airport at zaragoza that is in the point where the path between barcelona and madrid and basque country and valencia interesect ( our main economic hubs ) . 
  it has been working well during years even if it is not optimal for southern spain or galicia . 
  i recommend to read [ this economist 's obituary ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/14581071 ) about the founder of the pasok and greek pm . 
   he perpetuated the tradition that politics is essentially a game of patronage , to be controlled by a strongman and a cabal of corrupt insiders , often underpinned by a dynasty . 
  mr papandreou 's father had twice been prime minister ( once running a party modestly called the george papandreou party ) . 
  the name continues in greek politics : mr papandreou put his own ( rather decent ) son in his cabinet . 
  rousfeti -- a word of turkish origin denoting the reciprocal dispensation of favours -- has remained the norm . 
  for mr papandreou , greek voters were clients . 
  pasok was corrupt since its first government at 1981 . 
  i do n't follow greek politics so much , but i did some research about andreas papandreou . 
  new democracy after him ruled the same way . 
  i do n't know before . 
  first lose 25 % of your economy and have unemployment above 25 % . 
  greece has deflation , not inflation . 
  i do n't think that i was doing that argument . 
  and you have the answers to the other to replies that i got if you have anything to say . 
  all things that you say are right . 
  and still i have the feeling that you are missing part of the picture . 
  we are talking about doing reforms that during the next few years will reduce salaries , price levels and destroy jobs in a country : * above 20 % unemployment , most long term (  1 year out of work ) . 
  * accelerating deflation . 
  * very high debt to gdp rate that will become more difficult to service with the fall of gdp of the following years . 
  my point was that i am tired of seeing people trying to sell reforms like that with obvious errors . 
  greece will have less jobs in 2018 that it has now if it follows the program as is stated . 
  independently that many of the measures are good in a longer term . 
  doing things more efficiently destroy jobs . 
  the assumption is that jobs will be created in new sectors , and if things go well they will be * better jobs * ( i say this as software developer ) . 
  having people working needlessly is not good , but let 's not pretend that greece will start to create jobs quickly if it follows the required policies ; with the efficiency gains , the weak external sector , the strong deflation and the other depressing demand factors the unemployment will stay above 20 % many years except surprises . 
   yes and no . 
  de-regulation certainly helps to reduce the youth unemployment . 
  in spanish experience de-regulating the spanish retail sector has destroyed employment because the bigger companies taking over have scale economies that allow to distribute and sell more with less people . 
  that is not bad . 
  there is nothing superior in low productivity hard work in retail . 
  but let 's not talk like automation in farming increased employment in farming even if it was good for the society . 
   this can only come with more investments and weaker labor unions . 
  the country with the strongest unions is sweden , just saying . 
  this .
