  some additional information about the decree in english . 
  it includes a video . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2013/04/11/spain-new-law-protects-andalusia-s-vulnerable-from-eviction/ ), 
   anyway , you are taking this way too personal . 
  i am not trying to talk bad any religion . 
  i am atheist , i do n't think that i am taking it as something personal . 
  i think that you missed my point , i was telling you that i do n't believe in the religious factor . 
  yes , i am taking this as something personal . 
  we are talking about the future of my country and my people . 
  when we talk about austerity we talk about who has right to health care and education . 
  we talk about the future of my people . 
  and , i care about that . 
   hence there is high corruption and little cooperation between people . 
  are you telling that there is little cooperation between people ? 
  if that was true , the things will be way worse . 
  we have an unemployment of 27 % and 40 % of them do n't retrieve benefits . 
  who is taking care of them ? 
  it 's not the government . 
   whatever , if you do n't care about spain 's future and just think about yourself , then do that i think that you do n't understand what 's the austerity to us . 
  the austerity seems to be a trick to give the money that was used in public service to rich people . 
  and a lot of people wants to change that . 
  everybody sees how we have more and more unemployment and more and more poverty . 
  and hell , that scares us . 
  and we want to do something to change that . 
  what else to do you expect ? 
  should we see how our countries are ruined without doing something ? 
  and the people does n't do the smartest choice always . 
  if the conventional politics do n't work maybe we should listen to the asshole who says that we can fix everything with simple and demagogic actions . 
  do you think that greece , portugal and spain should stick to the current plan ? 
  because nobody thinks that here and it 's going to be hard to keep the * austerity * without any popular support . 
  i was going to ignore the protestant ethic bullshit , but i am going to tell this again : greece is orthodox , austria is catholic , bavaria is catholic . 
  and seriously spain is a very secular country nowadays ( 3rd country in approve homosexual marriage and the world big country with less homophobia ) . 
  but i know that we ca n't say the same about greece or italy and portugal is in a middle term . 
  there are non-catholic countries in crisis and there are catholic countries that are doing ok . btw , if you like this type of analysis you should say germanic countries they have a better average that protestant countries . 
   austerity is a way to force people to -- next time -- consider if they want this austerity shit again , or if they maybe prefer to simply look after each other and their governments better . 
  electing a populist government that leaves the eu if we have to stick to the austerity seems more probable . 
  classic english . 
  what are the reforms that you expect ? 
   it is supposed to create conflict and anger , because that is the only way to make people care enough to check up on their governments , unfortunately . 
  we changed our government in 2011 to other more corrupt and with less interest in structural reforms . 
  and the * austerity * is not reducing the debt rate , maybe the opposite due to 2 reasons : * the gdp is shrinking , even the same the debt would be a bigger problem now . 
  * the bank bailout is getting bigger and bigger . 
  * higher taxes , lower public investment . 
  that reduces consume and increases unemployment rate that means more people qualifies for unemployment benefits and the people has less disposable income . 
  and tomorrow we will talk about the loans that they gave to spanish regional saving banks ruled by corrupt politicians that robbed them . 
  do n't worry , the banks retrieved a bailout . 
  the immigrants are fleeding in spain . 
  and spain is in a better shape than greece . 
  can you tell me how many illegal immigrants has retrieved greece these years ? 
  and the spanish presidents discover that their parties are financed illegally by construction companies reading the newspaper . 
  yes , howerver , i want to remember that the authoritarianism , excessive secrecy , the disregard of the human rights , and the growing income inequality are valid concerns . 
  the conclusion `` we need to overtun the capitalism '' is ... 
  these problems have happened in non-capitalist systems . 
  however , the concerns should be addressed . 
  unless you want to see some populist asshole take over a country . 
  we had one with a conservative capitalist dictatorship . 
   the reason for `` austerity '' is not to hope for a growing economy . 
  the reason is to force certain governments to implement reforms that are needed for long-term stability and growth . 
  as long as gov ' t have the option to chose between `` implementing necessary reforms '' or `` borrow more money and spend it '' they will always opt for the later . 
  are you sure ? 
  i though that the only purpose was balance the budget , not fixing the long term problems of our countries . 
  somebody was saying in other threads that the structural problems are our problems . 
  the agreements for the bailouts do n't include reforms to fix the economy , only austerity . 
   as soon as the necessary reforms are in place , money can be spent again . 
  its really very simple . 
  what money ? 
   and since certain gov ' t in the south seem to not care that they are destroying their own country and continue to try to get around reforms , the `` austerity '' is taking much longer than anybody would have expected . 
  the governments are destroying the countries and nobody abroad seems to have a problem with that . 
  you are giving a * bailout * to a governments that are corrupt and are damaging their countries . 
  is it a good idea ? 
   second - i have no idea of how the spanish public sector was/is , so i am not going to discuss that . 
  better than others , with some problems . 
  the professional public administration is surprisingly non-corrupt . 
  specially if you compare with the big companies and the elected politicians . 
  the public servants are hard to fire and that 's almost ok because the politicians only seem to be interested in firing them if they do something to disturb their cronies . 
  the number of public servants has been reduced a 10 % in the last 3 years . 
  mostly with retirements and not renewing temporary worker  also , spain is not even remotely as corrupt as greece is , so i think you have a better starting point . 
  i find this opinion surprising . 
  * our ruling party is under prosecution for illegal financing the last 20 years . 
  the former treasurer of the party has published and has sent to the judge documentation that proves that the president retrieved bribes when he was minister . 
  * the king has retrived luxury cars from arabic royals families and donated them to the society that maintains the public patrimony because he did n't wanted to pay the taxes and insurances , but he got the right to use the cars . 
  * 2000 politicians or entrepreneurs in total are under prosecution for corruption in spain . ^ 1 * the son in law of the king , a former handball player and some regional politicians created a corruption network to rob public money with sponsorship and sport events . 
  * the ghost airports . 
  i am always surprised that nobody talks about spain like a lot of people talks about italy , greece and romania . 
  we have a proverb in spain it says :  if somebody says always good things about france he is french , but if somebody only says bad things about spain he is spaniard . 
  besides the french thing it means that nobody else thinks as bad about spain as the spaniards . 
  -- 1 - this is something good . 
  there are countries where even more politicians deserve prosecution , but they have less prosecutions . 
   and - complacency is not the reason now . 
  greeks still have a huge black/illegal sector , still suck at paying taxes and are still corrupt and inefficent , as a whole . 
  if you want to fix it , why are these things so big then ? 
   and - complacency is not the reason now . 
  greeks still have a huge black/illegal sector , still suck at paying taxes and are still corrupt and inefficent , as a whole . 
  if you want to fix it , why are these things so big then ? 
   e level of corruptions , inefficiency and mismanagment that greece has without involving large number of the population . 
  however , i want to say something . 
  all the things that you said are real problems and they are n't been addressed by nobody . 
  you seem to think that troika is trying to solve the structural problems of these countries , but that 's not happening . 
  for example . 
  spain agreed with the troika in reducing the number of employees of the tax service as austerity from 28,000 to 25,000 , it was small for a 46,000,000 inhabitants country .
