  the sadness of thousands of people returning to their home countries with empty hands , or full of debts . 
  the despair of those who have just trained for their vocation , the apathy of those who renounce their vocation without even trying to comply . 
  as the rage of jose felix . 
  with 54 years , unemployed for more than two , you see how the system is gradually leaving out . '', 
  no charge , no quote , do not consume , disappear off the map '' , explains felix proudly resume.jos\u00e9 their working lives . 
  for 26 years he became `` man for all '' in a study of urbanism . 
  but looming despair in his voice when recognizes that in two years has not gotten a single interview . 
  `` do not even call for age '' protest at what it calls a `` clear discrimination '' against which proposed assessments for over 55 years in large companies . 
  the cuffs of this quiet man close to discuss recent government reforms . '', 
  for me personally the most affecting is the last , the decree of march 15 , '' he says with the conviction of one who knows of what he speaks . 
  he explains that just caught him amid expanding from 52 to 55 ^ ** 2 ** years age for receiving a pension . 
  and when you reach that age , now computed household income will not receive any help . 
  `` maybe i have to part to collect something , '' he jokes resigned . 
  the situation of the thousands of cases similar to jose felix is comparable to have each foot in two boats that are separated : the difficulty of finding work in the last years of work on the one hand , and the extension of the retirement age other . 
  but the moment that seems to prevail in the law of the jungle and all against all , jose felix and many others like him , have decided to form the association for employment of the elderly ( ampem ) . 
  besides participating in protests , organizing signatures collected against rights laws that cut , ampem has become a group where you share information about potential jobs , courses are exchanged and discussed how they will affect each new cut on labor . 
  in short , lend a hand in what they can . 
  for now the signatures collected by ampem have failed to change any of the laws to which they face . 
  maybe many of its members fail to find a job . 
  or maybe yes . 
  but what is certain is that when jose felix speaks of the association , of the need to unite against the cuts , to struggle together , a few yards away from the specter of being a man surrendered . 
  actually there is a social security discount for young self-employed . 
  $ 50 the first 6 months and $ 180 until you are over 30 years old instead of the usual $ 255 . 
  the 50 euros part is new from this year . 
  however , that 's all . 
  france actually has passed more measures than spain to support business creation since hollande is president than spain since 2008 . 
  and that 's not saying a lot . 
  jose is talking about [ this benefit ] ( http://www.laboral-social.com/el-subsidio-de-desempleo-para-mayores-de-52-anos.html ) , not an actual retirement pension . 
  in spain is mostly simple , but expensive . 
  let 's see day laborers . 
  the minimum wage cost to the employer 7 euros and employee gets 4.7 euros . 
  but , who cares ? 
  [ you can get day laborers for 2.5 euros . 
   half of new hiv infections in 2013 are estimated to have been self-inflicted to secure monthly benefits of $ 700 . 
  why are they getting benefits only for having hiv ? 
  is it common in other european countries ? 
  we also had more architects that those three countries combined . 
  globally , 20 % of workforce employed in the housing industry . 
  sustainable economy , yeah !, 
  [ 71 % of the spanish architects live in a situation of scarcity ] ( http://sindicatoarquitectos.wordpress.com/2013/10/07/iii-estudio-laboral-sobre-el-sector-de-la-arquitectura/ ) scarcity is a nice euphemism for poverty . 
  the only important collective that i have seen living years in spain and do n't learning spanish are the british pensioners . 
  they even participate in local politics and are represented in some local corporations using the rights the eu gives to them without knowing spanish . 
  this seems a non-issue to generate fearmonguering . 
  the people that wants to develop a full life in a country learns the local language . 
  edit : there is another debate in the areas where the population is fluent in two languages ( catalonian and spanish ) and the immigrants only learn one or if they are from southern america keep using the same language . 
  that 's an interesting can of worms . 
  they already have to apply most eu decisions . 
  the main difference is that they would have to contribute more to the eu funds ( they are giving already 200 millions for development funds nowadays ) . 
  no fiscal union without huge permanent transfers . 
  some people said the same about the currency union . 
  it can happen anyway with interesting consequences . 
   also , the eu do not have the power to tax . 
  period . 
  to change that we would have to change the treaty and get 28 yes . 
  will not happen . 
  instead , adapt to the reality that is in front of us . 
  the reality is the same as always we have a conflict that we need to solve ; if we can solve the conflict with the current treaties that 's fine , otherwise we modify the treaties or shit happens . 
  how do you solve the conflict within eu treaty boundaries ? 
   and do you really think they are going to stop there ? 
  at this point we are talking about the problem of small countries that make a living of offering low taxes to corporations that avoid paying taxes in other countries where they are actually doing business . 
  it 's legal with the current framework . 
  it 's an unstable situation . 
  spain lost like 8 billions the last year due to that . 
  and i think that france was even more . 
  should bigger countries share a common market with small countries that use it to be fiscal heavens ? 
   what about taxation in income then ? 
  spain have lower than finland - yet finland bail them out . 
  after the last reform spain has higher brackets than finland for similar wages . 
  [ spain ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/income_tax_in_spain ) [ and catalonia goes up to 56 % ] ( http://www.thecorner.eu/spain-economy/catalonia-asturias-regions-worlds-heaviest-personal-taxes/ ) , the second highest marginal tax rate in the eu after sweden . 
  however , the median wage is lower and therefore the average rate is lower . 
  seriously the next obvious complain is the consume taxes not the income taxes . 
  people goes to gibraltar to smuggle tax free tobacco for a reason . 
  and the people in nordic countries goes to estonia to buy alcohol for a reason . 
  and if somebody is concerned about this should be allowed to raise the question without drama , please . 
  he has been living in estonia many years . 
  [ he had a son recently ] ( http://news.err.ee/features/4d45d87d-5e06-4b2f-984d-3000a20569e2 ) . 
  he has been living many years in estonia , seems integrated and has the right to particpate acording to the eu . 
   ** why did you make the decision to run , in the end ? 
  **  because of the birth of my son . 
  that is a life-changing experience . 
  it is a game-changer . 
  now i can say , and no one can deny it , that i have a connection to estonia that is permanent - it will never go away . 
  i may not be estonian , but my son is , and because he 's too young to speak for himself , i have to speak for him . 
   and i want him to have a good future . 
  it 's obvious to me and to every british person who comes to estonia that estonia is a very good place to raise children . 
  i want it to stay that way and it even to improve . 
  i want there to be good schools here , good transport links [ ... ] i want it to be a safe place where children can run around and play , which is impossible in some parts of the uk . 
  i want the schools to be good everywhere , which is not the case at the moment . 
  i want there to be enough kindergarten places . 
   if someone considers this racist they can go blow themselves . 
  it 's almost the definition of racism . 
  thinking that somebody is more able to perform a task due to their racial features . 
   estonia has absolutely no duty to promote the status of africans or other foreigners . 
  even though some people would see this as progress towards `` equality '' . 
  every eu citizen has the right to participate in local politics in the country where he is living . 
  british expats do it often . 
  however , [ there is an strong polemic with eucalyptus ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/eucalyptus#reforestaci.c3.b3n_mediante_eucaliptos_en_espa.c3.b1a ), 
  i am getting old and cynical . 
  i find hard to believe that people buys estate in another country spending their salary of years without reading the contracts that stated that they were buying rural state that was n't legal to use for housing . 
  maybe you do n't know spanish but you do n't do an operation like that without getting a translation done by somebody who you trust .
