  [ link ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2013/08/23/inenglish/1377283596_224034.html ) * a mayor ( member of the ruling party ) said that the franco victims ` deserved it ' . 
  he will keep his position . 
  i love the picture in the article . 
  [ link ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2013/08/22/inenglish/1377194475_590024.html ) * rajoy summon the press to take pictures of him and some party members in his vactions . 
  literally , they did n't tell a word to the reporters . 
  [ completelly mute ] ( http://www.eldiario.es/politica/gobierno-pastor-feijoo-umia-vacaciones_0_167633599.html ) this son of a bitch is amazing . 
  spain is also reciclying old stuff * gibraltar bullshit . 
  * corruption in the conservative ruling party . 
  * corruption in the social-democratic union ugt . 
  * a judge is investigating the train accident since some time ago . 
  he wants to question the railway safety chief . 
  uk does n't have separation between church and state . 
   things might get better economically . 
  why ? 
  it 's not absurd . 
  you can decolonize integrating in the mainline country like france did with the french guiana . 
   also , you guys really fucked it up over there . 
  house prices should go down if only because you do n't have the money to pay that much . 
  the government is trying to do an internal devaluation lowering the salaries , but they want to keep the house prices as high as posible to protect the banks . 
  i bet a double irish and a dutch sandwich that the biggest earners are n't paying taxes nowadays . 
  we should probably try to fix it . 
  the 35 bigger spanish companies pay an effective corporate tax of 3.5 % . 
  and it 's legal . 
  or that said the spanish tax inspectors union at least . 
  we elected a suspect corrupt as president . 
  his party had a prosecution for illegal financing and undertable payments before winning the elections . 
  they got the second biggest majority in our history and can rule without the support of any other party . 
  this makes me think bad things about my people . 
  i woulld like the tobacco smuggling and tax free online gambling to stop . 
  if gibraltar was directly under british law those things would n't happen . 
  wait , the tobacco smuggling will be in the opposite direction your taxes are crazy . 
  at this level ? 
  and i do n't see the end of this . 
  the economy is going to shrink this yeat also . 
  when is the greek economy going to have the same size as in 2007 ? 
  they have lost education , life span , crime rate is going up ... 
  this has been like the fall of the communism in russia . 
  i think that this can be done better . 
   however with regards to the salaries i thought you would have heard about it in sweden  yep , i know swedes who have worked in norway . 
  it 's common , but your country is so expensive that it 's hard to believe it . 
  the retail comerce employees have salaries that allow them to live by themselves in acceptable conditions . 
  this surprises me . 
  i do n't think it 's going to last with the reforms that the swedish government is doing . 
  that does n't happen in many countries . 
  and this country has a actualy big welfare nobody can live in acceptable conditions being jobless a long time in spain . 
  however , it 's posible * here . 
   do n't you live in sweden ? 
  i thought you would know , hehe and i am still saying here when i mean spain . 
  whatever ... 
  the problem has n't been handled . 
  greece still has a debt problem . 
  it 's more unlikely that greece pays the public debt now than never . 
  without fixing the political framework and the economy the situation is n't going to get better . 
  and nothing has been done to solve it . 
  my pont is that what drives the salaries up is the demand of work , and the supply of workers who can satisfy demand and want to do it , as you probably know . 
  maybe it was a bad example . 
  i do n't know about norway , but here the police pays better than many jobs that require college degrees specially in the basque country ( due to the * conflict * ) . 
  it 's not a completelly unskilled job , but does n't require a college degree and they get a better salary than school teachers . 
  housing in spain was more expensive than in germany 5 years ago . 
  however , it 's cheaper again . 
  but the difference is like a 20 % and the difference in salaries for skilled workers is n't a 20 % . 
  i work in sweden my real salary is the 220 % of my previous real salary . 
  i am from the same country . 
  and the difference in prices is like a 30 % . 
  not always . 
  an unskilled construction worker earned more than a software engineer in spain seven years ago . 
  however , that was in the peak of the biggest construction bubble of our history . 
  there is n't a direct correlation between skills and salary . 
  the correlation is with market demands . 
  spain built 800,000 houses in 2006 and the markets wanted more . 
  the construction workers are n't getting high salaries anymore . 
  however , salaries are going down for skilled workers in spain in this depression also . 
  if i moved back to spain from sweden i would be able to get like 50 % of my current salary . 
  and i am taking care of the difference in purchasing power . 
  the competitiveness of greece after 5 years of austerity , increasing proverty and economic depression is lower than never . 
  we should keep doing the same . 
   millionaires asked for and instituted unsustainable social programs ? 
  what social programs ? 
  spain is n't a very democratic country . 
  / u/sugusino has said the official possition of the spanish government . 
  there had been talks about suspending the self-government in catalonia and sending their government to jail if they perform the referendum . 
  what did you think ? 
  when i was working as intern in spain i was earning more than the average romanian worker . 
   as much as i do n't mind drinknig alhambra beer in the summer months it 's nowhere near the quality of british beer . 
  you can get better beer than that in spain . 
  what type of person is not angry about that ? 
  it 's in the web . 
  cost of living 30 % higher as average , salaries after taxes 60 % higher . 
  because the government wants to keep the prices high to protect the banks . 
  i would like to have a president who speaks english . 
  the politicians who studied in the dictatorship learnt french and [ no very well . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v07rksrncxe ) jose maria aznar has learn some english after leaving the government . 
  [ but it feels awkward ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7no1wobcrs ), 
  we got the most shameful government of our democratic history in our hour of biggest need . 
  i chose emigration , but thanks for the clich\u00e9 . 
  can we stop this nonsense before greece goes to the third world ? 
   and are actually paying real money to keep economies afloat that else would drown . 
  is this afloat ? 
  are you serious ? 
  i am other spaniard , and i think that the eu should stop giving oxigen to my corrupt government .
