  the same as for permanent employees . 
   what are the taxes for employers and workers ? 
  the same as for permanent employees . 
  social security , income tax and public unemployment insurance . 
   do you have a national minimum wage ? 
  yes , $ 752.85 / month  what is the history of the labor laws ? 
  we reform them often . 
  two reforms in the last three years . 
  they went in the direction of making cheaper to fire permanent employees . 
  and make easier to change without the salary and conditions of the workers . 
   what is the societal opinion of the current laws ? 
  firing is too cheap and easy speacially for the companies that are having profits like telefonica . 
   are there any upcoming law changes ? 
  probably the government will make easier to increase the working hours , pay lower salaries , increase the allowed unpaid overtime . 
  and maybe make cheaper to fire . 
   what are some common job roles filled by temp and part-time workers ? 
  almost every job . 
  companies usually hire everybody as temporary worker and make permanent only when it 's impossible to keep the employee in this type of contract . 
  administrative assisant , software developer ( myself before moving to sweden ) , waitress , chef , cleaner ...  are there common illegal work schemes ? 
  yes . 
  with a lot of different levels . 
  having different companies an moving the employees from a company to other doing the work for keeping them in temp-contracts . 
  hiring somebody with an inferior category to pay under the agreed salary in the collective agreement . 
  hiring somebody part time a working full time . 
  retrieving part of the salary under table . 
  replace employees by interns ( from software engineering in my previous company ) for critical positions and for the administrative assistant . 
  there is universe of fraud in the primary sector . 
  illegal immigrants earning under minimum wage . 
  relatives hired to say that you hired somebody to pick up the fruit that never went to the fields . 
  people that pay to the employer to be registered as day laborer to get some missing days as farm day laborer . 
  if you work more than 35 days there is a subsidy in the half more depressed of spain . 
  it 's available in andalucia , but not in catalonia or basque country . 
   oh , is that a given ? 
  does it state that in a law ? 
  by the way , since when are politicians doing the hiring ? 
  they are n't doing it the last 40 years , for most of the positions . 
  they where doing it before the democracy . 
  but , it was really bad before we protected the public servants . 
  a change in the government could mean that thousands of employees would change specially in the police and the tax service . 
  there is a book about that situation is one of the classics of the spanish literature . 
  btw , the classic books of culture say a lot about the society that created them . 
   this corruption is exactly why everyone up here in the north thinks that the mediterranean crisis has to be solved by structural reforms combined with austerity . 
  wasteful government is not going to solve any problems for anybody . 
  but , spain is not doing reforms and this is the most corrupt government in our recent history and the eu gave money to my government to bailout the banks . 
  money that they are * stealing , * you need to see how much the bad bank is paying for unfinished builidings or how much are earning the politicians in its board . 
  spain is doing austerity . 
  we are cutting mostly education , health care and r&d . the universities [ are firing employees ] ( http://ccoo-universidad.blogspot.se/2013/08/la-universidad-publica-pierde-13200.html ) . 
  however , the corruption is stronger than never . 
  edit : the priority should be reform the political and judicial system not the economy . 
  the political system created the economic crisis . 
  i find hard to believe that the system and the same politicians that created the present crisis will solve the situation . 
  the current president was and ruling party where under prosecution for illegal financing before winning the ellections . 
   oh , i meant as in `` organised labour '' -- unions and stuff . 
  that 's one of the advantages of the temporary workers according to the business owners union ( the irony ) . 
   there we have it . 
  but , we have the tools for firing people that it 's not doing their work . 
  and if we allow the politicians to hire and fire at will with a 27 % unemployment they will sell the jobs or give them to their cronies . 
   not that you care , you sorry excuse for a human being . 
  you disgust me . 
  what should i say after that ? 
   temporary jobs are not a solution . 
  for one thing , they are rarely properly organised . 
  for another , they 're almost always minimum wage jobs . 
  how much do you know about the spanish labour market ? 
  * they are a reality , not a possible solution . 
  25 % of the spanish workers are temporary workers is a very common situation . 
  you can be a temporary worker three years in a company . 
  * spanish companies are n't properly organized usually . 
  * i was earning twice the minimum wage . 
  it was a job as software developer , it 's very common for skilled jobs . 
  it was n't in the capital or barcelona . 
  the salaries ( for skilled jobs ) and the living cost are higher . 
  * you can fire whoever you want . 
  the costs are another point . 
  you need to give a prior notice 15 days before the layoff . 
  1 or 2 months for skilled jobs . 
  * the cost of firing are not clear at this moment the government passed a labour market reform that make cheaper fire employees . 
  the reform is in the constitutional court . 
  from 45 days to 33 days per year whithout a reason and 20 with a reason ( 8 of them paid by the government in certain cases ) with a limit of one year salary . 
  some of the valid cases are that employee has a disease that makes him have more than 9 sick days per year . 
  * about the burocracy . 
  this does n't apply to most of the public servants ( funcionarios ) . 
  if you want to fire them you need to go to a special court . 
  and government does n't care about efficiency . 
   i am sorry , the environmental issues of the worlds ocean 's is far , far bigger and more important than spain 's economy . 
  i do n't expect the overfishing to solve the anything , but you should n't expect that the we care about your fancy environmental issues . 
  what should we do with them ? 
  it 's not like there is jobs or welfare waiting for them . 
  edit : cadiz has 39.70 % % of unemployment . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/apr/25/spain-unemployment-soars-record-high ) [ unemployment map ] ( http://www.cadenaser.com/static/especiales/mapa-paro/ ), 
  [ link , in spanish ] ( http://www.elmundo.es/elmundo/2013/08/06/espana/1375793594.html ), 
  i have n't read that book . 
  i was telling what the austerity vocal are saying . 
  our society can afford to give superior education to poor people because austerity . 
  everybody should pay part of the costs of the education and we should give educate less the population because a lot of workers are overqualified and many skilled workers ( included myself ) are emigrating . 
  you can hire temporary workers . 
  i have n't had a permanent contract in spain . 
  why are you thinking that about me ? 
  that 's not going to happen until after the german elections at least . 
   they also got some money handed over .
