   people earning less pay less tax and people paying more pay more tax probably that 's the reason way the tax reform ( higher vat and more expensive utilities and some tax breaks to companies that hired people ) that the government did failed . 
  or at least did n't increase government income . 
  however , that 's true until a certain level , then it 's difficult getting them to pay taxes . 
   there 's nothing wrong with people moving to other places for the chance for a better life . 
  no need to feel bad about that . 
   it 's just another aspect of the market force , but applied to the labour capital . 
  yes , there is a need . 
  it 's going to generate a lot of problems in the future . 
  spain is going to have a very big number of retirees for the number of workers . 
  it is n't like when leave the rural areas to move to the cities . 
  we are moving ( i emigrated actually ) to countries where we do n't contribute to the spanish social security and tax system . 
  the demographic structure is changing in a direction that is going to big burden for the future of the country . 
  spain is having a big brain drain from public basic research to software development . 
  we are sending back people that came back to spain with a program with promises of job security that have been broken . 
  that 's going to have long term consequences . 
  nobody is going to trust this government again . 
  two generations of researcher are losed already . 
   i agree with you that austerity is stupid and causing damage . 
  what should have been done was proper reforms and classical keynasian economics . 
  spain was trying to do that until 2010 then the country run out of money . 
  edit : i do n't pretend to have the answer this is way too complicated . 
  and it 's probably too late for spain anyway . 
  the economy is going to be broken the next 10 years and maybe the country itself will fall to pieces . 
   free trade between countries is good , regardless of absolute of relative advantages , all countries benefit not exactly , it increases the size of the cake ( economy ) , but does n't secure that everybody gets a bigger piece . 
  and can create local depressions in regions that were specialized in sectors that are destroyed for the new competitors ( cadiz in spain , even before this crisis ) . 
  however , that part is probably goverment responsability . 
   why would you want to sabotage your own economy by having people buy more expensive spanish products , rather then ones made cheap in portugal or somewhere else , and therefore have less consumer products ? 
  that 's not the main problem of that approach is the effect in your relation with your comertial partners and your exports . 
   many employers can not hire people because they have to hire people with a min of productivity worth of 700 , and that 's really not the case in many sectors of any economy , especially in low productivity economies . 
  some objections : * spain is enforcing the minimum wage superficially only . 
  a lot of people is working under minimum wage already . 
  the part time contract will full time employment is very popular . 
  * a job that does n't generate enough income to pay minimum wage has a very low productivity actually . 
  * the main reason why the busineses have fired these years in spain was because they did n't an use for the employees . 
  the retail comerce sales are falling a 15 % this year ; the housing has built less than new 100,000 homes in a year from a maximum of 600,000 ; 20 % of the pubs have closed in the last 5 years ... * i think that we have enough [ poverty ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/images/archive/0/0d/20130830184405%21at-risk-of-poverty_rate_and_threshold%2c_2011.png ) and [ income inequality ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tessi190 ) . 
  why do we need more ? 
  i do n't know actually , i do n't have a solution . 
  maybe the spanish future consist in low productivity jobs and high poverty and i am in denial . 
  but , the situation is bad : the poverty is growing extremely quickly , the population is fleeding , birth rate is falling ; and everybody seems to agree that the solution is reduce to cut the safety nets , the welfare , reduce the taxes to rich people and tax more the poor ... and we have been moving in that direction 3 years and we still do n't see hope . 
  sorry for being sceptical . 
  tl ; dr : the things that the previous social-democratic government was trying to do plus isolate the spanish economy from the international markets because the spaniards buy too many imported goods . 
  and spain should eliminate long term employment . 
  read our history . 
  do you know that the dictatorship tried unsuccessfully the autarky ? 
  good luck trying to export energy behaving like that . 
  kill it with fire . 
  we have too many highways . 
  do you wan na trade ? 
  seriously ? 
  portugal has healthy diet . 
   will sink your armada not so invencible , would n't be better buying it ? 
  we decomissioned our aircraft carrier because we can afford it ? 
  if nobody [ buys it ] ( http://www.navyrecognition.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=1059 ) spain [ will scrap it . 
  the swiss participate in the american 's cup and they won . 
  the next one was celebrated in valencia ( spain ) . 
  300 euros in romania are like 600 euros in spain and our minimum wage is 753 . 
  if they want to get an acceptable living standard they have to be corrupt . 
  we have a lot of that , it 's a waste of money . 
  even worse for a country so sparsely populated outside oslo . 
  but , you are linking them now . 
   which means it is that is no rules . 
  the rules that we have are shit anyway . 
  without political will there is no rules . 
  actually the eurozone stability and growth treaty allows to a qualified majority to skip the sanctions . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  was n't cutting acces to eu funds to regional development funds to countries with too much debt the only possible fine ? 
  germany fitted the definiton and they were allowed to have more deficit than agreed with gerhard schr\u00f6der without depression , only stagnation . 
  germany was the the first country in break the agreement without consequences . 
   we have it too , we have followed it every year since we made it law in the end of the 90 's ... ... very swedish . 
  i am out of topic , i started to write a rant about the bullshit that spain has put there . 
  there articles that should contradict other articles and articles that the constitutional court decided that are general principles ( read as they do n't mean anything ) . 
  what i see like very german is expecting that the spanish government will do something only because it 's in the spanish constitution . 
  they will pretend and the court will say that is enought as usual . 
  i can write too much about this . 
   `` they should return to romania or bulgaria and for that the european union , with the bulgarian and romanian authorities must ensure these populations are firstly integrated in their countries . '', 
   the right-wing opposition wants to block lifting all worker restrictions on romanians and bulgarians in the eu - slated for january next year -- until the roma problem is resolved . 
  the problem is not going to be solved this generation . 
  should the 2 poorest eu members deal with this ? 
  they do n't have the resources or political framework and it 's going to hurt them more than to france . 
  besides that , did you know that [ manuel valls ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manuel_valls ) was born in barcelona ? 
   or have the euro countries just given up on the rules completely and decided to have a currency union without rules . 
  i find the latter rather fascinating . 
  * the law is strict , but at least you do not have to follow it . 
  * i think that we talked about this situations . 
  there is a treaty that say that the countries that are n't in an economic depression ( this already excludes some countries ) should seek a debt under 60 % of gdp and a deficit under 3 % of gdp . 
  nobody dares to enforce the treaty at this point . 
  the only country that has been forced to balance its budget is greece after this experience ( greece lost 26 % of their gdp ) . 
  nobody dares to repeat somethig as extreme . 
  spain and germany have added provisions to their constitution mandating a balanced budget , the spanish one also makes illegal the public debt defaults . 
  that was requested by germany . 
  after , all of this they still expect that writing something in a law or in a constitution makes it happen . 
  that 's adorable and very german . 
   did n't france promise that their debt would be falling from 2013 and onwards ? 
  and if not they would be fined ? 
  they promised that the deficit would be falling . 
  http://www.rte.ie/news/business/2013/0911/473648-france-revises-deficit-reduction-forecasts/  the deficit stood at 4.8 % of gdp in 2012 . 
   the government , which is faced with weaker-than-expected tax revenues this year , is now targeting a deficit of 4.1 % of national output in 2013 , up from an earlier target of 3.7 % . 
  next year 's target is 3.6 % , up from an initially projected 2.9 % . 
  the debt is not likely to go anywhere unless the economy grows . 
  as citizen of country where the government does n't care about the law .
