  do we need to check the [ definition of depression ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/depression_ ( economics % 29 ) ? 
  those countries did n't have a long therm downturn . 
  they were always down . 
   or , are you saying that greece could have stayed in the euro and been better off ? 
  i 'd really like for you to explain to me , in detail , how that would have happened . 
  did greece solve their long term issues ? 
  you know the answer . 
  the bailout was n't about saving the greek economy was about protecting foreing financal institutions . 
  and the conditions were measures that damaged the greek society and economy . 
  the troika did n't ask greece to solve the structural issues . 
  they asked to cut public services , sell public companies and raise the taxes . 
  but most of the issues are still here . 
   you have not considered that what the greeks ( and other euro countries , mainly in the south ) is a loss of competitiveness due to being in the euro ? 
  no , i think that the loss of competitiviness is due to other decissions made by our governments to favour the local fat cats and their short term interests . 
  i am spaniard , and this is n't the first time that spain has over 20 % of unemployment . 
  we had that before the euro . 
   and every single thing of this is due to the imf ? 
  really ? 
  no , stop playing the strawman . 
  i did n't say that . 
  i said that the bailout did the situation worse , but the previous issues are important . 
  and most of them are n't solved . 
   the greek economy is not capable of competing with the german/finnish and is it more capable now ? 
   a lot more , actually . 
  they are supposed to pay part of the loans . 
  however , they ca n't pay their current debts anyway . 
  maybe we will know the final amount some day . 
  it 's going to be at least 100 billions . 
  but , it 's going to be probably a lot more . 
   also , in that statement you argued against yourself . 
  before you said there has not been such a depression since the great depression , now you are saying since the 90 's . 
  sorry , have to point that out :-) . 
  i said capitalist depression , that was another thing . 
  they have lost 20 % of their gdp in 5 years . 
  it 's the worst capitalist depresion since the great depresion . 
  their life span is shorter , their crime rate is higher , his unemployment is higher , their demographic figures are more fucked , their education got also austerity . 
  there is n't a recovery in the horizont . 
  i do n't know if without the bailout greece would be in a better shape , but this as been as bad as the years after the fall of the soviet union in russia . 
  and this costed more than 100 billions to foreign tax payers . 
  it 's hard to believe that greece would be worse without the * bailout * . 
  [ eu vat rates ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_value_added_tax#vat_rates ) hungary is 27 % and sweden 25 %, 
  it is n't in the news but it 's meaningful . 
  a guy proposed a boicot to the spanish business that are part of the biggest business association ceoe . 
  [ link ] ( http://carnetdeparo.blogspot.com.es/ ) foreign companies are n't affected . 
  the reasons given are : * corruption affairs . 
  * the leaders rob their own companies and do n't pay the workers too often . 
  * their proposals : like removing the leave for death of first-degree relatives . 
  * the proposal of youth contract ( under 30 years ) without minimum wage , without social security , without severance pay . 
  * their plans for remove the public pensions . 
  the end of the article : * i do n't know what you think , but i have long since removed my desire to consume spanish products . 
  i will do so only with those who bear the label : `` this company does not belong to ceoe '' * i understand the proposal . 
  it makes sense and that sucks . 
  i would n't work for a spanish company again . 
  i had too many bad experiences . 
  my user name is angry_spaniard and i am using the second spanish republic flag as flair . 
  ;-) edit : let 's be obvious . 
  i am talking about spain . 
   not really , economies naturally recover from recessions and depressions . 
  why are n't we recovering after 5 years ? 
  i have my answer to that , but i want to hear your opinion . 
  i got a skilled job in sweden easily even before visiting the country . 
  but , i had a very similar job in spain . 
  my advice is to get the job before moving . 
  you can try to find a job in all the eu , you do n't know where you can get a job . 
  if you move before you are restricted to a smaller area . 
   low ( < 3 $ / hour ) somebody taking a job with that pay in my country seems a reason to complain.you ca n't rent a room with that . 
  you did n't say that , sorry . 
  i missunderstood your first comment probably . 
  i understood that you said that their deaths was only their responsability . 
  if i was in their situation i would take the same risk probably . 
   i 'd join a side rather than flee . 
  what side would you join in syria ? 
  let 's be serious . 
  i would risk my life to get a better future for me and my family if i was in that situation . 
  edit : i am loving/hating spain from the distance as a coward emigrant . 
  maybe i am taking your comment personally . 
  they were fleeding from the war . 
  you said that leaving them to die was ok . 
  i ca n't understand what 's in your mind . 
  you do n't let people to die when you can save them . 
  do you mean denmark ? 
  talking about what i know . 
  norway , denmark and sweden are different states and are actually more similar than some different parts of spain . 
  they where in the situation . 
  did they deserve to die ? 
  that 's not the reason of the lawsuit . 
  the reason is that they where left to die in the middle of the sea . 
  why we should let to die people that can be saved ? 
  do you think that the military made the right decision ? 
  they had resources to save the illegal immigrants , but they decided to left them to die . 
  that 's a crime in the [ spanish legal code ] ( http://noticias.juridicas.com/base_datos/penal/lo10-1995.l2t19.html ) * the public official that required by an individual to provide some relief to being obliged by virtue of his office to prevent a crime against the life of the people , to refrain from lending it , shall be punished by a fine of eighteen to twenty-four months and disqualification from public office by time of three to six years . 
   * 63 migrants dead only 11 people alive *, 
  if the spanish experience is worth something the private manager would rob the companies again and then ask for a bailout . 
  in addition , they would have big number of members of the party that sold the company and their relatives in the board and/or with fake and well paid jobs . 
  you gave them a bailout , it 's almost the same . 
  do n't forget the fogasa payments . 
  if they last until the end fogasa ( government ) will pay part of the pending wages and part of the severance pay . 
  but , if they leave early they would lose the right to it . 
  and , there are n't other jobs to go . 
  the tricks for trying to keep the assests after a bankruptcy are very common in spain .
