  well , the eu and the eurozone are different things . 
  why ? 
  italy is orders of magnitude worse in all the indicators . 
   i wish this whole debacle would cease and we can get on with evolving th eu . 
  it wo n't , the amount of money that we are discussing is not enough to get to july if greece has to pay part of the debt that has generated with the raided funds of local administrations and pension funds , the imf and maybe even paying some debts to providers . 
  so greece will need a 3rd bailout approved before 6 months . 
  and it will be required more tax raises , cuts in investments and public services ( health care , education , pensions , unemployment benefits ) and selling more infrastructure to foreign investors . 
  i do n't know if syriza will want to play that game . 
  if they play probably at 2019 the greek gdp will be smaller than at 2014 . 
  if they default and leave the eurozone , or the eu if needed , at least they will have the freedom of apply their own policies . 
  let 's hope that greece is allowed to default and leave the eurozone without leaving the eu . 
  we do n't have a fiscal union or a relevant common budget . 
  my taxes are n't contributing relevantly at spain , my social security payments are n't contributing for the pension of my grandparents ( my parents still work ) . 
  if i had moved within spain they would , so it is not the same, 
  chad has a big scarcity of doctors . 
  and still 40 % of their native doctors has emigrated . 
  doctors for 700 euros/month . 
  i do n't think so . 
   to be frank given what varoufakis has claimed elsewhere , that they do n't even have enough money to collect taxes , the only solution left for greece is to immediately default getting a functional tax services would take years and would imply hiring and trying a lot of people , retraining people , development and adapting software , fixing the cadastre system to bring it to spanish standards at least ... 
  the tax system was as bad as is the greek now when spain joined the eec in 1986 and some of these problems ca n't be solved in 2 or 3 years . 
  btw ironically the modernization at spain slowed/stopped since the introduction of the euro . 
  many of these projects are slow and expensive and greece does n't have the time or the money and it is not going to be given them either . 
   the money needs to be tied to things like infrastructure upgrades and education . 
  it should also be dependent on reform of markets . 
  are you proposing a 3rd bailout ? 
  that 's not under discussion , and i do n't think that the other eurozone governments would back those terms . 
  the payment that is discussed is tied to debt repayments and is depending on additional cuts in investment and public services and the privatization of infrastructure like athens ' airport . 
  i would expect a 3rd bailout to be written in similar terms to the other two . 
  the political majority in the creditors is similar . 
  please get it . 
  i promise to boicot anybody trying to bring it to spain . 
   to somebody who needs aspirin during pharmacy closing hours this can appear a no brainer : maybe this caught austerity on greece , but the rules at spain say every district ( groups of pharmacies ) has to have a pharmacy open 24/7 . 
  and it is easy to check which one is open online . 
  and if you do n't have internet the timetable for the month is usually in the entrance . 
  spain has the system of concessions of pharmacies as greece . 
  still enforced and the eu has never asked to reform it . 
   soviet ` ish laws like this what ? 
  the pharmacies are privately owned , what 's soviet about that ? 
  spain has the same system by the way . 
  and the owners of the pharmacies are one of the biggest supporters of the ruling conservative party , many high officers of the party like the regional president of balearic islands own one . 
  if it is anything like spain ( that has a similar system ) they have ridiculously high profits even in a crisis . 
  the system was established by the francoist dictatorship . 
  who is who in the agreement : * psoe : the tradicional progressive party . 
  they have been ruling since 1981 , the last 20 years filled with constant corruption affairs . 
  * c 's ( ciudadanos/ciutadans ) : supposed to be a liberal anti-corruption party . 
  created as unionist party in catalonia almost 10 years ago . 
  who is who in opposition : * pp : conservative has never ruled the region . 
  the last shitty candidate falsified his resume as a fun fact . 
  teresa rodr\u00edguez , the andalusian leader , does n't come from the core . 
  she was one of the leaders of anticapitalist left , a troskyist party , before joining podemos . 
  put certain interesting condition for sitting to negotiate with anybody : the regional government should not operate with banks that evicted people from their only home when they are n't able to pay the mortgage , unless they provide another home to them . 
  i forecast [ the opposite ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/38zodo/turkeys_ruling_party_loses_majority_in_election/crzb1v8 ) two days ago , so i ca n't make a living as fortune teller :  spain is heading to repeat the andalusian elections . 
  ruling psoe ( progressive or whatever , you know modern social-democracy ) are too corrupt for everybody except their voters . 
  and podemos ( left wing ) and the pp ( conservatives ) reject even negotiate with each others . 
   i think that both hope that the dozens of arrest since the last elections , [ including some more today ] ( http://sevilla.abc.es/andalucia/20150608/sevi-operacion-detenidos-201506081016.html ) , will weaken the psoe in case of new elections . 
  but i doubt it . 
  probably the psoe was aware that they would hurt in case of new elections . 
  and c 's decided that if psoe accepted their conditions they should support them , even after the last anti-corruption operations . 
  oook . 
  why are you asking that ? 
  well , i did in the regional elections , but i am not exactly enthusiastic about them . 
  if we ~ ~ putted ~ ~ put all the hispanic american immigrants together this map would change . 
  there are quite some argentinians and peruvians also even if they are n't the biggest group in any province . 
  probably children of returned immigrants in switzerland . 
  [ monica oltra , the leader of the valencian nationalist compromis , is born at germany ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c3%b3nica_oltra ) . 
  edit : probably the same with the french in zamora . 
   if you have a low paying wage in the uk , you will probably need benefits to top up your wage in order to enjoy a reasonable standard of living , particularly in the south east where prices are high . 
  maybe what you consider an unreasonable standard of living beats the alternatives that they have . 
   because certain parts of the uk are underpopulated . 
  yes , but who would want to move to the highlands of scotland ? 
  are there any jobs there anyway ? 
  btw about the benefits :  by with-holding these benefits temporarily , it makes it hard for migrants to make a start in the uk , or in certain parts in the uk ( london ! ) . 
  the problem is that you seem to want to give some universal benefits to your citizens than you do n't want to give to eu-citizens . 
  and that does n't work with the current eu rules . 
  but you can do something with similar effects without changing the eu rules . 
  i think that spain has these interesting rules . 
  you can require than everybody that collects benefits to have been registered in the social security at least three months , and register all the local population when they are 14 , and when you are a kid you are under parents coverage . 
  and for some others you can ask to have worked ( paying social security ) at least 6 months at the country , or at least one of their parents if they are under 26 . 
  spain has also established benefit programs for returned emigrants , because the rules left some spaniards that lived abroad without benefits if they moved back to spain . 
  so i think that cameron could get something similar to what he wants already . 
  so i do n't understand what he is trying to get , except ukip voters . 
   the podemos or w/e its called party in spain will demand a better deal for spain too . 
  the spanish bailout is only 40 billions in way more favourable terms already than the ones that greece was asking for at the beginning . 
  less than 1 % interest and to return at 2025 . 
  the risk would be not paying for principles or something , but the terms of the spanish bailout are the best by a long shot . 
  edit : however , the spanish bailout was n't for the public finances . 
  the terms actually forbidden the government to touch the money . 
  it was for capitalize banks , but the money has to be paid back by the government . 
  actually that 's way some guys from podemos say that the spanish government should not pay back ( even if they officially have dropped that ) . 
  both of you are right . 
  this is a lose-lose situation . 
   the current solutions being mooted involve using benefit payments to change migration patterns , which seems fairly reasonable . 
  can you explain how ? 
  i would prefer to work in the united kingdom than live on benefits at spain . 
  maybe is how i have been raised but i do n't think that it is uncommon . 
  people will move to where are jobs . 
  disclaimer , i have emigrated sort of recently to sweden . 
  but i am software developer that already had a job at spain ( with a real salary around half of the new one ) so i am not representative . 
  spanish population has fallen for three years , [ at the page 12 of the press note ] ( http://www.ine.es/en/prensa/np904_en.pdf ) , with more births than deaths . 
  population ( in thousands ) at the 1st of january of each year : * 2012 : 47,265 * 2013 : 47,130 * 2014 : 46,771 * 2015 : 46,601 but emigrating is n't easy .
