  greece is n't that anymore , but that law stayed with them . 
  removing that make sense nowadays . 
   vacation for working with a computer this happened in more countries like spain 30 years ago . 
  they had an excess of employees when they computerized the public administration . 
  they agreed in increase the number of vacation days in 5 to the affected departments and freeze the salaries one year . 
  the government increased the number of working days in spain recently for those public servants and has a program for replacing only a 10 % of the ones that go to retireement . 
  everybody seems to think that the solution is make less people work more hours . 
  it 's an interesting consensus with 27 % of unemployment . 
  translation : the number of days that most of the public servants have to work has increased . 
  that in a society with 27.9 % of unemployment . 
  there is high unemploymeny . 
  let 's fire more people and increse the number of working days for the rest . 
   galicia yep , they also . 
   generally it is common knowledge that unemployment lags economic growth depending on the flexibility of the labour market . 
  but , greeece is still in recesion and the economy is so bad that is n't considered a [ developed country anymore . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/19kdkg/greece_reclassified_to_emerging_market_from/ ) what economic growth are you talking about ? 
   it 's either a choice between job cuts or longer working days or everyone loses their jobs . 
  i do n't have an answer for that . 
  but we are getting the three things now . 
  longer working days . 
  lower salaries and lay-offs . 
   same thing , decent housing for all sounds nice there are three millions and half of empty house ready to be inhabited . 
  a lot of them in cities . 
  spain does n't have a problem of lack of housing . 
  the problem is that there is n't people that can afford to live in those houses . 
   if someone loans another persons money to buy a house but can not pay the loan like agreed it is more than logical to let the lender have the house . 
  that 's the reason why the number of empty houses has increased in half million since the end of the construction bubble . 
  spain is the country of the houses without people and people without houses . 
  and it 's not only mortgages , with a 27 % of unemployment many people ca n't pay the rent or the utilities . 
  we are paying energy companies to maintain energy plants that are not used because the economy that used them disappeared , we are giving bailouts to banks that own the houses where nobody lives . 
  we are asking to evicted people to keep paying mortgages when they do n't have a house or anything . 
  i do n't think that this nun has a solution , but the things are happening at spain have to stop . 
  btw , if i have to choose between a party that supports the current policies and a populist party i will vote the populist party even if i do n't think that they are going to solve the situation . 
  i forgot aragon , that shared had the same crown in the past with the catalan countries . 
  [ their language ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aragonese_language ) is almost death . 
  there are mores speakers of catalonian that of aragonese in aragon . 
  asturias and leon had the [ asturian language , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asturian_language ) that is not official . 
  leon is almost completely assimilated and is sharing regional government with north castilla ( castilla y leon ) andalusia does n't have its own language , they have a characteristic dialect , but that 's all . 
  they have a strong self-government nowadays . 
  it was the core of al-andalus but they where conquered by castilla . 
  they have been the region that has retrieved the worst treatment from spain until recently ( less investment , giving all the farmland to the grandee like house of alba , ) . 
  the highest poverty rates of spain and some of the richest spaniards also live here . 
  canary islands : spanish [ african islands ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guanches ) . 
  they used a berber language , but it was killed more than a hundred years ago . 
   how equitable is the relationship seen in spain ? 
  here it 's rather england centric which upsets everyone els . 
  * seen * . 
  more hate towards catalonia than it 's healthy , but basque country and navarra have privileges and they are acception . 
  the capital is obviously privileged also , and castillian/andalusian culture is promited as the mainline spanish culture . 
  many people supports the status quo except in catalonia , and many people in castilla wants to reduce the power of the autonumus governments with the current political situation . 
  it 's an interesting situation . 
  spain contains : castilla ( inlcuding asturies , leon , andalusia and canary islands ) , catalonia , balearic islands , valencia , basque country and navarra . 
  that 's plenty of nations . 
  a lot of people has tried to fix their countries . 
  and now those countries are emiting more immigrants than before . 
  many people has given up with their countries . 
  i ca n't take seriously what you are saying . 
  can you say simply hat you do n't want more immigrants in your country and if they are in a bad situation it 's their problem ? 
  it does n't work like that . 
  all the developed countries are restricting legal immigration . 
  te obvious conclusion is that you have to immigrate illegally to somewhere . 
  what other country ? 
  most of the developed world is very harsh to illegal immigrants . 
  spain puts the ones that catch and can not deport in concentration camps and we forbid providing them public health care . 
  how far would you go ? 
  and you can expect to have a big population in poverty , no integrated and without access to education or health care . 
  this going to be great . 
  honestly . 
  that would n't stop me . 
  if i was from certain countries and i was unable to leave legally i would leave illegally . 
  if you act like that the only visible effect would be a big number of illegal immigrants , like [ in the us ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illegal_immigration_to_the_united_states ) . 
  montenegro and kosovo are using euros . 
  there is oil in canary islands , but the regional government is blocking the prospections . 
  and there is olive oil in the rest of spain , that should be close enought . 
  but , nobody wants to bring freedom to spain . 
  never !, 
   an additional 15 to 25 million people across europe could face the prospect of living in poverty by 2025 if austerity measures continue . 
  the support for self-determination is higher that the support for independence . 
  in addition , there is a lot of people that does n't support any side . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_independence#polls the problem is the lack of a spanish project that normal people can like . 
  i given up with my country and i feel completely spaniard . 
  the country is broken . 
  and there is n't a plan to fix it . 
  nobody offers a good alternative to the independence . 
  only more of the same shit . 
  we 're everywhere . 
  the local culture is dying in valencia and we have a spanish mainline conservative government . 
  i find the official spanish figures very hard to believe . 
  we have destroyed 25 % of the employment but the gdp per capita is the same . 
  * [ source-portugal ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/portugal/gdp-per-capita-ppp ) * [ source-greece ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/gdp-per-capita-ppp ) you can check more countries changing the url . 
  we can see two different evolution : the greek bubble and portuguese stagnation . 
  other countries have analogous patterns ( spain like greece and italy like portugal ) , but i choose this two cases because they seem the more extreme to me . 
  i got the idea from the eastern europe thread . 
  it 's losing population very quickly . 
  i do n't think that australia cares . 
   it sounds quite medieval , i expect tax collecting and repartition is a bureaucratic nightmare . 
  it 's a ** political ** nighmare . 
  the foral territories have it easy , they pay the central government for the services that central governemnt or eu provide . 
  the other communities have the crazy system that every government modifies . 
   it sounds like they are allowed to spend , but they are not encouraged to collect or stimulate businesses .
