  you are also overfishing on your , and other people 's water . 
  you are destroying the livelyhoods for africans who are far poorer than you , and you are fishing the fishes out of the oceans . 
  this again ? 
   the next generations will suffer because of your fishing fleet and the fact that spain is so fucking lazy that it has n't cut down on it for decades , despite being told so for the last three decades . 
  you defended that . 
  i despise you for that . 
  [ a shrinking spanish fishing fleet ] ( http://www.seafoodsource.com/newsarticledetail.aspx?id=21018 ) * the spanish fishing fleet was reduced by 24.5 percent between 2006 and 2012 , decreasing from 13,398 to 10,116 vessels . 
  the fleet 's gross tonnage also fell in this period by 19.96 percent , and its power -- measured in kilowatts -- dropped by 20.28 percent . 
  * however , i do n't to discuss about this . 
  i keep my previous stament , your concerns are valid . 
  but , i more worried about the things that you think that are n't important . 
  the areas where the fishing fleet is based are the more economically depressed . 
  cadiz has over 40 % unemployment . 
  the situation in galicia is * better * only over 20 % . 
  sorry , i am still more concerned about my silly local problems . 
   well , they can not pay for themselves , they are getting bailouts and haircuts , so the fact that you want to give them more vacation when they ca n't pay for themselves at the moment means that someone else have to . 
  the estonians , imf , take your pick . 
  the only thing we know is that it will not be why do n't remove all the vacations then ? 
   greece does when they are ** net payer ** to the eu , and are paying back on their loans etc and that 's not going to happen in our lifes unless there are changes that i do n't expect . 
  we keep doing the same but we are expecting different results . 
   it is horrible if the greeks work like the americans . 
  actually the americans worked 1 790 hours in 2012 . 
   i have , unfortunately , read your comments ,  you really belive in the exceptionalism of the south . 
  personal attacks again , i love this . 
    according to you spain has the right to fish on any water , not following the law , destroying the livelyhood for poor africans , fish illegaly and ruining the oceans for future generations . 
  yeah !, 
  you are putting words in my mouth that i did not say . 
  i said that i do n't care about that . 
  maybe it was harsh , but you reacted insulting me . 
  i stil think that you overreact a lot . 
   the fact that you think everyone else should pay for greece does not surprise me one bit . 
  where did i say this ? 
   why did n't you say so from the beginning . 
  because , i think that greece should reduce its working hours not increase them . 
  maybe , i am not expresing my ideas clearly . 
  but , that 's my opinion . 
  i said no and more things , can you read it ? 
  i think that i was trying to make another point . 
   you are mixing apple and oranges . 
  and you are still not answering the question , god dammit why are you such a coward ? 
  why ca n't you answer the question with a straight yes and no . 
  do that now !, 
   should the greeks get vacation for working in front of a computer . 
  yes/no no , but that was a pretext to increase the vacations only of the public servants that got computers . 
  that was an ill-designed approach to the problem . 
  i do n't see why greeks should work 2,000 hours per years when the rest of the eu is working between 1,600 and 1,800 . 
  i think that working hours in greece should be reduced . 
   in addition , do you think the greeks state can afford to have more vacation than the finns for example ? 
  but , do they have ? 
  their salary have been reduced a 30 % in the last five years . 
  [ a 10 % this year . 
  ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2013/07/03/greek-salaries-cut-another-10/ ) they are working more for less salary . 
   greeks public servants have one of the lowest productivity in the oecd . 
  if you measure the productivity per hour , greeks stay a lot of time in the office and do n't accomplish a lot and this does n't fix it . 
  we are still avoiding the elephant in the room . 
  the reason of that is not only the productivity per hour . 
  it 's the amount of people in the payroll that does n't work actually . 
   and , you conveniently forget that this does increase the productivity . 
  lower cost plus more work does that . 
  it is simple math . 
  this increase the productivity for the capital , the labour productivity per hour is stangant with that . 
   do you think the greeks should get an extra week vacation ( in comparison to everyone else ) . 
  actually , greeks get less vacation days 20 days per year . 
  after those public servants will have 20 days per year http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_statutory_minimum_employment_leave_by_country abd the greek workers work [ the highest number of hours in the eu . 
  ] ( http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs ) a greek works 2 034 hours per year . 
  a swede 1 621 hours . 
   why should they get it if yes ? 
  why is it harder for greeks to work in front of a computer than for estonians ? 
  explain in detail . 
  i am not saying that . 
  i am saying that the greek workers work too many days per year and that their working hours should be reduced no increased . 
  i am against reducing their number of vacation days after reducing their salaries . 
  if you neeed more employees for the public services hire them . 
   i 'm sorry , but you do n't `` create '' jobs by hiring unnecessary public servants . 
  if they are unneeded why are we reducing their vacations ? 
   the best is not to have low productivity . 
  and for that were the computers . 
  and the higher productivity allowed to increase the vacations . 
   do you honestly think it is a good idea to have extra vacation for working with computers ? 
  is that a good thing in your world ? 
  yes or no ? 
  is it black or white ? 
  you introduce computers in an administration and the government gets more tasks with less working hours . 
  i understand that it can seem unfair if when a private company did the same they fired 10 % of the empoyees and keep the same vacations . 
  these decisions were made with that context . 
  and i think it 's fair that the workers get part of the benefits of the increase in productivity . 
  a big chunk of the low productivy does n't come from the conventional public servants that are in the political focus . 
  the greek public tv have many employees that were n't hired as public servants and did n't seem to do something useful . 
  the conventional administrations are bad place to hide cronies and unneeded employees ; there is a network of agencies , fundations and public companies for that . 
  and they are retrieving less austerity that the conventional administration . 
  maybe , they should go back to two weeks of vacations and 45 hours a week . 
  how many vacations days has the average public servant in your country ? 
  how many days has in greece ? 
  the options were reducing the number of working hours , firing people or making the people stay in the office whitout doing anything useful . 
  what 's the best ? 
   well , since the greek public servants have very low productivity maybe they should work more . 
  with the same low productivity , you are n't addressing the problem . 
   do n't you understand that ridiculous stuff like vacation for working with a computer , pension for unwed women etc is a an extra cost for a society that can ill afford it . 
  i did n't talk about the pension . 
  that made sense in the context of a patriarcal society .
