  not the fault of the rest of the eu if italy have refused to develop . 
  their choice , their money italy is historically a net contributor bigger than uk and france until this budget . 
  italy as average was more developed than the eu average . 
  italy was richer per capita than uk 20 years ago . 
  italy was considered developed . 
  and it 's not only the south who is slipping . 
  northen italy is n't what it used to be either . 
  the reasons are different in every area . 
  and some countries have changed a lot . 
  you do n't know how the spanish south was 40 years ago . 
  and how it 's now . 
  it was way worse than southern italy or portugal . 
  nowadays , it 's way better . 
  the spain of masters and day laborers where the house of alba and the catholic church control the economy since the end of the middle age . 
  it had less organized crime at least , but completelly unintegrated gitanos ( roma ) back in the day with massive crime rates and extremely high drug addiction rates . 
  an economy where anything except farming , hunting and tourism was boicoted by the aristocracy , catholic church and the government , all the land was owned by a dozen of families and the church . 
  you would say that it 's not working . 
  i would say that you seem to forget from where we were 40 years ago . 
  the reasons of the current spanish situation are mostly bad regulation financial sector , lack of independent central bank monitoring the banks , overinvesting in the construction sector tolerated and promoted by the government , 7 non-university education laws in 30 years ( and as bonus catalonia is not going to apply the last one , that the government just approved ) , rampant corruption concentrated in certain regions however , my personal order : valencia , andalusia , balearic islands and madrid . 
  ironically two of the richest regions that are net contributors to the spanish cohesion mechanis , and would be to eu have been having constant corruption affairs the last years ( madrid and balearic islands ) . 
  and they have been growing above the spanish and eu average . 
   but that is also , partly a political choice sweden , norway , finland , france , the netherlands and germany has made . 
  germany has huge transfers between the regions for example . 
  spain has those transfers also . 
  some years catalonia has sent transfers around 8 % of its gdp , whereas basque country has never sent more than 2 % thank to the [ basque economical agreement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basque_economic_agreement ) . 
   but , do you honestly think catalonia will get independence ? 
  there is clear majority for it in catalonia . 
  therefore , the spanish government is not going to allow doing a referendum . 
  and if catalonia 's government tries to do it the spanish government can suspend their self-government . 
  i do n't know what 's going to happen we are in uncharted waters . 
  spain could have stoped this fixing the situation that makes catalonia the biggest contributor per capita without being the richest region , giving the same status to basque country and catalonia whatever that status is , and respecting the position of the catalan language in the education and the powers to decide the language of instruction in catalonia , and not trying to overrule the prohibition of bullfighting done by the catalonian government . 
  there were issues before , but since the spanish conservatives got an absolute majority two years ago they have been amazing pissing off catalan people . 
  btw , i am from valencia a region where we also speak the catalan language outside of catalonia , and ironically one of the regions where the spanish nationalism is stronger . 
   i had no idea , i thought catalonia was the financial crown jewel , not basque . 
  interesting . 
  thanks . 
  catalonia is the most important region because it has the second biggest population 7.3 millions of inhabitants and the biggest gdp ) . 
  however , the basque country has the biggest gdp per capita , but only 2.2 millions of inhabitants . 
  furthermore , the basque country has certain fiscal privileges due to that they supported the french in the succesion war while catalonian territories supported habsburg and they do n't contribute to the spanish cohesion funds . 
  the parts of the basque country where the fascist insurrection had the support of the local institutions kept the self-govenment even during the dictatorship ( navarra and alava ) . 
  -- [ regional gdp spanish official data ] ( http://www.ine.es/en/prensa/np774_en.pdf ) edit : i should insist in the [ map ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/what/future/img/eligibility20142020.pdf ), 
   you are still on the reciving end , you are not contributing to the eu , you are receiver and will be for the next 7 years . 
  for 33 years you will take money from the eu , not give . 
  that is too long - why have n't spain become net contributors ? 
  if the cohesion funds worked -- why are we still giving you money ? 
  why arent ' t you giving the rest of europe money ? 
  i 'll give you that on the cohesion funds though . 
  the most simple answer is because there are more undeveloped regions in spain than the eu average and the primary sector is bigger than the eu average ( spain is now the 2nd biggest retriever of cap funds after france ) . 
  italy has been a net contributor the las 50 years to the eu ( and predecessors ) however for this budget they are mostly neutral . 
  the italian economy has had the secon biggest fall in the last ten years after greece . 
  you ca n't blame missuse of eu funds or whatever with them . 
  cohesion funds are for countries that are having a hard time with the current . 
  structural funds are for undeveloped regions inside countries . 
  the period 2007-2013 has been the first period without getting cohesion eu funds and moving from getting 400 euros per capita to 50 euros , and the first period increasing the difference with the eu average instead of decreasing . 
   and catalonian independence - wo n't that mean that spain gets less money from catalonia ? 
  that increases the risk of spain continuing being a net recipient instead of someone who pays towards the eu , does n't it ? 
  that 's the * joke * . 
  spain would qualify for cohesion funds without catalonia . 
  spain more like uk than italy has quite big differences between regions ( uk has divided wales for this budget in a way that half of wales qualifies for structural funds ) . 
  other countries have more territorial cohesion like sweden , france or western germany had ( ok , still has but there is also the east ) . 
  between regions or inside regions , from seville ( andalusia capital and biggest city ) to marbella there is a big difference in living standards and development in favour of marbella . 
  and the basque country is way better than anybody else including catalonia or madrid . 
  actually , he required that his companies do n't have to follow the collective agreements or the foreign labour laws , smoking laws and the money laundry prevention laws . 
  and many years of * fiscal vacations * including the workers ' social security . 
  this was rampant and shameless . 
  and giving only to him would have been simply illegal including eu laws . 
  however , +30 % of the immigrants are jobless . 
  some of them getting a job would be a nice improvement over this . 
  anyway , let 's be honest : prostitution , gambling and tourism are big already i am sceptic about getting a lot of growth in those sectors i think that spain needs to diversify its economy . 
   if they did - why are greece , spain and portugal still on the receiving end , and will be for another 7 years , at least ? 
  [ spain is not getting cohesion funds this budget ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/what/future/img/elig_1420_mar12_cf_0810_a4p20_m.pdf ) ^ ( wait for catalonia independence ) can you stop repeating the same over and over again ? 
  edit : and i think that limiting to < 90 % of the gni per capita is fine . 
  using a fixed number of years does n't make sense for cases like romania and bulgaria , even if they grow a 5 % every year they would be poorer than average in 20 years . 
   what i find even worse than this boy as a minister of foreign affairs is that they decided to merge the ministry of science into the ministry of economy , so science got no separate minister anymore . 
  spain did exactly the same just before screwing the r&d system with layoffs and budget cuts . 
   much better for them to give a referendum and then try and win it ... 
  honestly , everybody knows that the unionism does n't have the smallest chance . 
  i would like to compare this figures with other countries figures :  about four percent of all gitanos still live in makeshift camps and their unemployment rate stood at 36 percent in 2011 , high above the national average , according to the roma secretariat foundation , which works to improve their living conditions . 
   just over half of spain 's roma have no formal education , and 8.6 percent are illiterate . 
  btw : the article links to an interview to [ an interview ] ( http://www.thelocal.es/20131122/the-crisis-makes-spains-gypsies-even-more-invisible ) to the director of the international department of the gitano secretariat foundation . 
  it 's lovely how she tries to differentiate themselves from the eastern euro roma . 
  why is the eu giving funds to a country that is not part of the eu ? 
  does that mean that instead to reform the eu and the ecb you want out ? 
  if somebody wants to increase its defense budget can start buying the spanish carrier * principe de asturias *, 
  we did n't choose to install a monarch . 
  franco appointed the monarch and after franco 's death the monarch offered a peaceful transition to democracy if he was allowed to stay in office . 
  the monarchy or republic has n't been in the table since then until the crisis . 
  however , nobody has considered this question important enough until now . 
   when there 's no such thing as a nation within catalonia other than catalonia itself to begin with . 
  but i do n't think that they want to join the rest of occitania and be frenchified . 
  but if they wanted to stay within spain they should be allowed . 
  it 's mostly symbolic . 
  i use this flag to make a point . 
  that does n't mean that i care about the colors of the flag . 
   what are you afraid of , dear mr rajoy ? 
  the independence will win if the referendum is allowed . 
  but , maybe they should celebrate the referendum with all the people of their nation ; the 41 million of argentinians . 
   were payments deferred until the next fiscal year ? 
  did they cull thousands of government employees ? 
  did they reduce pension obligations ?
