   who lacks the gumption to address the country 's serious structural problems . 
  he passed more reforms in that direction than spain recently . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1degcl/french_president_announces_10_probusiness/  the french constitution grants the office of the president more power than is allotted any other leader of the western world . 
  the president of spain has more power , but can be removed by the parlament in any moment . 
  he can pass laws by decree , he appoints attorneys , he chooses the supreme and constitutional courts with the parlament , he appoints ambassadors , he can grant pardons ; however he ca n't start a war by himself ... 
  besides that , are argentina and venezuela western ? 
  because their presidents have even more power . 
  he is n't pushing for reforms , he is pushing for austerity . 
  it 's under minimum wage and you would n't be able to afford to live by yourself with that . 
  edit : i would like to have more details . 
   greece has actually to fix the underlaying problems . 
  and , that 's gon na happen . 
  xd spain is not fixing the underlaying problems at least . 
  i am not so sure about greece . 
  you forgot the r&d budget . 
  do we still have one ? 
   from the sounds of it , you feel the problems are political rather than economic/social . 
  mmmm ... 
  the economic and social problems are generated by political decisions , we ared focused in the economic and social problems while the politcal system is rotten . 
  we have had socia-democratic and conservative govenments in the last 5 years , and none of them have tried to solve the problems of spain . 
  why ? 
   is that the case , or do you think fixing the government is the easiest way to start getting out of the mess ? 
  it 's more difficult actually . 
  current political class wants to preserve their position and the power to help their friends . 
  and a normal division of powers would make more difficult the alliances between national and regional parties . 
  they are fighting to preserve the current spanish model and if there 's any extra energy they try to solve the problems but without affecting the ruling class . 
  there are markets regulations no to protect employees , but to protect current companies . 
  an example . 
  there are only 3 oil companies working in spain and the prices before taxes are over eu average , however the taxes are under eu average . 
  the government and the cartel fight to avoid any other company joining the market . 
  some extra info about the oil prices : [ monday 's effect ] ( http://www.motorpasion.com/industria/el-efecto-lunes-de-los-precios-del-combustible-en-noviembre-en-graficas ) * when spain joined the eec at the year 1986 , they put the condition that removed the public oil monopoly in 1993 . 
  the government gave the actives to repsol , cepsa and bp who have organized a `` type of olygopoly . 
  do you need to register to get benefits ? 
  in spain you need to register to get benefits and the companies get tax breaks if they hire registered unemployed . 
  that 's one of the reasons why unemployment in spain is higher than in italy with similar rates of activity . 
  i think that the most urgent is : * a new government * a judicial system that can prosecute the president and no wait to the end of term and that does n't need 17 years to send to jail a banker . 
  and then the government gave a pardon to him . 
  * a better elite selection system . 
  the leaders of spain have a degree in laws and a public servant position in unpaid leave ( insurance if everything fails ) when they finish the terms they go to the board of companies that retrieved public support . 
  i want to have better people in office . 
  i am not sure about how to solve this . 
  the leaders of france studied in ena the leaders of usa in the ivy leage . 
  i do n't like those aproaches neither , i am not sure about how to improve this . 
  * a clear division of powers among administrations . 
  there are regulations about the same fields by regional , national and municipal administrations . 
  and what regulation should be inforced changes with the central government alliances . 
  it also changes with the region . 
  you should comply with regional government in catalonia , local government in basque country and national government in other places in some fields . 
  * independent and well founded regulators for markets . 
  since the central bank to stock marker supervisor . 
  these are serious long-term isssues from before the eu . 
  spain has a government that is more interested in protecting party members under inquest and doing bailouts and passing regulations to help companies that have party members in the board than in solving the problems of the country . 
  and the government can do whatever they want to protect the party members and to help friendly companies and disturb competitors . 
  i am going to put [ this picture ] ( http://imgur.com/ppzmztn ) of the corrupt president of valencia with the major here . 
  fernando alonso was there also . 
  they got us a formula 1 grand prix paying twice as much the others and they did unbreakable with a huge penalty edit : there were plenty of applauses when the deal was announced . 
  the first is what sweden would like that the rest of the world think he is and he tries to be . 
  the second is what sweden is actually . 
  basque en cantabria ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  i would say summer , but i do n't live in that countries . 
  that did n't stop us . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/huesca%e2%80%93pirineos_airport ), 
   health insurance is paid for separately not in spain . 
  public health care is paid by taxes money . 
   likewise with pensions . 
  yes , but if the public pension system does n't have enough income the government is expected to use taxes to pay the pensions . 
   for the poorest , they are supported by social security , which is also separate from the general tax pool . 
  not since [ toledo 's pact ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacto_de_toledo ) . 
  social security is only for retirement pension , we also have a public mandatory unemployment insurance . 
   such as college loans . 
  there are n't college loans in spain . 
   finally , let 's not forget that income tax accounts for less than a third of the overall tax revenue . 
  yes that 's true , spain taxes : * social security : 10 % gdp * vat : 10 % gdp * income taxes : 12 % gdp * others ( corporate tax , tobacco , fuel ) : 5 % gdp  do n't rely on income tax they realy in public income . 
  and income tax is one important source of it . 
  if we do n't have high income taxes we need to have crazy levels of other taxes . 
  because we want to have retirement pension , college education , health care , roads , trains , airports ... 
  who is going to hire that * new people entering or re-entering the job market ? 
  * if there is n't demand for goods and services why will somebody hire more employees ? 
  you did n't give a reason to hire anybody . 
   you make too many assumptions that are wrong . 
  most people on minimum wage have no loans . 
  and you are making assumptions . 
  people that was earning 2000 euros/month can be on minimum wage now and paying loans . 
  two millions of ( mostly unskilled ) construction workers with high salaries have lost their jobs , some of them are working on minimum wage in unskilled jobs . 
  minimum wage jobs are n't for unskilled youth only nowadays . 
   why do n't you think that more people will be hired at lower wages . 
  because , the demand will be lower due to the lower salaries and the country wo n't be attractive to foreign investment due to other issues that are n't being fixed . 
   why are you against people having a real job ? 
  why are you against people working for what they are worth ( lower wages ) ? 
  that 's non-sense . 
  it 's exactly like spain . 
  that 's fun from hungary . 
  how are the homeless and romani ? 
  my government is [ granting pardons to police officers convicted of torture ] ( http://globalvoicesonline.org/2012/12/07/spain-pardon-granted-to-police-officers-convicted-of-torture/ ) i do n't think that spain is better than hungary . 
  before the common market if a company operated in spain they had to pay taxes in spain . 
  how can a country enforce corporate taxes in the eu ? 
  it 's legal due to the eu . 
  there are 2 options : leaving the eu or reforming the eu . 
  however , the last one does n't seem posible ireland , uk , luxembourg , netherlands would fight that .
