  cdc is pro-independence since 2011 , udc is not sure . 
  * compromis : valencian left wing nationalist * eh-bildu : abertzale ( patriotic ) pro-independence basque left . 
  * iu : left wing coalition around the pce ( spanish communist party ) . 
  * pnv-eaj : literally basque nationalist party , the party of god and the old laws . 
  * pp : nationally ruling party . 
  spanish conservatives . 
  * psoe : spanish traditional-progressive social-democratic party . 
  currently opposition nationally . 
  * psc-cp : catalan party federated to the psoe , it is not clear if they are separated parties . 
  * upn : navarre traditionalist , conservative and catholic . 
  * cc : rules tenerife and is clear yellow . 
  ## disclaimer : * the province capital is not always the biggest city . 
  this truth for asturies where gijon is bigger ( and will be ruled by fac ) ; pontevedra , where vigo is bigger and will be ruled by the psoe and where jerez de la frontera y bigger and also will be ruled by the psoe . 
  but it is the bigger in other cases . 
  ## conclusions/observations * an obvious thing to notice is that the conservative and ruling pp is being unable to form coalitions almost anywhere . 
  * the three biggest cities of spain ( madrid , barcelona and valencia ) , have mayors from non-traditional spanish parties . 
  * podemos backed coalitions coalitions have done very well at big cities , like barcelona and madrid . 
  but smaller cities are still conservative or voting psoe . 
  * the pnv is going rule the thre basque capitals , and they have been ruling bilbao since 1979 . 
  * for the first time valencia has a nationalist mayor . 
  * outside of cadiz podemos has done terribly in the south . 
  * what the hell is doing the old and conservative city of zamora voting iu ? 
  * eh-bildu is ruling pamplona/navarre 's capital with an alliance with pamplona en com\u00fan ( that 's leaded by podemos ) . 
   your first paragraph is where you got it wrong . 
  the ez was explicitly not to be a transfer union . 
  thats how the rules were written and thats what every country agreed to . 
  if you do n't like it then maybe you should n't have agreed to enter such a union . 
  that is not going to work in the long run . 
  if the eu wanted to follow the spirit of the rules greece should have defaulted years ago . 
  the rules were agreed , and now we have this crisis that we ca n't fix without acting against the spirit of those rules or forcing a country out of the eu ( also against the spirit of those rules , breakups are voluntary only ) . 
   and i prefer a grexit without letting greece off the hook concerning their debt . 
  well if greece leaves the eu there are n't many tools for collecting debts of a sovereign state that refuses or is unable to pay . 
  even if the creditors end recovering part of the money it would n't be according to the agreed calendar . 
  completing your explanation : * candidatura de confluencia : this would mean coalition usually . 
  in this context : all of them include podemos , the one in barcelona includes icv ( that is bigger than podemos in catalonia ) , and age in galicia . 
  are often leaded by independents that are n't members of any party in the coalition . 
  * the yellow in the province of tenerife in canary islands if for cc ( coalici\u00f3n canaria ) not for compromis . 
  * the province capital is not always the biggest city . 
  this truth for asturies where gijon is bigger ( and will be ruled by fac ) ; pontevedra , where vigo is bigger and will be ruled by the psoe and where jerez de la frontera y bigger and also will be ruled by the psoe . 
   i just do n't want to have to pay for their choices and mistakes . 
  then you probably should not share a currency with them . 
   if they want to retire at 55 thats their problem , but they ca n't expect me to work till 67 and then have my taxes being used to bail their country out because their own pension system is eating away 15 % of their gdp ( a ridiculous amount compared to other western nations ) . 
  nobody in the greek government or this thread is defending retirement at 55 years . 
  that 's not happening anymore . 
  the retirement age has been raised , and early retirements have been reduced a lot , and the absurd famous cases ( for hairdressers , journalist ) where already closed before 2012 . 
  but the big amount of people collecting retirement pensions ( 45 % living below poverty threshold ) is there to stay . 
  they are out of the job market and very unlikely to go back , so you ca n't reduce the amount of people to pay for . 
  if the greek economy had the 2008 size , it would be dedicating 11.25 % of the gdp for paying their pensions . 
  it is not absurd amount and is a lower gdp per capita than the current spanish one . 
  but , greece 's gdp is not going to grow so ... at the end of the day there are three options : or greece gets concessions , or greece accepts that the bulk of its population should live in poverty or greece leaves the eurozone and then it is not eurozone problem . 
  what would you pick ? 
  that is comparing the average retirement age with the full pension retirement age . 
  so that has its flaws . 
   even if greece changes this right now there 's still loads of pensioners living in retirement who have n't worked as much in their work life as people in other eu states . 
  so , what do you want to do with them ? 
  with the current unemployment figures , the people going to retirement will have worked less years as in other eu states anyway even if they retire later . 
  however , that supposed to be compensated with lower pensions ( 45 % below poverty threshold currently , and probably growing ) . 
  do you understand the concept unemployment ? 
  my uncle had his last job when he was 51 years old , but he is not going to access to early retirement until he becomes 61 or 62 probably with the last law changes , you ca n't retire earlier than that . 
  he has worked around 30 years plus military service . 
  edit : the people going to retirement at spain right now have spent around 5 years of their work life jobless , but seeking employment . 
  you are doing your calculations assuming that people are n't jobless a significant part of their life , and that 's not true at certain countries . 
   a lot of europe is becoming more nationalistic now too . 
  and bankrupt . 
  forever no , but unless they leave the euro they will stay in deflation the next few years . 
  so greece ca n't use inflation to reduce pensions unless it leaves the euro . 
   seven out of ten germans oppose further concessions in the bailout talks , which concessions have been done since syriza took power ? 
  where have you been ? 
  it is already . 
  this way the greek economy died more slowly , so success . 
  greece is going to have to make a decision about what they prefer a left wing government or staying in the eu . 
   logic and that fact that spending must equal taxation . 
  well the troika is asking for a primary budget surplus . 
  not equating . 
   will all sides just look on as a failed state develops in europe ? 
  there are already two at least : moldova and ukraine . 
  if you were meaning in the eu it wo n't . 
  because without treaty changes that your government will refuse greece would n't be able to continue in the eu if it defaults and reintroduces its own currency . 
   there arent easy solutions , taking europe with us into hell is something only people that want to see europe disintigrate if europe/eurozone does n't want to work it should disintegrate . 
   we do n't even have tax officers . 
  the salaries for the tax officers were reduced a lot , so a lot of them went into private practice . 
  the first day i was in office i asked : how many tax inspectors do i have access to ? 
  you know what the answer was ? 
  100 for the whole of greece . 
  for giving context spain has 3,000 tax inspectors and the spanish tax service has 25,000 employees . 
  they were 28,000 employees 5 years ago , but not replacing employees going to retirement and salary cuts have helped to shrink the agency and increase tax fraud . 
  edit : being clear , i think that the restrictions for hiring publics servants that have been imposed are hurting many times . 
  the interview is way more interesting than the headline would make you think . 
  not exactly , but i think that the advantages of having your own currency outweight the inconveniences . 
  at least comparing with the current status quo . 
  spain had high inflation since we joined the euro until 2008 . 
  the accumulated inflation compared with germany since 1999 was a 20 % higher . 
  it is one of the reasons of the current situation . 
  it could have been prevented with credit restrictions and higher interest rates , but germany was funding/digesting the reunification and having ongoing the agenda 2010 so we had low interest and a lot of credit for our private sector . 
  yes , but for teaching a lesson and for pandering certain voters , the focus will stay in the austerity and privatizations and the reforms will stay secondary . 
  we need to assume that this does n't work so well with members so diverse , without transfers . 
  the transfers can be direct from tax collected by a country to be spent in other or they can be with uniform programs funded at union level . 
  or we can learn to live with this type of crisis , and with periodical depressions of parts of the union , and financial crisis . 
  i think that it would be bad , but i also think that staying under the current circumstances would be worse . 
  and it is n't realistic to expect the circumstances to get better .
