  i want to read the eu 's plan for spanish infrastructure and how they can connect the investments in it , to development , i would love to know that also . 
  however , the eu funds went to the projects that make sense . 
  the weird projects have been paid with our tax money or in the case of some airports with the money of regional saving banks . 
  for example spain has proposed to built a tunnel in pyrenees to connect to connect to the french rail freight transport network and the eu denied the funding to that and said that we should connect by catalonia that is the cheapest solution . 
  but , the spanish government is having a * weird * behaviour about investments in catalonia ( i am sure that will help with to fight the independence movement ) . 
  about the central corridor . 
  only the tunnel would cost 6 billions . 
  [ check the map ] ( http://www.elperiodico.com/es/noticias/sociedad/gobierno-recupera-proyecto-del-corredor-central-por-aragon-1418021 ) red line from * zaragoza to francia . 
  *  and i of course , want to read the evaluation . 
  it is not there . 
  i want to read an evaluation of how giving cap money to wine is `` food security '' . 
  it is not there . 
  there is some evaluation . 
  they rejected the crazy spanish proposal and regional government from aragon is angry about that . 
   what do you think it is wrong with demanding this ? 
  why do you want to keep up the current situation ? 
  i do n't want to keep the current situation . 
  my points are : * the rural areas are less atractives than urban areas without additional programs . 
  i want to keep them alive . 
  * food security is needed . 
  i did n't say that i want to keep all the cap funds and programs i say that i want to keep a cap . 
  * you have said things that you ca n't back with data , like that rural development programs have failed in france . 
  the rural gdp per capita is higher and the people living in rural areas have acceptable public services . 
  it 's not like italy where the rural areas in the south are almost third world . 
  spain has bigger differences than france but smaller than italy between rich and poor areas and urban and rural areas . 
   the eu does nothing of that . 
  if they did - what isthe purpose of rural development ? 
  stop the rural flight and food security . 
  what 's your proposal for that ? 
   same with spanish roads - for how many decades should we pay for them ? 
  what are we trying to achieve ? 
  a 45 millions of inhabitants country with more [ highways ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_road_network_size ) than france and germany and more [ high speed trains ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high-speed_rail_by_country#route_kilometers_existing_and_under_construction ) than france and germany ** together ** . 
   for example , areas in france/italy have been on the receiving end for rural development for 40 years . 
  obviously then , they have not developed why do you say that ? 
  the rural france is in a better situation than * never . 
  * but , do you want to concentrate everything in the cities ? 
  there are reasons for trying to distribute the development and the population in the territory instead of having everything in the big cities . 
  you 're being too arrogant . 
  btw , if you need a country where industrial reconversion and rural development funds have been misused you should use spain , no france . 
  and spain has not stop investing in roads because the eu paid part of the highways that we needed , instead of that spain has built more highways that we did n't need . 
  i have the feeling that you 're talking with more emotions than facts . 
  you can redistribute by taxing the poor and giving the money to the rich that would put you in the board of their companies . 
  bitching in internet . 
  i am living in sweden . 
  i find this amusing . 
  people that do n't know anything about spain talking like they know the solution to all the spanish problems . 
  and they ignore obvious and big problems and talk about problems that spain does n't have . 
  there is very inexperienced people here talking like they know everything . 
  i have done that before . 
  my personal advice is modesty and recognise that you do n't know all the facts and that you are n't an expert always . 
  but , i am not an expert in reddit . 
  maybe my opinion will be different in the future . 
  he is using the non-separatist flag . 
  [ these ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estelada ) are the separatist flags . 
  wait for the next election before saying something like that . 
   and what is the alternative ? 
  how many new metro lines does lisbon really need ? 
  or how much more can wind energy producers be subsidized ? 
  that 's a false dichotomy . 
  the alternatives are n't stupid projects or austerity . 
  btw , spain is trying to get another olympic games . 
  that after 3 years of austerity . 
  it does n't seem to change our politics . 
   the economy will rearrange itself to take utilize these resources the problems solve by themselves , i need to use this argument . 
  portugal is going to have a [ demographic crisis ] ( http://portuguese-american-journal.com/2012-birth-rate-negative-decreases-further-portugal/ ) that is going to be even worse than this . 
  a fertility rate of 1.32 and decreasing . 
  and less and less people will have children if the austerity continues . 
  almost nobody can afford private childcare and the public childcare is almost not existent . 
  and you are n't saying when the economy will rearrange itself or in what point of the development scale . 
  i have the feeling that the demographics problems , increasing poverty , unemployment , increasingly unskilled labour will make impossible avoid the bankruptcy unless the austerity is applied to levels to are hard to believe even now . 
  and if that 's done portugal will be in the same situation as romania in 10 years . 
  and the markets by themselves are n't free . 
  they tend to be dominated by cartels if there is n't state intervention to prevent abuses of dominant position and making easy creating companies . 
  you need legislation , and enforce that legislation for getting free markets . 
   these are the only other steps that can be taken , but even these steps require more austerity measures , without more austerity measures , the state will go bankrupt completely . 
  you need to explain how the austerity will avoid that . 
  portugal has made all the * structural reforms * that has been requested . 
  troika said and portugal did . 
  the salaries are 20 % lower and the taxes are 20 % higher . 
  and a lot of public services have lost employees . 
  the population is fleeding , the poverty rate is growing and the government is not doing anything for the people living in poverty . 
  how much extra austerity they need ? 
  the spanish informal economy is a 20 % of the gdp . 
  the rate was similar when we had a 8 % of unemployment . 
  a big percentage of that is in the hands of people with a job , official companies and retirees . 
  we are n # 1 again , yeah !, 
  i hope that greece is not hiding anything , they have n't updated their figures since march . 
  i wan to remember that two millions of unemployed persons [ do n't retrieve anything from the government . 
  ] ( http://www.murciatoday.com/34-of-spanish-unemployed-have-exhausted-their-right-to-unemployment-benefit_15806-a.html ) and they are unable to find a job , anyway . 
  and the rate is expected to increase a lot , most of the benefits expire or are reduced to 426 euros after two years . 
  i think that this can generate an interesting debate or something with the people that think that the unemployment is generated by the welfare and state protection . 
  who cares ? 
   think you 're overestimating intentions behind government 's actions . 
  there is not a single coherent policy in the entire croatian executive branch , except for the one defining objective which is to extract as much tax revenue as possible from the population in order to pay for the salaries of public sector officials . 
  now that you are going to get eu funds . 
  are you interested in some ghost airports ? 
  i think that your country has the right mindset . 
  it 's way more complicated . 
  and it involves plenty of corruption , two former presidents are in the board of the two biggest energy companies and they got a regulation that favours a lot of stupid things . 
  we also built massive amounts of combined cycle capacity .
