  temporary workers and day laborers are still prefered any way . 
  you can employ them only the hours that you need them . 
  temporary employment is becoming more prevalent after the labour markets reforms no less . 
  when you need and employee you call it sign a contract for the days that you need him and that 's about it . 
  [ some stats ] ( http://www.lasexta.com/noticias/economia/cuatro-cada-contratos-empleo-tienen-menos-mes-duracion_2013121000267.html ) * 25 % of the contracts last less than a week . 
  * 40 % less than a month * the mean duration of a contract is 59 days ( and the median should be lower ) and early firing and employee without reason cost less than a month of salary with a fixed duration contract of two years . 
  still employers do n't use that only hire for the short term need . 
  we should assume that the temporary employment is here for forever . 
  the recycling of the garbage makes a profit to the private concession that recycles the garbage . 
  valencia also fines and restricts the recycling of garbage for the company that does n't have the concession . 
  this is the reason of the fine . 
  recycling makes money . 
  this was public housing until it was sold . 
  that cheap rent was part of the welfare . 
  if they lose that they should get more money . 
  and nobody offers that . 
  i do n't understand why spain would want more real estate investment . 
  there is too much housing and office space already and still the prices are too high for our income levels . 
  he apologizes !!, 
  * `` yeah , we stole everything that was n't secured firmly . 
  sorry about that . 
  yeah , i lied you dozens of times but now believe me . 
  despite that all that money that has been found , the confession of the party treasurer and the fact that has proved the reform of the party headquarters was paid in black . 
  this time i am telling the truth . 
  '' * maybe , i am asking for too much . 
  i want them to retire from politics , give all the swiss account codes to the justice , confess all the crimes to the justice and then ask for forgiveness to the victims . 
  i am aware that as a young and angry with his country spaniard and being sort of left-leaning and identifying with the spanish republican values ( do n't confuse with the us republican ) i am like the stereotype of their target voter . 
  they already disappointed me with some things . 
  * hyper-leadership : all the party built around the learder pablo iglesias . 
  * the founding leaders were admirers and advisors of venezuela until two days ago : * pablo iglesias : former member of the youth of the communist party , former chair of the board of the left wing foundation ceps . 
  [ he has supported the venezuelan politics over an over ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u96s_8-8hig ) . 
  [ chavez is unbeatable already ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyjlr2l39r0 ) , the panegyric that he gave to hugo chavez . 
  * [ juan carlos monedero ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/juan_carlos_monedero ) : advisor of hugo ch\u00e1vez between 2005 and 2010 . 
  and clear defensor of the xxi century socialism . 
  * [ i\u00f1igo errejon ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%8d%c3%b1igo_errej%c3%b3n ) : current chair of the board of ceps , he was working for venezuela through the foundation until the day that he started to organize the campaign for the european elections . 
  * their electoral program for the eu elections was a funny christmas letter . 
  fromm the retirement to 60 years , to auditing the debt , to mandate for the ecb to fund stimulus policies for spain , declaring all the residential mortgage nonrecourse debt retroactively ... * they are also anti-transgenic . 
  for not very rational reasons , you can be anti-mosanto without being anti-transgenic . 
  * they oppose to independent regulators and defend that all the market regulators should be under democratic control . 
  direct by the people or the parliament at least . 
  * i am not so entusiastic about nationalizations and partisan regulators seen how the regional saving banks and bank of spain ( spanish banking regulator appointed by parliament ) worked . 
  * i am not exactly enthusiastic about anything in economic policies in their program . 
  however , i agree in how social services should work , many reforms in our political framework and a progressive fiscal system would be nice even if i do n't agree about their version . 
  i am going to vote to compromis probably , a social-democratic valencian nationalist party . 
  other than the nationalism is a better fit for me . 
  i am speaker of catalan but my main identity is spanish as you may guess . 
  but if they have the choice between podemos and our establishment i want them to support podemos . 
  i am tired of being ruled by criminals . 
  yes , [ another disappointment ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fjepvjn.jpg ), 
  corrupt politicians being arrested is always good news . 
  that the constant looting is not ending is bad news . 
  edit : somebody guilty let walk free due to a procedure error again ? 
  i do n't like podemos , but i am tired of being ruled by fucking criminals . 
  i want to get rid of this criminal infestation , that 's the most important for this country . 
  more than the economy , foreign policy . 
  i want a country that it 's not ruled by organized crime and a country ruled by pp and psoe is a country ruled by organized crime . 
   spain seems to be a great country to live in . 
  i 've always loved being in spain . 
  i have to disagree , but it 's nice for tourism . 
  but living in a country ruled by organized crime is overrated . 
   it strikes me that the valencian community is a particularly corrupt region - is there any truth to that or is it just a spate of recent high profile reporting ? 
  there is true . 
  there is high profile reporting because there is high profile corruption . 
  everywhere in spain the city halls hire irregularly , there is bribes around the public works and some low profile corruption like regional presidents hiring their children , or a personal chef like advisors . 
  the key is our extremely corrupt provincial councils and regional government . 
  two decades in the hands of the same people openly corrupt since the first day getting better electoral results election after election ( well they are in free fall now ) . 
  usually the city halls are the most corrupt administrations . 
  the guy that won the lottery 8 times , terra mitica , the city of the light , the formula one , the corrupt visit of the pope , the looting of the public tv with 1,200 employees that nobody knew that were doing , the highway to nowhere ( casinos , 2,800 inhabitants ) , ciegsa ( the mixed society for building public schools without applying the public works laws ) , the ivex affair , the new football stadium , brugal ( garbage picking in alicante ) , illegal funding of electoral campaign ... and i could continue hours . 
  we have had everything except the fraudulent collective employment regulations of andalusia , here people that never worked in a company got full pensions as part of the process , asking for it to valid and not valid employment regulations . 
  you can name it if there is been a corruption affair valencia has participated/leaded or had its own version ( except this one ) . 
  the last two decades the corruption has been spectacular and we have fallen from 105 % of the average gdp per capita to 90 % . 
  however , we have growth in population more than anybody ( thanks to the biggest construction bubble ) and we were around 100 % at 2007 . 
  we also have the highest regional debt as percentadge of the gdp . 
  edit : a point our local administration is more normal all the corruptest city halls are at andalusia or galicia . 
  with the provinces of cadiz and malaga . 
  from marbella to jerez including estepona ... 
  there is a big mess of illegal housing , illegal hotels , fake enterprises and rampant local corruption as anywhere else . 
  but a regional administrations we win/lose . 
  about federalization . 
  other than losing the capacity of suspending self-government nothing would change practically . 
  however , i think that it 's more important dealing with the provincial councils , they are the worse in our mess . 
  ok , actually fixing the joke that we call justice is more important, 
  madrid is not a city-region : - the [ community of madrid ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/community_of_madrid ) is an autonomous region within spain with 6.5 millions of inhabitants , includes a mountain range and rural areas . 
  - the [ municipality of madrid ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/madrid ) is a urban area with 3.2 millions of inhabitants . 
  all the region is a province also and the functions of the provincial council are asumed by the metropolitan government . 
  that 's about it . 
  all spain is divided in 17 autonomous regions and 50 provinces . 
  the provinces were created at 1833 and the autonomous regions between 1978 and 1983 . 
  the centralist would like to see the autonomous regions absorbed by the central government leaving only the provinces and some people like me would like to see the provinces be absorbed the autonomous region . 
  the provincial councils ( outside of basque country ) are city halls of city halls and their assembly is elected by the local councillors . 
  they are barelly audited and control the funding of the small city halls of rural areas were they control garbage picking and stuff . 
  it 's the most corrupt level of the administration , more than the local and regional administrations ( that follow next ) . 
  my region ( valencian community has three provincial councils . 
  [ the guy ] ( http://www.thelocal.es/20131025/the-politician-who-reinvented-the-rules ) who * won * the lottery 8 times and promoted a ghost airport was the president of the provincial council of castellon , as his father during the dictatorship . 
  the conservative government is reducing the power of city halls for increasing the power of provincial councils giving the control of the local funding that they distribute and use with more freedom than any other administration . 
  i do n't think that it 's anything strange to have a three levels administration like madrid . 
  municipal , regional and national . 
  the strange thing is the provincial councils but madrid does n't have one . 
  germany , sweden , switzerland and almost everybody works like that . 
  this guy is really powerful and well connected , he probable has leverage also over esperanza aguirre the pm of madrid until recently and still the regional president of the party that is still ruling the region and the country .
