  if you work for the government you are not going to be replaced by a college student doing an intership with a pay of 400 $ a fucking year . 
  or work with a contract for another position . 
  and the traditional tax evasion . 
   also , there is a lot of low-level corruption . 
  yes and there is a lot of high-level corruption also . 
  yes i know about our construction bubble . 
  and that cheap debt was needed by germany that needed it for the reunification expenses and the handle the ecb . 
  i was thinking about the goverment expending , the economy was going to shit that years . 
  but the goverment was not expending a lot . 
  spain 5 years ago had one of the lowest public debts of europe . 
  some local goverments expended a lot like the capital , or valencia regional goverment . 
  but the main problem of spain is the crappy private sector and the relation of the private monopolies with the goverment . 
  yes , are you surprised ? 
  we are the country of the homes without people and people without homes . 
  edit : fucking pigs . 
  i see the european union asking us to evict more people , paying less unemployment benefits , cut public health care , rise taxes to working class , lower taxes for corporations , less holidays days and more working hours and delay retirement age . 
  the eu is ruled by right-wing politics that do n't care about the lives that destroy if they friends become richer . 
  i supported the eu before , but not anymore . 
  if this is the price of the union i do n't want to pay it ,, 
  can you explain that ? 
  i would prefer that you talk about spain mainly . 
  five years ago we had less empty homes , this shit only started . 
  every day more people lose their home and more people leave the country . 
  that \u00a1 s greece , portugal did n't have a expansionary policy . 
  portugal stagnanted 20 years ago and has been dying slowly since then . 
  maybe spain matches also that definition , but not portugal . 
  and spain had a very low debt rate ( < 40 % gdp ) and some budget surplus before everything went to shit . 
  i would say that the real difference using ppp is like 100 % with scandinavia and usa , and a 50 % with germany . 
  at least for the foreign spanish workers . 
  the real expending is lower than five years . 
  check the inflation rate , please : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/inflation-cpi the public expending peaked three years ago . 
   that 's still hardly austerity . 
  austerity here is that and pay cuts . 
  that 's what politicians mean when they say austerity . 
  what do you call austerity ? 
  the prices at spain are higher than 5 years ago . 
  a constant budget means less real budget . 
  furthermore now the money goes to banks and debt ; education , health care , unemployment benefits ( but we have more unemployed ) , investment and r&d had really big budget cuts . 
  the goverment is going to keep pissing in the evicted people , the unemployed , and whoever expects them to be ashamed of the rampant corruption . 
  i would expecta lot of strikes , demostrations , social unrest ... 
  i had a job in spain as software developer and spain is not a place for a skilled worker either . 
  many spaniards have college education , but our economy was built around construction and tourism , then we have many qualified candidates for each job allowing businesses degraded working conditions . 
  if you speak english and have skills better move abroad . 
  spain is not bulgaria , but spain is going to be greece . 
  the richest region of the country is the basque country & navarre . 
  castilla is the england of spain . 
  spain was a personal union of different kingdoms before we got the current royal family . 
  [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nueva_planta_decrees] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nueva_planta_decrees ), 
  the crisis is over , welcome to the new normal . 
  what about beating them a little bit once in a while ? 
   detained for 48-hours without any chance to contact loved ones 72 hours here . 
   greece has to look around for allies in this situation and ask for their support what allies ? 
  that was within the expected , but in the lower side . 
  [ these were the expectations ] ( https://twitter.com/kikollan/status/646965130144673792 ) . 
  what are your opinions about spanish politics ? 
  this vote ? 
  the campaign has been terrible , and the party is terrible . 
  [ escucha esta entrevista de rajoy en la radio , con v\u00eddeo de simpson ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cz0g4jqdcvu ), 
  why sadly ? 
  there is right wing people that are going to vote a right wing , or center-right , party and i personally think that c 's is more respectable . 
  the pp has a moron as leader and it has been financed illegally 30 years at least ( counting ap and the naseiro affair ) . 
  that was mas is a manipulative demagogue . 
  [ hi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/francoist_concentration_camps )  inmates of these concentration camps were republican ex-combatants of the spanish republican army , spanish republican air force or the spanish republican navy , as well as political dissidents , homosexuals , and regular convicts . 
  from 1940 , the supervisor of these camps was the general camilo alonso vega . 
  the main function of the camps was to detain republican prisoners of war . 
  those who were regarded as `` unrecoverable '' were shot . 
  i am not sure that you can do that retroactively . 
   is there any will among the young people to join or make new political parties ? 
  making more new political parties feels pointless . 
  maybe a eu-sceptic right wing party that is not nazi . 
  there is syriza and potami if you want pro-memorandum and popular union if you are left-wing and want to leave the eu . 
  if you are pro-eu the measures that the greek government will take the next 3 years are already written and greece will need a 4th bailout to keep paying the 2nd bailout so the laws will keep coming from outside a long time , so it feels sort of pointless to have so many pro-eu parties . 
  i think that it is the combination and how the teachers look completely unhappy . 
  well you may get a lot of black people around . 
   will spanish die for baltics may happen , but most people does n't care and do n't understand why are supposed to have bad relations with russia . 
  most people thinks that what 's happening in ukraine is not our problem . 
  honestly most people would n't care if they are conquered by russians or something , but wo n't support either . 
  they are only some small countries that we are barely aware that exist . 
   or does anyone care for british-argentinian conflict over falklands ? 
  there is some people that supports argentina here , but most people does n't care . 
  honestly , i do n't think that it is needed . 
  if it is for getting something like nato , we already have nato . 
  and i do n't have more reasons to distrust us than germany or uk . 
  and if it is for something more i honestly i am too euroesceptic for the current existing eu , let 's not talk about something stronger . 
  i had bread with tomato , olive oil and jam for breakfast ; and orange juice of course . 
  no , if spain has anything to say . 
   what fundamentally changes to make them ineligible for eu membership after independence ? 
  that spain wo n't recognize their independence and it would veto even opening negotiations . 
  but the people that make the decisions that would make hard the things to those companies have ideologies . 
  actually because being unilateral independence without agreement with spain i would expect the opposite . 
   catalonia has no entirely distinct culture from the rest of spain . 
  every bit of spain has different cultures . 
  aragonese , andalusia , valencian , balearic ( this two very similar to catalan ) even within castille la rioja and la mancha have significant cultural differences . 
   maybe my frenchness biases me , we have plenty of regional diversity , not so much nowadays , your government has been doing everything it can to reduce it . 
  we always have french users remembering us how all regional lenguages died and nowadays everybody speaks parisian french . 
  or they can create incentives to put the houses in the market making more expensive for the banks to own homes that stay empty for long term . 
  it feels like a more logical solution and using the market instead of public money . 
  and i do n't feel like the city hall should be buying real estate if it is not for its usage . 
  if they want to increase the offer of housing in a country with plenty of empty houses this seems more logical . 
  spain has too much housing already .
