  but you need to pay if you want to fire without a reason . 
  if you can find a reason it can be cheap with the current labour market laws . 
  however , the employee will probably sue you if you do n't have a clear case . 
  we had to labour market reforms that mainly made cheaper to fire , added ways to lower the wages , added ways to replaces normal employees with internships , * young * contracts , and all that . 
  these days firing in spain is cheaper than ever since the republic . 
  it does n't seem to improve the economic situacion or the unemployment http://www.ine.es/en/prensa/epa_tabla_en.htm we made easier to fire and we got more layoffs ( surprising !, 
  ) , more evictions , lower wages , more bankruptcies , more homeless , less demand . 
  a mba student was the administrative assistant in my last company in spain , she was doing an intership formally and earning below the minimum wage . 
  some context : * basque country has the lowest unemployment http://i.imgur.com/vfdjf5k.jpg?1?8642 * the basque unions are stronger than the spanish unions * basque country and navrra are the richest regions of spain : [ the basque salaries are the highest of spain . ], 
  but we have right to work-like laws already !, 
  and the companies are fleeing anyways . 
   cut down employee protections to the minimum , take example from the right-to-work legislation from the us ... 
  this will have two causes , first it will make companies work more efficiently when they can fire inefficient or burdensome employees . 
  second it will make hiring much less riskier thus allowing companies to take more risks and hopefully grow faster . 
  this is is illegal at spain : * `` the extent to which an established union can require employees ' membership , payment of union dues , or fees as a condition of employment , either before or after hiring '' . 
  * we had two labour market reforms and now the salaries are lower than 5 years ago , the people does n't expend money even you have money . 
  the companies are replacing employment by internships . 
  millions of employees have been fired , it 's not so difficult fire . 
  and the companies treat the employees like shit already . 
  they ask you to work overtime without extra pay . 
  they hire you illegally . 
  i moved to sweden recently . 
  it 's way better . 
  i do n't know any country that treats the software developers like spain . 
  if people do not have a real salary who will consume products and services and invest ? 
   implement personal bankruptcy legislation , again take example from the us ... 
  this will make starting up of new business less riskier as entrepreneurs in case of failure are n't doomed for the rest of their lives to pay debts . 
  it 's going to be difficult the banks are against it . 
  i would like this . 
   cut down bureaucracy and streamline the rest of it with it , it 's better than 10 years ago other than municipal level . 
   make it easy to fire public employees we had that before . 
  when a new government got the power dozens of thousand of public employees and hired party members as teachers , polices officers . 
  and you could be fired for inspections to government supporters , there is a good book about this [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miau] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miau ) . 
  the politicians need to create companies owned by the government to hire party members nowadays . 
  that protects the essential services . 
   introduce efficiency programs to make sure that public employees perform ... reading these kinds of comments does n't help foreign investment nor spaniards themselves do anything . 
  swedish bureaucracy does not seem much better than the spanish . 
  [ edit ] the worse of the spanish bureaucracy are civil law notaries ( _ `` notarios '' _ and _ registradores de la propiedad '' ) . 
  they work as private businesses with something really similar to a oligopoly . 
  i am beginning to think that a war is the only way to stop the political class that is destroying spain . 
   the way out of this whole mess is again two fold . 
  first you need to create more business friendly environment , in short cut down and streamline bureaucratic , make it more easy for companies to grow , make it more easy to start new companies ... 
  details please . 
   the second is to re-educate the workforce for new skills ... 
  unfortunately this all can easily take 3-5 years before the economy start to grow again , and maybe a decade before it really return to pre-crisis level . 
  that 's not going to happen , the new government applied austerity to 40 % of the formal courses for unemployed , austerity also for the colleges ( raised the prices of college education ) , austerity also for scholarships , austerity also for mandatory education , and allowed regional governments to charge for vocational education . 
  the government will apply more austerity to the education system including mandatory education . 
  a lot of teachers wo n't work the next years . 
  the government asked for cuts in education to regional governments and allowed them to increase the number of students per class . 
  there are a lot of different minimum salaries for programmers , unions negotiate a collective agreement in a province for a sector . 
  and the government should enforce the agreement . 
  nice . 
  biggest european housing bubble here . 
  firing is cheaper than in germany . 
  and when the socialist government passed a law to fire cheaper the increase in unemployment accelerated . 
  and when conservatives did it again unemployment increased again . 
  if you make easier to fire with a 25 % unemployment you ( spain ) get a massive drop in wages , which depresses demand and increases in defaults and evictions . 
  then companies lay off more employees . 
  then the government gets : less income due to the higher unemployment and lower wages , and also mores expenses due to the increase in unemployment , homeless , poverty . 
  there are entire families living with grandparents living on their pensions . 
  * three million spaniards with permanent contracts have been fired . 
  firing seems to be imposible . 
  * [ homeless crisis hits spain 's educated elite ] ( http://www.thelocal.es/page/view/homeless-crisis-hits-spains-educated-elite ) * more empty homes http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1cocax/spains_empty_home_count_hits_new_high_3443365_137/ my former employer is using the new laws for replacing employees with internships . 
  they have 30 employees and 25 college students nowadays . 
  yeah !, 
  i was talking of taking a job in spain in illegal conditions , as almost everybody . 
  i was hired as an administrative assistant with a salary theoretically illegal for a programmer , but i was working as a programmer . 
  and then look for similar work in decent conditions abroad . 
  what 's your background ? 
  my advice/experience for software developers : get a fucking shitty job * at a spanish ( we have work still ) company and then start looking for work abroad . 
  * i mean the best job that you can find at spain , of course . 
  probably with poor wages and shitty working conditions . 
  as a spaniard who got a job as a developer in sweden . 
  thank you , 
  in spain the number of businesses created last year grew by 4 % in the number of bankrupt businesses grew by 19 % . 
  some spaniard think that all the bullshit about creating companies and being an entrepreneur is a scam to steal the savings of families who were not cheated with the housing bubble . 
  no one has money to invest , consumers are in debt and lower wages , the international market is difficult without knowing english . 
  a young person with no experience , no contacts , no financial cushion amid depressed markets that are destroying jobs . 
  usually ends badly . 
  television broadcast a program interesting about this : ( emperdedores ) [ http://www.lasexta.com/videos/salvados/2013-marzo-3-2013030300002.html] if you create a company you have to pay social security every month at spain . 
  the youth has to pay right now 50 $ ( since this year ) the six first months and then 180 $ . 
  the standard for an average self-employed person is 255 $ . 
  it is almost the same as a company has to pay by an employee paid the minimum wage . 
  the companies are using this for firing employees and replacing them by self-employed youth . 
  the only visible efect now is that the socil security is losing income and more people is getting debts and losing their homes . 
  it needs a  50 % for spain and greece . 
   nearly 2 million of the 6 million without work have been unemployed for more than two years and are no longer entitled to unemployment benefits http://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2013/02/04/spai-f04.html, 
  what social welfare ? 
  we are talking about spain . 
  we have over two millions of long term unemployed who retrieve no social benefit . 
  [ edit ] if you lose your home you are supposed to go back to live with your parents , even if you have your own children . 
  the immigrants ca n't do that usually . 
   the main failing of spain was to poorly regulate the banks , and the regional saving banks invested in a lot of crazy projects . 
   not liberalise the economy which is still to this day heavily regulated ( e.g. 
  chemists ) yes , spain example of the difference between * liberalize * and privatize ; we changed our public monopolies by private monopolies that are more expensive and have worse quality , but they hire retired politicians . 
  however , do not you see a problem in that more homes were built annually in spain than in france , germany and the uk together and the government does not intervene ? 
   and that for many the ideal thing to do is get a job with the government because those jobs are very secure . 
  the private sector is crappy and treats the employees like shit . 
  many businesses routinely break the law and the contracts with the clients and providers . 
  i am young but i have been working for a medium size spanish software company two years and i do n't remember how many laws the company breaks and most of the clients are worse .
