  it 's the only spanish union that has its focus in the jobless and temporary workers . 
  you should try to read [ their wikipedia page ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/sindicato_andaluz_de_trabajadores ) . 
  it 's in spanish , but there is only translation software . 
   what has got to do with the supermarkets ? 
  if the government is not supplying education for free , why should people be able to help themselves to free merchandise from the supermarkets ? 
  they should n't . 
  ok . what is the government going to do about that ? 
   asking for charity is much better than stealing !, 
  morally yes . 
  but , it has been less sucessful latelly . 
  and , it 's unfair . 
  why the rights of the poor should depend of the charity of the rich ? 
   people who can help might want to help if given a chance to do it . 
  but nobody likes things just being taken `` for redistribution '' ( oh yeah , i bet i can guess who helped themselves first to the loot ) . 
  who ? 
  it has been organized by an union . 
  all the material was stored in the vehicle of an union member . 
   if charity is omg embarassing ( pride is a rich people \u00b4 s thing btw ) then why not set up a boycott , or a strike or something ? 
  that has happened and more things . 
  54 of them occuped also public farm land and the police kicked out them . 
  las turquillas are 1.200 ha of unused farm land owned by the government . 
  it was used to raise cattle ( mostly horses ) for the army in the past . 
  we are talking about something more serious than embarassing . 
   this particular problem has a very easy solution for carrefour 's management : the closure of this hypermarket . 
  result : more people out of work , more poverty , less commerce . 
  i do n't think that they would like that , their profits are hundreds of millions in spain . 
  they would hurt themselves a lot with that . 
   do you want to create a real problem for the management of carrefour , without breaking the law ? 
  easy , create a bulk-buying cooperative for buying school supplies . 
  cut the intermediary , ensure jobs among producers , possibly earn some money to subsidize the school supplies of the poorest . 
  i do n't think that the objective is carrefour . 
  they attacked mercadona the last time . 
  it 's about social justice . 
  are you expecting that them solve the situation . 
  we are taliking about a small farm day laborers union ? 
  and should they apply your proposoal for food , houses , energy , water supply ? 
   the outcome of that is somalia , not sweden ... maybe . 
  it 's true anyway . 
  the laws do n't matter if the government does n't follow them . 
  maybe our elite prefers that path . 
   because ultimately ( and quite quickly , at the present pace ) , there wo n't be anything left to steal . 
   to quote my brother : `` the titanic is sinking , and they are fighting over the last pack of biscuits in the ship 's pantry . '', 
  you talk about the situation like spain does n't have almost economy . 
  but , spain has still officially [ $ 30,000 of gdp per capita in ppp . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp % 29_per_capita ) countries poorer than that are able to provide education to their kids . 
  however , we have a [ high income inequality . ], 
  ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/submitviewtableaction.do?dvsc=8 )  we need to create new things . 
  sanchez gordillo , the leader of that union and mayor of marinaleda the leader of the union is diego ca\u00f1amero . 
  you peep talk like there is a problem of lack of resources . 
  there is a problem of missallocation of resources . 
  there is still three millions and half of empty houses , spain is a net exporter of food , spain produces more energy than that can use or export . 
  public administration spent billions in unneeded projects and government is trying to get the olympic games . 
  i do n't buy that we are too poor to have public education . 
   i also want to remember everyone that the education system is decentralised so it is a public service ran by the andalucia government alone . 
  so , so . 
  the service is managed by the regional government , but the budget and the included services are partially decided by the central government . 
  govenment that cutted the allocated budget from the government ten billions . 
  [ link ] ( http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2012/04/09/actualidad/1333985643_619652.html ) the regional govenment has done a lot of bad things and it 's very corrupt . 
  but , central government has partial responsibility about this also . 
  i want to remember that this kind of problems are happening in most of spain , except navarra and basque country of course . 
   so it is not about taking stuff you ca n't afford but about damaging property , in fact , elite property or close to them . 
  so why do n't we start burning churches again ? 
  we are n't in that situation yet . 
  and this wants to focus the debate in the increasing problems that a lot of familes face to provide their children with the tools for their education . 
  that can happen of course , but the catholic church is n't the most hated thing in our society for the left wing anymore . 
  the modern equivalent would be burning the central offices of the santander group or bankia . 
  i want to remember everybody that the education is a public service and the government has the responsability of ensuring that everybody as access to it . 
  your proposal is giving up that and asking for charity . 
  that 's not a solution . 
   then raid a public building , not a supermarket . 
  i edit my previous reply because it is highly unlikely the anarchy thing will happen , and it felt stupid . 
  if you raid the public building you are damaging your own property and the government does n't care about the public services . 
  you need to raid something that matters for the elite like a profitable business . 
   what if it was your business ? 
  seriously question , what did the supermarket do wrong to those people they deserve to be robbed ? 
  if it was my business i would be more concerned about the broken social peace and the pr problems that the situation can generate if i go to court than about $ 2,000 in school material . 
  furthermore , [ carrefour had a profit of 902 millions of euros ] ( http://es.noticias.yahoo.com/carrefour-logra-beneficio-semestral-902-millones-euros-073720308.html ) . 
  in fact , they are more concerned about that carrefour has n't reported the raid . 
  however , government has sent the police , because they have a confrontation with the union that is connected with iu ( united left ) . 
  do you remember when they tried to farm public land in las turquillas ? 
   i need a new glasses should i multiopticas for them ? 
  i ca n't pay for them right now . 
  you should do something about that . 
  you should n't let the situation rot . 
   edit . 
  multiple edits because apparently i do n't remember basic grammar :( me either . 
   this is a bad thing . 
  doing bad things does n't compensate others doing bad things . 
  it is that simple , i do n't understand why they should care about that . 
  there is a problem , they do n't care about that problem . 
  let 's generate problems that they consider important . 
  not everything is black or white . 
   if we as society does n't understand it we may trash all the laws and let 's anarchy reign . 
  the laws do n't matter if the government does n't follow them and tries to protect their supporter from the law . 
  it 's a farm day laborers union . 
  and the leader of the union leaded and organized the act personally , i support this actions . 
  well-off people , businesses and government need to understand that if they want social peace they need to help people living in poverty . 
  they ca n't throw more and more people to poverty and expect that the social peace to survive . 
  edit : it 's not like there are other options . 
  do you have any sugestion ?
