  i would rather call them * luxury seekers claiming asylum * , but whatever . 
  if you want to quibble , ok , when they entered germany and until they officialy asked for asylum , they were illegal imigrants and for the whole time when they were travelling through all the eu countries for the luxury without asking for asylum , they were also illegal immigrants . 
  right in you comment is pretty clearly showed why your comparison is retarded . 
  i 'm wondering whether you can see it . 
  another thing that matters a lot is what kind of immigrants it is . 
  it 's pretty easy to integrate educated immigrants from europe having the same values like you . 
  it 's impossible to do the same thing with millions of uneducated people who do n't respect the very basics of your culture . 
  because they are smart and they have stupid europe that will do it anyway . 
  they illegaly entered eu . 
  and majority of them are not refugees , according to every available statistic , including eu sources . 
  so calling them illegal immigrants is way more accurate than refugees . 
  another thing is that the refugees were refugees when they entered greece , italy or hungary . 
  in the moment when they are entering germany or sweden they are just luxury seekers . 
  not really . 
  antisemitism is really low in czechia , there is longterm widespread support for israel among politician ( czechia is the only eu country that did n't recognize palestine as a state ) and also among general public . 
  the biggest anti-immigration organization is strongly supportive of jews . 
  i 'm sorry to let you down , but no one is gon na go after jews here . 
  that 's what muslims do . 
  you got it right , and it 's all / u/ajaume _ 2 's fault !, 
  not only because of that . 
  in general they are very grateful and despite their culture being totaly different to our culture , they accept that they are guests here and that they have to adapt and not the other way around . 
  in second generation vietnamese are basicaly czechs , they lead their children to accept the culture and they are not brainwashed by some stupid religious rules that prevent them from integration . 
  they are altoghether complete opposite of muslims . 
  not sure if serious , it 's hard to tell these days, 
  it 's estimated that 800 000 illegal immigrants will arive just to germany this year . 
  the total count for eu will be 1m + per year and there is no end to it . 
  the more we will accept the more will come . 
  there are hundreds of millions ready to come ... 
  not really , czechia was hardly touched for instance . 
  and not everyone managed to achieve what germany did . 
  you only built from ruins the most powerful economy in europe . 
  nope , nothing to be proud of . 
  this attitude will destroy europe , and it 's already happening . 
  you are the one who started pointing out historical collective reponsibility of other country . 
  good for you . 
  how many immigrants autralia is taking ? 
  what 's un 's opinion on it ? 
  i 'm sorry , there is so much nonsense in the article that i 'm exhausted just by the idea that i should refute all of it one by one . 
  you can find jan culik on wiki , there is written he is the founder of `` britske listy . '', 
  i have no way how to prove to you that britske listy are pro-putin communist website . 
  if i translated one article , it would mean nothing , because it could be obviously just an exception and i 'm not gon na translate more ( or even that one , lol ) . 
  just a few points . 
  czechs actualy have no problem with vietnamese immigrants , who have very different culture , and we have quite a lot of them . 
  it 's not about racism , it 's about muslims , we do n't want here muslims , no one cares about their race . 
  the remarks about `` brownies '' are actually quite rare even in the worst internet discussions , making it look like it 's majority opinion is lie . 
  the biggest anti-immigration organization is called `` we do n't want islam in the czech republic '' . 
  they are very anti-racism , they support vietnamese and even gypsies . 
  his description of how immigrants are handled are ridiculous . 
  we just follow the czech law and eu law . 
  we have to catch them and send them back . 
  the conditions for them are good , they were rioting because they wanted to germany , but we could n't let them go , that would be against eu law and germany would be pissed at us . 
  our president did n't say to all immigrants that `` no one has invited you '' just like that . 
  after the riots , when immigration center was demolished by immigrants , he just said that everyone including immigrants have to follow the law and if they do n't like it , they should n't come here . 
  he was n't advocating more force , that 's bullshit . 
  nothing happened to those immigrants . 
  the immigration center has now actually troubles to find employees , because the current ones left due to agressivity of immigrants and no one wants the job . 
  his description of current political and media climate is so simplistic that it 's ridiculous . 
  the funny thing is that he does n't even live in the czech republic , but in uk ( that 's why his news site is literaly called `` british newspaper '' ) . 
  90 % of media are like in the west , pro-immigration , although they are slightly less politically correct , so they still run a factual article from time to time that make immigrants look bad . 
  i do n't know about any relevant politician tha would be racist , our pm and current leders of the biggest goverment party are actualy typical leftist neomarxists who support immigration ( recentely they were pushing for gender quotas in politics and also in business ... ) , they are just rather quite about that because that 's not majority opinion even in their own party , and any open support for it would cost them seats . 
  but there is not fearmongering from politicians . 
  he is using random comments from internet to make a point . 
  this speaks volumes . 
  i 'm like in half of the nonsense , but i 'm not continuing . 
  because that region is in war ? 
  do you really feel smart when you ask these ridiculous questions ? 
  do you think that all islamists are ready to happily die and do n't fear about their lifes ? 
  an australian is lecturing poland about hypocrisy in a discussion about immigration . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/11815293/german-border-control-plans-raise-hopes-for-eu-reform.html bam !, 
  i 'm sorry , but this has already been proven to not be true . 
  you as a french should know better . 
  70 % of your prisoners are muslims while they make only 10 % of french population in total . 
  it is true that the first generation of muslim immigrants is mostly grateful and do n't make much problems . 
  the problems actually come with the next generations , who are thaught fundamentalism and anti-western believes by their muslim parents , but since they have never experienced the poor conditions of their original countries , they totaly lack gratitude . 
  so you have new generation that is actually more fundamentalist than their parents without any gratitude . 
  and it gets only worse overtime . 
  so no , integration is not possible , france , sweden or britain is proof of that . 
  you did n't come up with working integration process for 3 generations . 
  it 's clear to say that integration of muslims simply does n't work . 
  i 'm not sure , but was n't it around the time when campaign for collecting pet bottle caps to help ill czech children were in media ? 
  it could be caused by the sentiment that is quite common that our state has enough money to help immigrants , but do n't have enough money to help czech children ... 
  you not only can take that into consideration , you also should !, 
  the purpose of state is to protect its citizens , not to save the world . 
  if a state is willing to import thousands of rapists , then it does n't do its job . 
  oh common , marijuana dealers are liked . 
  xd of course there are some people against vietnamese , but it 's marginal compared to the muslim immigrants . 
  and if we take into consideration the current biggest anti-immigration organization - ivcrn - it 's solely about muslims . 
  they are strongly against racism and they have positive attitude to vietnamese or even gypsies . 
  hell , they even organized help for jezidi people and sent them trucks with supplies and support accepting christian and atheist immigrants . 
  that poll says nothing about actual capability of germany to handle the immigration crisis . 
  it just says that people think that germany is capable of handling 800 000 immigrants . 
  and i agree with that . 
  however , germany wo n't be capable to handle it if the number will be rising year after year , that 's a matter of fact . 
  in the czech republic minisitry of defense is actually already prepared for germany closing the borders . 
  yes it will . 
  800 000 immigrants per year would make germany colaps . 
  it 's just matter of time until all eu countries will close their borders . 
  this is not true . 
  czechs do n't want muslim immigrants .
