  maximalize help to migrants outside the eu . 
  this argument really makes my blood boil , it 's very common and very stupid . 
  `` why are you so against immigration when you do n't have any muslims yet ? 
  there is no issue ! '', 
  smart person tries to avoid problems , not ignore them until they are unsustainable . 
  people in sweden and other countries were calm and not `` crazy '' when mass immigration started there , and now they have granade atacks in their cities , ghettos everywhere and extremist party is leading in polls . 
  is this the time when you approve people going crazy ? 
  do n't you think it is too late ? 
  if you do n't want muslim immigrants , time to protest and go crazy is exactly when there are none , to make sure it will stay that way . 
  going crazy after they make 10 % of population is pointless . 
  its easy to tell whether someone is muslim . 
  just offer them pork or make them draw mohamed . 
  not all fairy tales are the same . 
  there are crazy fairy tales and then there evil and dangerous fairy tales . 
  when you have to choose one , only an idiot would take the dangerous one . 
  i can tell you this , people would change 1 % gdp per year for not getting muslim immigrants in a hearthbeat . 
  maybe there is still hope for sweden . 
  consequences will never be the same, 
  i 'm literally in tears , pls stop . 
  pls no bully, 
  not everything that russia says is wrong though . 
  russia is as much hypocritical as the other guy , but it 's true that no one in unsc is clean . 
  un is a joke organization and stronger dog fucks . 
  are you suggesting that it 's only russia who is operating from the position of power on international field ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  help !, 
  racism !, 
  someone call the mods !, 
  yeah sure , i understand that with false equivalence , irelevant remarks and factually incorrect lectures you can go only this far . 
  at least you learned today what `` immigrant '' means . 
   so , the problem is once again about immigrants in general and muslim immigrants , despite the fact that not all immigrants and not even all refugees are muslim and no one has mentioned them . 
  you do n't seem very credible if you do n't even know what is the question . 
  it 's always hilarious when someone come up with this . 
  you just hate muslims !, 
  not all immigrants are muslims ! '', 
  yeah , not all , only 90 + % . 
  such a difference !, 
  yeah , i 'm not gon na play stupid games of political corectness . 
  90 % of imigrants are muslims and muslims are those who cause the biggest troubles . 
  deal with it . 
   first of all , we are talking about asylum seekers here , not immigrants . 
  refugees are by their definition temporary , at least in my country , which means you do n't have to worry about their cultural compatibility . 
  `` immigrant '' is a broad term for anyone who is moving into a country to which they are not native . 
  do n't lecture people when you do n't know shit . 
  an asylum seeker is also immigrant by definition . 
  another thing is that being asylum seeker does n't make you automaticaly refugee , as you seem to suggest . 
  and majority of the asylum seekers actually are not refugees . 
  and the last thing - majority of immigrants who are not granted asylum is not deported , so they stay in the country to live there . 
  and even the idea that those who are granted asylum will leave after 10 or 20 years is pure stupidity . 
  they will stay , legaly or illegaly . 
   secondly , ee immigrants being easier to assimilate is wishful thinking , which is true today but it definitely was n't when that immigration began . 
  ee immigrants were pretty much the muslim of the '90s . 
  oh please , tell me about ee ghettos , about ee enforcing their own legal szstem in we countries , about ee terrorist attacks , about demands of ee to change we culture to not offend them . 
  what a bullshit lie . 
  if general population was n't in favor of it , it 's their fault they did n't showed their will clearly to their politicians . 
  ee now does that so people wo n't end up like uk people . 
  then 99 % of countries would have to leave un . 
  members of unsc among the first ones . 
  good luck . 
  international law has always meant stronger dog fucks , it 's nothing more than that . 
  no , it 's not hypocrisy , it 's just you using incredible false equivalence . 
  no one forced you to took the immigrants . 
  the fact that you decided to accept them does n't bind the people who did n't emigrate and stayed in their countries to accept immigrants from different continents . 
  it was uncomparably harder to get asylum for ee migrants than it is for todays migrants . 
  if you did n't have papers , no one talked to you and you were sent back immidiately . 
  the numbers are uncomparable . 
  there are more african immigrants in years than there were ee migrants in decades . 
  completely uncomparable cultural compatibility . 
  ee immigrants will easily asimilate , do n't create getthos and in second generation they are fully integrated citizens . 
  this does n't apply on muslim immigrants , not even in the third generation . 
  ee immigrants are economicaly profitable , unlike immigrants from outside eu , with way less criminality and demands on native population . 
  it 's not about recieving and not giving , it 's about following the rules . 
  no one signed for mass immigration . 
  ee follows the rules and is ready to give according to rules we signed , not becaus some countries decided they want to make serious ad hoc changes . 
  if italy , germany , sweden and others love immigrants so much and want to save the whole world , they got ta do it themselves , they have no right to drag other countries into their madness . 
  sweden should be expeled from shengen zone . 
  they are free to destroy their country as they wish , but their immigration policy also puts in danger all eu countries that have open borders with them and this should be reflected . 
  you know who gives a fuck about un ? 
  no one . 
  literaly no one . 
  that organization is one big joke . 
  izraelis know how to defend their country . 
  we should learn from them . 
  even germans today believe that hitler was a german ? 
  damn , those austrians are really good at pr . 
  eu did n't save greece , eu just delayed the bankupcy and prolonged the pain . 
  so eu might do the same thing to finland , but definitely wo n't save it . 
  iraq bombing had nothing to do with religion . 
  and sharia is very special and brutal case of `` comon law '' , nothing like that is in christianity . 
  thanks , my bad, 
  [ anti-imigration groups in the czech republic `` we do not want islam in the czech republic '' and the `` bloc against islam '' installed statues of stoned women in prague to defend womens rights and warn against barbarism of islam . 
  ] ( http://www.ceskenoviny.cz/zpravy/statues-of-stoned-women-are-in-prague-in-protest-against-islam/1246875 ), 
  the problem is that not only people who lead it are straigh out of middle ages ... 
  it would be nice , the problem is that if there was suddenly a balanced budget , we would n't be up 4,4 % . 
  and considering that our debt is still pretty low ( at least compared to eu countries ) , there is no reason for drastical cuts , it would be actually very stupid thing to do . 
  important is trend of decreasing the debt , which is happening . 
  you are a living proof of that . 
  if it was n't communist hivemind , you would have been bankrupt and kicked out of eurozone 5 years ago . 
   stalin was worse than hitler even by body count . 
  a maoist was president of the european commission for 10 fucking years .
