  they also came poor and uneducated , from completely different and sort of patriarchal culture ( although not as bad as islamic ) , yet there are almost no problems with them . 
  they are grateful for the opportunity they got , they work hard and second generation of them are already 100 % czechs . 
  that is unthinkable with muslims . 
  you have countries like austria which does everything they can for helping imigrants , and yet muslims are making turkish party in vienna , because even after generations , they still feel more like turks !, 
  in super progressive sweden a gay parade leading through muslim neighborhood is considered provocation !, 
  have you seen a football match of france against algeria and who are the fourh generation of french muslims cheering for ? 
  i stand by my statement that not a single country succeded with integration of muslims , and it was n't because of lack of trying . 
  of course it does n't mean there are no integrated muslims at all . 
  oh yeah , i 'm sure that usa and uk lying about iraq nuclear weapons so they can invade it make responsible the whole west . 
  these bullshit claims about responsibility are ridiculous . 
  `` few countries in the west made something that theoreticaly might have caused the current imigration crisis , so it means that all other countries in the west have to take responsibility for it because ... just because !, 
  white guilt and everything ! '', 
  change of asylum law so those who recieved asylum ca n't automaticly get asylum for their whole family . 
  it 's nothing special that by granting asylum to one guy , you are basicaly granting it to 10 other people , which is simply unsustainable . 
  turkey does n't grant the refugees asylum , they just keep them at borders in camps and wo n't actually let them to live in turkey . 
  comparing this with eu where they are getting social benefits , every right possible and where they can stay forever and live like anyone else is disingenious . 
  and suggesting that it is not even crisis for europe and that it 's not that bad is simply ridiculous . 
  we are speaking about hundreds of thousands of people every year , we are speaking about people who mostly hate western culture , who are very poorly educated and who are historicaly proven to not be willing to integrate into the european society . 
  not a single european country has been succesful with integration of muslim imigrants , and we are speaking about generations of them . 
  now these numbers multiply by 3 at least , because once they got asylum , they will claim it also for their families ( 70 % of imigrants are men ... they come first for the asylum and later bring their whole families and also `` families '' , it 's good business ) . 
  now if the eu did what all the pseudohumanists want , i.e. 
  accept everyone and be open to accepting imigrants , setting some automatical mechanism of redistribution and these sort of things , the wave of imigration would rise exponentionaly , because it would asure even more people that europe will accept them . 
  we are speaking about millions of people in a few years . 
  the crisis is very real . 
  i also do n't agree with your white guilt , you can keep it for yourself and your nation and do n't project it onto others . 
  what countries in eu are actually influential enough to have an impact on these events ? 
  germany , uk , france ? 
  who else ? 
  i do n't think there is anyone else , my mini-country with our worthless politicans did n't start the arab spring or iraq war . 
  and that applies on the vast majority of eu countries , i 'm not responsible for other goverements just because i share a skin color with them . 
  and even blaming the influencial countries is a stretch , they are not the ones who made the mess there , it was the people living there . 
  it was ticking bomb and it was only matter of time until it would blow up , eu is not responsible for the fact that in the middle east and africa everyone wants to kill each other , that 's just their thing . 
  your idea of `` liberal , humanistic consciences of europe '' is a fake one . 
  it 's simply not possible to take care of the whole world . 
  you either take care of one group of people or you take care of another group of people , there is no way you can save everyone . 
  eu countries are n't able to take care of their own poorest citizens , there is aboslutely nothing humanistic or liberal about giving money to people from different countries instead of your own citizens , there will be always someone who will stay fucked . 
  the result of open eu borders and the end of european ramparts would n't be more saved people , it would be just different people saved on the expense of own citizens . 
  that 's not humanism , that 's stupidity . 
  even if eu accepted millions of imigrants every year , the population of africa would be still rising , the problem would n't be solve at all , millions of people in those shitholes would still live like shit , the only difference would be that even people in europe would start to live like shit . 
  oh and i forgot , there would be also another difference , upper middle-class liberals living in their rich neighborhoods far away from any imigrants would feel incredibely good and righteous about themselves and they would feel like such good humanists and proponents of european values , while quickly increasing number of other citizens would be getting below poverty line and enjoying the new wave of criminality . 
  someone got ta pay for it , but at least liberals can feel good about saving the world !, 
  these smelly people oposing imigration were racists anyway . 
  when it comes to sharia law and anti-semitism , they are actually quite homogenous . 
  chairman of czech muslim community muneeb hassan alrawi preaches anti-semitism , tells the muslim comunity to `` teach their children to hate nonbelievers '' and condone stoning . 
  chairman of czech muslim union ( different one ) mohamed abbas says sharia is good for women . 
  organizator of the recent protests `` against xenophobia '' romana cervenkova supports sharia law and death sentence for homosexuals . 
  quite an interesting bunch of leaders , for such a small and peacful community , are n't they ? 
  downplaying the problems wo n't make them go away . 
  no-go zones in sweden and france are real . 
  you can go relax there . 
  ignorace ? 
  oh yeah , i 'm sure that all these people in tunisia and turkey died recently just out of ignorance . 
  i would say that your arguments you told that woman were actually ignorant . 
  even in the czech republic lives thousands of muslims , in the whole shengen zone it 's millions , nothing prevent them to go anywhere they want . 
  44 % of them are fundamentalists , 65 % of them prefer their religious rules over the laws of the country their live in . 
  i do n't agree that being cautious about millions of people who support sharia law is ignorance . 
  good riddance, 
  i can say for 100 % that you have never lived next to a gypsy neighbourhood . 
  while it is true that big coruption will do more damage overall , you ca n't live next to a corruption , you ca n't see corruption , however , you perceive your surrounding and your housing quite strongly . 
  if you are afraid to go out at night , you ca n't sleep because of all the mess they do and evrything around your house that is n't chained is stolen , you will see these things quite differently . 
  we know how to take our drugs . 
  and i thought you already started to prepare the infrastructure ... :d https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3e1je6/germany_will_put_27_billion_in_roads_transport/, 
  historical experience, 
  yes , i hate those dirty czechs . 
  they attacked america without any reason , they should be bombed !, 
  good decision , the sooner countries refuse these retarded plans the sooner someone will come up with some real solution . 
  even if they took 10 times more , it would n't change a thing considering how many people are coming to europe every day . 
  accepting these ilegal imigrants will only encourage more imigrants to come . 
  you are risking serious harm by using london underground too . 
  haha , you ca n't be serious . 
  nothing you posted proves those countries to not be safe enough for asylum seekers , they are well within the legal definiton . 
  claiming that countries like isreal and saudi arabia are not safe countries for asylum seekers by the legal definiton is fucking hilarious . 
  i knew i do n't speak with a reasonable person , but holy shit , you have absolutely no clue what you are talking about . 
  the fact that your goverment advices tourists to not go there means jack shit . 
  edit : saudi arabia is for example only 20 places behind greece in global peace index , tunisia and jordan only 10 places !!, 
  you have no fucking clue . 
  you are ignoring all other imigrants , vast majority of them are not refugees and they are not included in this statistic . 
  even vast majority of current imigration wave are not refugees , but economical migrants . 
  yes they are safe according to the legal definition . 
  your interpretation would mean the whole african continent would have right for asylum in europe . 
  rofl , algeria , tunisia , egypt are all safe . 
  isreal , lebanon , saudi arabi , turkey in the middle east ae also all safe . 
  most of those refugees went through one or two safe countries before they got to eu . 
   of course you do . 
  that 's what asylum is , you ask a state to grant you asylum explaining what you are running from and why that state is the best option . 
  if the state agrees , you are granted asylum . 
  this is not `` economic migration '' . 
  this is how asylum does ( and is supposed to ) work . 
  not really , there is something called `` first safe country '' rule , which means that a refugee has to ask for asylum in the first safe country he entered on his run . 
  if he asks for asylum in another country , he does n't have right to get it . 
  dunno man , you tell me . 
  does visa have legs , will visa take those children through a war zone and defend them on the way out ? 
  is visa gon na feed them ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ only ^ ^ ^ ^ mastercard ^ ^ ^ ^ can ^ ^ ^ ^ do ^ ^ ^ ^ that . 
  if you can find safety in north african countries , then you have to stay there , you do n't get to pick and choose which country you want to get asylum in based on how good social system they have . 
  that 's economical migration . 
  visa wo n't help your children to survive in a war zone and it wo n't help them to actually get out of there either . 
  your idea is naive . 
  what is it supposed to mean `` dangerous country '' ? 
  you can say that basicaly about every african country even in time of peace .
