  no one has problem with vietnamese immigrants for instance . 
  only very little from the article is true , especially the racism bullshit is total nonsense . 
  majority owner of parlamenti listy is senator ivo valenta . 
  not if they protected their borders as they are supposed to do . 
  you are ignoring the most important thing . 
  we are not speaking about individuals , we are speaking about hundreds of thousands and millions in the following years . 
  we are speaking about millions systematicly imported canibals . 
  and it 's you who comes with the crime scenario . 
  i did n't speak about crime , i spoke about culture . 
  for democracy for example you need democrats in order to make it work . 
  those canibals do n't have to be dangerous for our society only by criminality , but also by their values . 
  it 's about paradox of being tolerant of intolerance . 
  this is happening all over the western europe . 
  yeah , because importing millions of people with absolutely oposite values and believes who mosty despise your culture is not gon na destroy your culture . 
  wtf ? 
  i know you are criminal !, 
  now you are going to be arrest !!, 
  do you really think that this is how it works ?? 
  what a bullshit argument . 
  you have to make a crime to be arrested . 
  canibal wo n't eat you when he needs help from you . 
  he will eat you only after you helped him , when he is safe . 
  only after that you can arrest him . 
  and then it will be too late , because someone already died . 
  of course , the dead person wo n't be upper-middle class pseudohumanist living in fancy city quarter lecturing everyone how we need to save all canibals no matter what and that everyone who opose it is racist . 
  it will be someone poor living in suburbs with cheap housing , where all canibals where moved . 
  and so the lecturing wo n't end no matter how many people will be eaten by canibals . 
  until it will affect upper-middle class pseudohumanists . 
  this is not racism , `` french '' is not a race . 
  deal with it , you are redefining word to the point its becoming a joke . 
  another ridiculously stupid argument . 
  germany ca n't accept all the immigrants . 
  there are going to be 800 000 immigrants in germany just this year !!, 
  it 's only matter of time until germany will close the borders . 
  they already threaten us with that . 
  then immigrants will be taking any other country . 
  you neomarxists are incredibly ignorant people . 
  imagine you have a group of canibals that need help . 
  you know they need help right now , but you also know that after you will help them , they wo n't stop eating people and they will eat you at first opportunity . 
  is culture still not relevant for decison whether you help to a group of canibals ? 
  if the help you are supposed to offer is destructive for you , you must make a decision . 
  either you or them . 
  the help is not without a cost , and sometimes the cost is too much . 
  estimations say there is going to be 1 000 000 immigrants in eu this year . 
  it is huge issue and the fact that right now they are not in the czech republic does n't mean we should just accept more and more until it will be too late . 
  the idea that you should care about things only when they become a problem for you is aboslutely ridiculous . 
  you should prevent problems , not wait until they get unsustainable . 
  this is the reason why people dont care whether they are called racists or xenophobes anymore . 
  its lost all its meaning . 
  its not fear mongering , its common sense . 
  and accepting unlimited number of illegal immigrants is not fixing the problem at all . 
  the guy who wrote the article is crazy communist , half of the things in the article is lie . 
  this is lie , easiely proven . 
  no one cares about their colourr of skin , its all about islam . 
  no one wants here white islamists either . 
  and on the other hand no one has a problem with vietnamese immigrants . 
  its not about colour of skin at all . 
  the article is written by hardcore communist running leftwing propagandist website `` britske listy '' . 
  it is very similar to `` parlamenti listy '' that he despises so much , but parlamentni listy publishes extremist rightwing and also extremist left wing opinions , but britske listy just extremist left wing . 
  the article is mostly lies , misinformation , exegeration in some things and omission in other things . 
  the most funny thing is that he criticises czech state for doing their duty and following dublin protocol - catching illegal immigrants and deporting them back to original countries they entered eu . 
  if everyone did that , germany wouldnt have 800 000 immigrant this year . 
  germany even threaten us that they will close borders , so we just do our duty as all eu members should . 
  insane self-destructive immigration policy and problems related to that . 
  if you want more detailed answer , ask voters of ( according to op ) the biggest swedish party . 
  unless you think that 20 % of swedes turned into racist overnight , they must have good reason why they vote the `` extremist '' party . 
  help !, 
  racism !, 
  mods !, 
  mods !, 
  the funny thing is though that my name was n't meant to say i 'm a slav , i did n't realize it means that when i created the account . 
  : x in czech it means somethig different , my username is n't in english . 
   a job advert seeking clean-up services for a gabcikovo hostel my sides, 
  yes it 's true , i have no obligation to help them , this is not what we signed for . 
  stop with this guilt tripping , it 's greece and italy who is not following the eu rules and dublin protocols , not czechia . 
  they refuse the real solutions , they did n't come up with real solutions , relocating thousands of immigrants when hundreds of thousands are coming is just stupidy and not solving of anything . 
  they are the one who wants to shift their problems to someone else and not to actually solve it . 
  it 's also interesting that it 's only italy and greece that is all over the news whining and threatening , while hungary with very similar numbers of immigrants actually do their duty and catch the immigrants on their soil , while italy and greece are letting them go . 
  1500 can easily mean 10 000 , because they will bring their families and families of their families . 
  it 's not about this particular number , it 's about the principle . 
  anyone who is n't totaly braindead idiot knows that the 1500 is just a beginning and testing the grounds . 
  just germany expects 800 000 immigrants this year , that means there will be more than 1 million immigrants to eu this year . 
  if we accepted 1500 without protesting , there would be 50 000 next time , otherwise there would be no reason to push for quotas . 
  i 'm all for discussion about actual solutions and not about quotas . 
  it 's eu who ca n't come up with anything else than quotas . 
  i can refuse the 1500 immigrants and talk about systematic solution at the same time . 
  and the only solution is autralian way . 
  there is no other way how to stop immigration and how to not have eu collapsed . 
  there are hundreds of millions of people in africa ready to migrate . 
  the more we will accept , the more will come . 
  it 's easy calculation . 
  i can even give you detail how it needs to be solved . 
  this will actually happen , the question is whether it will be soon enough 1 . 
  make a deal with some african country to accept immigrants or to let eu to create a zone for imigrants on their soil . 
  deport every illegal immigrant that steps on eu soil to that country and then start asylum process with them . 
  revise outdated asylum treaties that are simply not sustainable for todays world and number of immigrants . 
  italians have to stop saving the boats and wroking as a taxi for immigrants used by smuglers . 
  strengthening all outer shengen borders . 
  lower social benefits for immigrants to make yourself less apealing . 
  start huge media campaing in africa to discourage africans from going to europe .
