exactly , there should be tests of religious extremism like this . 
  if you are gon na go crazy because someone ripped a page from a fucking book , you should be immediately deported , even to a war zone for all i care , otherwise such people will bring war to europe . 
  it will actually do the oposite , because shengen members with outer bordeds will have certainity that immigrants wo n't end up in their country and will be redistributed elswhere no matter how many they will let in . 
  there is no problem with `` border co-operation '' within shengel zone , because there are no fucking borders . 
  and having automatic mechanism will also encourage more immigrants , because it will only ensure them even more that they will get asylum . 
  and i have no idea wich benefits you are talking about . 
  if you mean eu funds , no one gives a fuck about them , it 's black hole for corruption anyway and it destroys free market . 
  not having immigrants is a lot more beneficial in the long term than some stupid eu funds . 
  brain and math, 
  10\u00a0000\u00a0000 unarmed immigrants will easily destroy economy of germany . 
  so yea , defend against them . 
  of course , that 's why we need actual solution how to stop them , and not just redistribution system . 
  richer countries wo n't stay rich if they wo n't defend themselves . 
  what a fucking incompetent clown . 
  so many words and yet not a single sentence about actual solution . 
  automatical redistribution of immigrants is not a solution , it will only cause that more immigrants will come . 
  what is he going to do when there wo n't be 1 million of immigrants per year , but 5 millions ? 
  just redistribute them and keep talking how privileged we are and how it is our duty to save the whole world ? 
  yeah , it 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  they are crticisize europe that is saving hudnreds of thousnds of people for `` bad '' wording , while their owners do n't accept anyone and happily let them die . 
  and then you have neomarxists cheering to this nonsense . 
  uk hates eu more than russia ? 
  only if there was a demand for such specialization . 
  i do n't know how hard it is to get university degree in mexico , but inhere it does n't mean much and it definitely does n't make you high-skilled worker on its own . 
  yes , it applies to the last dot . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  it is probably true about cssd , mainly because the neomarxist wing is in charge right now , but ano mep 's were actually the only czech meps who were unanimous against immigration quotas and babis who decides about everythin anyway is also against immigration quite strongly . 
  i 've never said those things , he is lying . 
   someone wants to get rid of the refugee convention for muslims , when someone wants to gun down boatloads of immigrants , when someone says the holocaust is n't real excuse me my dear friend , am i supposed to be guilty of those things ? 
  because if so , i 'd like to ask you to link the relevant comments . 
  i must have suffered amnesia , silly me . 
  ok , and now try it with a rational argument and not with emotional one . 
  there are millions of children dying every day . 
  do you feel sorry that you are not able to save them all ? 
  unlike you , i 'm able to think in a bigger picture , i 'm not controled by my emotions and i do n't have messiah complex . 
  the fact is that people die . 
  huge amount of people die every day . 
  and even bigger amount of people will die in the near future . 
  there is going to be more wars in africa and middle east , there is going to be water shortage and in connection with unsustainable overpopulation , it will lead to massacres everywhere . 
  there are millions of immigrants ready to come right now , there are billions of potential immigrants in the near future . 
  your sob story is good for children and i 'm sure something like this will be used by politicians to get votes of naive soft-hearted people , but it has very little to do with any rational thought about the actual situation . 
  there are only two ways how to solve the current situation . 
  eu will either save everyone who asks as you suggest , and that will mean millions of immigrants every year now , tens of millions later , because this is obviously just a beginning and once people will realize what eu does , the number of immigrants will exponentialy rise , because there is unlimited amount of people in africa living like shit who want to go to europe . 
  this would totaly change eu . 
  social and housing systems will colaps , job market will colaps , living conditions in eu will dramaticaly lower , criminality will rise , there will be more terrorist attacks , ethic and religious conflicts , extremism will obviously also rise dramaticaly . 
  by saving tens of millions of africans from their terrible lifes , you will make terrible lifes of tens of millions of europeans . 
  so you have saved some , but fucked others . 
  there is nothing like helping people without consequences . 
  sure , it 's not equal , you can save a lot of african lifes for one fucked european life , but you are still exchanging lifes for lifes , this is the full extent of your categorical humanism you fail to see . 
  it will obviously affect the poorest europeans the most , they will be the ones living around the newly created ghettos , they will be living in poor neighbourhoods where muslims will try to enforce sharia law etc. 
  that 's not some sicence fiction , that 's inevitable effect of tens of millions third world immigrants imported to europe that has no capacity for them , you can see all of it already happening to some limited extent in countries like sweden . 
  let 's say eu will save 50\u00a0000\u00a0000 of those poor people . 
  what does it mean in the big picture ? 
  nothing !, 
  nothing has changed , there are still hundreds of millions in need while new and new wars are occuring and there are billions living like shit who want to go to eu too . 
  so you saved millions of people who needed your help , because you felt you are responsible for saving the whole world , and what happened is that eu is on the edge of collaps , full of extremism , ethnic conflicts and crime , unable to help anyone anymore , and yet the amount of people you helped is nothing compared to people who still need help . 
  you managed to cripple eu and destroy the peace and high standard of living that europe built over centuries just so you could `` save '' 1/1000 of people that need it . 
  that 's really something . 
  other option is that you will refuse to accept unlimited amounts of immigrants , preserve prosperous eu and try to help as many people as you can outside eu without crippling eu itself and without ruining life of eu citizens . 
  this will allow you to do it in the long term . 
  the moment when you will let refugees die on the sea is inevitable , because number of the potential refugees from africa is unlimited , unlike capacities of eu , the only question is when that moment will come . 
  whether it will be before the life in europe will drasticaly change to worse , or after that . 
  in bigger picture , the difference in number of people who still need help will be absolutely marginal , but the difference in quality of life in eu will be devastating . 
  that 's simple math . 
  and back to your example . 
  the radio operator is not the one who is suppose to make the call . 
  the decision to save them has not only positive value of saving the lifes , but also negative value that will be payed by others and not by the operator . 
  someone will have to take care of those people , someone will have to feed them , someone will have to pay for their madical care , clothes or integration . 
  someone will die because of them . 
  and it most likely wo n't be italy who will pay as we know , but germany . 
  saving people on the expense of others must feel nice , but it 's hypocritical . 
  if he wants to decide whether they should be saved or not based on his feeling , then he has take them home and take care of them afterwards . 
  otherwise it 's the society that will be paying the cost that has to decide . 
  emotions have no place here . 
  the price would be fatal . 
  now you are corrected . 
  colaps of social and housing systems , ethnical conflicts , ghettos , rise of criminality and extremism . 
  what else do you think will happen when you import millions of people to countries that are economicaly strugling ? 
  you can see all these things in sweden and to some extent in every country taking big amount of third world immigrants . 
  thanks . 
  yeah you are right , being against immigration has nothing to do with right wing/left wing scale . 
  it 's actually quite funny to watch these propaganda atempts to smear the other side by this `` right wing '' or `` extreme right wing '' screams when you are from a country where politics has completely different divide . 
  people in the west think that left wing equates to neomarxism and multiculturalism , and so they call everyone who opose it right wing . 
  it is reality of the west and rather recent thing that left is controled by neomarxists , but it does n't apply on central europe , in here there is still mostly traditional left that defends interests of working class , and not interests of upper-middle class blogers decided by current hipster trends and by faculty of gender studies . 
  sure , there is already neomarxist wing slowly creeping up within social-democratic party , but with the migration crisis in process and current public opinion they are as quiet as possible . 
  i 'm also wondering how people justify to themselve that the most firm anti-immigration opinion has slovak goverment , which is as left-wing as it gets . 
  i guess they have internalized rigtwingness or some shit . 
  4 injured cops and 6 demolished police cars in the latest riot of immigrants in germany is not enough ? 
  these idiots wo n't help anything . 
  but i would really love to see so many politicians to condemn the riots by illegal immigrants . 
  when czech president did it , he was called recist xenophobe even in foreign media , and he was n't generalizing . 
  when will someone call deputy foreign minister michael roth oikophobic racist ? 
  he expressed that he is ashamed for the whole german nation just because of few violent people . 
  can you imagine that shitstorm if some politican said that he is ashamed for all immigrants because few violent protesters ? 
  imo it 's just matter of time , when there will be 5 millions of illegal immigrants in germany , they will iniciate it gladly themselves . 
  i understand that there are billions of people living like shit and eu has 500 millions of citizens . 
  i actually hope that un treaties about asylum seekers will be changed , it is highly discussed subject in czechia right now . 
  the opinion that the change is needed and neccesary as a part of the solution of the current crisis is held by politicians among the whole political spectrum including liberal meps like [ pavel teli\u010dka ] ( http://www.telicka.eu/en/ ) , 2 . vice chairman of alde . 
  it 's basicaly mainstream here , i hope they will propose it . 
  another thing is that no one gives a shit about the cr 's opinion .
