  of course eu wo n't refuse communism , eu is a communist hivemind . 
  stalin was worse than hitler even by body count . 
  greeks are the victims , not the imigrants . 
  they ilegaly entred greece and they are rioting in foreign country that tries to help them . 
  typical self-hating article from neomarxist respekt . 
  `` everything in the west is better , we must compare ourselves with russians who literaly hunt gays down ... '' giving as an example of tolerant society usa is funny especially after they sent to prison for 22 years like some murderer a young woman just because she had sex with almost adult students ( which was obviously dream come true for those boys ) , with barely any protests from the society . 
  they can teach russia ... http://www.policymic.com/articles/88039/the-most-lgbt-friendly-country-in-the-world-has-been-declared, 
  im sure breivik shits everyday . 
  could you please stop shiting ? 
  daily reminder that if someone is slightly to the right from greens and reds , it doesnt make him right wing conservative . 
  its not right who says the `` refugees `` are mostly economical migrants , its every available statistics , inlcuding the official one from eu . 
  and its not all left who lie and want to accept all the imigrants and enrich european culture . 
  there is leftist goverment in slovakia that strongly refuses accepting imigrants and social democrats in the cr are also very reserved . 
  not all left are cultural marxists yet . 
  no , thats bullshit , cr is actually country with one of the smallest number of people emigrating to other eu countries . 
  it actually does mean that people do n't believe there is a god . 
  even 1/3 of voters of christian democrats are atheists . 
  enjoy it until you can , it wont last long . 
  yeah i agree this is the only longterm solution . 
  \\  un official \\  someone who knows best pick one, 
  nope , thats just your lazy misintepretation of their ideology . 
  i dont agree with many things they do and they are a bit naive in some of their goals , but the basis of their ideas are right . 
  i dont really expect them to be any good in ruling anything though , voting for them is just a message to mainstream politicians . 
  it depends on their immigration program . 
  right now most parties are basicaly silent on the issue , you would find in almost every party politicians with anti and also pro immmigration opinions . 
  if there were general elections , they would be forced to make clear unified statement , which is not the case now . 
  then i would choose between anti-immigration parties and if there wasnt a mainstream party with a stance strong enough , i would vote for `` block against islam '' just to send a message that mainstream parties should reevaluate their stance if they dont want obscure parties to get elected . 
  im already decided to vote for them in the upcoming district elections if mainstream parties will stay so silent on the issue ( which is very likely to be the case ) . 
  if block against islam won a few seats in some districts ( which i believe is perfectly possible ) , it would scare the shit out of mainstream politicians and they would be forced to reflect that . 
  i just posted a video where muslim fundamentalists consider themselves just ordinary muslims . 
  how can you ignore lived experience of so many muslims when you say that the only thing that matters is personal experience ? 
  your whole argumentation is one big falicious joke . 
  and you cant even see your hypocrisy . 
  if you told me that 44 % of europeans are iliterate , i wouldnt opose you by using my personal experience , because unlike you im consistent in my opinions and i actually use logic . 
  i would show you one of the many researches that show europeans to be 98 + % literate , just like i showed you a research that proves that 44 % of muslims in we are fundamentalists . 
  and i even provided video of lived experience of some muslims , the ultime proof of truth according to you !, 
  oh , i know that fundamentalists actually consider themselves ordinary muslims , just like isis fighters . 
  that wasnt my point though , lived exprience of any individual is simply meaningless when speaking about big group . 
  btw are these muslims asimiliated ? 
  these are statistics from reputable sociological institutions , i posted one link , i can post more later when im not on a phone . 
  and i didnt say your lived experience is invalid , i said its statisticialy insignificant . 
  its like if i spoke to a muslim fundamentalist who would tell me that everyone he knows is like him . 
  who is right , you or him ? 
  why should be your lived experience more true than his ? 
  the truth is that both means nothing and only serious research can give the answer . 
  and i have no problem with finding the name of the no go zones when im not on a phone , denying existence of those places is quite funny . 
  ill post it later . 
  edit : why so many people supporting immigration cant just argue to the merit and always look trough post history of their oponents , bringing up other subs they post in and always come up with some ad hominem ? 
  your lived experience is statisticly insignificant . 
  it means literaly nothing . 
  facts speaks pretty clearly , 44 % of muslims living in western europe are fundamentalists , 65 % say their religious rules are more important to them than laws of the country they live in . 
  there are only muslim no-go zones , no hindu or budhist or christian no-go zones . 
  number of muslims supporting isis and charlie hebdo attacks is insane . 
  sharia law is widely supported . 
  of course there are many muslims who asimilated , but the number of those who didnt is huge , it is a big problem and the fact that there are some who asimilated doesnt erase the rest . 
  lions are almost extinct beautiful creatures . 
  meanwhile , there are millions of migrants ready to swarm europe . 
  beside of that , all imigrants in callais are criminals . 
  they are in one of the most wealthy country in the world and even that isnt enough for them and they try to unlawfuly enter yet another country . 
  every single one of them is a criminal , i have no sympathy for them . 
  considering how huge is the difference in ranking of some cities just within 6 months timeframe ( just compare 2015 and 2015 mid year ) , it seems like very bad ranking . 
  you are joking right ? 
  thats not how it goes today . 
  just demand that all people adapt to you and if someone wont agree with you , just call him xenophobe . 
  and ? 
  are you high ? 
  what does it have to do with anything ? 
  dont be so hateful . 
  im not the one here who claim that nazi totality is as good as democracy . 
  why do you buly me ? 
  and ? 
  does it make nazi totality equally good to liberal democracy ? 
  quite a few people in this thread claim they are equal . 
  are you blind ? 
  even r/europe rules forbid questioning that all cultures are equal . 
  as i said , its a fucking joke . 
  no , but many people , including comments inhere , think they are equally good . 
  you are attacking a strawman . 
  un is a fucking joke . 
  they are supposed to prevent world wars , not start them . 
  so you are white supremacist then . 
  good to know !, 
  we are speaking about culture , not genetics , so your example doesnt make any sense . 
  if you put german family with children to egypt , and germans would raise it , the children would be more civilized than egyptians . 
  and there are many studies about what happens when you put muslim families with children to western europe . 
  hint : living in condition of democratic country wont make them civilized , not even after generations . 
  fundamentalism among the new generation is even stronger , we are speaking about more than 50 % of youth . 
  \\  inb4 its because they are poor no its not , because no other group of poor people have such issues and criminal rate . 
  why thankfuly ? 
  why are you glad that majority prefer democracy over nazi totality when they are both equal ? 
  next time you will say that you prefer european culture over african islamic states , you racist !, 
  you are absolutely hilarious . 
  no , it 's called delusion . 
  by your logic , nazism is equal to liberal democracy . 
  all idelogies are equal !, 
  not really , civilized people make good democracy , democracy doesnt make civilized people . 
  now please tell that to all those cultural relativists in europe . 
  if any european politic said this obvious truth , he would be called nazi rasist xenophobic right winger eating children . 
  all cultures are equal , even r/europe rules say so !, 
  egyptian president would be banned if he was poster on r/europe , lol .
