  individualism , secularism , rule of law , humanism , etc. . . 
  although there are obviously cultural differences and i 'm sure you could speak a long time about all the little things that are different and that in the end makes it hard anyway , i would n't really expect you to do anything in order to consider you integrated , there is n't really anything to integrate , you already accept the basic values importnat for democratic state as yours . 
   however , people who are from third world countries who have completely different thinking needs to understand and accept to them completely new values , and for that they need to do a lot more . 
  so for example as a czech i really do n't expect american or greek imigrant to learn czech , he already respect the same values , so there is no need for that , and if he stays , his children will attend czech schools and they will be indistiguishible from anyone else anyway . 
  however , when a third world imigrant comes , i absolutely expect him to learn language , because without it he will never be able to understand the values and culture he should accept . 
   in fact , you 'll find people of far right ideology attack lgbt people much more than muslims do , even though they probably make up an equal percentage of the population in any given western country . 
  they tell you this in your religious classes of progressivism ? 
  you also should n't believe to people who tell you that a political party with 20 + % support in super progressive sweden is far-right . 
  i honestly think that antelope is smarter , because it can tell where is the real danger and it has survival instinct . 
  have you ever been to a gay pride ? 
  seriously have you ever participate in one ? 
  what an absurd statement that it is not supposed to provoke . 
  there are always people mocking religious symbols , with masks of religious figures , marches are often around some religious buildings , there are people in clothes ( or lack of ) they would never normaly take , all that with an intend to bring attention to the issue and to provoke a reaction . 
  because there is n't a better way how to point out an issue than by provocation . 
  you nor left are not some ultimate representation of equity and peace . 
  maybe it 's you who hijacked it ? 
  is it really so unimaginable that there are homosexuals who prefer right wing party that maybe opose gay mariage rather than left-wing party that imports hundreds of thousands of people who would stone them to death if they could ? 
  pointing out intolerance is always a good thing , you do n't have a patent for it . 
  this line of thinking is fucking hilarious . 
  when far-right is against lgbt , the only thing they usually opose is gay merriage and adoption . 
  when it comes to muslim imigrants , we are speaking about absolute hate , contempt and stoning . 
  and left in sweden is importing tens of thousands of them every year . 
  if you opose right-wingers more than muslim imigration , it does n't look very clever to me . 
   and if they are successful in provoking them , who will receive hatred back ? 
  the right wingers ? 
  no , it will be us gsm people who receive the backlash . 
  this is ridiculous argument , when was it different ? 
  do you think there exist gay prides which cause hate against heterosexuals ?? 
  every gay parade is provocation , that 's its fucking point , if it did n't provoke , it would n't be neccesary . 
  i would really love to see you to protect right of imigrants to not be offended by your existence if new zeland was importing hundreds of thousands of people who hate you so much that they have no problem with stoning you . 
  we are not talking about some minority , we are speaking about  90 % of muslims from middle east and north africa - the imigrants coming to europe . 
  do you realize that the only reason why it can be considered a provocation is the fact that these imigrants mostly hate you ? 
  why should be homophobic imigrants that your country is helping excused of their bigotry while citizens of your country not ? 
  i believe that this group is pointing out serious problem that while the so called progessives are witch hunting everyone for even the most innocent `` bigoted '' joke , at the same time they ignore the biggest problem , the actual widespreaded cripling misogyny and homophobia in a specific group they are protecting and uncriticaly supporting . 
  and they succeded . 
  saying that someone is n't allowed to do something just for the sole porpose of upsetting someone is ridiculous , needless to say that it 's just your interpretation that they do n't care about gay rights . 
  please tell me how many oppression points i need to have so people are not allowed to upset me ? 
  is there any chart for that ? 
  i bet you also believe that 4chan is a mysterious hacker controling interwebz . 
  while most of it is true , there are serious economical toubles ahead of them . 
  their public dept is 245 % of their gdp , that 's fucking insane . 
  it 's just matter of time until they will get into serious troubles . 
  i absolutely love how you are not able to respond to a single point he made , avoiding every question he asked , ignoring everything he said . 
  it 's almost like you are full of shit and even you realize that there are no answers that would n't make you look like a hypocrite . 
  i 'm glad we agree it 's just a matter of time . 
  only a fool can say that something is not a threat just because it wo n't happen right now , but in the future . 
  how can be a fact deemed `` problematic ? 
  how can be a topic literally saying `` this happened '' controversial ? 
  how can be truth controversial ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ej8oa/third_grenade_attack_in_a_week_rocks_malm%c3%b6/ https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ek36g/hungarys_orban_sees_illegal_immigration_from_the/ these are just links to news , without any commentary from op . 
  what about logic ? 
  have you ever heard about it ? 
  do you think that countries have unlimited resources and space ? 
  do you think that countries can accept unlimited number of imigrants ? 
  what do you think will happen when a country reaches the point when it will be unsustainable ? 
  i 'm not sure what is your idea of poor eastern europe , but even today it 's safer to live in some of those countries than in western europe . 
  if imigration wo n't stop , the question is not whether they will start to leave germany and sweden , the question is when . 
  i did n't know that un is supposed to critisize only eu because europeans care about it more than about asia !, 
  enough for what ? 
  of course anyone of any skin colour can share european tradition , but the fact is that european tradition originally comes from white people and was built by white people . 
  it 's ridiculous to call someone who state this a racist . 
  this is what political correctnes and white guilt has done to our culture , anone who mention that white people did something good is automaticly called racist . 
  it 's as much ridiculous , as would be mocking someone who would call african traditions black . 
  connecting origins of various tradition to skin colour is stating facts . 
  it 's unbelievable how brainwashed some people are with political corerctness . 
  ask imigrants in sweden , where is no work for them and not even housing . 
  houses cost astronnomical prices and goverment literally tell people to rebuild their garages so imigrants can live there !, 
  no country in europe has unlimited space and resources , it 's just matter of time until even in germany will be serious issues and imigrants will start to leave it for other countries . 
  and beside of that , i do n't want germany to be in troubles , it 's not just about my country , but about the whole europe . 
  if imigration wo n't stop , there will be logicaly a lot more tensions and racial violence . 
  it has already started , and it will lead to radicalization . 
  nothin good can come out of it . 
  oh , please tell me how canada has millions of uneducated fundamentalists from africa and middle east . 
  they are very picky about who they take , they was n't even willing to take gipsies from europe , lol . 
  they are free to take few hundreds of thousands of them . 
  then we can talk . 
  there are no militant isolationists , that 's just left-wing bullshit propaganda , because everyone who even mildly criticize imigration is called racist neo-nazi fascist pedophile . 
  would you mock also black african tradition ? 
  or that would be racist ? 
  you are the only racist in this thread . 
  the point is , they do n't ask , they just come . 
  and no one does anything with it , that 's the problem . 
  the majority of imigrants are not refugees but ecocomical imigrants , yet politicans do n't talk about it . 
  i agree , orban is the first politician who said it loudly as it is . 
  lol, 
  if you think it is not a threat , you can take them to canada . 
  millions of imigrants are existential threat . 
  this is just beginning . 
  and argument that they just go to some countries is the most stupid one anyone can say . 
  germany and sweden are in shengen , once they accept the imigrants , they can go wherever they want . 
  it 's not hate , i 'm just stating the facts . 
  i 'm not denying that there are many muslims who accepted european culture and are well integrated , but the number who are not is simply alarming and it 's arguably the majority , not minority who are not integrated . 
  there is no hate in this statement . 
  if we are gon na call unpleasant facts hate , we will never solve the issue . 
  see for example this study . 
  http://www.wzb.eu/en/press-release/islamic-fundamentalism-is-widely-spread . 
  if you have 44 % of muslims living in western europe fundamentalists , and the youngest generation is the worst , it 's serious problem . 
  there is no other minority which would have such problem with asimilation , and i absolutely disagree that it is because they are poor and uneducated . 
  there are many minorities like that and there are no such problems with them . 
  in the czech republic we have a big vietnamies community .
