  so all that libyans need to do to get a free ticket to europe is to jump into a water ? 
  is that what you are saying ? 
  if their boats sank at lybian coast , it means it was still libya territory , so they did n't even left libya territory and yet italy is already bringing them to europe from there . 
  by your logic , not saving all people in libya and bringing them to europe means plain murder , it does n't matter whether you are on the ground or just taking a bath in a sea ... 
  i agree with you , but if you wanted to spark a serious discussion , you chose a really bad image for it . 
  firstly , the image implies that it 's a bad thing that eu stands for free speech of their citizens and that speech labeled as `` islamophobia '' should be banned . 
  considereding how oversued the term is and that it 's used for criticism ( whether it 's justified or not ) of a religious ideology , and not something you were born with like race of sexual orientation , the notion of banning `` islamophobia '' will not be met with great acceptance and i consider it very dangerous . 
  secondly , it implies that eu as an institution somehow helps to spread islamophobia , which is in my opinion , and i dare to say also in many other people 's opinion , complete nonsense and the oposite is actually true , eu with it 's political corectness and multicluti ideology does everything they can to promote islam and to get rid of `` islamophobia '' . 
  thirdly , i do n't think that the kind of discussion you seem to want to have is possible , because i do n't think there are actually that many people who are afraid of muslims or who hate them or whatever . 
  people are labeled by these things and they are already tired of it and not interested in these faux debates . 
  i do n't want muslims in my country , that does n't mean that i hate them nor that i fear them . 
  it also does n't mean that i 'm uninformed or that i 've never meat a muslim in my life or whatetver is always said in such cases . 
  and that 's opinion of great majority of people . 
  so when you post something that implies that they have irrational fear of islam , they will just ignore you . 
  one more reason why it should be easy to deport them back . 
  they just left their coasts , they are closer to lybia than to europe . 
  they have no fucking choice whether they they want them . 
  eu is doomed if they do n't have enough power to force lybia to take the people that just left the country . 
  brigading means that group of people from outside of particular subreddit is upvoting/downvoting posts in that subreddit , especially when it is coordinated effort . 
  when / r/subredditdrama posts a link to our subredit and people from there who normaly do n't use / r/europe come here and upvote something en mass , it 's brigading . 
  when someone tweets a link to a post from this subreddit and his followers go here and upvote/downvote it , it 's brigading . 
  when regular users of / r/europe downvote posts because they do n't agree with them , it is not brigading , but common way how people use reddit , although it is technicaly against rediquette . 
  international treaties can be changed , and so can be messiah complex . 
  we can talk after there will be tens of millions of africans on streets in europe what was the right thing to do . 
  either let the boat sink or send the refugees back to libya and not to europe . 
  that 's not what `` brigader '' means . 
  you are really confused , people who downvote anyone with an argument opposing theirs are called simply `` redditors '' . 
  btw , i just found the [ orgininal picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eerlnja.png ) . 
  keep your eyes open !, 
  and by brigaders you mean people with different opinion than yours who dare to use an upvote button ? 
  like muslims who call any criticism islamophobia so they do n't have their medieval beliefs challanged ? 
  lol, 
  facism is result of immigration . 
  how can be someone so stupid to not understand this ? 
  there is always a reason why society goes extreme . 
  husittes were in basicaly all major battles outnumbered , underequiped and undertrained . 
  peasants against trained soldiers . 
  facts . 
  it 's funny you say that , because people like you are reponsible for the fact it 's going to happen . 
  if things were done like we say , there would never be totalitarian regimes in the nearest future . 
  i 'm not the one who is selfish and hypocritical , it 's you . 
  there will be many people who will be negatively affected by this unprecedent mass immigration of people who are mostly totaly antagonistic towards our culutre . 
  your attitude that so long as you have full fridge you do n't give a shit about your fellow citizens who might not have full fridge because of this is frankly disgusting . 
  history thaught us that cultures that do n't defend themselves are going to be doomed . 
  and the modern history thaught us that multiculturalism does n't work and leads to more dangerous societies , where alien cultures that are most intolerant are getting prevelance . 
  even merkel already made a statement that multiculturalism does n't work . 
  i have learned a lot from history , have you ? 
  and i 'm not from usa , my coutry and majority of eu did n't bomb anyone , so i do n't get why should i be responsible for something usa did . 
  unless you want me to feel guilty for all white people in the world . 
  in that case , it works both ways ... 
  yes , if immigration will continue with this speed and wo n't stop , i expect deportations based on ethnicity/religion similar to what czechoslovakia did to sudeten germans in less than 20 years . 
  only this time it will be to african countries by planes . 
  it does n't solve anything you european commission dipshits . 
  return of totalitarian goverments to europe in the nearest decade after extremists will inevitably get in power . 
  i said your comment is indicatory of these things , not that you represent all of them . 
  also read my previous comment , i edited it without knowing you already responded so fast . 
  do n't take it personaly , my comment was n't meant to atack you or anything . 
  it was more like general thought using you as an example . 
  and while i do n't claim i can see in your head and i understand your argument about the `` moment '' , your original formulation goes way above just that . 
   i think you also need to consider that national pride is a very complicated topic in germany in the light of the nazi ideology, 
  not prejudice , facts and statistics . 
  at which time ? 
  nevermind , it doesn really matter . 
  you ca n't seriously compare people from europe with muslim immigrants . 
  not really , they were all fleeing totalitarian regimes , they were not picky to which state they will go and they fully integrated into the new society . 
  they also did n't had barbaric beliefs , had decent education and similar values . 
  actually it 's possible they are lying , they were lying in their previous report for 2013 , so i 'm not sure how trutworthy it is . 
  one czech bloger pointed it out back then . 
  you can see it for yourself . 
  [ take a look ] ( http://www.pecina.cz/files/vyrocni_zprava_2013-1.pdf ) on page 13 and the following . 
  from the link dated on 2.5 . 
  2013 , the anti-semitics articles are from year 2012 and not 2013 ( you can see the dates in their web adress in the right ) . 
  they used old anti-semitic articles from the previous year to exegerate the numbers to make it look worse . 
  and even if it is true , we are speaking about ** 46 ** incidents , mostly verbal , nonviolent attacks in 10\u00a0000\u00a0000 nation in the whole year . 
  headlines `` 200 % rise of anti-semitism '' looks scary , but the reality is that 200 % rise of nothing is still nothing . 
  150 antisemitic articles on the whole czech internet is also rather amusingly small number . 
  it 's hardly worth mentioning . 
  yeah , and it 's mainstream left who goes after jews , not mainstream protesters against immigration nor anti-immigration parties . 
  edit : i looked closer into their statistics for 2014 , and it 's really bizzare . 
  out of those 46 listed antisemitics incidents , there is 1 minor incident of physical assault , the rest are harrasing emails and few anti-semitic grafiti . 
  among the antisemitic itnernet articles , there are included many that are just critical to israel politics . 
  so yeah , if someone consider 30 harassing email sent to official email adress of jewish community that could be easily sent by one person to be antisemitism worth of scary headlines , then he must live in a paradise , do n't you think ? 
  edit2 : rofl , the most hilarious thing is that among the `` antisemitic internet articles '' there are at least 2 article from www.blisty.cz - a news site founded and managed by jan culik - the author of the politico article posted by op . 
  :d as i said , it 's pretty clear who are the antisemits here - an author calling the whole czech nation racists and xenophobes runs antisemitic website . 
  what / u/marktplatz said is pretty much indicatory of the contempt for own culture , shame for being `` privileged '' , white guilt , cultural relativism and all the post-modern relativistic nonsense that is today so prevalent in the west . 
  you germans are brainwashed with this hereditary guilt , you are feeded guilt for you ancestors since childhood like if you were responsible for what your grandgrandfathers did to the point that even when you are anonymous in a fucking internet discussion you are being politically correct and you are afraid to tell you are proud of your country because someone might think you are nazi . 
  70y after the war , after unceprecent economical and social success , / u/marktplatz says that you have nothing to be proud of in the recent history . 
  and this self-hatred is not only issue of germany , it 's just most blatant . 
  it 's everywhere in the west and even in czechia . 
  there are people here for instance who serious say that we should accept every immigrant from africa because of our colonial past and our guilt ... you have swedish prime minister saying that everything good comes from immigrants and that without them swedes would be just barbarians . . you have people seriously claiming that everyone has same right to live in their country as its citizens . 
  then anyone who comes to europe , no matter how destructive or intolerant he is , can do whatever he wants , because all culture are equal and saying otherwise is racist . 
  and you ca n't refuse entrence to such people , because that 's not humane and we owe them to repay our guilt !, 
  you think your culture is better ? 
  you are racist , despite objective data showing you are right . 
  you think intolerance should n't be tolerated ? 
  you think your state shoud care first and foremost about its citizens and not about the whole world ? 
  racist . 
  and throught this guilt and self-flagelation , in the name of tolerance , without any self-defense mechanics , is europe flooded by masses of people with totaly antagonistic stance toward its values . 
   800 000 illegal immigrants will arive just to germany this year when they are ariving to germany , they are illegal immigrants . 
  deal with it .
