  and i can tell you what they are going to do - nothing . 
  because misogyny of muslims must be protected , they are opessed minority !, 
  where are all the feminists who complain all day long about every little bullshit like fitness ads or jokes on twitter ?? 
  oh right , i forgot , saudi king is a member of opressed minority and pointing out his actual abhorent misogyny would be racist !, 
  as we were taught in sweden about gay pride in muslim areas . 
  this makes me sick . 
  it 's funny they are all white . 
  no , they should make filter if they want to give an option to people to ignore it . 
  the claims that / r/europe was full of imigration posts and everything else was drown out by them are false . 
   you can wave your cherry picked statistics and hard data all about , cherry picked ? 
  are all these studies also cherry picked ? 
  http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/pages/opinion-polls.htm i love how you completely dismiss studies from one of the most reputable socilogical institution as cherry picked and yet you do n't offer anything else beside anecdotal evidence and feelings . 
   it does n't change the fact that what you 're doing is demonizing thousands upon thousands of european muslims who live amongst us as law abiding citizens and participants in our democracy . 
  this is not true , i do n't demonize those thousands upon thousands of european muslims who live amongst us as law abiding citizens , i 'm speaking about millions who do n't . 
   god , you 're a ridiculous and hateful person . 
  what 's hateful on stating facts ? 
  you are the one who is berating someone based on his origin , i 'm criticising beliefs . 
  thanks for linking my post , have an upvote !, 
  people should educate themselves on the issue of islam , it 's important they read reliable studies and statistics from such reputable institutions as pew research and berlin social science center . 
  too many people fall for anecdotal fallacy and believe that their liberal muslim friend is actually representative of muslims coming to europe , while all statistics prove the opposite is true . 
  also , i have never been to stormfront and i honestly do n't understand why you say that , mainly because stormfront is supposed to be racist , but islam is not a race , there are black , white and also asian muslims . 
  what would i do on stormfront if i wanted to speak about islam ? 
  yeah , i 'm sorry that i 'm not using anecdotal evidience and instead of that i present statistics and hard data . 
  i 'm sure that you know personaly thousands of muslims to have better idea about their beliefs than respectable institutions doing scientific studies . 
  also , i 'm sure that dismissing my opinion on basis of my nationality is racist or something . 
  i ca n't change where i was born . 
  however , muslims chose what they believe , so if there is a racist , it 's you . 
  no , they wo n't be deported because there is no place where to deport them . 
  but suit yourself , keep lying you far-left activist . 
  my life is pretty good , we do n't have many imigrants in our country , that 's why it 's more safe than france , germany or gb and that 's why tourists and expats are amazed how safe prague is compared to any other western capital . 
  imigrants do n't make my life shit yet , however they make life of other europeans a lot worse and it 's pretty disgusting how you dimiss issues of people that have to live near muslim no-go zones in sweden or france . 
  burning of cars is everyday reality in some french cities with imigrants , in sweden there are comon granade explosions . 
  this is fucking unimaginable in the czech republic , because we do n't have imigrants . 
  why do you think that sweden democrats and marie le-pen are leading polls ? 
  ignorance of you neomarxists is mind blowing . 
  edit : and you are right there are already millions of people with asylum rights . 
  it 's very obvious on criminal statistics . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime i 'm also sure that 130 000 genital mutilitation of women in gb has been done by native scots and not by imigrants . 
  yes i know it 's applications , it 's applications mostly from people who ilegaly came to europe , i.e. 
  from ilegal imigrants in europe , who wo n't tell where they come from and if eu countries somehow find out where they come from , they ca n't deport them anyway , because those african countries wo n't accept them back . 
  these people stay in europe despite the fact they did n't get asylum . 
  only 39 % of them were deproted in 2014 , and you have to count also many more who have never been registred in the first place . 
  http://www.ekathimerini.com/197946/article/ekathimerini/news/eu-official-urges-governments-to-deport-more-migrants-to-make-room-for-refugees so please stop lying you far-left activist . 
  there are far more imigrants in europe than those who were granted asylum . 
  and it counts in hunderds of thousands and anyone with half of brain can tell it will be millions in the near future . 
  compare it with educated muslims in europe - still a huge number of fundamentalists . 
  exapcting that imigrants would be better educated than muslims living in europe is absurd , so it may not be full 80 % , but it will be still vast majority . 
  so you posted a statics that shows 600 000 of imigrants in one year to prove there wo n't be more than a million of imigrants next years ? 
  anyway good to know that posting facts makes one far-right . 
  i guess posting lies makes one far-left ?? 
  seems about right , lol . 
  wtf ? 
  are you crazy or you just ca n't read ? 
  i 'm speaking about muslim imigrants , i.e. 
  muslims who comes from north africa and middle east , i.e. 
  exactly the muslims from the study . 
  so once again , there are currently hundreds of thousands of ilegal imigrants from north africa and middle east , and muslims from africa and middle east are in 80 % religous fundamentalists . 
  however , there is also study done in western europe . 
  44 % muslims living in western europe are religous fundamentalist , which is also insane number and shows how sick islam is . 
  you are pretending that we are speaking about 160k imigrants or any similar number , which is simply a lie . 
  this and following years there will be more than million imigrants and it will get even worse . 
  even now it 's known that most of them are economical migrants who just use the current chaotic situation . 
  this is not just a few imigrants , this amount of people can have serious effects on europe . 
  needless to say that they are uneducated and 80 % + are religous fundamentalists . 
  sure thing , and that 's why your goverment is building a wall ... not even the most dedicated neomarxists in eu try to deny that imigrants count in hunderds of thousands . 
  you seem to be a very special case . 
  yeah , and ten times more are here ilegaly . 
  you just called people who talk about imiration racists . 
  why do you think it ca n't happen in sweden ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime of course that imigration brings huge amount of crime . 
  and it 's not just because they are poor , their crime rate is much higher even compared to the poor europeans . 
  and statisticly is more than 80 % of imigrant religious fundamentalist supporting sharia law . 
  http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf i have facts , what do you have beside feelings and mesiah complex ? 
  impyling that being against imigration is racist or xenophobic . 
  you are the best ally of actual racists , because you caused that no one takes accusation of racism seriously anymore . 
  i 'm pretty sure someone also left because of people like you that call everyone who disagrees with them far-right , it 's pretty annoying and unlike the oposition against imigration it has no basis in reality . 
  maybe you should be banned so no more people will leave . 
  using your own standards , no problem . 
  i 'm transblack attack helicopter and you dared to disagree with me , that 's racist . 
  now please delete you account , thanks . 
  you ca n't be surpised that he is getting downvoted all the time , no one likes attention whoring . 
  yeah , and only like half of them were on the front page . 
  such an horror , every other topic was drown out !, 
  thanks god we have mods who will make sure that those imigration threads wo n't opress other topics ever again !, 
  front page has been in no way drown in imigration posts , what a bullshit argument . 
  there are frequent posts about imigration , but definitely no that much that other topics would be drown out . 
  and new tab is full of bullshit all the time , not only full of imigration stuff , that 's why upvotes exist and it works perfectly fine . 
  megathread will just eliminate any relevant threads on imigration and everything will be lost in one unreadable thread . 
  you are censoring one of the most important issues in europe on / r/europe subreddit . 
  incredible . 
  yes , there is ongoing criminal case against former prime minister and his chief of staff , then there is a case against 3 former top officers of military secret service ( not found guilty in the first instance , a prosecutor appealed ) , and there would be a case against 3 mps if supreme court did n't ridiculously decided that constitutional immunity of mps applies on everything mps do in parlament , and not only on speech , and hence saved those bastards . 
  constitutional court already reverted that decision , but it does n't apply retroactively on the mps , but only for the future cases , so these 3 will stay unpunished . 
  also there are cases against formerly powerful `` poilitical businessmen '' , lobbyists that in many cases had more power than individual politicians . 
  one recieved 6 years in prison , another one is prosecuted in like 3 cases . 
  there is quite alot of stuff happening when it comes to prosecuting corruption . 
  canada is full of very carefuly picked imigrants who must fulfill shitload of conditions to be accepted , not full of millions of uneducated religious fundamentalists from africa and middle east who have mostly absolutely no desire of integration and hateboner for western civilization . 
  no country in europe has any problem with reasonable imigration , that is simply not the case with the current situation . 
  israel yes , turkey no . 
  i think there is a huge difference between imigrants from africa/middle east/third world countries in general and migration within euro-american culture . 
  although you can argue that slovakia is eastern europe , and hence different from the west , the basic values are the same .
