vala, 
  an older article that 's still relevant in this day and age . 
  thank you , my fault . 
  fuck the eu , free europe from institutional chains, 
  hahaha did n't even see that , nice , 
  at least it looks harmful looking in from the outside . 
  patriotism = / = nationalism and yes it does n't always end up in racist fascism but the negative are often there . 
  nationalism in turkey is damaging the country , same about the us for example . 
  fuck hilary, 
  yeah just forget about that fucking nazi thing you guys had going , jesus christ . 
  my parents are from north africa but i do know some syrians and that most definitely is not normal behavior . 
  such a thing is not acceptable at all . 
  seems like were being giant assholes to you . 
  i almost want to apologize to you . 
  the problem is when young guys act like savages and make people think that such disrespectful behavior is just me/arab/berber culture . 
  never accept that as ` that 's just their shitty culture ' because they would n't even dare to try that at home . 
  the problem is that the muslim community has just as much grip on those youth as the native european population : very little to none . 
  we would stop those kind of idiots today if we could since they are hurting us as much as they hurt you . 
  gender separation in public transport sounds totally ridiculous , i hope for the love of god that it 's not actually happening . 
  when you are from ee or any place with very few muslims and only get your info on muslims from the reddit/news then it is no wonder that you generalise like he does . 
  that was my point . 
  the notion that i am xenophobic towards ee is really laughable seeing how i not only visited many ee countries and have friends there but also would gladly move and live in an ee country . 
  nobody there has ever done any harm to me and i 've never experienced racism there or anything like that . 
  no in this case i actually know the guy , i have read his books . 
  he is quite known here . 
  he very much identifies with his jewish heritage and with the nation of israel and even condones things like torture against palestinians . 
  you act if i was basing my opinion of him on anti-semitism or other discriminatory stereotypes while it actually is based on legitimate concerns about his stances on several issues . 
  that 's not what i said at all but whatever it is n't like you are open for any discussion, 
  i have actually . 
  in many countries even , great places and nice people . 
  he 's famous for being a dickhead against muslims for years , he just hates immigrants/arabs ( probably because he is jewish and the whole israel/palestine situation ), 
  stfu please with your bullshit . 
  it 's indeed clear that you 're eastern european and live in a bubble where everyone who 's different is scary, 
  damned german imperialism, 
  it was also one of the most discriminatory regimes this world has ever seen and can not be compared with the left wing . 
  see what i did there ? 
  now read my post again how it is a mix of values from both sides . 
  politics is more complicated than left or right . 
  national socialism combines features of ` left ' and ` right ' such as nationalism , ethnic culturalism , conservative values , welfare state , corporatism , private enterprise and such . 
  therefore calling it extreme left is incorrect since extreme left in the traditional sense of the word would be bolshevik communists or revolutionary anarchists . 
  it 's lower in the netherlands , almost back to the level of 1960 ( they lowered taxes even further recently ) . 
  the problem is that taxes shifted from corporations/the rich to the working and middle class . 
  i have actually studied ancient greek for 4 years in high school so my level of respect was quite high already mate , 
  my respect for greece has really increased in the recent years , i hope a great future awaits you guys !, 
  because it is a sensitive issue . 
  some people experience the same as you but are pro immigration for example . 
  the thing is to learn to articulate your position correctly and never be afraid to express your opinion . 
  after a while you 'll get used to it and wo n't mind the attacks as much . 
  it 's all part of the ` game ' in my opinion . 
  yup . 
  look at the hate for eastern-european workers yet almost nobody addresses how they are being exploited by our west european companies . 
  i am dutch and it just seems like the ` new ' immigration critics ca n't handle normal discussion . 
  i 'm fed up with the ` durr i ca n't express my opinion ' , sounds like a bunch of crying babies to me . 
  of course people are going to have different opinions from you and people will be critical of yours , that 's part of having an opinion . 
  i 'm super leftist and people attack me too sometimes , whatever i can handle it because i know what the fuck it means to have a different opinion from others . 
  edit : i did not want to totally dismiss the point you were making btw , just reminding you that the attacks are part of having an opinion that differs from the mainstream . 
  i agree with you and think it 's that people do n't see us muslims as individual persons anymore beyond our religion . 
  well yeah they did horrible stuff in afghanistan too of course . 
  fact is however that soviet/communist influence did help improving stuff like education and secularism . 
  the ussr modernized afghanistan , the us took it back to the stone age . 
  good job but keep on making excuses for your idiotic and borderline evil foreign policy . 
  holy shit i did n't even know you could actually see the milky way fml, 
  yeah well my dad is an arab moroccan and he said that adults respect ( ed ) jewish people . 
  when arab kids picked on jewish kids at school or on the street they were severely punished by the police . 
  kids of today never have been around jewish people which means they also did n't learn to respect them . 
  for them jewish means israeli and israel is pretty much satan in their eyes . 
  read about israel 's ( mossad ) actions to migrate jews from morocco to israel . 
  again , that is not socialism . 
  that is regulated capitalism . 
  get your facts straight . 
  that 's not how socialism works , nice try though . 
  every time capitalism fails it must be because of socialism lmao, 
  that 's nice , 
  the elephant in the room is culture, 
  nationality is not ethnicity, 
  those are not islamic rape gangs afaik but rape gangs made up of people of a similar ethnicity . 
  that 's a very important nuance if you want to tackle the problem effectively . 
  yeah no . 
  there has to happen a lot more before the `` muslamic rayguns '' guy turns out to be right . 
  do n't equate governments having a hard time enforcing their own regulations to being right about your doom scenario . 
  russia bombs in the me with permission of the respective governments , the west does not . 
  argument invalid . 
  you can have policy on that . 
  not all refugees want to stay in germany/europe , they want to stay for a bit and then go back to their country . 
  for those that want citizenship you could have a new system in place designed to integrate them . 
  i personally do n't see the big issue really outside of economic/educational problems . 
  the media and politicians exaggerate a lot . 
  i 'm semite myself and no i do n't hate myself . 
  i fully agree , was too busy for that much nuance haha, 
  random zionist bringing up his local issues for no reason . 
  gtfo, 
  yeah because that is the same situation ( it is n't ) the reason people hold on to their fundamentals is because they feel threatened by the media . 
  when you hear that you and your heritage is ` bad ' then people tend to hold on more strongly to their believes . 
  look at the confederate culture in the us . 
  there are sociological answers to everything that is happening on this subject , sadly extreme-right wing parties reject science . 
  16-24 year olds are mostly kids , of course they have crazy views lol , you guys are afraid of nothing, 
  i hope so . 
  i do all that stuff but still you assume i do n't understand the words i am typing lmao . 
  go home , you 're drunk . 
  lol i 'm not only educated in public administration but also politically active and informed .
