  we 're living in a post-facts society now , never forget when dealing with stupid . 
  wanting to destroy the single market is destabilising economies . 
  euro is destroying economies of countries that cooked their books to get in . 
  so his employers are happy with him actively working to destablise other countries economies ? 
  the amount of ignorance about our past and what actions led to it is frightening is n't it ? 
  education clearly has failed . 
  when progressive thinking people give up , just let the far-right spout their ill-informed regressive nonsense and just let the reign of idiocy happen , is when we 're lost . 
  that 's not how it works though . 
  the potus has sole control over the nuclear arsenal , there 's no safeguard in place . 
  only hope would be nuclear launch officers refusing the order , and that 's highly unlikely because they do n't know what 's going on , for all they know the order is a retaliation against a hostile first strike , and not trump going full retard . 
  there 's lots of european countries that are coming off centuries of war with one another . 
  none of them wanted to develop nukes , and none of them are considered a major power . 
  the single market has 32 members , 32 mostly different cultures , 32 different standardisations , it 's the king of all ftas , you think that can work without an overarching governing body making regulations for all members equal ? 
  and leave out the hubris about it being undemocratic , i know how parliament is being elected . 
  far right wing brainwash . 
  while it 's true that there is a goal for an ever closer union , the stated goals are not to erase national identity and replace it with something else . 
  a gouvernment acting against the interests of its people because it was bribed hardly gets any sympathy from me . 
  as well as a country invading its neighbour . 
  the proposal of own armed forces is mostly a reaction to trump and the migrant crisis . 
  trump threatening to pull out of nato and mena countries refusing to take their fortune seekers back showed that there 's a giant hole , nato without us could never defend estonia from putin , mena countries refuse because we ca n't project power even in our neighbourhood . 
  it has become a necessity , has nothing to do with being a warmonger . 
  learned this level of rhetoric reading your posts on here . 
  am i getting better ? 
  in your own little world , your mom 's basement , maybe . 
  there 's much more to peace on a historically war ridden continent than military . 
  overhwhelming majority have n't . 
  because the cost/productiveness relation is still in our favour . 
  the alternative would be no free trade with nations that are considered less developed . 
  leading to a stagnating or even decreasing economy . 
  free trade without free movement leads to what they currently have in na , factories leaving the us for cheap labour in mexico . 
  the reason trump wants to blow up nafta . 
  so i do n't quite agree with free movement . 
  no argument about the mena migrant situation though and the current establishment being unable to hold off those fortune seekers . 
  i do n't quite know what the far-right thinks it can do better though , shoot them ? 
  i ca n't be happy about that given the fact that he 's a man with an extremely short fuze , who goes on raging twitter wars , who openly asked `` why should n't we use our nukes ? 
  why do we have them then ? '', 
  and is being trusted with the big red button to do with as he pleases , i have this feeling that his first big mistake might be something with really awful consequences for the rest of the world . 
  from the evil eurocrats of course . 
  you know , because trade , cooperation and peace is a bad thing . 
  and we wonder why the far-right is gaining so much momentum . 
  yes and if everyone would be like you , that society would be doomed . 
  you know what the paradox of tolerance is right ? 
  a society that is indefinitely tolerant will be destroyed by growing intolerance . 
  so fuck it . 
  no tolerance towards nazis from me . 
  you can cuddle with them if you want . 
  just breaking the paradox of tolerance . 
  no tolerance towards the intolerant from me . 
  wqnna know what 's even more disturbing , you defending nazi scum , are you one of them ? 
  hand sign , sure man , whatever . 
  and yes it 's totally ok to beat up nazi scum . 
  no , i would call going to saudi arabia in the first place darwinism . 
  yeah , you can perfectly see comparing us and eu crime rates . 
  darwinism, 
  dear eu , close mediterranean route . 
  sincerely most people . 
  if only tve world would work that way . 
  migrant crisis solved . 
  eh , 5 weeks a year of paid vacation , maternity leave , sick leave , less working hours per week in general , no one goes broke because he got shot on the street , no one gets shot on the street in the first place , much lower crime rate , free education . 
  i tale all of that over 20 % more money , thank you very much . 
  yes , especially whenever i see one of those u.s. hospital bill horrorstories ( like my favourite of a father being charged $ 100 because he held his newborn ) or remind myself that not too long ago they invaded a sovereign country to get their greedy fat fingers on its oil . 
  we may earn a bit less on average , but europe is an indefinitely better place to live overall , i think its the best place on earth in fact . 
  blitzkrieg intensifies, 
  back to t_d with you . 
  so was hitler to some . 
  how many has austria invited ? 
  it 's asinine to think a country of 8.5 million should deal with over a million migrants . 
  we took more than germany per capita regardless even though the8 bundesmutti invited them . 
  how many has poland taken ? 
  i would love those pandurs + 750 pairs of boots on the brenner now . 
  who said anything about killing them ? 
  the original point was to arrest ngos for human trafficking and dump the migrants back at the african coast instead of rewarding them with a ticket to europe for intentionally bringing themselves in distress . 
  we have always changed or ignored the law when it was being abused and/or did n't work like intended to protect our society , i do n't see why we should n't in this case . 
  i get the sentiment , but we have no navy that we could send to help you do what must be done ( arresting ngos , dumping the migrant loads back in lybia instead of ferrying them over . ), 
  we 're talking 700 troops , you know damn well that is no invasion force , in fact , you 're acting as if we 're preparing to send 70k with tanks and all shebang and it reveals your true intentions . 
  oh please stop this italian sharade . 
  it 's all about not being able to wave them through to the north anymore , not this `` muh history '' nonsense you 're using as a righteous pretext to cover the truth . 
  ca n't blame the italians for voting so then in the same way you ca n't blame austria for securing its border . 
  countries should do what must be done to protect themselves from this foreign intrusion , if it means letting the european project die when the eu is unwilling to protect the interests of its own citizens then so be it . 
  pathetic , you would lose substantially more in increased transport cost . 
  next . 
  and in what way could you regulate internal commerce to make specifically austrian goods and services within the european single market unattractive ? 
  he is just too intriguing of an exemplar to let go . 
  member states ca n't put their own legislation on the single market . 
  again , you are the one who says securing our sovereign territory against a foreign incursion would be an `` act of war '' towards you . 
  europe is lucky that people like you are not in charge , otherwise the entire continent would be a steaming pile of rubble by now . 
  you have played too much civ 6 . 
  deploying the military within your own borders is not a threat . 
  we can and will secure the brenner if this ferry service does n't stop . 
  how is threatening to secure our border a `` military threat '' ? 
  what about regulating selling weapons to opressive regimes that are also funding those attacks ? 
  we 're not here to discuss chinese security standards . 
  neither of those made its surroundings inhabitable . 
  yeah , just ask the people who lived near tschernobyl and fukushima how green their former home is . 
  you 're da real edgelord . 
  at least he wo n't turn some non-nuclear country to ash over a twitter feud at 3am in the near future . 
  nuclear is a whole different topic , you can see on my flair what i most likely think of it . 
  your point ? 
  germany is actively fighting it unlike trumpistan . 
  feels weird rooting for a fatal heart attack .
