did n't the eu supreme court decide that you guys can withhold welfare from non-uk citizens ? 
  at least i think i read this sometime here ? 
  i was giving you an example , i could n't care less about you not caring . 
  meh , does n't change the fact that brexit arguments are generally far right . 
  by 2010 there were 2,24 million people from other eu countries living in the uk , 3,6 % of the population . 
  11,3 % of the total population are immigrants . 
  austria has 15 % of total pop immigrants , 5 % from other eu countries , germany as well . 
  but boohooo you 're so hard done by huh ? 
  right , because most of the arguments for brexit are n't right wing . 
  ( cough , 30 % immigration from `` dirty '' eu countrys when in reality its just ~ 3 % , cough cough ), 
  before . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_austria#immigration  according to eurostat , there were 1.27 million foreign-born residents in austria in 2010 , corresponding to 15.2 % of the total population . 
  of these , 764,000 ( 9.1 % ) were born outside the eu and 512,000 ( 6.1 % ) were born in another eu member state . 
  austria has about 15 % , germany as well , so it 's nothing uk specific . 
  i 'll show him inhuman treatment . 
  are you daft ? 
  who said anything about using it against boats ? 
  you would be surprised how well tear gas and water cannons work . 
  also now you need more funds ? 
  i thought you said it was n't possible to protect sea border , but now more funds are the solution ? 
  i have a better solution . 
  meh , when the hitler card is played , you lost your argument . 
  it 's simple , when you ca n't secure the outer border , you ca n't be part of schengen . 
  schengen only works when the outer border is secure , it 's an astonoshingly simple concept . 
  you always say you ca n't protect the border , so this is a problem the eu will deal with very soon . 
  some greeks like to play the victim every time greece 's own inability to fulfill its part of contracts gets them into trouble . 
  nothing new here . 
  it 's a band-aid , not a solution . 
  a solution would be if no eu country is being invaded by this mass migration anymore . 
  without people like her we would soon be drowning in `` refugees '' while the rest of this amazing `` union '' would turn a blind eye . 
  i 'm glad she acts the way she does . 
  come on downvotes , hit me with your best shot . 
  you are the one who tried to bring overall migration up as an argument against the point i was making that we already accepted more than our share of refugees . 
  yes , because maybe it will force a solution , because when we accepted 90k last year and sweden fucked itself up no one batted an eyelid , all because of the politics made by that dumbass bitch in berlin . 
  now it 's your turn , geography fucks you in this case . 
  i really hope an actual solution is on the horizon . 
  good night . 
  austria hosts 9.1 % foreign born people ( outside of eu ) and 15.2 % if we count eu as well . 
  want a sad violin for greece 's migration statistics ? 
  wo n't be getting it from me . 
  firstly , citation needed . 
  secondly , we are n't the ones unable to protect a schengen border like we agreed to do when entering the schengen zone . 
  are you daft ? 
  about the same amount ? 
  you would have to accept around 300.000 in order to reach the same quota as little 8 million population austria with its 37.000 . 
  get off your high horse . 
  and that 's for 2016 . 
  2015 would mean 810.000 `` refugees '' for you if you want to talk about accepting the same amount . 
   technology yeah , i like to think so as well , but the truth is , unless we come up with a way to read peoples minds , and that quickly , our tech will do fuck all . 
  that leaves the carpet bombing if we really want to stop it . 
  sucks . 
  i forgot the dirty eastern europeans stealing yer jerbs . 
  i learned in 2000 and see what happened in the world . 
  `` iraq is developing wmds . '', 
  i 'm having a terrible deja vu . 
  it 's only evil if it 's european . 
  we are , see brexit . 
  and le pen is going to win in france , my spider sense is tingling . 
  some common ground !, 
  i like your `` no u '' defense , it 's cute . 
  and trust me , i went from not wanting the uk to leave at around the time of the referendum , to not being able to see you out the door fast enough . 
  because british spirit in action . 
  ok , since you 're immune to logic and reason i 'm going to use equal level rhetoric . 
  stop paying the member fee and see what happens then . 
  or much better , you can always leave in protest . 
  so you think being a member entails making decisions that affect the gym and its members long after you 're gone ? 
  thanks for providing a live example for british exeptionalism . 
  it would be run by the majority of people living their and paying taxes , instead of being run by a minority of ultra-conservative farmers . 
  but cool , so we 've established that the `` oldest democracy in the world '' is n't a democracy at all . 
  hardly , the uk is still using the gym , you 're still part of the single market no ? 
  it 's more like the uk informed others to leave the gym , and the others are meeting to decide what new equipment will be bought once uk is gone . 
  eu support in austria is around 70 % + , it 's why the far-right recently changed its stance from `` leave this shithole ! '', 
  to `` actually , we always liked the eu . '', 
  tyranny of the majority . 
  are you for real ? 
  because tyranny of the minority makes more sense . 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  a democracy that weighs the votes of people differently depending on where they live is not a democracy . 
  us spending 4 times exceeds eu spending . 
  wyoming gets 1 elector for every ~ 190k citizens . 
  california gets 1 elector for every ~ 670k citizens . 
  your vote is worth about 28 % of someone 's from wyoming . 
  and as a consequence of that , the vote of someone from wyoming counts about 4 times as much as the vote of a texan . 
  democracy guise !, 
  ca n't we just shoot her like david attenborough suggested we 'd do with trump before it 's too late ? 
  there 's still time !, 
  edit : i see , reddit is humourless today . 
   freedom the uk 's blocking of a combined eu military is endangering the freedom of some of our member states . 
  invoke article 7 !, 
  i can see how they can spin it . 
  relying on the us for defense always has been a mistake , but we 're not arguing that at all right now ? 
  you ca n't wait with security , what are we going to do if russia gets horny ? 
  ask them to wait until we sort out our stuff because we did n't immediately do something when the first signs of change showed up ? 
  absolutely , but that was over 60 years ago . 
  times have changed , the only one who 'd have an issue with us dropping our neutrality and those treaties are the russians , and they are the enemy , so ... 
  yes , that 's what i mean with cowardly . 
  because let 's be real , we are n't neutral anymore as a member of eu . 
  we are in the heart of europe surrounded by friends and are using our geographical location as our defense , spending a miniscule amount on military ( 0.68 % of gdp !!! ), 
  and that 's just shortsighted and cowardly . 
  historical russian territory tovarish,
