  this is indeed a bit of a silver lining . 
  the fact that we europeans fear that happening so much does give trump 's position some merrit though . 
  we really should n't depend on someone else for our own security , we are allies but loading the burden on the ally is just not fair . 
  so the eu really needs to get its shit together in that regard . 
  especially my own country should change its cowardly stance . 
  the problem with this currently happening neo-populist/anti-globalist movement ? 
  the statements i made above were n't mine , they were made by experts ( not calling people stupid , but in other ways , you know what i mean ) who thought themselves to know about their countries political situation . 
  and they were all damn wrong . 
  i 'm sorry but , `` brexit wo n't happen because people are n't stupid '' `` trump wo n't happen because people are n't stupid '' `` le pen wo n't happen because ... '' see a pattern there ? 
  people are stupid , they just are , they can easily get bamboozled by populists , 2016 is the best proof for this statement . 
  good luck trying to make that happen sith scum like le pen , wilders , farrage or strache breathing down our necks . 
  well , you 're probably the first person i ever saw who thinks that opposing gay marriage is not equal to being homophobic . 
  but they still are n't running the country and are trying to eradicate the opposition like in turkey . 
  yeah , i 'm sure an openly sexist , lbgtphobic and racist president has good sides to him as well . 
  we just do n't see them guise, 
  in 100 years they will be seeing 2016 in the same way we 're seeing 1933 . 
  the gift that keeps on giving . 
  watch the uk , china 's trojan horse within the eu , block it as long as they still can . 
  did n't you see the invisible / s ? 
  watch the uk block it, 
  i need to move to the netherlands . 
  just average brexiteer logic . 
  what an unholy mess uk politics are . 
  g'day mate, 
  found the putin bot . 
  all just fear-mongering !!!, 
  the last time nationalism rose in europe was around 1930 . 
  guess what happened next ? 
  i have no idea . 
  way too close to tell . 
  50,2 % hofer , 49,8 % vdb, 
  i do n't think so , depends on what the coalition partner does i would say . 
  but that would also be suicidal for them ( they had the same low amount of votes during the presidental elections that triggered this ) so i doubt it . 
  entirely depends on if his party can reform itself . 
  not really a shock for austrians . 
  stop making a fool out of yourself , germany long surpassed you in terms of economy , and france alone is militarily your equal . 
  also https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita do some research you twat . 
  your comment is laughable schoolyard level . 
  monsters . 
  you reap what you sow cornwall . 
  yes !, 
  let 's get the old band back together !, 
  becoming ? 
  always has been the 51st state of trumpistan . 
  and you from coming over here when your hero 's climate policy leads to you guys drowning . 
  we are living in a post-truth society , facts mean nothing only feels . 
  us bvr success rate in iraq war was around 17 % , against old soviet jets with no ecm or awareness of missile , how high will it be against a modern fighter ? 
  jets can close the distance in a few seconds if necessary , there you have your dogfight . 
  and they wo n't be able to attack outside radar range , it 's our land , we have powerful land/ship based radar systems to find it , typhoon can use meteor , the bvraam with the highest operational range right now . 
  eu economy will change then , it will become a closed up war economy to gear up . 
  of course we are getting a bit ridiculous , no even trump would be crazy enough to war the us ' former allies , all just purly theoretical of course . 
  that 's also not how it functions , spending does n't equate to who will win , again , the defender is always hugely favoured , they would have to invade us not the other way around , meaning they would have to opperate from the see , they have 10 nimitz class aircraft carriers that can hold up to 85 planes each , not all of them are air superiority , only 48 per ship are hornets , eu countries opperate substantially more air superiority fighters than that ( and much better ones , typhoon     hornet , carrier based aircraft are always inferior to land based ones ) , no air superiority for the us over europe . 
  the us ca n't invade europe , and also not the other way around , stalemate , spending 3x more or not . 
  no one is strong enough to ignore a foreign threat and put no measures against it , the us itself gave up a lot of its own people 's freedom just because some goat shepherds from afghanistan crashed planes into two towers and a defence ministry . 
  we need to wake up , the us under trump is our new enemy , the 70 years transatlantic alliance ceased to exist when that orrange clown became potus . 
  it wouod n't ruin their own economy in the same way it would ruin the us , you do n't think trump could piss them off enough ? 
  watch that orange fuckwit . 
  and no , the us would not win a war here , it would n't be a competition if we fought on the other side of the world since the eu ca n't project power globally , but this is our soil , they ca n't bring the same amount of troops over here that we have , armed conflict always hugely favours the defender . 
  and france 's nuclear arsenal is more than enough to destroy all major cities . 
  70 years ago , times have changed , you 've elected a guy that not only wants to fuck your allies but is also cuddling up to the arch nemesis . 
  i very much agree with the parent comment in that i see the us as enemy of my well being and therefore my new enemy . 
  yes , the single market ( including the uk ) is as big of an economy as the us , trump does n't like that . 
  if trump pisses off both the eu and china enough we can gang up on them in a trade war and ruin their economy , what 's the us going to do ? 
  nuke us ? 
  we can nuke back . 
  us armed forces are setup to bully 3rd world countries around , not attack an opponent that can actually fight back , the us might have global power projection but they would n't be able to win an offensive war on european soil . 
  krone is bad , but the worst austrian paper really is nowhere near as bad as the british gutter press . 
  which has nothing to do with how putin acts , are you deliberately being daft ? 
  these people show up here because you bombed north africa into a shithole and not because merkel invited them to do so . 
  and saying if y then x has nothing to do with not accepting democracy , it has to do with solidarity not being a one way street . 
  and in what way does n't she respect democracy or wanting to invade q neighbour in the migrant crisis ? 
  stop grasping straws , in what way does n't merkel respect democracy or is willing to invade a neigbour ? 
  i 'm white , straight , but the difference between you and me ? 
  i 'm not an asshole who wants to tell others who they are allowed to love , nor do i think it 's acceptable to prosecute people just because they 're holding a politically different opinion , unlike you and your hero . 
  yes , snuggle up to a lgbtq hating , racist dictator , what an amazing chance for the west . 
  who said anything about uk ? 
  we 'll be fine , trump is pissing off the chinese too . 
  hello trade war !, 
  so let 's call them austrian born german/american politicians then , and not austrian politicians because that 's false . 
  ok , by the same logic we can say putin is a ukranian politician because he rules part of the country . 
  he was a failed artist here . 
  he became chancellor in germany , german politician . 
  schwarzenegger was born here , but you would n't call him an austrian politician no ? 
  german politician . 
  now i get it , your austria flair kinda fucked with my head . 
  i do n't get it bra . 
  so fucking triggered right now . 
  nation a trades with nation b , nation b 's economy is dependend on the trade , nation a decides to stop importing from nation b because it decided that builing their own factories is more benefitial to them in the long term , nation b suffers greatly and develops lots of hate for nation a. 
  war soon ? 
  that is what nationalism leads to . 
  ignoring history and saying `` this time it will be different , just watch '' is one of the most stupid things one can do . 
  no , the premise of `` we do n't give a fuck about others '' is as old as mankind . 
  the word is new , not the premise . 
  can you show me where i said nazis ? 
  europe has been in the grip of nationalistic politics for most of its history , only some were nazis . 
  i 'd like to see europe after 50 years of extreme nationalistic governments . 
  wait !, 
  i only have to look into a history book for that !, 
  that 's why she 's sucking putin 's dick . 
  a media that is continuously spreading blatant lies to push an agenda , in this case , so a rich fuck becomes more influential , does n't have much to do with free press .
