  well , the voters in one big european nation already fired them , several others will follow soon if this continues and the entire project will die . 
  a failed state with no functioning law enforcement or military ? 
  what are they going to do exactly ? 
  we have a military , not us level but a military that can project some power in our neighbourhood , we are being attacked by criminals , lets make sure they ca n't attack us anymore . 
  the average european gets to live in one of the most wealthy countries on the planet due to the eu . 
  i 'm production manager in one of our steel plants , and i know from our history that our plant was very close to shutting down in the early 90s , we joined the eu and our order book exploded to the point we built a new plant ( the most modern one on the planet at the time . ), 
  the eu was hugely benefitial for us , in fact , i think as a small landlocked country with highly developed export oriented industry , we would be rather screwed if the single market ceased to exist . 
  ca n't tolerate the intolerant anymore . 
  i 'm going to make a very bold prediction and say it will end how it usually ends for the french , they will wave their [ national flag ] ( http://www.catholiclane.com/wp-content/uploads/white-flag1.jpg ) and leg it . 
  actually austria is quite pro eu , we did a poll after the brexit vote saying around 70 % are pro membership , because people understand that as a small country with highly developed export oriented industry , we would be pretty screwed if the single market either ceased to exist or we left it . 
  it 's the reason our far-right populists recently changed their tone from `` leave this shithole '' to `` actually , the eu is pretty great . '', 
  what is true however is that austrians are usually strongly opposed to further eu integration , like military . 
  what 's your point ? 
  anti-eu parties came up in every country when it joined , but only gained substantial traction in the recent years due to the migrants . 
  get rid of the migrants get rid of the traction . 
  cause and effect . 
  what 's your point ? 
  anti-eu parties came up in every country when it joined , but only gained substantial traction in the recent years due to the migrants . 
  get rid of the migrants get rid of the traction . 
  cause and effect . 
  those new # 350m per week sure helped a lot . 
  nice mental gymnastics . 
  all the same for me . 
  science has gone too far ... 
  i would n't accept a claim from a fake-news site from the likes of breitbart/russia today anyhow . 
  http://www.gallup.com/poll/116479/barack-obama-presidential-job-approval.aspx considering the utter mess he inherited from bush , the biggest economic crisis since the great depression as well as 2 wars , 1 of which pretty much a crime , his approval ratings are quite impressive . 
  have you been in a whole during the whole campaign ? 
  but oh well , just the last few days . 
  whining about pence in hamilton , whining about saturday night live making a sketch on his costs . 
  but obama is a deeply competent guy and not a whining authoritarian orange man child . 
  i do n't see how funding euroskeptic parties across the eu , or hacking the dnc before the us election takes all that much brain power from his part to pull off . 
  or you know , employing a troll brigade to flood the west with fake news ... `` critical thinking '', 
  maybe you should develop `` critical thinking '' instead of taking everything you read on russia today and breitbart for granted . 
  maybe the french and the brits should n't have bombed the place to shit level to avoid those types showing up at their door step ? 
  was n't the eu that ordered the bombing . 
  nah , more the far-right that thinks isolationism instead of cooperation is key to success . 
  why do you think putin is funding those types ? 
  out of his good heart ? 
  he 's doing the old divide et impera , very successful so far . 
  well , rip eu i wonder how long it will take for the sheeps to realise that they 've been played by putin funded power-hungry maniacs that do n't give a shit about their well being ? 
   hollande said firmness was absolutely necessary otherwise `` the principles of the european union will be questioned '' and `` other countries or other parties will be minded to leave the european union in order to have the supposed benefits and no downsides or rules '' . 
  again , no one is talking about punishment , only talking about no cherry picking . 
  you have to read the whole article instead of just the sensationalist headline . 
   hollande said firmness was absolutely necessary otherwise `` the principles of the european union will be questioned '' and `` other countries or other parties will be minded to leave the european union in order to have the supposed benefits and no downsides or rules '' . 
  again , no one is talking about punishment , only talking about no cherry picking . 
  you have to read the whole article instead of just the sensationalist headline . 
  source ? 
  all i ever saw was people saying the uk ca n't leave the disadvantages behind and keep the advantages because that would encourage others to try the same . 
  because you 're somehow concluding `` they want to punish us '' when someone says `` we wo n't allow them to cherry pick . '', 
  politicians have openly said the uk ca n't leave the club due to its perceived disadvantages but cherry pick the perceived advantages for themselves . 
  corporate greed . 
  is that why they elected a guy who 's living in his ivory tower in manhattan , sitting on golden thrones and avoiding taxes like there 's no tomorrow ? 
  stop being ridiculous . 
   `` europe should not open its doors to illegal immigrants who are potentially terrorists '' but that 's also not what happened in america and i tend to agree with you on that . 
  blaming all of their problems on the dirty mexicans and people who are n't them is incitement , which is exactly what happened . 
   and this is why we ca n't have proper conversations ; i 'm not crying nazi , just stating the fact that people used to say back in the days , that hitler 's anti-semitism was just a tool to get into the office , no one should worry . 
  to the point that actual jews also voted for him because they thought he was kidding and were supporting his economic measures . 
  so the `` do n't take that shit seriously '' excuse really is a dangerous one . 
  people said the same about hitler , all he did was talk a big game , no worries . 
  hateful rhetoric with the intention to incite hate serves only one purpose . 
  tl ; dr we want to have our cake and eat it too, 
  you could say ... \\ ( \u2022 _ \u2022 ) \\ ( \u2022 _ \u2022 )  \u2310 \u25a0 - \u25a0 she nearly trashed the flight . 
  ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ) yyyyyyyeeeeeaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh, 
  because the us has a two party system , one of which did its absolute best to block everything in the past 8 years , simply so they can now sell this narrative that the other party failed the country just to get hitler 2.0 into the office . 
  that 's why the us does n't belong on the list . 
   15 austria hahahahahahahaha ahahahah hahaha ahhh ... hooo boy the world is so fucked if that is true, 
  oh , i absolutely agree . 
  he does have good points in his programme , like helping out the small people who feel like the current establishment is living on their backs for the last 20 years . 
  that 's what won him this election because that 's the biggie for this people , for obvious reasons . 
  i just do n't think those people will be better off at the end of his term , for a plethora of reasons i do n't really want to argue now . 
  his blatant racist/sexist/anti-lgbt / anti-environment stance is n't something most people who voted for him agree with i think . 
  they just did n't see it as a priority for themselves , or have no clue about because it does n't affect them . 
  they saw hillary and saw more of the same living on their backs , so they voted for the change trump promised them , him being a bigoted asshole or not . 
  i will say , the fact that a guy who 's living in a gold plated ivory tower , managed to sell himself as being anti-establishment is hilariously sad . 
  as much as i think trump is literally hitler . 
  he does have a point . 
  is that why us presidental candidates spend 95 % of their campaign time in rural america talking about fertilisers instead of talking to those paying the most taxes ? 
  because tyranny of the minority makes more sense . 
  he certainly helped . 
  the us has a system in place that gives the voice of someone from wyoming 3,5 times the weight as someone 's from california . 
  a system that theoretically allows it to win the office with 21,8 % . 
  that 's not democratic at all . 
  weakening the continent in order to prevent it from becoming too powerful has been british policy for ages . 
  there 's been plenty of leave voters who 's stated goal was to take down the eu , i do n't know how many exactly but they 're numerous , and now that some of them are actively participating to reduce my standard of living , the only logical conclusion is that they 're my enemies . 
  how easy it is to bring westerners up against each other , putin is doing a damn fine job . 
  yup , this is it . 
  national movements about wanting to leave eu is one thing , actively trying to destroy eu and other countries ' economies because my well being is n't in their interest is on a whole new level . 
  first time i actually think of the uk as my enemy . 
  it 's the 21st century and i 'm thinking of another european nation as my enemy . 
  but eu had nothing to do with peace in europe , that was all just nato right ? 
  the glue is at fault !, 
  because maybe i was n't politically interested back when the euro came because of my age ? 
  so i ca n't discuss the viability of his claim at all ? 
  tbh his argument sounds more like hindsight is 20/20 than anything else . 
  and please , you want to tell me that did n't influence the referendum at all ? 
  that people who 're dumb enough to take their information out of the gutter papers would n't hear that and go `` fuck yea he 's right ! '', 
  since when are we listening to experts ? 
  i thought we were fed up with them ? 
  honestly , at this point i ca n't see them out the door fast enough . 
  sad for the 48 % but it would be great if we could get rid of everyone actively trying to destroy our countries out of spite .
