  that 's cool . 
  i could n't give two shits about these people . 
  i care about my son , my girlfriend , my family , friends , fellow nationals and then my fellow europeans . 
  in that order . 
  the rest . 
  i do n't give a fuck about them . 
  they are not our responsibility . 
  i 'm just being honest . 
  i understand and i appreciate your honesty . 
  i 'm more of a big picture guy . 
  i believe that if society gets better , i 'll get better from it in the long run . 
  judging by the 97 in your username , i 'm guessing that you are only a teen . 
  yeah you got me there , i am aware that i 'm still a simple kid with only a basic understanding about the `` real '' world . 
  i 'm not oblivious as some of my contemporaries but i 'm 100 % aware that some of my views can be seen as idealist and unrealistic . 
  but for now , i feel that they are right and as long as my feeling and logic keep saying that i 'm sticking to it . 
  there probably will be a day that i might abandon my naive ideas so i 'm doing my best to try and listen to other viewpoint . 
  i think i 'm doing alright so far . 
  back to our little discussion , the economy statement , i 'm curious how many jobs would stay available if there was no immigration . 
  at least , labor costs would increase to find people to fill those jobs . 
  higher labor costs mean lower win margins which hurt your economy . 
  but your point was true , i 'm a complete novice in anything economic . 
  i 'm planning on following a economy `` course '' on khanacademy but that will be after the exams . 
   we are not running a global soupkitchen here , gents . 
  tell their countries leaders that we shall cut all aid payments and packages until they sort this out . 
  you do realize that this would further destabilize regions and slow down economic growth in these regions which would lead to more desperate ** people ** trying to get to europe . 
  if you want to stop immigrants , this is a terrible idea as it would strain the poor , desperate taxpayer even more . 
  listen , we are rich , believe it or not . 
  if you make enough money to get a decent roof over your head here , never go hungry or thirsty and have an average quality of ( european styled ) life you are rich . 
  it is our duty as a species to help those less fortunate than us . 
  there are a lot of problems here , i know . 
  ( youth ) unemployment is high and our economy took a big hit but that is n't going to change when we ban immigrants . 
  those 20 million are n't going to suddenly find a job . 
  it would even cost jobs if you think of all the people who work in asylums ( although it is n't an incredible margin i know , i know ) . 
  trowing immigrants out would harm the economy more than keeping them here as they fill up a lot of `` lowly '' jobs . 
  the far right rhetoric of `` everything will be fine when we kick these guys out '' is simply ludicrous . 
  it wo n't solve all of our problems , it wo n't revitalize our economy , it is not the ultimate solution . 
  please , i beg you to try and look at this rationally . 
  what would kicking them out do to help us ? 
  in the grand scheme of it all , i do n't think that it will work out the way many people believe it will . 
  that would compromise our own democracy , they have a right to protest . 
  even for those who want to destroy it . 
  because , morally , it 's a horrible thing to do . 
  it 's easy to see them as mere refugees who want to leach on our system but you ca n't forget that they are people . 
  people like us . 
  but they are desperate and i mean really desperate . 
  they sold of their posessions to make that trip , left everything behind that they know and just want a shot at a better life . 
  a zero tolerance approach is inhumane and causes more human suffering than we can imagine . 
  i 'm not so naive to think that we can just let them on but the reality is that we ca n't kick them all back either . 
  it would compromise every modern notion of civilisation . 
  it 's a tough question and i do n't think anyone has an answer but that does n't mean we should take the easy , but heartless option . 
  or at least that 's my 2 cents . 
  i disagree , if their is a government formation without the nva ( fuck those guys by the way . 
  also , i 'm completely unbiased ) their will still be a majority in charge . 
  if bart de wever does n't cooperate with other parties it 's his and only his fault . 
  my 2 cents, 
  they 'll probably tear each other apart with constant infighting . 
  the only thing they have in common is their euro scepticism and immigrationial ideas . 
  but that 's it . 
  they wo n't survive long . 
  thanks , typing on a phone at 1:30 is a terrible idea . 
  but i wantes to join you , think of the fun we 'll have, 
  actually , the organisation tries to keep politics out of the ceremony . 
  but then again , that 's impossible . 
  so what are you ? 
  drunk or high ? 
  or both ? 
  tbh , i do n't mind at all . 
  there are dozens of singing competition that focus purely on the singing itself ( or at least more than in the eurovision ) . 
  it 's fun to see one that just sais fuck it we 're doing something crazy . 
  while watching this you should turn off your brain and just look at the weirdness . 
  that is how i enjoy it . 
  it 's sad considering how much the organisation tries to avoid political interference . 
  but it 's unavoidable i guess . 
  well they were his preshow a couple of times . 
  i guess that they learnes some tricks from him . 
  jup someone already pointed it out . 
  i was talking about her in another comment tread and i mixed them up . 
  crap , i was talking to some other people about beardlady . 
  plus did you hear her sing ? 
  when you consider that he 's a man , it 's unbelievable how she sang . 
  edit : this happens when i 'm talking in 2 separate conversations ... their hair was amazing . 
  how the hell do you get something like that, 
  it 's fairly simple , eurovision has never been about the songs . 
  look back on all the winners im recent memory . 
  they were remembered for their act not there song . 
  it 's all about the act in this contest . 
  of course singing is still important ( the netherlands did n't have an amazing act but a great performance ) but it 's all about how you perform . 
  it 's fairly simple , eurovision has never been about the songs . 
  look back on all the winners im recent memory . 
  they were remembered for their act not there song . 
  it 's all about the act in this contest . 
  of course singing is still important ( the netherlands did n't have an amazing act but a great performance ) but it 's all about how you perform . 
  poor france , i really liked their act . 
  poland just overdid it . 
  the song was n't bad but the whole tits + making butter just ruines it all . 
  that 's cheap, 
  true , they did not deserve that . 
  they were quite good . 
  dude it 's part of the show . 
  it 's all about the act .
