i did not know that , thank you for the info . 
  thank you for the info . 
  a bit unrelated but what is the mocow times ? 
  are they a real russian newspaper or are they a branch of western media ? 
  i recently read an article concerning homophobia in russia / soviet union . 
  they see homosexuality in a completely different way . 
  they see it as a choice at best and a disease at worst . 
  it 's this radical different viewpoint that causes the lack of support in russia . 
  it 's considered as bad as pedophilia in some places . 
  maybe this is the reason behind thr east vs west difference ? 
  seeing homosexuality as a choice instead of something you 're born with ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  one problem , roaming costs . 
  i 'm so glad that they 'll be gone soon . 
  bugger , i was on mobile so i did n't notice your flair . 
  the joke missed me completely . 
  not interested in joining us again ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i feel much more dutch than belgian and i like dutch better . 
  dutch father belgian mother living on the dutch-belgian border . 
  i consider myself dutch so i decided on this flair . 
  i know , i know . 
  it 's just that do n't want to cut the country in half . 
  we 're already a worthless speck on the map and cutting it up even more will make us irrelevant on a global level . 
  there might be a chance that it 'll work if enough people get behind it . 
  my ideal situation would be a new united kingdom of the netherlands consisting of flanders and the netherlands . 
  realistically , i think we should just federalise everything . 
  one government for belgium with maybe a dutch , french and german commission who can handle linguistic problem . 
  no more flanders and wallonia , just belgium . 
  yes , why do the flemish oppose this idea anyway ? 
  it 's glorious !, 
  why do n't they make this deal with belgium ? 
  we 've been having overcrowded prisons as long as i can remember . 
  no , never , no , please no ... 
  i refuse to live in an independent flanders !, 
  that would make us even more irrelevant in the grand scheme of things . 
  even worse , our new leader would be [ bart de wever ] ( http://1.standaardcdn.be/assets/images_upload/2014/02/13/bc0bc7d2-94a1-11e3-b854-ce42e9e2d5ca_web_scale_0.070555_0.070555__.jpg?maxheight=416&amp;maxwidth=568&amp;format=jpg ) * shudder *, 
  de speld never dissapoints . 
  * said the man anonymoussly through the internet * i understand that but i have never been bothered by it . 
  but that 's just me, 
  point taken , i ca n't help being a naive guy who wants to help everyone . 
  i pity them , trowing away their young lives because they were born in a fanatical family or met the wrong people . 
  i still see them as people that need help . 
  i feels like i 'm the only idiot left who feels like that . 
  i concur but i it 's not a popular opinion here in europe , especially in belgium . 
  it 's a pointless law imo . 
  if the women want to wear it out of religious believe , they are being forced not to . 
  i get the women 's right argument about the veil being used to discriminate women but then again , does the law solve the issue ? 
  it just takes it out of the street image but it solves nothing . 
  it closes the debate with the muslim community and is a middle finger to those who really want to wear it . 
  hmm my choice of words do have a bit of a , sinister , undertone . 
  i 'm correcting it . 
  thank you for the heads up . 
  and when they do , how will they come back ? 
  i 'm sure that the vast majority will return as broken individuals . 
  they 've gone through and have caused literal hell on hearth . 
  we ca n't just lock them up and be done with it . 
  they are desperate , angry , afraid , unsure , ... my idea is to let them be detained in closed off mental facilities . 
  we might be able to make some of them realize what they thought was the right thing is in fact a horrible crime against all of humanity . 
  think about all the nazi 's that saw the error in their ways and repented . 
  why should n't this be the case with these extremists ? 
  they obviously still need to face some sort of punishment for their crimes i do n't have any real knowledge on the exact legal procedures . 
  edit : my choice of words made it sound like i wanted to brainwash them when they returned . 
  thanks u/tovarish _ petrov pointing it out . 
  you should give it to me , as extra punishment . 
  i might pick it up during a sale . 
  you trickes me ? 
  i condemn you to drink dutch beer for the rest for the month . 
  in all seriousness , i did n't see . 
  i have yet to play vic 2 . 
  i have played ck2 and eu4 but vic 2 never spoke to me . 
  how in the name of beer and chocolate did this happen ? 
  they ca n't rush to conclusions yet . 
  there is nothing but circumstantial evidence that the plane was downed by a rocket fired by russian terrorists . 
  getting angry at russia wont solve anything . 
  first we need answers , then we will get those bastards what they deserve . 
  how does russia pay for all of this ? 
  first the olympics , increased military expenses , increased secret police spendings and the international sanctions and now this ? 
  are they getting there money back from all these sport events ? 
  i currently live in belgium so i 'll take that nation . 
  disband the 6 governments and combine them to one definitive belgian government . 
  brussel will become a regular city instead of a separately governed region . 
  there will be no flanders or wallonia . 
  there will be a new branch of government that will deal exclusively on the language problem and they 'll decide in what language the government will use in all regions . 
  the only thing that might come to mind is the ritual burning of the christmas trees . 
  unfortunately , the lowlands seem to have completely lost their pagan roots . 
  this means no fun festivities for me . 
  are you from the uk ? 
  how is the eu situation ? 
  all the news coming from there makes me worry that they 'll keep hindering the eu . 
  hell , they might even leave it from what i hear . 
  i 'm quite ignorant on cameron 's stance on this but why would he ever back guy verhofstadt ? 
  he 's a diehard federalist and with the rise of the ukip it would seem political suicide to support him . 
  i 'm missing something are n't i ? 
  glory to arstotzka, 
  quick followup , thank you for taking your time discussing with me . 
  i did learn from you that there are more people out there who purely focus on their own family 's well being than i imagined and i now get why some people follow the right winged ideas . 
  thank you , 
   i 'm not a humanist . 
  you are .
