you do n't have a great record of merging countries either ... 
  the vodafone shop did it for me in about 30 seconds, 
  putinoff is actually pretty decent . 
  aldi/lidl to quite a few good drinks if you know which ones to get . 
  their gins are often good, 
  not only that , the codebreaking of enigma was vastly aided by the work polish cryptographers did before the war . 
  `` all this has happened before , and all of it will happen again . '', 
  hell , europe has a nice train network to use, 
  bit of a crappy protest , cutting off the nose to spite the face . 
  it seems that there 's also this :  britain has been warned that lord hill is unlikely to secure a leading portfolio because he has never held a significant public office should 've picked someone a bit better maybe ... 
  erm , does n't seem like the one that started this was a criminal ... 
  actually , the one uk train line that is ran by the state ( east coast , as the previous franchise holder pulled out at little notice due to not being able to make a profit ) is now regarded as the best run one . 
   national anthem and let it be rule britannia or land of hope and glory ugh . 
  it should be jerusalem . 
  far better song . 
  the ft is pretty much as neutral as it gets . 
  i 'm sure lenin took a piss from time to time ... 
  arguably the rc church 's finest accomplishment, 
  also , why bases ? 
  more a question of could russia & mexico form a purely defensive pact ? 
  one of those involved stationing nuclear weapons, 
  i like the coronation of napoleon , as the pope had to be `` photoshopped '' in, 
  there are other ways . 
  in an islamic mortgage , the bank buys the house , and the occupier gradually buys it off them, 
  germany reaped the benefits of the euro , guess its time for them to pay it back, 
  the princess louise has a fantastic interior . 
  luckily it 's so expensive it 's hard to do that . 
  so would you rather be stuck in camps , not knowing whether or not there will be any food aid , or flee to the west ? 
  hell , they 're even using the refugees to their benefit , they need them to shore up the world 's lowest birth rate . 
  the hatred of the germans seems to be intensified for them daring to show the rest of us up . 
  what good is money if you do n't have somewhere safe to live . 
  `` how dare they teach children to love thy neighbour . 
  it 's unchristian . '', 
  `` i 'm against any system that tries to educate people '' * your comment, 
  so the neighbouring countries should have to take all the strain ? 
  turkey and lebanon have each taken more than all the eu put together . 
  except that people who are pro choice and usually anti life ... 
  pro and anti choice, 
  i agree , default is probably the best ( feasible ) outcome economically for greece and politically for germany etc. 
  just probably not the best economic outcome for everyone except greece . 
  the only rate that is almost always comparable is homicides ( hard to ignore ) . 
  it 's often not differing legal definitions that mess up the stats , but different recording methods . 
  for example comparing reported crimes to a crime survey ( which is likely to be closer to the real number ) . 
  violence is a technical concept in law, 
  and a feeling that it will be investigated properly, 
  they 're exactly the same crime , just a different name . 
  or they 're just a lot more likely to get reported ? 
  if the troika are allowing personal dislike to cloud their judgement ... 
  at this point the germans are really trying to earn getting defaulted on . 
  the problem is the creditors have to accept that lending money has risk . 
  and that if they do n't accept greek debt restructuring , greece will end up defaulting and they 'll get nothing . 
  for demanding real debt restructuring ? 
  the one thing greece truly needs to end this crisis rather than having it go on endlessly ? 
  cute, 
  perhaps they have the novel idea of it being the right thing to do, 
  opposite . 
  because we opened immediately , we got the more eager and better immigrants , while the likes of germany which delayed it missed out . 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
  personally , my preferred way to change the uk system would be keep single member constituencies , but with some kind of top up . 
  i remember when the bbc had a big strike a few years ago : the replacement newscasters were terrible ( including one exec iirc ) , and the production was awful . 
  was a nice reminder of how much they need them . 
  singapore got very very lucky with it 's founder . 
  that 's the kind of luck that you ca n't depend upon . 
  that 's such a low bar hermes from futurama could n't limbo it . 
  he 's the serbian pm , it 's kind of a job requirement . 
   uk dedicated a supermarket to them . 
  that was an apology for invading them . 
  maybe you missed the bit which said vat . 
  never let facts get in the way of your ideology . 
   the uk has continually turned a blind eye to rape by ~ ~ muslim ~ ~ men ftfy . 
  it 's called imaginationland, 
  restrictions on it due to noise hampered its viability , the only crash dropped passenger numbers and the 2001 air travel slump sunk it . 
  from the noise ? 
  i 'm not talking about accidents . 
  that and people whining about concorde overhead . 
  sure , make them the same size , but cutting the number is specifically designed to benefit them . 
  ( and actually do a proper census before changing the boundaries based on dodgy population estimates ), 
  they have to physically be there and pass through the division lobbies . 
  because the conservatives calculated the seat reduction that would benefit them and came up with around 50 . 
  they may say that it 's to cut costs , but if that were so , they would n't keep overfilling the lords . 
  seriously , what is wrong with you . 
  how hard is it to wash your hands after going to the toilet ? 
  `` there 's only two things i hate in this world . 
  people who are intolerant of other people 's cultures and the dutch . '', 
  is being a nazi about your nationality ? 
  i thought it was about ideology ... 
  multiple cases of infectious disease occur in same area shocker !, 
  lots of the baltics are steadily increasing theirs . 
  it would be pretty dumb to suddenly jump up the percentage from one year to the next , that 's how you get massive waste . 
  french system has two elections . 
  top two candidates go through to a head to head run off, 
  playing the national anthem at sporting events ( unless it 's the national team ) is pretty weird . 
  zero legal basis for that with a non binding referendum . 
  if you said pen and ink , i 'd not have a clue what you were on about either you filthy southerner :p, 
  if you want a 3rd party , vote in state or congressional elections and build up support on that level , rather than messing around for the presidency . 
  if you take a photo of someone with a remotely oily face with flash straight on , it can light their face up just like that . 
  i say this as someone whose face does this with flash : / next you 'll be saying if you use flash on someone with a high vis jacket on they do n't light up like a christmas tree . 
  different materials reflect differently . 
  gaslighting ? 
  i do n't think you know what that means .
