just imagine what the headline of the sun or telegraph would look like !, 
  `` eu forces mandatory dreadlocks and and devil stick classes for everyone '', 
  signed . 
  when do i get my cannabis ? 
  then why am i naturally attracted to sluts ? 
  i quite like the french and parisians in general . 
  they can be a bit cold but when you tell them you 're from ireland and not the uk they immediately warm up to you !, 
  i also like the lack of customer service . 
  as someone who has worked in retail i hate having to act happy it does n't say in my employment contract that i have to give a shit and smile . 
  ahhh hitler was just trying to `` unite '' us !, 
  til we 're all hitler horcruxes . 
  sadly working in a shop i do n't know how true that is . 
  in the past 5 years they 've gone up about 50c a year . 
  everyone says `` i 'm quitting , i ca n't afford to smoke '' but that 's not the case . 
  more then a couple times a day people will put back milk , bread , baby food etc. 
  to pay for cigarettes . 
  it 's definitely a deterrent but it really affects poor people the most . 
  i did n't expect ireland 's stats to be that high . 
  for it 's size they 're double the uk 's % and higher than germany . 
  tunnels through mountains , mountains and chocolate . 
  i only heard recently the architect talking about it saying he wanted it to look like it was raising a pint to people coming into dublin . 
  do n't know if that made me dislike it more . 
  working in the ifsc i ' v grown to like the convention centre . 
  i like how they project some really cool art on the back of it ( it 's like it 's trying to detract attention from the front ) . 
  liberty hall is a fucking nightmare though . 
  poor germans ca n't even vent fury out on the jewish . 
  like honestly what have they ev ... . 
  sweet jesus 2 litres of coffee a day ? 
  i was in sweden last summer and really enjoyed fika i want to make it a thing in ireland . 
  is fika just a swedish thing ? 
  yup , and the west coast is basically the fingers . 
  `` from the east coast of the vale , the fingers reach out into the narrow sea ... rocky peninsulas plagued by the wind and rain , and barren to all but the hardiest of weeds . '', 
  edit : the place in the book where little finger is from ( the smallest of the fingers ) it says there 's 3 people 12 sheep 2 dogs sounds just like [ the aran islands ] ( https://s3.amazonaws.com/rezgo/7225/50775/74983.jpg ) ( even though it 's a peninsula ) . 
  turkey has always been sound to ireland . 
  during the famine the ottomans sent three ships of food to ireland . 
  unfortunately the english told them to fuck off when they got to dublin so they docked in drogheda instead . 
  great bunch of lads !, 
  shame the only part of ireland they saw was drogheda !, 
  he looks like the chimney sweep of the grand budapest hotel , or any wes anderson movie i suppose . 
   we needa novelty accounta that readsa / r/europe 's comments outa loud witha thicka national accents . 
    it 's - e me italian accent bot . 
  how would you like it ? 
  it 's the truth . 
  america will not vote into power someone who was pro gay marriage 8 years ago . 
  the same way they would n't vote a black person 50 years ago or an atheist today . 
  but times change , until then you have to lie about your beliefs so that they do n't offend the public too much that they wo n't vote for you . 
  it 's shitty and sad but that 's how politics works all around the world . 
  i 'm fairly well versed in american politics for someone outside of america . 
  i do admit i sound like a dickhead calling half the population of the us a pack of hick morons , but gays causing natural disasters is [ common belief in far right evangelicals . 
  ] ( http://www.advocate.com/politics/2012/10/31/10-disasters-gays-were-blamed-causing ) i thought i was exaggerating about the 50 % until i looked up the stats . 
  [ it 's actually 75 % think the bible is the word of god . 
  ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/170834/three-four-bible-word-god.aspx?utm_source=alert&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_campaign=syndication&amp;utm_content=morelink&amp;utm_term=all%20gallup%20headlines ) 28 percent of americans believe the bible is the literal word of god , 47 believe it 's the word of god but not to be taken literally . 
  that 's incredibly high for a developed country . 
  but you just have to look at the support trump is getting , or any of the republican candidates . 
  not one of them would make it through willy wonka 's chocolate factory . 
  the full quote ( which is only one line i do n't know why you cut it in half ) is `` yeah i guess so . 
  i wish the first time it was done correctly . '' . 
  there is a very big difference between non-committal to the iraq war and wanting to invade `` more correctly '' . 
  how do you invade a country with no wmds or terrorist suspects you 're looking for better ? 
  i do n't know why you are comparing trump lying about not being pro-iraq war in 2002 to obama 's stance on gay marraige in 2009 . 
  they are too completely things . 
  if you are saying obama lied about his views on gay marraige so that means he lies about everything ... that is dumb to say the least . 
  obama is a smart lad he went to harvard , he knows it 's okay for two people of the same sex to get married . 
  it 's just that if you want to run for the president of a country where half the population think the bible is literal and gay sex causes hurricanes , you better hide your views quickly . 
  he did support the it before it happened . 
  it is proved in the same video http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/feb/19/donald-trump-confronted-with-past-support-for-iraq-war . 
  many norwegians are polar bear whispers and can use this to their advantage once they pass the ice wall that separates the arctic circle from northern norway . 
  their only chance of survival is being found by sami people and joining their militia who plan on taking back mainland norway . 
  owners of shops bigger than 100 square meters who open on a sunday in norway are exiled from the town and forced to walk north towards the arctic circle where they are usually eaten by polar bears in the first 24 hours . 
  they get cushy apartments and get to work from home !, 
  well the kremlin trolls do . 
  samantha b did a good interview with a couple of them last week . 
  that bear looks very westernised . 
  where is his tracksuit ? 
  would you ever put it on a stroopwafel ? 
  that sounds like the most deliously dutch thing ever . 
  free water goes down well with prepacked hagelslag sandwiches . 
  but your labour party is n't really left wing ? 
  well most of the mps are n't . 
  look at google , fb , starbucks it 's closer to 0.05 %, 
  we would recover more if we used our tax haven correctly or atleast morrally correct . 
  the 12.5 % corporation tax is one of the lowest in the world , especially for a english speaking country in the developed world . 
  if companies in ireland payed that 12.5 % we would loose the billions of bank debt our grandchildren will be paying off in a year , the government could improve our healthcare system and pretty much every other aspect of our country . 
  but the companies like facebook , hp , apple , google , starbucks , mcdonalds etc. 
  pay around 0.02-0 .5 % corporation tax . 
  people are afraid to ask them to pay a reasonable amout of tax incase they move to another country that has lower corporation tax . 
  ( there is not another country with lower corporation tax with the services ireland provides . ), 
  you can thank [ david mcwilliams ] ( http://c1.thejournal.ie/media/2015/02/david-mcwilliams-5-752x501.jpg ) for coining the celtic tiger . 
  no one is really feeling the difference i think bar the 1 % who have been well looked after in budgets.on the other hand rent and property prices are going up between 5-15 % each year !, 
  and that has never been a sign of anything bad to come !, 
  thank fuck . 
  if you go by that logic china is in europe . 
  [ it borders , russia , north africa and turkey . 
  ] ( http://www.worldatlas.com/webimage/countrys/europelargesm.jpg ) even though geographically they are pretty close . 
  america has gerrymandering , does n't let people who have been to jail vote , private prisons which make profits on what is basically slave labour by black people . 
  no maternity , paternity or paid holidays like every other developed country , no free healthcare , they expect people to pay tens of thousands for a college education which should be free in order to keep people and their children uneducated . 
  unions are villified and any organisation loooking for workers rights is considered evil and communist while it is thought that billionaire business people have the poor and middle classes ' best interests at heart . 
  indoctrination of youth in schools with christianity and making them pledge allegiance to a country that imposes all these fucked up rules laws . 
  people obey these laws and most do nothing to change them . 
  from the outside it looks like a complete mess and people are too ignorant or lazy to do anything about it .
