  if europe 's progress towards unification stops , we 'll keep needing us for security as long as russia exists . 
  and fr/de will keep having to accept that daddy likes to do bad things to them every now and then . 
  only a blink has passed since 2013 , compared to the magnitude of the problem . 
  i was projecting on what the consequences will be 10-20 years down the line . 
  of course de/fr could n't go nuts and tension ties with their security sugar daddy but you can bet they got the point that there 's no respect in how us treats them and there 's outright hostility in how us steals economic advantages . 
  and we do n't yet know what kind of data mining us does on private data provided by europeans to facebook , google , etc. 
  adapting to this behavior of a key military partner takes a very long time . 
  when was the last time it came to light , before snowden , that us/uk were spying on fr/de at the head-of-state level , with a specific focus on getting the upper hand on state-level economic deals ? 
  de & fr ca n't show it but you can bet fundamental underground changes are in motion after all these revelations . 
  i 'm worried what could happen in a few years when the adversity would have had enough time to fully develop behind the scenes . 
  this breach of trust ca n't be fixed . 
  and uk was in it all along , helping us fuck europe and reaping the benefits . 
  that will really be remembered . 
  decades of heavy burden are ahead for greeks , caused by decades of criminally incompetent or cynical politicians that drugged the masses with borrowed prosperity . 
  i do n't know if any human society is mechanically capable of inheriting this amount of sin . 
  a federal europe would not allow this misery but we 're still generations away from nations delegating that much sovereignty to eu . 
  next best thing is for each nation to have citizens spending unusually large amount of their time educating and informing themselves so that they chose the best possible politicians and keep them closely scrutinized . 
  against reason , i hope the greeks manage to find and follow the leaders that can take them out of the swamp because i find unthinkable a break away from eu . 
  ~ 75 % of the population consider themselves nothing but moldovans . 
  ukrainians are ~ 8 % . 
  romanians 2 % ~ . 
  in favor of reunification are ~ 35 % but there is some confusion about how many want reunification with romania or simply a ticket towards the west / membership in eu . 
  all numbers exclude transnistria which i ca n't see being a part of romania . 
  it 's just a russian infected wound . 
  what 's clear is a large , almost even split in the population between pro-west and pro-russia . 
  fortunately , the younger the citizens the more they are pro-west so russia is constantly losing grip with old people dying out . 
   it will earn the friendship of greek people ; turn the aegean sea into a sea of peace how long before turkey wonders if maybe they could be paid back with a couple islands from the sea of ~ peace ? 
  yes . 
  without any historical disturbances this chance is low and it 's likely we 'll remain 2 states indefinitely because we 're too far ahead in our development ( compared with them ) and it would be too foolish to lose focus from our road ahead and move it on them ( not enough roi in that , unfortunately ) . 
  however , history happened a lot in my lifetime . 
  there can always be another historical event that would open a window for them to unite with us . 
  the terrain has been prepared by all romanian governments of the last 20 + years ( education for their youth , economic links to reduce their dependency on russia , aids to get them through the same path we took towards eu , linking them with nato as much as possible , etc. ) . 
  if a historic event opens the window for reunification then we 'll have a hell of a choice between saying `` sorry , you 're too poor and ca n't have you keeping us back '' or `` let 's fix history even though it will put our economy in a nose dive for 5-10 years '' . 
  no romanian politician would risk the backlash of not having exploited this opportunity or the chance to have his own name in the history books . 
   what 's wrong with that ? 
  the way it was used as a weapon too cling to power instead of as a supreme tool to assess an informed opinion from all citizens . 
  the communists could 've had this referendum many weeks ago and they could 've ran a serious campaign attempting to explain consequences for each choice . 
  instead they threw it on the table precisely when it could n't count anymore ( bailout terms expired on the 30th ) and so the choices have an intentionally ambiguous meaning to be later interpreted to the best of their interest . 
  ( starting from today there are no bailout terms on the table for greece and if negotiations start again they 'll produce different terms to which the referendum will not apply without a lot of subjective interpretation ) . 
   it will never happen that 's what loan sharks thought about greece defaulting when sharing a currency with germany, 
  we need to be dead sure we 're up to it . 
  2019 looked too soon anyway . 
  we 're probably looking at 2025 at the earliest or maybe much later if we reunite with r. moldova . 
  the latter seems unlikely but if it happens , it would be a huge disturbance in our economy . 
  the socio-economic conditions from the late '80s need to be recreated so that the referendum can be truly relevant . 
  russia will help with this . 
  acceding into ez will change after these events . 
  no other country , big or small , should ever be allowed to bring in this kind of instability . 
  greece was a trojan horse from day 1 when they hid their already crushing debt . 
  because china wants to mine business relations with eu / us to enter in an all-risks no-benefits relationship with the puny economy of greece . 
  come on . 
  the non-existent brics bank is just a shiny bait russia uses for god knows what reasons . 
  crash greece . 
  bring on the glorious salvation of communism . 
  this is the game plan . 
  the [ hands-on ] ( http://thumbitt.com/gallery/220/1220/i-have-no-idea-what-im-doing-12.jpg ) part, 
  at most , not at least . 
  it 's now imf 's call how fast they feel like acknowledging officially what happened tody . 
  all communists want real communism because it hides their total incompetence at running a free market . 
  look at tsipras . 
  he has n't worked a day in his life in the real economy ( all he ever did was being a political party figure , which equls zero professional skills ) . 
  he has absolutely no idea what he 's doing while at the center of these economics matters . 
  what he needs is to steer the country towards full communism . 
  in communism he could claw to staying in power indefinitely . 
  damn !, 
  [ you nailed it ] ( http://static.blastingnews.com/media/photogallery/2015/3/4/main/kovesi-se-zbate-ca-pestele-pe-uscat_240359.jpg ) . 
  now if i may direct your attention to [ this image of her office ] ( http://www.romanialibera.ro/imagine/613x343/an%2brecord%2bpentru%2bdna%252c%2b%25c3%25aen%2bciuda%2balegerilor%2bdin%2b2014.%2blaude%2bpentru%2bkovesi%2bdin%2bpartea%2blui%2biohannis%2b%25c8%2599i%2bponta%2b_505497.jpg ) where you can see the 2 crucifixes and 9 ( nine ) icons needed to safely keep her in human form, 
  :d we 're not the same guy . 
  i do n't even want to be proven right . 
  good luck . 
  i do n't look to have a say in anything within greece . 
  i only care about outside effects . 
  i do n't care about the referendum , etc. 
  i just want to know the possible outside effects and protect against them . 
  i am 35 + and lived through communism a good chunk of my life . 
  shut the fuck up about this as neither you or your country knows anything about the horror that it was and the wounds that it still left in my country . 
  i deeply recommend you never open this subject with an older romanian . 
  ever . 
  we have children of the communists just like you have . 
  young , seductive , big-talk , nationalistic , demented for power and totally irresponsible . 
  i 'm sorry you ca n't spot them but listen to someone who can smell their filth : tsipras is a communist and communism is what he can get greece into . 
   why do you assume the worst ? 
  come on . 
  how long ago do you think we would need to go back in history to have a war started for a debt much much much smaller than that owed by greece . 
  what i 'm trying to say here is that i get the feeling we are beyond reason . 
  everything you said so far is reasonable and would apply if everyone followed the rules . 
  i think greece abandoned the path of following the rules . 
   why would anyone in the 21st century even consider war a viable option ? 
  because everyone is afraid of it , pushing things very close to a conflict is very rewarding and very risky, 
  i understand that major controls could be exercised but you should also understand that if a country like greece falls below a threshold geopolitics will kick in . 
  i read just today that turkey 's mp proposed `` helping '' greece with some of the imf money . 
  given the tensions between the two countries , what do you think would happen if turkey would also have greece owe them money ( directly ) . 
  and that 's just turkey . 
  imagine when russia ( the grand-daddy of this kind of helpful hands ) gets involved . 
  my family has money in greek-financed banks and a vital interest in having eur remain stable . 
  your questions are ridiculous because whatever greece does next affects me directly in quite a major way . 
  for me , this is not a discussion about inflation in zimbabwe about which i could not give less of a fuck , it 's about a neighbor 's house being on fire and the very real possibility of having my own house caught in . 
  the main purpose would be to destroy the eur factories but once the first bomb falls this purpose does n't matter anymore , it 's just war, 
  i do n't think this is possible . 
  geopolitics would kick in .
