  how about the recent string of crashed airplanes ? 
   `` more than enough '' i agree, 
  the state of russia 's military hardware is pitiful as most is old , obsolete and rotten . 
  unfortunately , putin insists in showing it off which only makes these flaws more obvious . 
  i wonder how many out of those thousands of russian icbms would clear russian soil if they would launch them all . 
  there is no magic solution to have as much hardware as russia has and have it at the top of the game . 
  you either need a totalitarian regime or a performing economy . 
   he 's the finance minister not god . 
  he disagrees, 
  i 'm so sorry we ca n't get along better with hungary . 
  it 's much more difficult for us to have reliable infrastructure connections with western europe when our geographically most favorable pathway is a political minefield . 
  i think assimilation is the target and the honest characterization . 
  integration is just the politically correct way of saying it . 
  it 's certainly not enough to just follow the laws . 
  immigrants need to connect with people in their hosting society with a stronger bond than the one between themselves and the one with their old country , to ensure they share the same fundamental values . 
  having large groups of people maintaining different fundamental values from the rest of the population is a national security problem of the highest rank . 
  it 's an illusion to think a group of immigrants can simultaneously share one set of values between themselves and another conflicting set of values with their hosting society . 
  it 's also an illusion to think they can keep their religion and culture unaltered . 
  some have songs they sang all their lives about hating or killing some other group of people ( e.g. 
  jews ) and those songs are tied to their childhood . 
  being an immigrant requires you break away from those songs , which is very difficult . 
  some religions encourage beating your wife if she 's not obedient and handling your daughters like whores if they do n't marry as virgins . 
  being an immigrant means you ca n't keep practicing that religion unchanged , which is extremely difficult . 
  the honest , free from political correctness way of describing integration is assimilation . 
  that is what i would require and it 's what i would expect to be required from me , if i were an immigrant . 
  100 % exact same argument : [ putin says he reserves right to protect russians in ukraine ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/putin-reserves-the-right-to-use-force-in-ukraine/2014/03/04/92d4ca70-a389-11e3-a5fa-55f0c77bf39c_story.html ), 
   turkish army will just continue the tradition of never wanting to step outside of turkish soil that 's a relatively young tradition  still , much better than russian army traditions . 
  the question is not what greece is thinking , in general . 
  the question is how can those in power stay there for as long as possible ? 
  doing radical state reforms is very difficult and always comes with lots of errosion for those who do it . 
  they always score very poorly at next elections . 
  however , dive greece in a downward spiral of despair with the neo-communists from syriza in charge and then you have a perfect setup for syriza to remain in power indefinitely . 
  roi is not just money . 
  dealing a heavy blow to eu & nato is potentially very valuable if you 're not afraid of what happens next . 
  those milestones were passed long before reaching 175 % gdp in debt, 
  the others are basically spin-offs, 
  i 'm certain this is just a snippet of the truth . 
  tsipras & v-clown certainly tried milking money from anyone willing to listen . 
  the problem was , anyone helping them pull greece out of eu & likely nato would then have to deal with a deeply upset germany , france & us . 
  there was simply not enough roi in doing that . 
  i 'm aware . 
  i used just 500k precisely to evidence the difficulty of getting risky investments even for this amount . 
  and now tell him how easy you can get 500.000 eur in venture capital, 
  like if you say something and i do n't agree it 's at least hate speech if not terrorism, 
  this is a powerful article . 
  i 've always been of the opinion that the dream of becoming a federal europe ** peacefully ** needs a long time ( 100 + years ) to become reality but , all along the way , it also needs america 's continuous cultural dominance ( to infuse english as a common language ) and its military shield ( to protect against major threats that can only be defeated with a central command ) . 
  unfortunately , we found out we need them to protect against major economic seismic events , something that was supposed to be an internal problem that europe is great at solving . 
  this is hard to swallow and i hope it will accelerate the unification even if we have to endure some pain . 
  do n't think about it in terms of `` in this once in a lifetime trip , i absolutely need to see x and do y '' . 
  our world famous attractions are really puny compared to most others and they are not what makes romania a nice place to visit . 
  just move around , notice the varied kinds of places and people you 'll encounter and generally relax . 
  it 's a shame you ca n't get to the sea side because for the next month it 's a nice place to be , especially if you 're young . 
  a short while back kovesi ( she 's in charge of dna ) was in albania for some similar meetings with their pm . 
  in moldova we 're already having a much deeper involvement . 
  afaik , we have no collaboration with ukraine regarding anti-corruption but we started to collaborate with them on many other big issues since russia started to rape them . 
  while moldova is a unique special case that we ca n't avoid being involved with and we 're pretty much forced to get involved with ukraine because we need them as strong as possible , i 'm concerned about our engagement with ex-yugoslav countries . 
  they are physically violent , seriously twisted by eternal ethnic tensions and very far from the rest of europe . 
  i do n't think we 're strong enough to get involved with them too and i would prefer to just let them be . 
  been strongly pro for many decades . 
  we need a political union , even though federalization is many decades away . 
  countries like mine need the leadership provided by the eu core and greatly benefit from it . 
  i understand why some of the smaller , richer & healthier countries do n't want to join or if they did , want out . 
  i 'm fine with it , if eu proves to be a succes they 'll join eventually . 
  if not ... 
  i guess they can handle themselves in what comes after eu fails . 
  they placed iskander-ms in crimeea ( ~ 15 min strike time on bucharest ) . 
  that 's very likely too fast to protect against with anything but mad . 
  no nuclear missiles in iran means it 's harder to pretend the missile shield in eastern europe is not also about russia . 
  i could not give a shit what russia thinks about that puny shield . 
  if it was up to me , romania would heavily invest in building / acquiring medium-range ballistic missiles , to have the russians know what living under a target feels like . 
  misleading . 
  lines are dedicated to support ro banks with gr capital so that nobody in ro gets too afraid of gr collapsing anyway and begins to harm these ro banks with gr capital . 
  this is wrong . 
  our gov was repeatedly told no by both fmi & eu for lots of expenses that pushed on our deficit . 
  recently they tried raising defense spending that way and got a big fat no and now they try cutting taxes and they got another no . 
  i 'm glad though . 
  i do n't want us over 3 % on deficit and fmi & eu help keeping this in check . 
  problem solved, 
  it pretty much falls in line with what i know about bg and in many ways it 's similar with ro . 
  there was always this difference between ro and bg in that the top level thieves were much more physically violent in bg , while in ro they were much more focused on appearing immaculate and creating webs of corruption ( power in great numbers ) and change the laws to white-wash their deeds . 
  i would argue that while physical violence is more scary and spectacular , being able to change laws so that thousands can legally steal is much more damaging . 
  the sums of money behind some of the latest accusations are just mind blowing . 
  the mayor of just 1/6 of bucharest , even though is filthy rich and everybody knew that , is now on trial for stealing 600 + million eur . 
  and he 's just one . 
  if you add up the charges from the last year only , it 's enough to make you wonder how the fuck is that even technically possible . 
   the media are not even reporting on what 's going on in romania that 's a big problem . 
  we 've experienced multiple times political attempts to buy & silence the media and it succeeded up to scary levels but never completely . 
  also , we have a huge and very active mass of people who are far from relying on romanian media for their news . 
  i do n't even own a tv . 
  if it 's not on the internet , it does n't exist . 
  i think romania 's target join date should be around 2025-2030 . 
  even before greece boiling over , we had a strong realization that ez is for countries that are in many ways peers in terms of their development . 
  if we join and we 're not ready we may be crushed by the big boys . 
  we knew that . 
  bnr ( romania 's national bank ) is pretty well managed ( their hr policies are insane ) and enjoys a high degree of trust amongst us . 
  during the '00 bubble bnr presented joining ez as highly desirable and somewhat within reach , meaning to give politicians an easy to express high objective that would require very deep improvements of our state . 
  nowadays bnr changed its stance by focusing more on the required deep improvements . 
  we saw first hand what can happen when a country is ran irresponsibly by politicians solely focused on extracting benefits from their current mandate and not caring about long term consequences . 
  meanwhile , our politicians got carried away by their previous messages and now they push for joining harder than bnr while not being very good at acknowledging all the difficult changes they still need to make happen before it 's safe to join . 
  in general , romanians want to join ez because we associate this with a major milestone in our history .
