  when we 're ready for ez , we should find ourselves on a path and at a development level that was a dream for 3-4 generations ( not quite the same as the top tiers but just good enough ) . 
  there 's unprecedented determination on getting there , on a level that is sometimes scary if you consider what if anything snaps or someone fails to deliver ... it seems if that happens , anyone perceived guilty better be out of range . 
  me too . 
  seeing all these corrupt incompetents scared to death and trying to weasel their way out of the dna 's death ray is fucking s. . . weeeeet . 
  the circus is complete when one by one they , and i mean especially those who 've visited jail once , start to support `` values '' and `` principles '' and in so doing they undermine those who are yet uncaught . 
  i could feed for days just with the confusion that dominates over them : * but ... 
  i 've done all that the party asked , we 're in power and i go to jail ... what ... who ... *, 
   erdogan got denied the majority that surprised me a lot, 
  her base higher education is in the '90s at spiru haret if i 'm not mistaken . 
  i do n't know your age but know that in the '90s the differences between public and private education were night and day . 
  all the deadbeats and children from wealthy families were going to these new private universities because you could buy your way in . 
  all the competent people were going to public universities that were really tough to get into ( very difficult exams and very few or no payed slots ) . 
  ponta , udrea & gorghiu are all `` educated '' in these private university shit-holes . 
  all the other diplomas were added on-top-of their base education and they did n't require fighting any competition because you could get in master ( grad ) programs or 2nd license programs much easier than you could in base license ( undergrad ) programs . 
  debt always remains , even decades after defaulting and not paying . 
  eventually you have to pay back in order to reestablish trust as a valid debtor and you need that in order to seriously grow your economy when funds are relatively cheap to access . 
   they 've both very competent politicians in their own merit let 's stop sucking each other 's cocks . 
  both rovana plumb and alina gorghiu were not elected but named in those positions precisely because they are controllable . 
  plumb was a disastrous minister for work and is just a yes-woman that ponta could name as interim psd president while he in fact did not resign so that the psd president position is kept technically locked while , from an image point of view , he can say `` i stepped aside '' , which could not be farther from the truth since he keeps the all important position of money-man since he 's still the fucking prime minister and has no intention to resign from there . 
  so plumb is just a muppet in the window while he controls the money and thus , psd . 
  gorghiu is just another sad story . 
  named as president of pnl by iohannis she 's yet another poorly educated yes-woman ( check out her cv , she 's a fine product of those ridiculous private universities from romania ) who is not able to have a single original thought or a shred of actual power in pnl . 
  she 's just a proxy for iohannis and that 's the only reason nobody pushed her down the stairs yet . 
  even though we do actually have some competent women in romanian politics , these two shit heads are not amongst them . 
  we have a joke in romania about a widow that buried her husband and someone at the wake ceremony kept making advances on her . 
  she refused once , twice but in the end she gave in on one condition : * ok but do me slowly and with sadness . 
  lol . 
  preaching a romanian about lost hope and not having money is really not the way to show you have any idea about what hell is . 
  no , tsipras had countless chances to save greece . 
  he kept pushing it and pushing it until all that 's left is the ridiculous . 
  it 's perfectly normal . 
  lots of people in ez , let alone eu , are working their ass far more and doing far worse than the neverending problem that is greece . 
  if that reality bothers you , that 's your problem . 
  i think you do n't get it . 
  1500 euros is 1500 euros in the whole eu . 
  if your gov is so incompetent as to keep the cost of living so high in a country that is so troubled , then the latest guarantees demanded in exchange for yet more money are 100 % reasonable . 
  tell me about it . 
  digi24 did yet another live transmission from syntagma square interviewing yet another random romanian who has been living in greece for decades . 
  this one was an engineer and now has a pension of around 1500 eur and was whining about having it cut down from 2000 eur . 
  i was speechless . 
  another one had a restaurant and when asked about whether he 's regularily checked for tax compliance he freely admitted that 's not the case and that `` they 're letting us breath '' . 
  they live in a fantasy of free money and eternal bailouts . 
  we need to get in ez and then threaten to get free money or else we 'll whore ourselves out to russia . 
  you do n't get it . 
  tsipras saying `` i agree '' does n't mean shit anymore . 
  that 's why now we see previously unimaginable demands . 
  being alone is a dream . 
  i 'm afraid both for you and i when i think what will happen after greece leaves the west behind and makes new friends that do n't demand functional countries . 
  sad but true . 
  i ca n't imagine the consequences if the limbo continues for 1 more week , let alone 2 . 
  only the people of uk can decide how their country should swing its power . 
  in terms of physical size , it 's indeed a smallish nation at just 242900 km ^ 2 with the european nation having the most similar size being romania at 238391 km ^ 2 so i guess [ we 're the same you and me  ] ( https://youtu.be/jbu1wwdcfn8?t=33s ) . 
  i believe uk suffers from trying to project too much influence on the global stage . 
  the reason it can afford that at all is due to its extremely rich legacy that left uk with a treasure trove of strategic advantages ( deeply educated nation , special relations with lots of powerful players , oversea territories across the world , etc. ) . 
  however , to quote the americans , `` there 's no replacement for displacement '' . 
  the muscle power required to be a global player is just not there anymore and ignoring this fact will slowly turn uk into a sad shadow of its former self . 
  i believe uk 's brightest possible future is at the core of eu . 
  how is the guardian from a content p.o.v ? 
  what are its biases ? 
  does it tend to lean against eu/euro ? 
  does it lean to the left/right ? 
  strictly from a technical p.o.v. 
  i find their live page a joy to follow . 
  it works smoothly , looks great and is very well thought out ( i love how the page title changes when new entries are available and so firefox tab notifier catches it and raises a pop-up even if the browser is not in focus ) edit : thank you all for the responses . 
  i thought better to do it here instead of parroting a thank you on each reply . 
  i hope all this was intentional because the damage from running out of cash will very soon begin to leave chunks of the economy permanently dead . 
  alternatively , if syriza is as incompetent as it appears to be , they may choose to resign or mumble about in negotiations for 2 more weeks at the end of which greece 's economy will be dead and social collapse will follow . 
  you 're wondering about something that can occur at the earliest in 20-30 years . 
  an awful lot can happen until then so there 's no telling what those greeks will think about ez/eu . 
  not in nato . 
  uses euro . 
  corporate tax-heaven . 
  hates the uk . 
  uses metric but still drives on the other side of the road . 
  much more religious & traditionalists than average . 
  you are very far so i 've never visited . 
  [ germany considers the latest greek proposals insufficient and now supports a greek exit from ez for at least 5 years ] ( https://i.imgur.com/xfuu5m1.jpg ), 
  you need billions but spread over decades . 
  you can also create a program that minimizes costs since moving is entirely optional . 
  for example you can open subscriptions for people who want to move and they should name their price . 
  every few months you pick those that fit your budget and exchange them with the same number from the other side . 
  where there 's a will there 's a way , without violence . 
  when i said peaceful i did n't meant move people around with a gun at their head . 
  i meant `` who wants 50.000 eur and a house in the other country '' ? 
  because parliaments in most eu countries have a live tv feed with an audio stream dedicated for not-their-language english and official english translators on the call 24/7 for this stream i mean at least your country has something like that , right ? 
  i think he cemented his opinion in the '90s & ' 00s , in which case i can understand him . 
  since ~ 2006 shit started to change rapidly . 
  in 20-30 years , ee will indeed be hard to recognize , unless history produces another clash between east & west . 
   53b euros and 2 packs of cigaretes, 
  cool . 
  if you see [ this guy ] ( http://observator.tv/uploads/modules/news/0/2015/5/4/151436/143073239295e7f868.jpg ) give us a call . 
  when dna got too close , he all of a sudden realized he 's a hungarian victim of romanian oppression and [ ran at budapest ] ( http://www.agerpres.ro/english/2015/04/29/former-udmr-deputy-marko-attila-under-preventive-custody-in-absence-official--20-34-14 ) where he 's claiming to have the protection of viktor orban . 
  people having this kind of worries moved the bulk of their money long ago, 
  i do n't find it shocking at all . 
  greece has become a threat to the eu core . 
  bail it out and others will demand the same , crashing down the whole system . 
  leave it to crash by itself and the event will shatter the extremely valuable idealism fueling eu integration . 
  the greek state will be in shambles if they accept the reforms required to align themselves with the eu values . 
  however , the most vulnerable citizens will get major direct help and they will pull through . 
  in states where this major direct help did not exist , either the reforms never really completed or everything ended in ruins .
