  russia and china would gladly move in to help this poor country that would host some military bases for them as a small token of appreciation . 
  i do n't get the feeling of desperation . 
  i get a series of apparently irrational moves that hope to push the eu into a position it ca n't get itself out of ( because of eu 's gargantuan bureaucracy and other political limitations ) . 
  i 'm aware of yesterday 's discussion and i think it would n't be that easy to stop the damage . 
  also , i do n't think greece cares about repaying the imf at this point . 
  syriza 's reasoning about being kicked out of the eu is a decoy . 
  yes , there 's no legal way to kick them out but this is a decoy because that 's not the issue . 
  as soon as greece is cut from the ecb it 's bye bye eur in practice and that 's all that matters . 
  also , their voting rights in the eu can be suspended ( legally ) and then it 's bye bye eu , also in practice . 
  on paper they would still be in the eu but only on paper . 
  in 2010 , in romania all pensions and salaries were cut over night by 20 % when our macroeconomics showed we 're going down . 
  if any greeks feel romania is so great , move over here and see what it 's like to live through real winters on 200 eur / mo income . 
  fuck your excuses . 
  you have no idea how much i want this greek shit to end regardless of costs . 
  my parents have ~ 120 eur / mo ( mother ) and 150 eur / mo ( father ) pensions and they worked all their life for that miserable amount . 
  i have absolutely zero empathy for the greeks that cry about their 600 eur / mo pensions . 
  to top it all , my parents ' savings are in a romanian bank backed by greek capital . 
  while it 's well below the threshold that 's guaranteed by the romanian national bank in case their bank goes bankrupt , due to personal unfortunate events they are unable to move the money in the next few weeks and it 's very probable their bank will go bankrupt once greece fails leading to them being cut off from their money for anywhere between months to years until our national bank 's guarantees kick in . 
  i think i 'm going to hate greece at a level i 've previously reserved only for russia . 
  * [ maaan , i got these cheeseburgers man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68xlwtdvdga ) *, 
  i was covering those through bribes . 
  you can still get pretty much anything in a country that does n't function as long as you can afford the bribes . 
  it 's just that people who 've never been in a non-functional state ca n't understand the situation where they need to bribe everyone they need to talk with . 
   no i do not think the greek government has handled this perfectly that is a hallucinatory understatement  their refusal to even allow 1 week longer there 's your problem . 
  your reaction is exactly why the communists made this extremely late request for a seemingly small concession . 
  it 's their specialty : take no responsibility for their actions and feed the masses with illusions . 
  there was enough time for more than 1 referendum . 
  it 's not the fault of everyone else that these communists did n't organize them while they had the time and 18 countries should not go into demented emergency procedures because greece is a failed state . 
  you should consider relying mostly on cash while there and having a stash ready for an emergency trip back . 
  consider the risk of having around so much cash when being a tourist in a country that is sure to experience some major civil turbulences and disruptions in normal state services . 
  if you have no idea what it 's like to encounter violent groups of people while police does n't function or what it 's like to have no functional hospitals or what it 's like to have to bribe every single individual that could block you from easily returning home , then you should cancel . 
  p.s : and if you feel you also need to protect your girlfriend , that complicates things exponentially, 
  to really understand this you need to be a romanian over ~ 40, 
  who the fuck wants to see it ? 
  the stage is perfectly setup for the communist plague to fully take over . 
  so that 's at least 2 generations ( 40-50 years from now ) down the drain . 
  if you are under 40 and living in greece , your best bet is to get out asap . 
  it does n't matter anymore . 
  nato is a defense alliance and it recently switched from defense in depth to defense at borders in its core strategy . 
  the old strategy assumed that in case of a russian invasion , the eastern states will be lost easily at first but they will be freed once retaliation begins . 
  the new strategy moves a lot of military power within the eastern states to make them capable of holding their ground while full retaliation begins . 
  if russia would push invading troops deep within ukraine marching towards transnistria this means war with nato has begun and it was started by russia . 
  when full military force moves towards your border , if you want to survive you do n't just do nothing and hope they 'll magically stop at an imaginary threshold . 
  and if russia wants to use nukes to invade another country , i would love to see how the general russian population responds to that . 
  i would love to see russians cheering for putin who uses nukes not to defend russian soil but to invade other countries . 
  maybe you failed to understand my plan . 
  i say bomb russian troops ** if ** found deep within ukrainian territory , beyond even current rebel lines , heading for an isolated transnistria to `` free '' them . 
  in this case , russia crossed the line in the sand with no more doubts . 
  i understood the power play in crimeea but having troops cross mainland ukraine to `` free '' transnistria equals russia does n't give a shit about lines in the sand and it will not stop until full fledged war begins . 
  and when war begins i would love to see how putin rallies russians to die because some of his troops died while invading ukraine . 
  i say bomb russian troops if found deep within ukrainian territory , beyond even the current rebel lines , heading for transnistria . 
  in this case , russian troops are invaders and letting them do whatever they want , close to europe 's borders simply because we 're afraid of even the slightest chance of having our plush lives disturbed is insane . 
  with this mentality , europe is doomed anyway . 
  russia is in a weak position that could be exploited to get them out of transnistria by someone with the power and will to do the right thing . 
  ue should finance the building of an impenetrable wall around transnistria ( physical wall + anti-vehicle and anti-personal mine strips ) . 
  then let moldova & ukraine enforce rules that nothing goes in but anyone can get out . 
  then just wait for russia to take the bait . 
  if any anonymous or russian units cross the current rebel lines from ukraine , heading for transnistria , have nato bomb them . 
  what will putin do ? 
  admit russian troops invaded ukraine going for transnistria ? 
  are russians ready to die in ww3 for transnistria ? 
  he 'll pull the troops and fuck off . 
   citations needed nah . 
  you have everything figured out already . 
   but it 's not if greater relevance , neither within europe , nor the world then why are [ austrian companies the 2nd ] ( http://www.zf.ro/eveniment/top-10-tari-care-au-adus-cele-mai-multe-investitii-straine-in-romania-11518893 ) biggest investors in romania ? 
  bragging about your people being able to speak english is a miss . 
  almost all romanians that are worth something speak english fluently and at least one other language . 
  we pretty much have to . 
  i 'm not overestimating romania 's importance but you better be damn sure we 're not irrelevant at least at the european level or even global if russia decides to test nato 's resolve on the eastern front . 
  while i 'm fully aware we are 1 or 2 generations away from catching up with western europe in living standards and gdp per capita , we 're also about the only european country that recently developed some aggressive corruption antibodies , we 're evolving faster and healthier every year and we 've become the 2nd most important eastern european country ( poland is 1st ) . 
  we 're stable , managed to go through the financial crisis doing sacrifices unfathomable in the west and have recently assumed the role of being nato 's 2nd eastern outpost ( 1st is poland ) , which makes us critically important for europe and the us if russia decides to pinch nato 's tail . 
  there 's no exaggeration to say that strategically , romania is much more important than austria . 
  if these were more peaceful times things would 've been different but peace is always a temporary anomaly when you live next to russia . 
  the absolute numbers are mostly very small relative to european countries ' total population . 
  regardless , i 'll just point out the big 0 coming from romania and other eastern european countries . 
  around here you 're either the right kind of straight white christian or you 're suspicious as fuck and people will eyeball your every move . 
  it 's not as easy for foreigners as in other , more progressive western countries but sometimes it pays off . 
  [ enosan ] ( http://papura.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/400_ponta_copil11.jpg ) . 
  [ is not me boss ] ( http://static.unica.ro/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/rtemagicc_ponta4.jpg.jpg ), 
  greece would burn for sure if it gets out of the eur but not immediately and that 's really all your politicians care about anyway . 
  i can easily imagine you have lots of desperate citizens ready to believe yetwat 's fantasies and to drag everyone in the mud . 
  look at russia . 
  those people live like hobos fed exclusively by hallucinations . 
  i wish the last 25 years were so much better than they were for serbia . 
  it would 've been so much easier for us too . 
  eco-friendly 4 eva ', 
  ca n't be . 
  it involves us too . 
  with all diversity there are some upsides and some downsides . 
  i 'm from romania and i can give you the easy example of gypsies . 
  their core set of values is in direct conflict with most of today 's europe . 
  gypsies live a tribal life with a mentality of `` us against the world '' . 
  they consider stealing and conning outsiders a good thing and a sign of braveness . 
  their only respect for state laws is due to fear of consequences . 
  the only law they care about is that dictated by their local tribe leader . 
  they have no interest in integrating themselves in any society and regard the society they live in as something to be exploited through any means necessary . 
  they do have a culture which even produces artifacts ( songs , cloths , etc. ), 
  and some people may even find it picturesque . 
  these aspects of their culture would find their place in the variety most people would like to celebrate about europe . 
  but their culture is not just that .
