i believe there 's a strong common ground among all nations about immigration . 
  immigrants need to be assimilated . 
  modern multiculturalism is an abject failure . 
  it enables enclaves where values conflicting with those of the host nation will survive and poison the society . 
  just look at gypsies if you need to see a perfect example of failed multiculturalism . 
  their values , taught since infants , is to exploit and con their hosting society . 
  you ca n't coexist with that culture . 
  muslims are the exact same problem . 
  they control their women , breed only amongst themselves and put the coran above the law . 
  you ca n't coexist with that . 
  you can trade with them but not coexist in the same society . 
  i hope germans get a wake up call because they already failed to assimilate millions of turks & other problematic immigrants . 
  now they have 2nd generation turks who are more radical than their parents in following medieval traditions while being full german citizens and so they 're there to stay . 
  now , their immigration policy is blindingly following short term profit by looking at these new immigrants as cheap labor without having tough assimilation laws ready ( and i mean tough as in you either choose the law and stay or your medieval values and leave ) . 
  many germans already experience having neighborhoods with immigrant enclaves through which they feel unsafe to pass . 
  amplify this problem by adding millions more immigrants , let it sit for 10 years and then all russia has to do is to cut the gas and let your economy dive a little to light up the fault lines in your society and tear it apart . 
  the poles , and other eastern european nations , see all of this more clearly because we do n't have the luxury of throwing money at the problem in the cowardly hope it will go away . 
  we understand our own limits in how many immigrants of each kind we can melt in our societies and we understand there 's no way in hell we can handle the endless waves invited by the germans to come over . 
  ai dont nou waciutachin abaut, 
  that motherfucker looks like he 's been ready to start some shit for a loooooooong time and it 's getting harder and harder to keep it together, 
  they try to fuck you, 
   hey poland , could you tell us again that story about how you 're not in eastern europe ? 
  eu wants to forcefully send 6000 + migrants to romania . 
  we said we can only handle ~ 1800 . 
  want to bet how fast they 'll run off back to germoney ? 
  in some countries , paramilitary organisations fill this void . 
  however , there 's a risk they could evolve in dubious directions and you ca n't commit to a useful , longer program where you get close to real military procedures and hardware , because private individuals ca n't ever hope to finance that . 
  the state should offer law support for voluntaries willing to enter these basic training programs for 2 episodes of ~ 6 months , one in your 20s and one in your 40s . 
  if war breaks out , i hate imagining how many will die simply because they do n't know the first thing about how to operate as a team , take orders and handle basic equipment . 
  i do n't agree with conscription as long as we can afford to make career soldiers in exchange of benefits . 
  i would not consider joining as a path to a military career but i would consider a 3-9 months program that would prepare me for what i would be required to do in case of war , if strong laws would prevent me from losing my job . 
  people in the streets . 
  there 's no other way to force politicians into enacting laws that threaten their seats . 
  eu directive 12345/67 established there 's an urgent need for a bulgaria in the north . 
  initially , finland was assigned the role but they made a big fuss and now estonia is it . 
  wine/grapes , what 's the difference really ? 
  ] ( http://www.lolhome.com/img_big/meanwhile-in-romania.jpg ), 
  i know . 
  do n't get me started on that one . 
   but i would have voted for the ronald mcdonald statue true story, 
  the autumn season for dna does n't disappoint with a strong start . 
  last evening they caught oprescu ( the joker who is the general mayor of bucharest , a guy who promised sf highways crossing the city both in suspension and underground ... yeah ) with 25k eur in tagged bribe money on him and today they took in for `` preliminary discussions '' lots of people from city hall 's middle management . 
  the incoming shit fest is guaranteed as 2 people in oprescu 's staff were recently caught ( guess why ? 
  correct . 
  bribes ) , at least one other from the inside turned him in , as did at least one business man who has proof for giving him 1 million eur in bribes . 
  bucharest is split in 6 sectors , each one with its own city hall and mayor . 
  on top , a general city hall manages these smaller ones . 
  2 of the 6 sector mayors are also in jail , awaiting trials . 
  i would be surprised if all other 4 get to the end of their mandates . 
  go dna !, 
  strange . 
  i went to / new and started expanding older submissions , going back 24 h. [ that entry does n't show ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ggdi1ar.png ) but it does show if i use the search box , limited to / r/europe . 
  completely unexpected . 
  i searched for both bucharest and mayor . 
  please give me the link for the original . 
  the autumn season for dna does n't disappoint with a strong start . 
  last evening they caught oprescu ( the joker who is the general mayor of bucharest , a guy who promised sf highways crossing the city both in suspension and underground ... yeah ) with 25k eur in tagged bribe money on him and today they took in for `` preliminary discussions '' lots of people from city hall 's middle management . 
  the incoming shit fest is guaranteed as 2 people in oprescu 's staff were recently caught ( guess why ? 
  correct . 
  bribes ) , at least one other from the inside turned him in , as did at least one business man who has proof for giving him 1 million eur in bribes . 
  bucharest is split in 6 sectors , each one with its own city hall and mayor . 
  on top , a general city hall manages these smaller ones . 
  2 of the 6 sector mayors are also in jail , awaiting trials . 
  i would be surprised if all other 4 get to the end of their mandates . 
  go dna !, 
  then let them have the better life , outside the eu . 
  no more worries about brussels , no more privileged access to eu financial or goods markets , no more worries about scotland , no more us capital . 
  just happiness and sunshine . 
   the human rights conventions grant them , and the countries have agreed to uphold the human rights conventions . 
  be sure to have some toilet paper with these rights on it the next time you 're in syria . 
   judging people for running away instead of staying and `` fighting to the death '' is insane . 
  because nothing is worth risking your precious life for , right ? 
  not your children , not your family , not your friends . 
  that is not smart because it 's pissing against the wind and the wind says : federation . 
  so i 'm good with giving more power to brussels . 
  who grants you , your rights ? 
  your country , that 's who . 
  when you have nobody to call to enforce your rights , you literally have no rights , you have only what you can take . 
  these masses of migrants abandoned their country . 
  i have n't heard one saying they want help to go and fight , and take it back . 
  all i heard is they want to go to germany to have something , for free . 
  so they failed at having a country and now want to be part of other countries . 
  but we already know they 're unwilling to defend their home country to the death against even such weak cowards like isis . 
  why would they repay and give back to their new country , which resembles nothing to their old one ? 
  either the current politicians abandon suicidal political corectness and start risking their warm chairs by using all available power to solve these real world problems to the immediate best interest of their citizens , or extremism will rise sharply in europe and the next wave of politicians will risk war between ourselves . 
  lol . 
  time for v-man to get on his white horse and save the day gandalf-style . 
   so , in britain , almost everyone views the euro as a total failure this view is manufactured . 
  either eu is great or britain is great . 
  not both because then eu is obviously greater and where does that leave britain ? 
   but i was wondering what people actually in the eurozone thought , so is the euro a failure ? 
  what needs to be done to fix the problems with the euro ? 
  some important changes ca n't be rushed . 
  only the next generation can have a chance to improve fiscal and political integration . 
  until then , we 'll just have to endure the weather as it comes . 
   only eu migrants with a job should come to uk says theresa may i would rephrase as `` a job , apartment/house in uk with no less than 2 bedrooms , 24 average salaries in a uk bank account , perfect health record validated with quarterly checkups over a 5 year quarantine and uk citizenship '', 
  maybe they secretly also dig a little trench and fill it with vodka or something, 
  what do you mean ?!, 
  for me it 's tv show or dry nipples all the way !, 
  thanks , i did n't notice .
