   so if we ignore syria it 's our fault , and if we intervene it 's our fault . 
  awesome . 
  you 'd be blind to not see how we 're intervening : through the temporary acceptance of refugees , providing them a home while the region sorts itself out . 
  that is the * entire * point being made . 
  we 're not going to war , destroying the country and making everything worse , and we 're not sitting back and watching people die while eating popcorn . 
  we 're intervening in the most sane , rational and ethical way we can , by taking the people who are displaced and providing them temporary homes and shelters in our countries ( and , as best we can , fighting off the people who are so apathetic that they would rather have seen those refugees drown , and who do n't see those individuals as anything more than `` a problem to be dealt with '' ) . 
   now the only ones laughing are the hungarians at the stupidity of left-wingers disconnected from reality by their feelings . 
  liberals * , seeing as how freedom of movement is fundamentally an issue of human rights and liberties . 
  on the contrary , i 'm still laughing at how poor and impoverished hungary is , in spite of the laughable notion of `` homogeneity '' that are seen to be attributed to them . 
  sweden is still richer than hungary , by a long , long margin . 
  any complaints about the swedish quality of life and comparisons that hungary is better are very relative to a person 's baseline ( if you expect the best things in the world , sweden and hungary are equally crap ; but , if you come from a country even slightly below sweden 's quality of life , sweden is obviously the better choice ) , since there is such a disparity between the two on quality-of-life factors with sweden still clearly coming out on top . 
  it goes to show that ( except for japan and south korea , who are expected to die out in the next 1000 years ) , pretty much all of the richest countries are heterogeneous . 
  if you 're going to put restrictions on free movement by saying `` only skilled workers should be imported '' , that still is n't going to justify having a smaller number of immigrants , when we look at countries such as singapore ( predicted to be the richest country per capita in the next 20 + years , with a massive net migration and immigrant population , with 3 different major ethnic groups co-running the country ) . 
  true . 
  given the figures used in the article , i get the impression they 're referring to the municipality / `` city proper '' , rather than the metropolitan area , urban area or county . 
   love and hate has nothing to do with being too poor to afford a house or apartment of your own ** because the housing market has been rigged . 
  ** i 'm confused . 
  `` rigged '' implies interventionist policy , but having immigrants purchasing houses supports laissez-faire , free-market principles . 
  would n't restricting that involve protectionist `` rigging '' of the market ? 
  unless you 're referring to the artificial creation of boundaries arund the city to keep housing prices high out of scarcity , but then , that 's a problem of governing rather than a migrant issue . 
  your argument largely , though , is to say that multi-generational living is a bad thing - whereas i ask , what 's the point of moving out of our parents ' house and wasting what we claim to be very little space , unless we live i dysfunctional families in which we are n't able to get along ? 
  if you complain about cost , it 's economically a more sustainable solution . 
   again , get out of here with that nonsense . 
  if you want to live like sardines in a tin , feel free to move to asia . 
  if you head to / r/singapore and ask them about their hdb flats , i doubt they 'd agree with your description that they feel like `` sardines in a tin '' . 
  on the contrary , many rich westerners flock to singapore and make use of such conditions without major complaint , also . 
   the multicultural demos which we 're complaining about here did n't add anything to said accomplishment , , in fact they 're a burden . 
  what did add to it , then ? 
  if anything , with belgium split between wallonia and flanders , your country is by nature almost doubly multicultural . 
   and you think that 's a model to emulate ? 
  get out of here with that nonsense . 
  and why do n't you ? 
  do you hate your family that much ? 
  even here in the west , some ( predominantly working class ) people have their grandparents living with them . 
  most do n't , of course , but some do . 
   how about no , i think people have a right to complain right now if we were to do the maths , if we take [ stockholm 's population and population density to be that listed on wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stockholm_municipality ) , stockholm 's population would have to be 1.65 million ( or , practically double what is is now ) in order to be [ as densely populated as singapore ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/singapore ) . 
  this is because : population density = population/area population = density * area area = population/density therefore : 7697 ( singapore 's population density ) * 214.63 ( stockholm 's area ) = 1,652,007.11 ( stockholm 's `` new population '' to match singapore 's population density ) my point being , people have no right to complain because stockholm will * never * be as densely populated as singapore , at least not without expanding into the vast amount of land around itself . 
   they could care less about the quality of life of native born swedes being reduced . 
  i could n't care about a bunch of rich people ( for who owning two houses , at least one of which is intentionally rural , is the norm ) having to give away a small about of their vast swathes of empty land , some of the largest amount of empty space per population in the world , of course not . 
  similarly , i could n't care if people have to downgrade their mansions to semi-detached houses as is the case everywhere else ( even though that likely is n't the case ) . 
  of course not . 
  why should i care , when the effect is so negligible to not be worth considering ( arguably even * positive * ) , and allowing this liberty is making a more efficient use of the space we have to benefit the maximum number of people ? 
  it 's rational , it 's pragmatic , and it 's utilitarian . 
   how about the people in africa and the middle east stop having so many kids . 
  the population in syria has increased sevenfold since 1950 . 
  the population in africa is expected to double by 2050 . 
  should the west take in about 75 % of their population ? 
  because for the vast majority of africans there is zero chance of a decent life unless they make it to the west . 
  why do n't you open borders people start pushing for the third world to quit having children - that is the only chance these countries have to improve . 
  well , there 's numerous different arguments for that . 
  one is the demographic argument , which states quite simply that it is n't a problem . 
  there 's either the claim that these countries * are * reducing their birth rates over time ( high birth rates being a demographic trend associated with high mortality rates , with even the west having had similarly high birth rates ) , or , the one i prefer , that we 're heading on a demographic decline where [ south korea will go extinct by 2750 and japan by around the year 3000 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/southkorea/11054817/south-koreans-will-be-extinct-by-2750.html ) , and where population growth will hit a peak and then decline at some stage ( be it this century , or next century ) . 
  my preferred argument is the one we 've used all throughout history - more people ( of different backgrounds ) , especially concentrated in one area , leads to greater levels of innovation , knowledge and wealth creation in the right environment . 
  this is why we have wealthy `` world cities '' like london , paris , berlin , new york etc. 
  it 's no surprise that america , `` the land of the free '' and initially founded on immigration ( love it or hate it ) , became as rich as it did ; and china , a country known for having an incredibly advanced ancient civilisation , suffered absolute stagnation post-1425 for closing the borders and killing anyone entering or leaving , to the point where china was eventually invaded and overwhelmingly defeated in the opium wars . 
   they 've obliterated their environment , largely thanks to overpopulation and corruption , so they ca n't produce enough food for the exploding population and have to depend on western aid . 
  someone clearly has n't heard of the so-called [ `` scramble for africa '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scramble_for_africa ) , where the continent was the last one to be pillaged for its resources , following the rise of social darwinism and the adoption of such thought in anthropology to be used as a justification . 
  if we 're referring to the middle east ( as a part of africa ) , there 's a mixture of climate issues such as desertification ( largely attributed to global pollution ) , social instability and religious fundamentalism ( otherwise largely known as [ `` everything was fine until we overthrew mossadegh ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1953_iranian_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat ) , then there was an [ islamic revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iranian_revolution ) '' ) , and pillaging of resources ( see : overthrowal of mossadegh ) . 
  if we 're referring to sub-saharan africa , similarly , we can point to social instability ( i.e. 
  revolutions from that `` scramble for africa '' , often leading to the implementation of dictators ; or , alternatively , civil wars in places like somalia and the democratic rep. of congo leaving large areas practically ungoverned ) , geographical instability ( [ a facet of the scramble for africa also , leaving much of the continent disputed ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2012/09/the-dividing-of-a-continent-africas-separatist-problem/262171/ ) ) , and then there 's the fact that africa as a continent is [ losing more money to the world every year than is given in so-called `` western aid '' ] ( http://jubileedebt.org.uk/press-release/africa-loses-58-billion-rest-world-every-year ) ( of course , freedom of movement would largely solve this problem due to the [ beneficial nature of remittances ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-22169474 ) ) . 
  ignorance is n't an excuse . 
  there 's countless research that has been done and books that have been written on the topic . 
  you can find many examples on my subreddit , / r/multiculturalism . 
  people live with their parents all over the world , even nowadays . 
  in asia , in particular , you can find multiple generations living in the same household . 
  if all your complaining about is `` i do n't want any space , i want * my own * space , away from my family !, 
  '' , it sounds petty when the solution you 're offering is to make lots of other people homeless or stop them from traveling to your country . 
  we 're not talking about a problem of lack of homes , we 're talking about the problem of a large amount of people living in one-person or two-person households , where the house is far bigger than it should be . 
  even if it * was * a problem of a lack of homes , the answer would surely be to build more homes , rather than to decrease the population . 
  all throughout history , i 've never heard of anyone using the excuse of too many people to get a simple job done . 
  there is loads of space , and even if there was n't , you could replace all the existing space with smaller , better , more efficient housing . 
  sweden , of course , has one of the lowest population densities in europe and the world : if there 's * anywhere * in europe suited to house immigrants , it 's sweden , because they have all that unused space . 
  when stockholm turns into singapore , macau or hong kong in terms of population density , where everyone is living in high-rise flats , then you can start complaining about things being `` too crowded '' ; not while you have large swathes of the city owning mansions ( in comparison to other countries ) and summer houses . 
  to sum up the article , `` this just in : stockholm reaches 1 million people !, 
   today , we 've countless no-go area 's for ( white ) women worth noting , before people start falling for all these buzzwords , there exists no actual demographic definition of what constitutes a `` no-go area '' . 
  any such use of the word is entirely subjective . 
  if people will state crime statistics to back it up , fair enough , but the phrase `` no-go area '' is largely just a made-up buzzword that means nothing in and of itself . 
  as shown by its use by fox news to basically claim all of paris as a `` no-go area '' . 
  well , you can at least live in your parents ' houses , which is more than can be said for those who do n't have stockholm-based parents . 
   what the fuck are you even babbling about ? 
  they wanted economic integration and cooperation , not open borders with the entire fucking world . 
  i 'm `` babbling about '' simple fact , and feel that was described in a very detailed way that even a layperson could understand in my above post . 
  free trade and free markets are , by nature , linked to the role of globalization - that businesses and free agents/workers may be allowed to travel and be employed by whomever they may wish , wherever they may wish , without artificial barriers being imposed on them . 
  individuals who disrupt the free market , by ( for example ) hiring only within the family ( nepotism ) or artificially inflating prices of one 's own goods and hiring only from within the country/region ( protectionism ) , are often condemned for such interventionist policies that go against the nature of a free market . 
  economic liberalisation ( favoured by the non-nationalist right-wing ) is fundamentally founded on the notion of freeing the market to allow for foreign investment , the spread of foreign business ( i.e. 
  mcdonalds , kfc , nokia , volkswagen etc. 
  ) , and the opening of borders to allow for the incentivisation of foreign entrepreneurial talent and ( subsequently ) economic growth . 
  if an economic union was to create greater restrictions on the freedom of the market - closing borders , restricting foreign business and subsidizing domestic workers/businesses over foreign workers/business - it could easily be argued that it is ( by nature ) either not an economic union , or otherwise an `` economic union '' that promotes a poor/unorthodox policy ( i.e. 
  an economic union in a same way that north korea is a `` democratic people 's republic '' ) . 
  it seeks to destroy the meritocratic values that underpin economic capitalism . 
  if you take everything to the extreme - closing borders to all , having no visas , denying foreign business - you become isolationist , in the same way which happened to china in around the 1400 's when they closed all their borders ( keeping in mind , that led to economic stagnation for the next 400 years that it was imposed , as they were unable to learn of any technological advances , since they had shut themselves off from the rest of the world ) . 
   `` freedom of movement '' , i keep hearing you progressives say this phrase as if the freedom to come live off welfare in germany is a fundamental right of all third worlders . 
  we say this because freedom of movement is , uncontroversially , a philosophical liberty and ( subsequently ) human right . 
  it 's not a subjective issue , but fits into the categorisation of a liberty as it is so defined . 
  to be opposed to freedom of movement is to be opposed , in whatever minor way , to liberalism and elements of the enlightenment . 
  whether you wish to place some liberties over others is your choice ( after all , not every liberty is respected , and almost all still have artificial limitations imposed on them ) , but it is fact that restriction of people 's movement ( as long as their movement is n't infringing on other people 's liberties ) is an authoritarian act in the same manner that restriction of people 's speech ( as long as their speech is n't infringing on other people 's liberties ) is authoritarian , and so on for the other liberties . 
  part of an economic union and a freer market is freedom of movement . 
  without any freedom of movement , and without the corresponding foreign industry , you become an isolationist or ( depending on your government ) protectionist economy . 
  people do n't recognize that freer movement and freer markets are interrelated - the eu is doing exactly as is intended . 
  the acceptance of refugees may be a humanitarian issue , but the acceptance of migrants generally is in-line with their free trade values .
