  and do n't get me started on the social constructionists - `` nothing is true , nothing is real , everything you see around you has been socially constructed . 
  that tree outside is only planted there because people decided to plant it there . 
  why is that ? 
  everything has a social reason for being where it is and doing what it does !, 
  '' , all that . 
  that 's what is seen as `` big '' at the moment . 
  and before we get to the individuals who say `` it 's used because it 's correct !, 
  '' , we 're talking about * theory * here . 
  almost all of it is infalsifiable ( sociology spends most of its time trying to disprove the scientific method and/or evolutionary theory , rather than use it , or otherwise claim some essentialist argument for why they should n't use it ) , and there is a literal divide between theory and research for that reason where people on one side refuse to co-operate with the other . 
  this sort of social theory is never entirely backed up , even if some results occasionally get manufactured in favour of some claims . 
  some degree courses , depending on the university , are better than others . 
  i 'm currently in the process of trying to transfer university while sticking with the same course - universities which focus on research methods tend to be a bit better , because at least they 're trying to * actually find out something * . 
  despite sociology trying very hard to keep them out , mathematical and computational sociology , sociobiology , analytical sociology and rational actor theory are , i feel , good perspectives to look into . 
  they are rarely ever taught , though ( largely because they do n't attract enough interest due to not being as controversial or in-line with the politically motivations of students in order to get the demand ) , and especially not in an undergraduate course . 
  they do n't really attract media attention either for a similar reasons - they 're considerably less sensationalist . 
  there are avenues to go down in which it 's possible to avoid the crazies - at the moment , i 'm looking into collective action theory and social network analysis , with a hope of possibly going into demography ( a subfield of sociology that is far more receptive to differing perspectives , and does n't actively reject science ) . 
  there are a few theoretical and infalsifiable copycats of the newer ( falsifiable ) research methods , i imagine largely designed to trick people . 
  you have actor-network theory , which ( unlike social network analysis ) does n't really have anything to do with networks . 
  they like to say that networks exist theoretically , in the abstract , but do n't try to map them out . 
  then you have bhaskar 's increasingly-popular critical realism , which sounds somewhat legitimate - `` hey , it uses mechanisms like analytical sociology !, 
  and it talks about causation ! '', 
  - until you see that , again , bhaskar makes clear that he is n't really trying to prove anything , and it 's mostly just theory again , using `` mechanisms '' as an abstract concept rather than a tool for viewing causation ( `` sorry , we ca n't prove anything because mechanisms might go unactivated , or rely on other mechanisms !, 
  so we should n't even try looking at researching anything , because we 'll never get anything truly right ! '' ) . 
  it 's just social theorists ( who would rather see sociology as a humanities subject , using really highfalutin words , rather than a social science ) trying to expand their perspectives by muscling in on pre-existing methods and making them `` abstract '' and unoperationalizable . 
  the worst part is , as a sociology undergraduate , that 's the sort of crap we 're taught . 
   you have your hands over your eyes . 
  why ? 
  because the alternative is samuel p. huntington 's `` clash of civilizations '' , and quite frankly , i very much prefer the narrative where people of different cultures can get along in harmony rather than hacking away at eachother 's throats . 
  it 's the more optimistic option - `` not every muslim is anti-west , so we do our best to make as few muslims anti-west as possible '' . 
  i could just as easily ask the same about americans and african-americans after events like ferguson and the attack on dartmouth library by black lives matter - it 's the same sort of relationship , different country ; both groups commit violent acts for political reasons . 
   what 's kony got to do with this ? 
  or any of the others ? 
  kony started a paramilitary groups of christian terrorists , who recruited and indoctrinated child soldiers . 
  is that not the equivalent of what you are arguing against extremist muslims for doing ? 
  or is the thing you find most abhorrent about suicide bombers , as opposed to everyone else , their own deaths , as opposed to the people they 're killing ? 
  the focus of my examples , to match with most people 's equivalences , was `` christians kill people too in the name of christianity '' , rather than `` christians kill themselves '' , although i can very much assure you that christians also commit suicide . 
   we do n't have a problem with christian suicide bombers though , do we ? 
  * we * do n't , but do you not remember kony 2012 ? 
  christian paramilitary groups do exist in the world , and they are just as susceptible to christian extremism as muslims are to islamic extremism . 
  [ especially when archbishops start saying violence against certain people is okay ] ( http://www.ekklesia.co.uk/node/7382 ) . 
  then we have individual murderers , such as ronald gay who described himself as a `` christian soldier working for my lord '' , and the likes of anders breivik . 
  oh , and [ things like this ] ( http://metro.co.uk/2015/03/23/christian-lawyer-proposes-bill-which-makes-it-legal-to-murder-gay-people-5117125/ ) that show many of us really are n't too different from the saudis . 
   because the entire congregation allowed this to happen , allowed their religious leader to be an extremist , allowed him to express his extremist hate , and gave him a position of power within their community . 
  i highly doubt it 's the case that he was hired * because * he was an extremist , or that any of the congregation knew fine well he would have said it in order to prevent it . 
  if you went to church , and the priest threw off his gown so he was naked , dancing like a crazy person , should the whole congregation and church officials be condemned for hiring a crazy ? 
  or should it be expected that they did n't know that they hired a crazy ? 
  would you expect yourself or anyone else to take the guy down , or to say something , or would you reluctant to put up with it * because the guy is crazy , has authority and you do n't know what would happen * ? 
   i also did n't find it appropiate how you were talking about hungary earlier . 
  some things of it were true of course , but the way you brought it was just not-done imo . 
  to hear this from someone from the netherlands is frankly shocking . 
  is it not your country which is known for their bluntness , and for whom the political right take pride in saying things in ways which are `` not-done '' ? 
  ( i.e. 
  pim fortuyn , and now geert wilders etc. ), 
  if there 's lesson i thought that those people have tried to push the netherlands to , it 's saying things that are inappropriate and offensive to say . 
  of course , if that only goes one way ( i.e. 
  for islam , but not for hungary ) , then it stifles debate . 
  so , you have the example of a bunch of romans not liking people coming into their empire , and then a wiki article that gives examples such as the founding of america , the migration of former slaves to the northern usa and lots of people going to the usa to mine gold . 
  not only do i not think those sources will do a good job of convincing anyone , but they do n't even really support the view of migration as a bad thing . 
  the closest we get to it is unsubstantiated fear from the romans , and then a bunch of examples of mass-migration either aiding in creating prosperity ( i.e. 
  mass migration to the usa , leading to it becoming a world power ; mass-migration for the purpose of excavating gold etc. 
  ) , or at least not a negative effect ( i.e. 
  african-americans going from the south to the north , although i 'm sure you could slander detroit as a `` negative effect '' of that ) . 
  and how wo n't it ? 
  if you want me to rummage about in the journal articles , i can happily find some papers viewing unfettered immigration as having a positive impact . 
  from the top of my head , i even remember a uk study by ucl on european migrants producing an economic benefit . 
   yea , okay . 
  i am sure nothing will change in that time . 
  well , we 're going demographic trends - hard , numerical data trends - so , by all means , things could change , but unless we find a way to boost fertility ( or let in immigrants ) then they 're unlikely . 
   singapore is literally the worst example you could think of : lee yuan kew was pretty openly racist and believed in a racial iq hierarchy . 
   in an interview in america he said `` immigration is good but if you import fruit pickers you wo n't get very far '' . 
  and yet , despite offering a communitarian and slightly social darwinistic policy pertaining to meritocracy ( something i can admire : unfettered competition in an economic sense , pragmatic and paternalistic policies that allow people a chance to do the right thing , and the promotion of community ) , his view of an ideal society is simply abhorrent to western ears : chinese buddhists , indian hindus and malaysian * muslims * ?!, 
  after all , as we know , these are the ethnic groups and religions which he chose to form the new society , and they 've been living happily ever after ( with the guiding hand of the state , to punish those who create discontent ) ever since . 
   also , every study of heterogeneity has shown that it is bad for social cohesion and trust . 
  so it 's wrongheaded to say that heterogeneity is somehow inherently good when we have no reason to believe that beyond what the postmodern orthodoxy tells us . 
  every study i 've seen , unless you count polemic pieces which wax lyrical on unfalsifiable theory ( i.e. 
  putnam , huntingdon , spencer ) , when they do n't suggest a null hypothesis , will at least provide examples where heterogeneity and social cohesion/trust coexist . 
  few to none will say there is an inherent problem with diversity itself , but point ( as in the case of schelling ) to how people simply `` prefer '' to self-segregate and divide themselves ( something we see a lot of in liberal societies , even ignoring ethnic factors , as everyone likes to be a special snowflake with their own identity ) . 
   a better answer is that the richest countries in the world ( that do n't have a lot of oil ) are getting immigration . 
  not that immigration made them rich . 
  enlighten me , then , as to how you would explain the successes of north america and oceania over other large landmasses like south america or ( in asia ) the likes of china , russia and india ? 
  what 's your narrative ? 
  it certainly is n't resources , or otherwise we would see russia ( as in mackinder 's heartland theory ) ruling the world , or china . 
  are you going to go with the laughable weberian notion of `` oh , well , it 's just religion '' ? 
  or mumble something about racial supremacy that makes no sense ? 
   sweden is mired in tons of social problems it never had before due to immigration and what we will be discovering over the next few decades is that they are intractable . 
  funny how you do n't mention what those problems are , as i mentioned in my above comment . 
   current immigration is from a very different culture than other immigration from the past using notions of `` different culture '' is as vague , esoteric and unfalsifiable as notions about the existence of religion ( which is funny , because religion is normally where your types tend to go next ) . 
  it allows you an alibi because it 's ca n't be operationalized or falsified , and therefore ca n't be proven right or wrong . 
  if what you want is some discussion of the theoretical arguments of huntingdon , spencer and the like , there are other philosophers and sociologists who would happily engage in that . 
  sadly , i do n't like all this mamby-pamby soft science ( or , even worse , pseudoscience ) with no basis in reality . 
   if you care about the history/past so much , you should know that mass immigration often did not turn out well at all . 
  other than `` mass immigration '' being some meaningless and undefined buzzword ( oh , i 'm sorry , `` concept '' ) , i 'll bite . 
  where are your examples , so i can deconstruct them one by one ? 
  minus a small riot in husby that was blown out of proportion , the swedish ship has been sailing smoothly ever since . 
  society has n't collapsed yet , as much as you might want to believe it has . 
  as for the disbelief in immigration leading to innovation , that 's what the problem is with people who are historically ignorant . 
  people have been complaining about foreigners since the start of time , but we have more than enough evidence to suggest that more immigration is better than less ( hence , why right-wingers ca n't go as far as saying `` close the borders and cut ourselves off from everyone completely ! '' ) . 
  aside from singapore , and countries like canada and the usa being founded on immigration ( is it any coincidence the usa is the single richest country ? 
  ) , we have the opposite example : countries like china , the most technologically advanced nation in the world , closing their borders in ~ 1425 , and then stagnating itself to death up until the opium wars . 
  do n't worry , i understand it 's not the racist 's fault ( in hungary and elsewhere ) that we let them , as uneducated barbarians , vote on topics and create single-issue political parties on topics that they have no knowledge on other than anecdote and what they hear in the media .
