  that being said , does srs * really * have such a bad reputation ? 
  admittedly , this was my first time posting on their subreddit , but i 'd certainly never paid attention to them prior to this and , i must admit , i 'm delighted to find that i have a like-minded community myself to turn to who seem to share my perspective on things . 
   so you can quote things . 
  bravo . 
  please come back with an actual argument because this is not one . 
  there is a point where you have to stop hunting witches otherwise you will start killing innocent people as you already killed all the witches . 
  if you think the witches are all dead , then you 're more than deluded . 
  the witches will never all be dead because it 's very difficult to `` kill '' a belief ; especially one that , even now , is so ingrained into the norms and values of modern society . 
  such a statement is , ironically , in complete contrast to the rest of your post . 
  ofcourse , then we have normative ethics coming into play as to how we `` define '' a witch . 
  no matter which standpoint you take in that respect , you will not find a position justifying the belief that `` racism is dead and buried '' , because it quite simply is n't . 
   it does not matter if it is the most effective way . 
  the end result we want is not a powderkeg of many different cultures . 
  we want the nation as homogenic as possible because that is when it is most efficient . 
  i disagree , and you seek only to justify a statement i made earlier - that individuals who are openly racist would never dare admit it , simply because it 's so socially unacceptable . 
  that , however , does n't make them any less racist in their views . 
  to cite you earlier :  also just want to note that df does not ramble about ethnic homogeneity . 
  if they did then we may actually start to seriously call them nazis . 
  without wishing to delve too much into an argumentum ad hitlerum - as it 's used far too often , and has quite the negative reputation - but it 's pretty obvious that there are parallels . 
  `` but one is about culture and the other about race , so they are not comparable !, 
  '' , you may cry , but what does that even mean ? 
  `` we do n't hate you because you 're black , asian or arabic ; we just hate you because you 're not western '' ? 
  besides , how would you even define `` efficient '' , and how does a lack of homogeneity fit into that definition ? 
  i would argue that plenty of the most famous and successful european states are far from homogeneous - germany , spain , italy , ireland ; all merely a collection of city states , rather than some united whole sharing norms and values , and all only very recently defined as unified `` countries '' . 
   this has nothing to do with a `` western '' perspective . 
  it has to do with a reasonable perspective . 
  of course their religion is not real . 
  when they start killing , looting and murdering over a delusion they have a problem - not the ones who draw bloody cartoons . 
  also burning something resembling a soldier is much different to making a silly cartoon . 
  you are essentially saying you wish to kill someone by setting them on fire . 
  a cartoon of muhammed is just making fun of a historical figure that happens to have a cult of personality . 
  you claim it 's `` reasonable '' , then go on to say that their religion is n't real ( with a lack of evidence to justify such a claim ) ; support both the disrespect of aniconism ** and ** , even more notably , the links of muhammed to islamic terrorism in the article , whilst then claiming that disrespecting soldiers is something completely different ? 
  how can you sit/stand/lie there and try to justify such exceptionalism ? 
  how can you even make a comparison that burning a flower is suggestive of wanting to burn soldiers ( who are , in effect , paid legal murderers ) to death ? 
  you claim such a suggestion is no stretch of the imagination , and worthy of mass-condemnation , whilst defending your `` right '' to call an influential muslim leader ( not just a religious leader , but a political one , who helped foster progression within the middle-east ) every accusation people can think of , and depict him as some offensive cartoon caricature , of all things ? 
  ofcourse , `` reasonable '' and `` rational '' would be the first two words that certainly * would n't * come to mind about your standpoint on the matter , and i 'm running out of analogies to make that you would n't either accept as reasonable or say `` it 's nothing like that ! '', 
   there 's a big difference between essentially creating the message you that you wish to burn someone alive and criticising religion . 
  if you can not see that you are deluded as hell . 
  they have a choice not to go and turn the streets upside down over a silly cartoon and they choose not to do that . 
  it is not our fault that they decide to be barbaric . 
  they have the freedom to not act in such a manner . 
  just because we provoke them with a silly cartoon does not make us guilty of their actions . 
  the fact we can provoke them with something as petty as a cartoon should scare you . 
  i 've already laughed at your absurd suggestion ( `` burning flowers = wanting to burn soldiers ; because flowers have a connotation with dead soldiers '' ; by the way , does burning a flag mean you want to burn a country down ? 
  ) , so i 'll address the other aspects of the above paragraph . 
  you ignore the fact that they 're obviously offended , and want to express their dissent like people generally do - through protest ( although , even nowadays , respect for gandhi and luther king 's methods is patchy ; and we 're often more than supportive of their violent protests if it means overthrowing their governments ) ; but such `` barbaric '' actions can even be seen from your side of the fence - the [ insert-country-here ] `` defense league `` s , the swedish `` democrats '' , individuals such as breivik ( who most people will dismiss as `` the exception '' , because ofcourse they do ) etc. 
  ; all those people who actually go marching about , targeting minorities to assault out of `` duty '' for their `` country '' . 
  you hardly have a moral high-ground . 
  the fact that people can get peeved at cartoons does n't surprise me , because many people do get peeved at works of art and writing . 
  i get peeved at anyone who says `` i love ayn rand '' , or `` i believe in the elders of zion '' , and sometimes feel the desire to kill them out of my duty to seek the improvement of society . 
  i do n't find it surprising that people will get agitated over it , and find it surprising that other people are surprised by that - you 'd have thought that people would learn by now that such is what happens , and have decided to be respectful and not do it again , instead of `` hey , we 've made 'em angry !, 
  let 's piss 'em off some more !, 
  if this took place on an individual level instead of state level , you would rightfully be seen as a dickhead , because that 's what happens when you take the piss out of other people 's beliefs and try to force them to conform to your own . 
   try to read what i wrote again . 
  they 're not above us , but no where did i write they were necessarily below us . 
  as you say yourself , the idea of janteloven is that you are not above anyone else . 
  what i wrte is , following that same logic , you should n't be above them either . 
  if you believe that you are above them , then that needs justified in terms of janteloven ; if you believe you are n't above them , then you need to justify the evidence that points against that statement . 
   actually you are the one who misunderstand the term in its entirety . 
  when a `` race '' gets any sort of benefit or discrimination solely from being that `` race '' you have racism . 
  this whole idea of positive discrimination is ludicrous . 
  you will never combat racism when you are essentially saying `` you are lesser than us , here is some help to bring you up to our level '' . 
  positive discrimination is still discrimination , and it is still racism , sexism , etc. 
  no matter where you apply it . 
    if you have a problem with many people struggling at the bottom of society you should instead look towards programs that help those people indiscriminately . 
  if you choose to start discriminating you have become part of the problem and are as vile as the most hardcore sexist or racist . 
  i agree with you up until the last sentence - the most apparent/noticeable problems of racism * at the moment * , as i mentioned , tend primarily to be socio-economic ; thus , the solution should also be socio-economic , in decreasing that level of inequality . 
  however , the reason i disagree with your last sentence is that attempts to be `` counter-racist '' still attempt to and succeed in bridging the gap - both consequentially and in terms of virtue ethics ( which focus on intention ) , this is morally sound . 
  to most of your above post , i offer a quote from edmund burke : `` the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing . '', 
  whilst you might interpret such a quote as `` therefore , we must combat ` evil ' cultural differences !, 
  '' , i take more of an interpretation in favour of `` to do nothing in a time of inequalities is to maintain such inequalities '' . 
  whilst to do nothing is to `` normalise '' the issue , such may not be favourable insofar as inequalities still exist ( and trust me when i say , dabbling even a little bit into the statistics shows that inequalities do exist - you , yourself , point at differences in culture to explain this ) . 
  on certain other points :  believe it or not , a culture of vengeance is not good . 
  believe or not people should probably assimilate enough to function in the society they live in . 
  we should not turn our country upside down so they can colonise us . 
  that 's not how immigration works . 
  a culture of vengeance may not be good , however , believe it or not , but the idea of assimilation also is n't seen as the most effective view , and certainly not something that you can force with legislation ( on the contrary , to most sociologists i 've read of who 've studied the topic , trying to force people to integrate has a counterproductive effect in causing them to intergrate even less and become even more culturally defensive - steve bruce is the name of the first sociologist who springs to mind ) . 
  as for the idea of `` assimilation '' , i champion the canadian `` cultural mosaic '' over the western `` melting pot '' ; the former actually supporting the coexistence of different cultures rather than forcing them all to be the same . 
  such success is apparent when you look at crime statistics etc. 
  - there 's claims , for instance , that toronto has one of the lowest crime rates in north america , for instance . 
   the muhammed drawings are very different from this . 
  they were drawn to agitate and provoke , and with good reason too . 
  how can you not draw a picture of muhammed ? 
  because of their deluded religion ? 
  it 's not real , so why should we care about it ? 
  because they get up in arms and kill people over being oh-so-offended by a mere drawing ? 
  they 're the ones at fault and they are ultimately responsible for the destruction they wreak - not the ones who make the drawings . 
  the ones making the drawings are just pointing out to you have ludicrous and terrifying this kind of insanity is . 
  and , thus , we see your cultural ignorance , from an inherently western , secular viewpoint . 
  their religion may not be `` real '' to you , but it certainly is to them , which explains why they were offended . 
  a similar analogy would be ( although i 'm not sure if it has the same meaning in denmark as the uk ) that i would n't be able to burn a poppy or anything resembling a poppy ( resemblant of soldiers ) without causing such mass-riots ( and trust me when i say , i have seen someone do so , and it was not pretty - they had their house burned down ) . 
  it 's agitative because you 're taking something that is intentionally a touchy topic for them , and trying your best to cause offence with it . 
  if those drawings were n't culturally insensitive ( and discriminatory towards middle-eastern culture ) , i do n't know what were . 
  like with individuals , if you push a sensitive topic enough times , of course they 're going to get pissed - to then go and say `` this is how barbaric they are ! '', 
  afterwards is inane . 
   edit : as for janteloven , we never really lost that . 
  it 's probably one of the reason we 're not so nurturing for those poor wobbly immigrants . 
  they 're not above us and they 're not special either . 
  if they want to come here they will have to live according to our laws and make an effort to integrate and assimilate . 
  we 'll help them with the latter two , but they wo n't get any kind of treatment a dane wo n't get .
