do you want unlimited immigration from europe ( mainly rich and white ) but not from africa ( mainly poor and black ) ? 
  i call for no border controls at all in the uk , regardless of country , like there was ( de jure , even if not de facto ) prior to the implementation of the passport in britain in the 1920 's . 
  as you say , i 'm in a tiny minority , but so be it . 
  there is more to a country than merely its economic worth and , yet , you actually touch on this yourself :  you might want to leave the uk , but in their hundreds of thousands people from the rest of the eu are moving to the uk . 
  my concern is in the widespread public sentiment that seeks for this to be limited , and impose limits upon the free market . 
  my concern is of the xenophobic sorts living here who say , unabashedly , that they wish to interfere with the economic system in order to impose a british protectionism upon it , so that `` british '' comes first , and that both quality and quantity ( both in goods and the producers of those goods ) are denied in favour of putting some figurehead of the same nationality in place instead . 
  where sentimentality comes above productivity , and where people are denied entry to the country ( regardless of qualification ) on the dubious basis of `` we have too many non-british people ! '' . 
  my complaint is n't against job creation or economic success - i 'm in favour of both - it 's of the attempts to limit that success to a small group of people based on their ethnicity or place of birth . 
  my complaint is in an attempt to abolish the meritocracy that 's trying to be created , and replace it with a sort-of xenophobic ethnic favoritism . 
  podemos might be similarly anti-immigrationist - in which case , i see it as equally deplorable - but that 's not the impression i get from reading of it , even if it is eurosceptic . 
  for me , my `` sinking ship '' is that of a country veering towards intolerance and xenophobia , and that 's a country i would find unbearable to live in , even as a british person myself . 
  for me , i can put up with the economic libertarian aspects , it 's the ultra-nationalistic aspects that i find abhorrent . 
  i feel the exact same about the countries suffering from right-wing populist parties at the moment - parties which both are a greater threat to freedom of movement ( who run on a campaign of xenophobia , rather than any rational reasoning , and thus have more of a motivation to make freedom of movement as hard as possible both ways ) , and for which greater wealth disparities will most definitely take away more people 's positive liberty to be able to leave . 
  even as a qualified person , an academic , i fear the rise of ukip and farage on the basis that i wo n't be able to leave this sinking ship fast enough . 
  i 'll be stuck here and , as someone who has n't taken a vocational path , unable to jump through the vocational hoops put in front of me in order to live abroad - because , let 's face it , if you are n't part of a stem field , you 're fucked regardless of how useful your degree may be in other career paths or how large the demand may be for those career paths ( which are merely labelled ` unimportant ' ) . 
   all i read was a bunch of bullshit and cherry picking . 
  you really try hard to justify your flawed world view , this hard i know you will stay blind until reality comes knocking at your door , im not gon na bother to reply . 
  i see no reason to not disbelieve in my so-called `` flawed '' worldview based upon the impartial ( and , with emphasis , ** academic and empirical , non-anecdotal ** ) evidence i have seen and read , and plenty of reasons not to adopt yours . 
  nevertheless , i 'm not going to be able to convince you , and you certainly are n't going to provide anything thought-provoking enough to convince me that is n't an anecdotal fox news , daily mail or the sun segment , so it seems we are at an impasse . 
   and if everyone was as idealistic and delusional , europe would be no more . 
  and , for those who did n't click on before , you 're one of * those * people - the so-called `` cultural protectionists '' , who are living on the wrong side of history . 
   freedom of movement ?? 
  so i can just go into your house and sleep next to your daughter ? 
  no , right , you hypocrite , suddenly freedom of movement is restricted because it would be harmful to you . 
  unless we take your metaphor literally - in which you 're scared that a migrant of a different ethnicity is going to sleep with your daughter ( for such a specific example , it must surely be something that concerns you , and that you 're extrapolating as an example ) - i see no problem . 
  people flatshare with other people . 
  young people are often forced to share a house , against their own will , with their families because they 're economically dependent . 
  the idea of people from all backgrounds sharing a house is n't new or unique , and has been the theme of many sitcoms . 
  additionally , as you say , liberties are limited when they encroach upon a person 's rights - however , there is no human right of `` not having to live amongst foreigners '' , and such a view goes against enlightenment values . 
  property rights - a precarious assertion already - does not extend to the whole country . 
  this country is not your home , you do not own it , and you do not have a right to lock people out of it . 
   now understand that there are realistic people who protect our borders because it is harmful if anyone can just come and go into a country . 
  on the contrary , evidence ( both anecdotal and statistical ) points to the exact opposite - it 's no surprise that an immigrant nation grew to become the world 's biggest superpower today while isolationist countries lie in squalor , and it 's not co-incidence that china ( a country which , for long periods in history , was vastly more developed than the west ) stagnated circa-1200s when zheng he was refused to continue his voyages , and the emperor began executing anyone who left and returned to the country . 
  needless to say , the opium wars showed just how much this former-developed nation fell after once being the nation most likely to take the top spot . 
  i can cite numerous academic works in favour of this assertion , and other such assertions - contrary to belief , this is beyond dispute , this is academic fact . 
   you probably believe everyone is equal and deny facts like average iq differences ( for example asians have the highest average iq ) . 
  i believe that , if differences do exist , they should be compensated for . 
  otherwise , we are not living in a fair meritocracy if some people start in a higher position than others . 
  besides , iq tests ? 
  the flynn effect has called the whole validity of those into doubt years ago . 
  the fact that mensa still uses them just goes to show how slowly it is for scientific knowledge to reach the general public . 
   because nothing matters to you except the egotistical feeling of thinking that you are doing the just and correct thing , when in reality you have been taught to think this way and it is not in your or your peoples best interest . 
  on the contrary , i would say that it 's you who does n't know what is your country 's best interests . 
  blinded by tabloid claims that immigrants `` drag a country down '' , against evidence of the opposite provided by the actual experts , you 've grown to believe that anything which does n't talk the same language or eat the same food as you do is a threat and an economic burden , when in reality it 's the opposite . 
  is there a sense of pro-equal utopianism there ? 
  perhaps - after all , alongside benefitting the host country , remittances have been shown time and again to have a greater effect on helping poverty-stricken sending countries than the paltry amounts given in so-called government aid , and that money gets to the right people . 
  there are studies which claim open borders would do wonders to lessen global inequalities . 
  there is certainly that incentive . 
  however , should i tell you a better reason why i care ? 
  because i 'm going to be becoming an immigrant myself very soon , leaving this british backwater in favour of greener pastures , and i know exactly how difficult it is to jump through those hoops , and i know how difficult my future life is going to be because , surprise surprise , i 've looked into it . 
  contrary to popular belief , immigration is n't as easy as just hopping on a plane and you 're there . 
  ___ by the way , speaking of idealism , passports and border controls were only implemented in the uk as a `` temporary measure '' as late as the 1920 's , post-ww1 ( and similarly for the other countries of the world in the 1900 's ) . 
  the fact that they 've remained is experimental , and certainly not to our benefit . 
  calling for freedom of movement is n't utopian - we had it before , until our idiotic national leaders decided to put a stop to it after a world war put them a bit on-edge . 
   it 's a ridiculous argument , is n't it ? 
  not necessarily - when it comes to the repression of liberties and rights , such as that as the freedom of movement , it makes sense according to our enlightenment values that the impetus for explanation should land firmly on the shoulders of those who wish to restrict such values . 
  the argument made by me ( and repeated by you ) is n't , in itself , innately a bad one . 
  it promotes a sympathy for the other side by experiencing what they experience firsthand - in a similar means to how john howard griffin , in the book `` black like me '' , chose to artificially darken his skin to understand prejudice towards african americans in the southern us states . 
  saying `` well , why do n't you go do it and see what it 's like ? '', 
  is perhaps one of the best advice that people can give other people , but the problem is that us keyboard warriors are too lazy and fixed in our ways . 
  sure , i could join a bunch of eurosceptics and , through participant observation , attempt to sympathise with their way of life . 
  i choose not to , however , because i believe they would be wholeheartedly innately terrible people , and i would n't be able to forgive myself if i became one of them and started calling for restrictions on people 's freedoms . 
   by leaving the eu the uk will become much more like canada and singapore . 
  by all means , if will no longer have schengen borders for free european movement , but ukip intend to restrict immigration whereas the two aforementioned countries have very open immigration policies - something unthinkable in contemporary british discourse . 
  canada and singapore are countries which get their immigrants from far and wide - albeit , with the singaporean example , they seem to attract predominantly chinese , malay and indian diasporas . 
  for the uk , european movement is one of the most prominent individual forms of immigration we have available - over a quarter ( 3.6 % out of our total 11.3 % foreign-born population , according to the 2011 eurostat ; as of 2014 , our foreign-born population is 12.4 % ) of our foreign-born population is from an eu member state . 
  i chose canada and singapore for very specific reasons - the foreign-born population of the former is 20.7 % , whereas the foreign-born population of the latter is 42.9 % . 
  their net migration rates are both higher than ours , at 5.66 per 1000 and 14.55 per 1000 respectively ( compared to the uk 's 2.56 per 1000 ) . 
  both of these countries have reputations as very successful societies alongside their freedom of movement , especially `` multicultural '' canada . 
  to suggest that leaving the eu would lead us to be somehow more successful because we 'd be able to implement more stringent regulations simply fails to understand the motive for leaving the eu in the first place . 
  we 're seeking to leave the eu , quite frankly , because we 're xenophobic - not because we 're going to start opening the borders to greater amounts of `` skilled professionals '' . 
  the whole debate has always focused on those `` filthy foreigners '' who are destroying so-called `` british culture '' . 
  our situation is nothing like that in canada , or singapore . 
  when you decide to smuggle on boats and trek moneyless to morocco , then ( and only then ) can you * maybe * start complaining about immigrants who are looking for a better life . 
  by all means , you could assume that it was the ukip threat that made cameron more right-wing and conservative ; however , you can just as easily say that it was the 2008 wall street crash that did so , as economic disasters are often cited as causing greater political extremism snd searches for a scapegoat . 
  albeit , it could be argued that the wall street crash caused the rise of ukip in the first place , so it may simply be a knock-on effect . 
  either way , the uk is going to look very silly when it adopts a policy of north korean isolationism , and all the smart people have fled to canada or singapore . 
  eur ~ ~ asian ~ ~ opean federation of ~ ~ soviet ~ ~ social ~ ~ ist ~ ~ democratic states . 
  obvious reason - they act as `` buffer states '' in case of further potential war . 
  people often chide `` we have nuclear weapons , so any war that happens would n't be a ground war '' , but that 's a tad naive of a prediction - all war thus far * has * been ground war , and russia has little reason to believe that further such territorial conflicts would n't continue as such . 
  after all , people will be reluctant to have their hand on the trigger finger when the consequences could be monumental - mass-deaths of a country 's citizens , universal condemnation , the inaccessability of bombed land due to nuclear fallout , the risk of injuring the bombing country 's citizens within the bombed country etc. 
  generally , there is no good reason , but both a lack of political capital for politicians to do so ( including , as you say , opposition from the media ) , as well as opposition from the political establishment which prevents it from occurring . 
  there 's a disparity , as there often is , between both the media and academia - the latter is vastly in favour of the liberalisation of movement ( seen as the biggest reason to be out of europe by many ) , as well as ( to some extent ) the benefits of belonging to a supranational state such as the eu . 
  the vast majority of literature , of the two , is focused on immigration in general rather than benefits of the eu , although both types exist - if you wish , as i 've read a few books of both , i could point people here in the right direction , if anyone is interested . 
  what i 'm wondering is , what happened between march and october of 2011 to cause the huge shoot/peak in pessimism , from 47 % to 68 % believing it would get worse ? 
  i do n't see what the problem is . 
  [ finland beat the russians once before ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winter_war ) , surely they can do so again . 
  the nordics have nothing to worry about , not with the finns on their side . 
  david icke is the guy the other commentors were referring to with the `` reptile people '' comments . 
  he 's an infamous conspiracy theorist , and with your first post being very vague , many people falsely jumped to the same conclusion about yourself . 
  once i did have someone try to torch my friend 's house , actually . 
  a bunch of nationalistic nutjobs who got ultra-offended after said pyromanic friend burned a poppy they 'd picked up off the ground , thinking it was a red bit of paper . 
  in that case , i 'm sorry , mr. i-read-the-daily-fail-and-believe-the-looney-left-is-a-real-thing . 
  and to think , you had the nerve to * call him * a conspiracy theorist . 
  where did the person state that jews were to blame ? 
  by all means , downvote the first comment for sounding very conspiracy , but the second comment comes across as merely left-wing , rather than racist . 
  nothing irrational about his statement - it 's common knowledge that , in this day and age , money has a big role in politics ( political party sponsorship etc. ) . 
  that being said , i could be wrong , and he could be a david-icke-believing so-and-so , but he 's done little yet to suggest that 's the case aside from some ambiguous wording . 
  to be fair , it 's probably a waste of my time trying to convince you , either - you seem pretty set in your views . 
  have a nice day , yourself .
