  you clueless fool . 
  is n't that the whole basis of migration to america ? 
  convince a few rich people that your country will keep them rich , slap on the label that you 're a `` tax haven '' , and watch as they take the `` hard-earned resources '' the old world gave them and bring them to america ? 
  the very fact that yours was a nation created by britain must make that true to some extent - at the very least , you borrowed the manpower required , from us and by us , to make your nation what it is today . 
  that 's a debt that has yet to have been adequately repaid . 
   also , leave it to a brit to call an american racist when he 's frank about ethnic-level problems . 
  what you 're suggesting is the discriminatory and differing treatment of a certain group of people over the colour of their skin . 
  that is the very * definition * of racism , no matter who it is applied to . 
  if you want to create a different definition which states `` except for arabs , who deserve to be treated differently '' , then that 's your choice , but take note that people like me will not tolerate that incorrect interpretation and will continue to apply the word to you . 
  the very notion of racism is about giving preferential treatment of some ethnic groups over others , and treating certain ethnic groups differently . 
  how can you possibly defend the view that your claim that there are allegedly too many arabs ( or , in your words , `` you 're going to spend decades figuring out the ramifications of importing so many arabs [ ... ] among whom there is too significant a radical minority '' ) , focusing on the implicit condemnation of a specific ethnic group , can be viewed in a way that is anything other than racially discriminatory ? 
  if you had said , as many do , that there are `` you 're importing too many blacks '' , `` you 're importing too many mexicans '' , `` you 're importing too many whites '' , or any other combination , i would oppose you just as virulently . 
  if you have a different definition of racism than i do and would like to share it , feel free , but as far as i see it you 're calling to deny certain groups the liberty of freedom of movement , having actively selected them as a `` problem '' group , for whatever reason . 
  if your answer is `` terrorism '' , as the big scare goes , then annual reports by europol ( summed up and sourced for several [ here ] ( http://thinkprogress.org/world/2015/01/08/3609796/islamist-terrorism-europe/ ) , alongside thinkprogress ' ideological spiel - this source chosen as it provides a link for multiple years ) , go completely against that notion . 
  i ca n't think of any other reason for your paranoia of that specific ethnic group than that oft-repeated media claim . 
   on immigration : america does immigration well . 
  granted , the system needs improving , but the immigrants we bring in tend to be of high quality and work ethnic . 
  mexicans are great . 
  britain however seems determined to bring in every pakistani , palestinian , and somalian under the sun . 
  on what basis do you define `` work ethic '' ? 
  give me something quantifiable , and i 'll show you how the british immigrant excels . 
  nissa finney and ludi simpson does plenty of that in their book `` sleepwalking to segregation ? 
  '' ; if you like , i could just pull out that book and throw statistics at you . 
  as for your claim that `` the uk accepts everyone '' , you 'll need to be able to back up that impossible claim by looking at our visa requirements . 
  [ these are easily found here , and offer the ability for you to experiment - going through them yourself , adding certain `` conditions '' , and seeing whether `` every pakistani , palestinian and somalian '' would actually get in ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/uk-visas-and-immigration ) . 
  that 's ignoring [ recent immigration laws ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-17204297 ) stating that anyone from the rest of the world wanting to settle in the uk must earn # 35,000 from 2016 . 
  take note , most wages of even skilled jobs outside of london do n't earn anywhere near that high , especially not in the north and even less so in smaller settlements . 
   it honestly says enough to me , to see how anti-semitism is quickly on the rise throughout europe , britain in particular being a bastion of it . 
  jews are the canary in the coal mine of social poison . 
  your continent has some major problems coming ahead of you . 
  anti-semitism in modern europe ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  anti-israeli sentiment , sure , but unless you can back up your claim then i refuse to believe anti-semitism is on the rise . 
  most of our jews have already gone to israel , and i 've never heard a single news story pertaining to jewish anything in the history of having lived in this country . 
   internally , america is far from perfect but we 're sure as hell doing better than you lot , who are days away from losing a member state and have likely set back the european integration project by decades ( meaning that europe will continue to be geopolitically impotent well into the 21st century ) . 
  and our economy is doing better , by a lot . 
  the problem , of course , was a corruption issue : greece was never eligible to join the eu in the first place . 
  we 're fixing a past mistake by kicking them out , and it 's charity alone that we 're offering them a chance to stay . 
  as far as the european integration project , that was set back the moment the 2008/9 wall street crash happened and everyone started blaming `` those immigrants from the new eu member states '' , leading to the rise of `` eurosceptic '' anti-immigrationist parties across europe . 
   we did n't bother with this austerity hogwash . 
  you never really had any public spending on welfare to begin with , though , did you ? 
  i may disagree with the effectiveness of austerity , but to any european , your country is a state which was always in constant austerity measures . 
   america has a lot of problems , but you lot are way worse off . 
  you 're going to spend decades figuring out the ramifications of importing so many arabs ( among whom there is too significant a radical minority , and in general are poorly integrating ) . 
  this is laughable coming from a country who imports 19.8 % of the world 's immigrants ( compared to second place russia , at 4.8 % ) . 
  by all means , there 's nothing wrong with immigration , but there is something very ironic about the world 's biggest importer of immigrants making the xenophobic argument . 
  if i was a racist , i could just as easily say `` the reason you have so many problems is because of african americans/mexicans ! '' . 
  thing is , i 'm not a racist . 
   also , the kind of blatant characterization of america as an ultranationalist police state is just the kind of ignorant crap i 'd expect from one who had never been there or researches the issue more deeply than reading gawker articles . 
  nasty issues like the strength of the republican party , incarceration rates , are already deeply into positive trends . 
  the worst of the nation 's poverty issues will also positively trend over the next few decades as the republicans weaken . 
  i guess the only answer i can give is `` i 'll believe that when i see it '' . 
  given your anti-arab beliefs , it seems that the republicans will always have a platform . 
  at the moment , looking at the here and now , the only thing america really has is the money they stole from the old world . 
  other than that , america is a failure . 
  the same criticisms can be levelled at it as are at china , or zimbabwe - `` it 's got a select few rich people , but the rest are in poverty '' . 
   one of the things you europeans mess up most badly is your focus on income inequality as a singular evil . 
  america is and will continue to be the only country in the world ( with to a lesser extent israel ) where a single person with an idea can * really * strike it big . 
  america 's utter dominance in scientific progress reflects this . 
  i live in denmark currently , and i can * really * see the extent to which the country sabatoges itself with equality policies and attitudes run rampant . 
  really ? 
  have you tried measuring so-called `` scientific progress '' on a per capita basis ? 
  after all , you 're attributing `` scientific success '' solely to a large population by studying its nominal figure . 
  analogy , i know , but for the academic field i 'm currently studying , it 's rare i ever see an american name . 
  mostly , french , german or british . 
   you europeans could n't even handle bosnia , russia , or heck , even fifa on your own . 
  remember that . 
  if your claim is `` we have a bigger military than you !, 
  '' , i 'll take your claim that we 're not a continent of warmongers as a compliment . 
  as for fifa , it 's worth noting that many of us simply do n't care . 
  sepp blatter was based in switzerland , but none of us ( on a state level , anyway ) cared nearly enough to do anything more than complain . 
  that your country intervened , the same as it does everywhere ( normally screwing everything over in the process ) , is hardly something to be proud of . 
  it 's just your country playing `` lawmaker '' again . 
   imagine if your fucking debts were n't cancelled . 
  and may we ask who imposed those `` debts '' on germany ? 
  the treaty of versailles was imposed on germany by the winners of ww1 for the purpose of ensuring the country never became as powerful as it once was , and that it would be economically crippled . 
  thus , germany was charged with the rebuilding of * all * affected countries and compensation , rather than just their own . 
  the dawes plan and young plan was designed by america solely for the purpose of enforcing this unjust agreement once it was realised it was unaffordable for germany . 
  this aid was rescinded following the wall street crash of 1929 , leading to hyperinflation in germany , who were in a state where they had no economic means to pay back either the ww1 debts imposed on them or the american debts . 
  that , of course , directly led to the rise of hitler within the german political sphere , who took over the weak german democracy that was imposed upon them ( parallels to some modern day countries here ) , taken over through a loophole involving the position of chancellor , who then went on to take over almost all of europe ( being , of course , the country in europe with one of the highest manpower , desperate and vengeful for their mistreatment and forceful division of their country , and still well-developed ) before foolishly attacking the soviets in winter rather than trying to take on the rest of europe first . 
  to say that you helped make the country successful is a bit far considering all that was really done post-ww2 was fix a mistake that was made the first time - a `` fix '' which , undoubtedly , you only made because you felt threatened about the consequences of not doing so , especially seeing the consequences firsthand the first time . 
  the marshall plan in itself was given with a degree of favouritism , with the uk receiving over double the amount of funding than west germany . 
  as we all know - like pirates - your role in both world wars consisted simply of waiting to the end , then swooping in to claim the victory and the loot . 
  in the second world war , the only reason you did this , of course ( beyond the bombing of pearl harbour and germany declaring war on you , which was easy enough to ignore ) , was because the german defeat by the soviets led the soviets en-route to legitimately capturing all of europe , which you saw as a threat . 
  thus , the end of ww2 bled into the start of the cold war . 
  maybe you should start with sorting out your own internal affairs first . 
  given how much of an unequal , crime-ridden slum of a country that america is , with politically-radical christian fundamentalists long being the second largest political force in the only western country that still places superstition over rationality , i do n't think your country 's in any place to be dictating over the policies of others . 
  in itself , your country is so divided , i think it should be the one who needs administrative aid . 
  especially since i hear that your people - legitimate citizens - are actually * scared * of your law-enforcers ; it looks like you need any intervention you can get to get you out of this tyrannical , brainwashing ( with ultra-nationalism ) regime . 
  you 're a country whose people are clearly suffering from severe stockholm syndrome - a `` land of the free '' in the same way that north korea is a `` democratic republic '' , given your high incarceration rate ( and that 's ignoring all the people shot dead by police ) among other issues of freedom . 
  and , no , this is an issue that has been around far longer than `` obama '' . 
  it 's not a conspiracy if it 's true . 
  have you not heard of mackinder 's heartland theory ? 
  apparently , if the west invades russia , they will rule the world . 
   the entire world wants to come to the prosperous western , white majority countries . 
  if there was `` freedom of movement '' these countries would all get flooded . 
  replace a few words here and their with `` the poor '' , or `` women '' , and things like voting or freedom of speech - other liberties - and you get historical arguments that are already very familiar to us . 
  did you know that making the vote universal would lead to the destruction of politics as we know it , and the decline of the nation ? 
  that these people would abuse the vote , choosing candidates that would lead the country to ruin , not knowing what they 're voting for ? 
  i 'm sure i 've already made a comparison in the past to the idea of , when people complain of romanians flooding to the uk because of wealth differences , that it 's akin to the idea that every british person will flee to luxembourg because these countries share a similar multiplier difference in terms of gdp per capita and/or average wage etc.
