and the plot of black flags becomes semi true . 
  i hear you , like many i feel the same way . 
  being out spoken about a religion does n't equal to racism but unfortunately here in the uk they passed the racial and religious act 2006 which basically say 's that if you critise a religion of it 's morals or anything then you are breaking the law etc. 
  but it 's only going to get worse . 
  i 'm fed up of saying `` fucking told you so '' . 
  yeah here in the uk everyone uses anti-bacterial everything for cleaning and to wash their hands . 
  also , the problem is there are a lot of livestock farmers in the world that pumps animals with anti-biotics . 
  like they stick it in their food and water so they are eating and drinking it 24/7 but they are not just using some normal everyday anti-biotic no they are using our last resort . 
  `` while there has been a `` general decline '' in christianity , there has been a rise in islam , hinduism and sikhism . 
  the report , by the cambridge-based woolf institute , suggests britain 's public institutions should be changed to reflect that '' . 
  before anyone says `` welcome to a true secular nation '' . 
  that is n't the case , they are suggesting to take down christianity from it 's chairs in the government and give it to islam , hinduism and sikhism . 
  of all the articles i 've read , they 've hinted in that they want islam to replace christianity in the government . 
  if you stay in london for an hour you 'll more or less have the effects of asthma . 
  a religion is a mass belief in something , you can have beliefs and superstitions without being proscribed to an organised religion . 
  so do i but i have n't seen snow in 3 years :(, 
  in the uk they are not in the uk halal is done the middle eastern way . 
  the animal is fully aware and awake of it 's ordeal . 
  the gov website even says that the animal is not stunned and says that the throat is slit . 
  in the uk there was 2 cases similar to this . 
  a mosque was set on fire , found out the imam did it so everyone would blame white people , and another mosque had graffiti all over it , yet the mosque blamed white people . 
  in the first case , it was an insurance job because the imam wanted a bigger mosque and the 2nd one did it themselves just to literally blame white people and to get money out of the government for it . 
  it 's like during late august with the migrant crisis , where the migrants would grab their children hit them and shove them in the cameras of media to say `` look what they did '' , and a few times they grabbed women pepper sprayed them and say `` look what the police are doing '' . 
  it works out at about # 150 per person , but i 'm not sure how far 30,000 kr goes in iceland . 
  but i think it 's the act that is more important than the money . 
  iceland puts the bankers in prison for creating financial chaos while elsewhere in the world they are rewarded for it . 
  fusion bomb , cleaner than the standard fission bomb . 
  as a brit ... as i read this my brain just went to shakespeare as the default voice , not sure how i feel about it ... 
  the problem with the prisons is that they throw terrorists in with the civilians , here in the uk if you are thrown in prison you 'll be forced to pay non-believer tax to the muslims because those inmates pretty much control the entire prison , and the guards etc does nothing , so more and more people convert , and who are the people to help them convert ? 
  the people who were thrown in for trying to blow shit up . 
  france wo n't do a thing about the `` jungle '' because they all want to go to the uk . 
  some of the drivers i know have started diverting to the netherlands instead and completely skipping out on going to calais . 
  yeah is n't that the truth . 
  where my mum lives , it hit the news when a iraq and afghan vet got fed up with the non-existent police , so he decided to take the law into his own hands with more or less full support of the people , to the point that it is now considered a privatised police force . 
  yeah it 's stupid . 
  if the driver finds out people have opened their trailer and stowed themselves on board even if he rings up the boarder saying what is happening the driver is still in the shit . 
  you should come to the uk and try and explain that one . 
  the tories won and roughly only a 3rd of the people that voted , voted for them ... 
  english bagpipes - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_bagpipes concertina , although it was developed in germany as well they had nothing to do with each other . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/concertina crowdy-crawn - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crowdy-crawn fiddle - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fiddle tin whistle - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tin_whistle it was invented and made in england but was popular in ireland . 
  i 'm surprised non of the french said recorder yet . 
  as media gets taken over by his party it 's only going to get worse . 
  people wo n't know any different besides those who use the internet extensively . 
  there is information circulating that the us uk france and israel actually caused the war by helping the rebels before it was a war all because assad did n't want a qatari oil pipeline that the states have invested in . 
  yeah i agree . 
  slightly off topic . 
  the syrian refugees who came to bradford we 're absolutely surprised that the pakistanis we 're not integrated and they we 're surprised at the amount of burkas and nijabs . 
  maybe we do have a serious problem if refugees and former refugees are saying that their host country is turning to an islamic shithole the same kind of shithole destroyed their country . 
  yes turkey has the right to defend its airspace like every other country , but turkey violates greece airspace regularly as well . 
  and the only membership they share is nato . 
  but the turkish turkmen rebels should not of shot the pilot who was parachuting down that is utterly disgraceful , before anyone says but they are rebels they we 're trained by turkish special forces so they understand rules of engagement . 
  heck even the nazis never shot a parachuting pilot regardless what flag they fly for . 
  someone needs to tell turkey that not all kurds are pkk members . 
  the us led coalition have been helping al nusra , it 's slipped out in a few articles as well . 
  turkey sent up a f16 after it , it was shot down from 19 thousand feet . 
  it 's treason to be a member of the enemy of the state . 
  where abouts in the se england ? 
  i 'm in east anglia and it 's been cold and windy . 
  got me thinking about buying a fucking balaclava, 
  there was a documentary about energy plants in the uk . 
  it was focused on sse . 
  the uk has loads of wind we are a very windy country but the problem is that for any decent energy generation it has to be off shore due to space . 
  when it 's windy you ca n't get the boats out for maintance so sse sends helicopters out instead . 
  they said that 45 % of the time they can not get anyone to the turbines . 
  but the problem is that it only generates about 12-20 % of our power . 
  but because our energy is private and not government owned they wo n't run the plants constantly . 
  they said it 's like someone taking a drive down the motorway wo n't put much pressure on the machine but i 'd you rag it around like a boy racer you are constantly repairing . 
  in other words having our power in the hands of capitalists is a very bad idea that happened because we had a surplus in 1991 but now we are barely above the read once the coal plants go offline next year we'all be getting blackouts again like in the 50s, 
  i agree . 
  but the eu is losing out on about 10 trillion in taxes some companies are barely paying a grand a year in tax . 
  the problem is that the government allow the loop holes that they stuck in for the companies that donate to the government to use but then they all use it . 
  in the uk i ca n't find these non uk and us shows . 
  is there anyway i can watch european shows online with at least english subtitles ? 
  i have to note that a coal burning power plant is closing down , it is currently running on one turbine , in 2016 coal burning stations will be shut down . 
  pulling the plug on renewables is stupid , we are going to start having blackouts again . 
  yeah , when i hear that many of these terrorists went to certain mosques and nothing happened . 
  also you have the problem that if someone converts to islam , all they are going to hear from these mosques is wahhabi islam . 
  well it seems me and the romanians would get along :d, 
  companies like amazon literally pay under a grand in taxes a year . 
  and the government spends more and more every year and the government blames the citizens instead of their capitalist donors . 
  an isis fighter on tumblr said the same thing , that western fighters are kept out the way just in case they die . 
  you should see al nusra and isis combat footage they spray and pray . 
  arms in the air , rifle on it 's side without looking . 
  i bet they go through a lot of ammo . 
  but unfortunately when isis flee from areas they leave a lot of ied 's with some suicide bombers and a sniper , which stops the peshmerga in their tracks for a few hours at a time . 
  the way i was told in school that anything east of germany is eastern europe , the balkan 's countries are literally just called the balkan 's . 
  germany and italy is central europe , and anything west of germany is western europe . 
  yeah it 's messed up , i 'd love to just drop this , but everyone still goes by this unfortunately . 
  and she was a head of the competition . 
  it 's pretty sickening to be honest , it 's suppose to be a safe place where you can be who the fuck you want to be , if you want to leave a religion then so be it . 
  reading this i 've realised the uk has no cultural food besides crumpets and the odd roast dinner . 
  breaklfast - cereal ( low in sugar variety aka the rice crispies from aldi ) with soy milk ( because low in sugar ) with a dutch variety of instant coffee . 
  lunch - culturally a sandwich with a packet of crisps , a penguin bar and a bottle of robinsons juice for away from home or if you are still at home it 's the same but it 's doubled and the robinsons is replaced with a coffee . 
  if you are feeling posh then it 's pork pies from icelands . 
  dinner - anything from sausages and chips to gammon and chips to a roast dinner , or on the off chance a really greasy kebab because the turks here stick grease on everything , or a really mild curry from the indian . 
  if you are in the 1 % of the population that can handle something hotter than a cucumber then a vindaloo . 
  to be honest if i could i 'd eat 300g of kebab at lunch as well and for dinner . 
  i have no idea who i will be voting for , wo n't vote for the tories , and neither will i vote for labour i might as well smear my ballot paper in shit from now on . 
  yeah i agree the british left is absolutely brain dead , they would do anything so they wo n't appear near the centre . 
  but the right is n't much better , the right wo n't do anything to stop what / u/rollerboogie said , the right would instead take away everyone 's rights , but the problem remains .
