  sure the f-35 could be ok for running bombing runs under enemy radar and making a getaway but you do n't want one of those things as an interceptor ever , it even looks fat and slow . 
  not my words but from war is boring : https://medium.com/war-is-boring/test-pilot-admits-the-f-35-can-t-dogfight-cdb9d11a875, 
   i mean , plans are in place to get ourselves some new fighter aircraft . . at some point ... 
  eventually . 
  please do n't say f35 , at some point europe needs to realize that plane is a joke and build something on par with the russian pak-fa . 
  the f-35 can not fight nor maneuver and is only useful for stealth bombing an inferior enemy, 
  you took my comment too literally but what i essential mant was invest the money it costs to house and integrate one refugee into a german family who ca n't afford a child but would want one . 
  free kindergarten better child benefit free daycare . 
  make having a child not ruing your work life and career and you would find lots more people having kids . 
  right now the policy 's of migration and replacing germans with foreigners will just have the opposite effect as germans who work and pay taxes will just have to pay more taxes as the social systems of the country come under more strain trying to integrate people who in my opinion do n't want to integrate anyway, 
  maybe if you did n't spend billions babysitting migrants you could put $ 10k for every german child born and fix the problem that way . 
  well we better get funding studies then . 
  here is pew research data that shows how * different * the value systems of muslim 's are  based on answers given by respondents statistically representing the views of 1156 million muslims across 38 countries , pew surveys show that 69 % , or 802 million people , are in favor of sharia as the law of the land . 
  so they do n't respect our law or think it 's correct ... great , just great . 
   pew indicates that 40 % of the roughly 1124 million muslims in the countries the question was asked support the execution of anyone who commits apostasy by abandoning faith in islam . 
  do n't see many non mulsim europeans calling for death for leaving a religion do you ? 
   in the case of adultery , the applicable percentage is 52 % , or the equivalent of roughly 581 million people , who favor execution as the punishment . 
  speaks for itself  asked about corporal punishments , like the amputation of hands for crimes such as theft , statistics drawn from the data suggest that 51 % , or 570 of 1124 million muslims , are in favor . 
  needless to say , all three of these statistics are immensely concerning . 
  so you do n't ask yourself `` why are these people so quick to jump to violence as a solution '' well i believe i just gave you the answer but go ahead and stick your head in the sand and blame social and economic standing , i could use a good laugh http://www.atheoryofus.net/islam-statistics, 
  you are just talking about crime , i 'm talking about vicious attacks particularly on authority figures like police and members of the armed forces . 
  it also does n't tackle the fact , even if true we should maybe reconsider taking people who are obviously more prone to violence into our country in the first place, 
  next up skeoda , of course those of us with an ounce of common sense knew this would be across all vag engines and shorted the stocks of these companies for free money over a week ago . 
   the reasons they commit crimes are because they are on average less educated and less wealthy than the finns . 
  i 've never heard of `` being poor and uneducated '' as a excuse for stabbing someone but even if it is like you say it 's solid basis for not letting obviously dangerous people into our otherwise peaceful society, 
   because what you 're saying is pretty far from `` pc '' . 
  wee uhhh , ewww uhhh just kidding nobody should be afraid of some imaginary pc police , the worst thing people can do is keep their feelings inside for fear of offending as repression of feeling only leads to outbursts . 
  if you say something stupid , fine . 
  others will call you on it . 
  relevant pew research poll taken that represents over one billion of the world 1.7 billion muslims . 
   delving deeper into the moral views of both sharia and non-sharia supporters , research by pew indicates that 40 % of the roughly 1124 million muslims in the countries the question was asked support the execution of anyone who commits apostasy by abandoning faith in islam . 
  this translates into just over 454 million people who hold this view . 
  *  in the case of adultery , the applicable percentage is 52 % , or the equivalent of roughly 581 million people , who favor execution as the punishment . 
  if people in my country stabbed people at a rate of 20 per every few thousand we would have a very big problem in society . 
  when are people going to wake up and admit these migrants and muslim ones in particular commit these acts at a higher rate than the background population ? 
   besides , with local flexibility being what it is , i 'm sure that , if it were needed , a catastrophic injury can be attested to by a local vet in exchange for a completely voluntary and unrelated cut of the pig in question . 
  i can imagine no tastier form of bribery and if anyone asks well you ate the evidence, 
  the last part was a joke and a dumb example how we are genetically different but i guess i should have been more specific, 
  thats awesome and yes i believe it works the same way for us as your old rules you have to be registered with the govnerment to keep a farm animal like a pig , the pig must be registered and if and when it dies that death needs to be certified so it ca n't just go * missing * one day . 
  aka : a bunch of bureaucratic bullshit, 
  oh look it 's the guy who defends the private debt based money creation over sovereign money and now ttip , why am i not surprised . 
  this is what putin said anyway and i agree , it 's totally going around existing framework and convention https://youtu.be/q13yzl6k6w0?t=18m48s, 
   there might even be one , already . 
  it would not get noticed . 
  hmm , if you have a pig do n't you have to register it with the govnerment ? 
  afaik here you ca n't have a farm animal and then it simply * disappears * one day and when it does you need to have it removed and certified one way or another . 
  maybe people just ignore it there and i hope they do . 
  it 's all just a ploy to help big agriculture . 
  we had a pig when i was seven or eight , i used to even ride it around the place and it had a hell of a good life , it was hard at that age to deal with the fact we were going to eat it but as my dad explained `` the only reason we have him is so we can eat him later , otherwise he would n't even be born '' i really hate factory farming and just ca n't figure out how like you say people do n't see the difference between an animals life and its last few moments . 
  well if you want less pretty maps with just data and graphs read this . 
  it supports exactly the same thesis as do all the other sources i provided you , maybe you just ca n't figure it out :p http://theunsilencedscience.blogspot.fi/2012/04/racial-amplitudes-of-scholastic.html, 
  are you unable to read my other reply for whatever reason , also , google , it 's a thing . 
  `` differences in iq race '' there is any number of papers on the topic supporting my view if you need multiple sources . 
  i agree 100 % , i have no problem with multiple ethnicity 's but they need to adapt to our culture . 
  music and food seem to be the only things people can agree on where multiple types of everything is good . 
  thanks for proving my point , we bring in people with low iq to our countries , they are more likely to still have children with low iq despite going through the same school system as other kids becasue of the parents low iq . 
  just look at how sweden 's iq scores have been dropping if you do n't believe me . 
  you really just want to ignore and ignore this do n't you . 
  to answer your previous question , australia is low as it refers to native australians , same goes for the americas, 
   i asked for the citation for the map you posted i believe it 's just a visualization of already published data . 
  ** national intelligence and the emperor 's new clothes . 
  ** by barnett , susan m. ; williams , wendy psyccritiques , vol 49 ( 4 ) , aug 2004 , 389-396 . 
   abstract  originally published in contemporary psychology : apa review of books , 2004 , vol 49 ( 4 ) , 389-396 . 
  reviews the book by lynn and vanhanen ( see record 2002-02309-000 ) , which discusses the relationship between national iq and national income for a sample of 81 countries , which is later extended to the group of all significant-sized nations in the world . 
  among this book 's strengths are that it argues for a point of view unpopular within the scientific community , it relies on hard data to make its points , its organization and clarity . 
  also , the book is expansive in its thinking and argumentation . 
  all of these strengths considered , however , we believe that the arguments advanced in the book are flawed by an omnipresent logical fallacy and confusion of correlation with causation that undermines the foundation of the book . 
  ( psycinfo database record ( c ) 2012 apa , all rights reserved ) this is also a good paper and free to read discussing sub saharan africa and low iq http://www.iapsych.com/iqmr/fe/linkeddocuments/wicherts2010b.pdf, 
  go read some science journals there is no shortage of sources backing up my claim . 
  even if you want to take genetics out it , there is 100 % scientific consensus that children of parents with high iq will more likely have high iq children and the opposite is true for those with low iq . 
  so if the average iq of the middle east is 85 it 's safe to assume a child raised by that person will have a lower than average iq becasue of the influence of the parent on the child 's development . 
  so yea that may even help your argument about race and iq in the usa but there is no doubt iq is hereditary . 
  there is a decent body of evidence  researchers have conducted many studies to look for genes that influence intelligence . 
  many of these studies have focused on similarities and differences in iq within families , particularly looking at adopted children and twins . 
  ** these studies suggest that genetic factors underlie about 50 percent of the difference in intelligence among individuals . 
  ** other studies have examined variations across the entire genomes of many people ( an approach called genome-wide association studies or gwas ) to determine whether any specific areas of the genome are associated with iq . 
  these studies have not conclusively identified any genes that underlie differences in intelligence . 
  it is likely that a large number of genes are involved , each of which makes only a small contribution to a person 's intelligence . 
  http://ghr.nlm.nih.gov/handbook/traits/intelligence even if it was n't genetic it does n't matter , all research shows parents with high iq are more likely to have smart children , so if we take people with an average iq of 85 into europe and give them a first world education the kids will still suffer becasue they are still also learning from a parent with a low iq, 
  sorry but iq differences are still observed across different races in the usa and most agree iq is a combination of nature and nurture . 
   if you sailed through school with high grades and perfect test scores , you probably did it with traits beyond sheer smarts . 
  a new study of more than 6000 pairs of twins finds that academic achievement is influenced by genes affecting motivation , personality , confidence , and dozens of other traits , in addition to those that shape intelligence . 
  the results may lead to new ways to improve childhood education . 
  http://news.sciencemag.org/biology/2014/10/genes-dont-just-influence-your-iq-they-determine-how-well-you-do-school the principal theory is survival in europe was much harder , us nordics could n't just pick the fruits of the land as we wanted , we had to plan , store seed , survive winter , cooperate with neighbors and so on . 
  same goes for alcohol tolerance , we slowly filtered through genes via natural selection that allowed us to tolerate alcohol ( so we did n't die from dirty water ) but not be premeditated to become alcoholics . 
  those who were alcoholic or had family history of it dies off or did n't breed . 
  you only have to look at how there is such a higher incidence of alcoholism in native americans to caucasians to see how they never developed that ability to not get addicted so easily . 
  when you look at all the shit europe has been through down the centuries it 's obvious there was a lot of death and natural selection involved eve down to the fact the smarter nobility could afford to live outside cities during plague times, 
   seems cruel and inhumane to me . 
  pigs are sensitive , intelligent , and make for great pets . 
  yea totally more cruel than raising them from birth to death in a cage that does n't even let them move . 
  / s at least that pig probably had a great life od eating table scraps and generally pigging out for most of it 's existence until one bad day . 
  man they are way too slow to kill that pig in the second video , i 'm all for raising animals with decency and i 'd have no problem killing my own pig since it 's better than putting a smart animal like them through life in a danish cage but did they really need to put it the stress of having a bunch of strangers tie it 's legs one by one and haul it up on a table while some guy plays with it 's butthole ? 
  when i was a kid animals were so perceptive they would even get stressed out by the presence of strangers on our farm and stressed meat is not tasty meat . 
  fyi , when we killed pigs they got a swift blow to the back of the head to knock them out , then hauled up on a pulley by the back legs and throat cut . 
  and thanks to more eu bullshit it 's pretty much illegal now . 
  [ this would be a start , ] ( http://static1.squarespace.com/static/51528ac3e4b0e9fad0b601d1/t/54b1be5de4b093f4d297200e/1420934753211/world+iq+map ) and yes it is a proven fact . 
  they could also work on developing better lactose tolerance edit : wow looks like downvoters above me do n't like facts and science detailed below, 
  even putin spoke out against ttip and ttp today saying they bypass the wto . 
  based on the modmail leaks in the other europe sub it does n't seem like that happens very often though,
