  i said many rabbi 's are pedophile rapists and got called all sorts for it even though it 's pretty much true since the suck the dick of a baby of they chop half it 's dick off https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlcxvgv4fyi, 
  from sources i 've seen productivity is increasing worldwide while real wages are declining and this has been a trend that has been ongoing for over 20 years now, 
   change the fiscal policy and reduce labour costs in other words race to the bottom economics , you can take that shit and your refugees elsewhere, 
   the bureaucracy involved really needs to be reduced and refugees need to be able to get a job asap eh you do know there are no jobs here right now and we have double digit unemployment . 
  maybe they should have wished to the jobs fairy instead of paying smugglers for crazy promises, 
  i think thats a pretty astute analysis you got there . 
  i think it 's also pretty hard to defend people who constantly fuck up and the refugees have not been painting the best statistics regarding crime , sexual abuse and unemployment . 
  just like i was neutral to pro russia at the start of the ukrainian thing which to me looked like typical western coup like they did in venezuela it became pretty hard to support that narrative when russia was getting directly involved but denying it and shooting at planes . 
  same will happen when the new arrivals get restless , realize europe is n't norway and start misbehaving themselves, 
  why not , is n't that the point of secret society 's and such to make you do fucked up shit with a veil of `` nobody tells if you do n't '' then when they put you in power you ca n't step out of line or the pig fucker story becomes public . 
  look at the amount of us politicians that have been in skull and bones where it 's reported they do some pretty fucked up shit . 
  if you want to join a cult go join scientology with is marginally still less of a cult than islam, 
  50 % attractive females ... not bad, 
   you mean the guy who is responsible for the mass murder of hundreds of thousands of kurds us sanctions on iraq led to the deaths of near one million children and babies . 
  stop pretending like there is some good vs evil thing here . 
  the stuff the west supports is just as bad, 
   and using chemical weapons on them . 
  that was a turkish false flag so not true and if anything only makes assad 's case more credible , come on get with the story, 
  well that and the autism associated with being such an anti social single minded creature, 
  from what i see here and i believe there were polls taken among the refugees themselves most like him and think he is the best option to end the war . 
  seems more efficient than germans spending ten billion on less than a million . 
  you pc bra ? 
   people are scared to stand up to the pc ` bullies ' oh man , i 've been laughing my ass off at last nights new episode of south park all day . 
  it was so on point it was redicilous ,, 
  wow , is that a dacia logan : http://i.imgur.com/kno8hld.jpg so authentic, 
  because watching a protest or demonstration live is only half the truth ? 
  a source is a source and if it 's being presented without comment and live it 's as good a source as any . 
  thank fuck for hungary, 
  oh wow another appeal to emoting from the media . 
  i 'm putting this as one step above outright propaganda when it comes to manipulation of the human psyche and media bias, 
  now that you mention it i mostly sue rt for live feeds of events like the barcelona independence march which western media does n't like to give attention to, 
   i just watched this video ( bbc ) here and felt highly annoyed when the reporter got grabbed and dragged towards the baby that got hit by the teargas ( happens at around 0:40 seconds ) . 
  shows child that got some teargas , [ does n't show parents dragging their crying screaming children to the police line hoping they will spray them in tear gas and get a good picture . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/zoqv1ymbzya?t=1h42m37s ) i 'm done with the bbc, 
  there is no truth in the media only different viewpoints , if you want to understand russia 's viewpoint on an issue concerning the us then you watch rt. 
  understanding a viewpoint does n't mean you have to agree with it . 
  sorry but since the bbc sold out with scotland referendum and now the migrant issue i have nobody i trust except a handfull of individual journalists i have learned to respect over the years, 
   because journalistic standards and independence from direct government intervention . 
  bbc has those yea right, 
  can you plz source , i seen that pic too but cant find it via google now, 
   except they 're quoting an actual report form the american government . 
  link to the actual report in that case . 
  i hate to say it but there are better sources than that . 
  you 're not wrong just you could have backed it up better and i ca n't find sources now either . 
  how about you start telling the truth about the refugee situation and i wo n't need to watch rt to see the other perspective . 
  right now the shittyness of western media forces me to watch rt , bbc and al jazeera so i can figure out for myself where the truth most likely lies, 
  can we kickstarter this ? 
  i 'll seriously give $ 10 , i mean were n't people pledging near a billion to greece , it sure would be a great way to show solidarity anyway and twist the media narrative . 
   could you please point me to the duplicate submission ? 
  could you please point me to the duplicate submission ? 
  sorry to repost, 
  would n't be quite the same going to bed in london and waking up in liverpool alright, 
  could you please point me to the duplicate submission ? 
  can confirm , used to work in luxembourg and i woke up in amsterdam way too often instead of just going home at 4/5am it only takes one buddy sober enough to buy the tickets and next thing you pass out on a train and come out of it somewhere else . 
  definitely hot enough for a teenager to have to excuse themselves from class to go ... . bathroom, 
  i have seriously never felt more estonian in my life . 
  thank you based eastern europe !, 
  i think we all know what a true islamic state looks like right now and it 's not looking pretty . 
  wow thats interesting , thanks for the link . 
  for once i 'd love to see what syrian refugees think should happen ? 
  with near one million in germany i 'm sure a poll would n't be that hard to organize, 
   the syrian network for human rights yea thats run by one guy who lives in britain and gets a phone call now and again from `` some people '' in other words bullshit and only made for click-bait press like business insider, 
   `` sunni iran '' wtf , does n't even make sense , you mean sunni syria ? 
  how about we just split the country along current lines , kurds in the north , shia alawites where assad currently holds and a new state for the `` rebels '' in the east . 
  everyone is happy then and i think it 's even better than the fucked up `` divide and conquer '' lines the british drew up originally that set multiple ethic groups in one nation . 
  send them to liberland then nobody can claim them . 
   i 'm sure this thread will be civil it 's not doing to bad so far is you ask me, 
  ... with the food they throw away . 
  still more accurate than the americans map, 
  is this really the best thing the german pr department could come out with ? 
  lame and you can still keep your immigrants . 
  in a way we already have it ( just with a lot more bureaucracy surrounding it ) so yea i think it 's a great thing and think it would actually encourage some welfare queens to work as they have no incentive not to anymore . 
   european dairy products -- i do n't get this . 
  what 's the beef here ? 
  you remember `` freedom fries '' after the french would n't get on board with your post 9/11 fuck the world up manic period . 
  it 's that . 
   hambaconandeggs common dreams man they are everywhere , what the hell, 
   those men have to be punished i think you mean `` those rapists '' it 's not likely you are desperate enough to rape someone in an asylum home and then say to yourself `` right that 's the raping knocked off my bucket list , maybe i 'll try a buttplug tomorrow '', 
  my reading of it is dead child is the `` price '' of 1 ( dead ) the rest can now eat for free becasue it collectivity guiled europe into taking them . 
  but i do sometimes miss things , i guess it 's in the eye of the beholder . 
   the lower portion is solid masonry with a single door raised two to three metres above , often accessible only by a ladder . 
  the main reason for the entrance-way being built above ground level was to maintain the structural integrity of the building . 
  i was sure this would be to stop raiders , vikings and shit . 
  you run inside your tower and throw stones and things from the top ? 
  well it just sounds like you have your own agenda against that sub now . 
  yea just becasue the ship was registered in bolivia does n't mean it 's connected to the state . 
  also you lied regarding the `` ministry '' bit  the coast guard declined to comment on the ownership of the vessel , but according to online ship registry equasis , the 1,400-dwt haddad 1 is managed by piraeus , greece-based ims hellenic and its registered owner is haddad shipping co. 
  sure so i was to then just go out and buy some reddit upvotes like i can here ( http://www.buyredditvotes.us/buy-reddit-votes ) then that would prove / r/conspiracy was a racist sub right ? 
  someone who clearly has an agenda , is willing to do such underhand `` experiments '' and lacking any sort of life should be mod of nothing as this goldstein guy goes to prove . 
  funny how it 's always the ones posting in the meta subs like r/panichistory / r/conspiratard and srs that turn out to be the real racist brigaders in the end, 
  i guess i just find it ironic since the guy fits the bill perfectly all by him/herself, 
   russia today the last ad hominem of a defeated argument, 
  nope jewish israeli  israeli-born businessman ilan shor suspected in alleged embezzlement of $ 1 billion that nearly crashed three local banks http://www.timesofisrael.com/missing-moldova-fortune-raises-fears-of-anti-semitic-attacks/, 
  yea , well thats simply not true . 
  finnish karelia and russian karelia are separate places and all of karelia was ever finnish, 
   on april 9 , bornstein woke up to a furious global reaction to an overnight post in his name which called for the `` swift and merciless extermination '' of palestinians . 
   feminist naomi wolf labelled him `` deranged '' , `` genocidal '' and `` psychotic '' . 
  realising it had been duped , the times took down the post , then printed a retraction and apologised . 
  bornstein went public , saying he 'd been hoaxed . 
  he blamed white supremacists , having traced online chatter about the hoax back to an american neo-nazi blog .
