we also need to keep our head out of the cloud of idealism and our feet firmly on the ground . 
  who is the replacement for saudi arabia ? 
  oh my god is it not obvious , the cold war is over and the answer is clearly russia . 
  add to the the fact the biggest concern the usa has in the entire world is n't the middle east but a russian-european energy alliance and you have all the cards you need to make europe a superpower and give russia what they always wanted which is to get one back on the usa . 
  and before anyone says `` hurr durr , russia is evil too '' go and wash your face and take a look at who is not crucifying and beheading teenagers, 
  yea so lets just give random profit making enterprises the right to make currency out of thin air and give them a monopoly on charging interest on what is a national currency in the name of our state . 
  / s i mean if you do n't understand how a sovereign currency ( with restrictions in place to control supply as predetermined rates as i stipulated in my last post ) is potentially better than a ` independently ' issued one i almost have to assume you have some sort of vested interest in the banking system, 
  nationalize and appropriate them . 
  make the state the sole force in charge of money creation and a fixed and unmovable pace of say 2 % to be put where it 's most needed . 
  and the correct answer is . 
  `` i disagree with what you say but i support your right to say it '' unless someone is being directly threatened there is no such thing as illegal speech, 
  well it 's sure not the time to be defeatist about it . 
  it we can muster the anti immigration rage into something maybe even more serious like ttip we can tear the streets apart in protest, 
  if it 's a spy ` swap ' he was n't really rescued but rather his release was negotiated right ? 
  maybe it 's just translation error but i have to point out bias where i see it, 
  lol , in fairness that was a good one . 
   all other options ( building new housing , renting existing flats from private owners/companies ) are not possible so that means there is no other options for her either , essentially she is being thrown out by the german city she paid rent to for who know how long so some syrian with no claim and a fake passport can have a free house . 
  germany is gone full retard, 
  tqaking refugees will hurt us all as well , extending and pretending greece will hurt too . 
  i see no reason to pause he masochism session to deny the people of catalonia their right to self determination, 
  well lets pretend thats what they are actually doing [ becasue otherwise ... . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyu2jad6sdo ), 
  well i support the right of peoples to self determination , i ca n't see why that should be a non universal right just because it 's spain, 
  good , we should keep catalonia in the eu becasue moneyz and use spain as a dumping ground for the migrants outside of eu borders . 
  i joke , i joke ^ ^ sort ^ ^ of, 
  as a finn you summed up my view of the eu better than i could right now . 
  i just wish we could get off this crazy trian, 
   europe has enough problems as it is ,  the need to rethink how the ez works at a fiscal level . 
   introducing further potential destabilisation in the eu at this point , quite frankly to me is irresponsible . 
  seems to me you only care about nationalist eu sentiment and creating some sort of super-state of your own . 
  hypocrite, 
   ultimately we 'll end up with a unified world government . 
  and why the hell would anyone want that ? 
  sounds like global cultural communism to me , innovation comes from different cultures and different people doing things their own different way and getting different results . 
  the idea of everyone being under one system sounds so horribly boring and totalitarian to me i think i 'd rather kill myself . 
  also with scale comes increased bureaucracy and the roman , ottoman and soviet empires along with many more tend to disagree with your assessment that it 's the trend . 
  they can try to mold us into one europe but in the end i 'm pushing for the opposite, 
   im always against any independence movement why would you be against * any * independence movement ? 
  sounds more like a tripadvisor review than someone who is seeking refuge from war, 
  i agree with you entirely , if anything germany showed it was hiding something by not saying anything about the nsa spying and now we know why ... because they all their citizens private data for a freaking piece of software ... much worse in my view . 
  if anything the euro is a german conspiracy to take over europe by economic means instead of military this time but in the 21st century where capital moves through borders easily and nation states are no longer the main owners and controllers of industry you never really know who has the largest stakes, 
  that is true but they clearly have some areas of cooperation in the economic arena , that said given the treatment vw are getting in the us you have to wonder about the nature and health of that relationship sometimes . 
  it 's always good to never let yourself get pulled too far down the conspiracy rabbit hole that you ca n't see sense anymore . 
  no doubt like most relationships strings are pulled and leverage is used when it 's necessary . 
  the nsa spying thing was one example where germany showed zero spine in standing up for itself and you have to wonder why , seems it may be becasue they traded their own citizens info for access to some programs . 
  who does that make more evil , i guess it 's a draw . 
  i guess i 'm just a political nihilist at this stage , i ca n't see any good in any of the so called good guys an of course bad guys too . 
  it will be nafta all over again , benefits for a few and on paper by means of gdp figures , standards for the many will decline and corporate influence will increase and be solidified . 
  that sound bad to me, 
  well i think the eu is a deliberate attempt to undermine the sovereignty of european states and implement a neo liberal agenda that looks more and more like something the us woudl approve of given the levels of corruption . 
  was it an ` american ' conspiracy ? 
  not really but i think they are happy with how it 's developing and they use their influence to steer the eu in directions they would like like the ttip farce for example . 
  germany is quite the us puppet state however . 
   most of the immigrants now arriving have no chance to get their families in . 
  lets hope so otherwise we will be swamped . 
  if this can be put in law fast maybe they will try their luck in ... oh wait they are out of road , maybe we can change a few signs around and fool them into russia where they can enjoy some harsh reality, 
  these days i almost take it as a badge of pride since everything i was called a conspiracy theorist for stating ten years ago has been proven correct and i will be correct about ttip as well . 
  what a strange comment to make , yolo , batman, 
  dont you see he 's `` doctor_realist '' , this man obviously knows what he 's doing / s, 
  well put my friend , well put . 
  i still remember when `` lobbyist '' became a mainstream word . 
  it 's like they are not even trying to hide the bribery and corporate corruption anymore, 
  i do n't blame the average swede of course . 
  if we did it right and wanted to target the correct people to blame we would do what hungary is doing and tell the migrants to state why they feel sweden is not a safe country and if they do n't have an acceptable valid reason we leave them there . 
  soon that message would chain it 's way back to greece where they do n't even want to be anyway so will return home of their own will . 
   i feel like we 're bad neighbors there 's no doubt about it , you are . 
  because germany is being a dick to the whole of europe right now so i want tehir state pension funds to take a hit so they stop thinking they can afford these refugees, 
   i am wondering if their cars will no longer be able to be sold there after this . 
  it it seems they have indeed halted sales  shares fell over 20 percent on monday , after it told u.s. dealers to halt sales of some 2015 diesel cars , http://www.cnbc.com/2015/09/21/volkswagen-stock-drops-20-on-us-diesel-recall-probe.html i suppose you only have to look at how if diesels really have improved as much as the pollution figures claim they have in the past ten years then why would paris have only banned diesels recently ? 
  the worse part of all this is i just realized my dad has been proven 100 % correct and now i need to call him , i called him a nutcase for buying a 2001 diesel vw golf then buying one each of the same model crashed both from the front and rear and proclaiming he 's going to be driving that car for the rest of his life as clean diesel regulation will only mean they have to be made less efficient or run a costly filtering system . 
  he now has pretty much got one good car , and two cars taken apart and stored for parts with one full engine replacement and the knowledge of learning how to take the car apart via cannibalizing the crashed ones and once the car is over thirty years old you get classic car rates on insurance and taxes which make it even cheaper if his plan works out . 
  the article explains in real use the vw diesels were putting out 40 times the stated amount that passed the test that 's what i meant , not that the tests were 40 times more strict . 
  thanks for the exact figures though ,, 
  i 'd be very sure they did , the only way it 's possible to get emissions anywhere near those levels is by burning off the soot in the engine and that lowers the fuel efficiency by 7-10 mpg . 
  many people in the worldnews thread were reporting much lower mpg after cars were brought in for an ecu patch in the past months so it 's possible they already knew about it . 
  either way it now seems there is no such thing as a low emission fuel efficient diesel, 
  forcing the eu to adopt their policy 's time and time again . 
  austerity ... german fucking over greece ... german refugees ... sweden and now germany too . 
  but 40 times stricter ? 
  i know california in particular is very bad but somehow i ca n't see there being that much of a difference, 
  came here to say exactly this , plesently surprised to find it top comment . 
  good job r/europe , i 'm impressed, 
  i really wonder is this a thing that 's industry wide or were only german auto companies making diesel cars that could come out with such low emissions on paper . 
  renault and citroen make some really efficient small diesels . 
  either way i 'm quitting reddit for the day happy that karma exists with germany and their regional pension funds that are heavily invested in vw have all suffered big hits today . 
  i do n't know and i ca n't be bothered digging . 
  i was just following up on op 's sentiment regarding the us . 
  \u00a8 * `` there will hopefully be no lenience when its a non-american company . 
  oh we know very well they are . 
  it 's the same engines they use in the us cars so why would europe be any different . 
  all that might be different is the bribe paid and the fact germoney owns the eu, 
  i understand thats the predicted cap but does n't much of it rely on africa and asia becoming prosperous and having less kids as a result ? 
  with the state of the world economy along with global warming and a global shortage of underground water i 'm not so optimistic developing countries can stop popping out kids, 
  why would you want 11 billion people , as soon as we have 11 billion they will want 22 billion . 
  i 'd rather we just reach a population cap and stay there , plus without petrochemical fertilizers this growth ca n't be sustained so best we limit population now even though it wont be easy and people will die it 's for the best, 
  you can bet your ass every car in europe is failing the same tests and since vag engines are in seat/skeoda and it 's the golf , passat and audi a3 they mention as failing so we will now find out how much power germany and vw have over the eu . 
  i 'd be more angry they let comparible american coorporations away with it, 
  do n't worry we are all finding out they are just really cunning hypocrites this whole time . 
  oops that 's going to make a mark on german tax receipts . 
  better tone down on the old refugees perhaps, 
  eh it 's pretty hard to criticize judaism and not have some idiot call you `` anti semetic '' for it .
