  reminds me of / u/bipolarbear0 who was called out for posting some extremely nazi shit to / r/conspiracy in an attempt to defame the subreddit while also being a mod of such fine upstanding subreddits as / r/itwasthejews / r/zionistscum / r/jews / r/justneckbeardthings sounds like some near jtrig level fuckery and makes me think the guy in the article is n't the only one to try this sort of thing . 
  edit : source  i did n't run a vote brigade . 
  i posted links with incredibly racist titles to / r/conspiracy [ 1 ] in an attempt to see how often they 'd get upvoted - and as it turns out , the vast majority of those links were upvoted very highly by the / r/conspiracy [ 2 ] community . 
  it was in my interest to keep the experiment purely unmanipulated , so as to see exactly how racist / r/conspiracy [ 3 ] was . 
  and as it turns out , the answer is : very . 
  very racist . 
  so in other words he pretended to be some far right nutjob in order to discredit them ? 
   finland got rekt worse than that . 
  so you are saying russia/su got more than half of finland ? 
  russia never outright won a war with 100 % warscore to take the capital, 
  well you know it 's bad when the central bank of central banks is saying we 're fucked, 
   they go after everybody . 
  everyone except jews in fact : http://i.imgur.com/99qn5so.png, 
  yep this is exactly how i feel , between a rock and a hard place . 
  i 'm calling it the slavoj \u017di\u017eek pov now . 
  ^ ^ shame ^ shame shame shame am i doing this right ? 
  i think they are all embarrassed of everyones lease favorite censoring mod . 
   they are in a competition to show how compassionate , tolerant and not racist they are . 
  if you pay attention you will see some of them on this sub , usually they will say stuff like `` i am ashamed of my country '' , but they never will provide a reasonable alternative to what they object to . 
  whats even worse are the ones that apply double standard to anyone they see as * against * them . 
  `` make a anti immigration post , you should literally be doxed and shamed '' is the message i just got here https://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3kjcjy/muslim_radicals_in_germany_are_trying_to_recruit/cuyvjar?context=3 i seriously do n't get it these are the same people who would probably fight for the right to make insulting images of a muslim prophet ( which i actually do n't agree with becasue insulting peoples religion is not the values i believe in ) but make a rape joke or post an image of a hook nosed jew and all of a sudden you should be muzzled becasue free speech only applies when it 's politically correct, 
   and increasingly even finland ( ! ) . 
   concentrate the policy in a few countries , see them fail completely in integration and then ask : why should the rest of europe follow ? 
  woah woah woah , we are not beyond saving yet . 
  and believe me if any country is n't afriad to be non pc when bad shit does happen it 's us . 
  we will have the same allergic reaction the danes just has once we get a little more enrichment, 
  it already is the 51st state , i 'm more and more convinced they have been a german puppet since the defeat of the nazi 's . 
  i mean thats pretty much how war works anyway right . 
  you do n't have to apologizes for sources, 
  wow this sub just went full retard, 
   the kids will be born on the german soil or whatever country they 're going to . 
  consequently the kids will have the eu citizenship . 
  yea you were right we 're fucked, 
  when you * choose * to enter a country illegally then * refuse * to make an asylum application what do you expect . 
  i do n't know where you live but in tampere it 's becoming quite obvious hervanta is becoming a hotspot for immigrants . 
  sure there might be social housing spread out everywhere but there is little to stop an immigrant saying they would prefer to live there . 
   might be fucked would be responding so poorly to the refugees that in 20 years time ideally they wo n't be here in 20 years, 
  i 'm talking about the objective quality of this journalism not casting judgment on individual asylum cases which is not for me to decide . 
  well they left out the trash they left behind and the bus soaked in excrement so forgive me for thinking the most prominent left leading publication in the uk chose their shots . 
  seriously do it . 
  if they reject you you 'll still be a viral news story that will cross the globe , then you just say it was a pr hoax and collect your new job in advertising . 
   a country like britain has some of the best farmland in the world actually i just read yesterday they are now seriously starting to suffer from soil erosion thanks to big fields and modern farming practices . 
  tl , dr if you control most the nodes which relay the messages then technically you could flood a hidden tor site with data packets and through process of elimination figure out where someone is . 
  in another post i left some academic paper on the topic but this covers the basic principle http://null-byte.wonderhowto.com/how-to/use-traffic-analysis-defeat-tor-0149100/, 
  less technical : http://null-byte.wonderhowto.com/how-to/use-traffic-analysis-defeat-tor-0149100/ research paper technical : https://www.blackhat.com/presentations/bh-dc-09/fu/blackhat-dc-09-fu-break-tors-anonymity.pdf in short it 's not easy and you have to control a large part of the nodes relaying messages ( as the us govnerment does ) and even if possible you realistically could only target a few people at any one time, 
  came here to say this , to anyone in the know it 's quite obvious the western security agency 's * can * break tor but with effort . 
  yea if you have no respect for the country you live in and what it 's welfare system is designed to do then of course you can . 
  like i said multiculturalism is not compatible with the welfare state . 
  one or other has to go and if they destroy what we built here then expect many more angry natives . 
   i agree with you , however usa is different . 
  normally , the blacks stay with the blacks , the asians stay with the asians , etc. 
  we live in our own neighborhoods . 
  yea i guess thats multiculturalism in my book . 
  the difference is stateside you have hispanic culture in the states , you have black/african american culture and so on and thats just the way it 's always been . 
  it 's probably true to say people in those different community 's help and look out for their own kind more too and thats cool , the us was a melting pot from the start . 
   is it expected that an somali migrant family live next door to you ? 
  i would hope so and i think it 's to be expected but at the same time i do n't see it working like that so far and thats why i 'm a skeptic . 
  the dominant view in this country is that the welfare system is there for people who need it and it 's not shameful but not desired to live off it unless necessary . 
  somehow i have a feeling these people are just happy to have an easy life and they do n't share any shame in taking it either . 
  hence why i say without full assimilation into a monoculture where we all share the same values this is going to tear apart the state my ancestors built and thats almost a crying shame . 
  while i do n't support i funny understand the rise of the far right . 
  please , no more poverty porn . 
  this is just sickening at this point, 
  my view is that multiculturalism is not compatible with the welfare state . 
  multiple family 's sharing the one budget does n't work at small scale so how can it work at nation state level . 
  for the welfare state to work you need a homogeneous culture and there is no way we can properly integrate this many people at once . 
  this will be the end of europe as we know it and soon we will be just the same as the usa which makes me really sad . 
  as regards immigrants and ethnicity or religion i could n't care less , what i care about is shared values and i do n't believe most of those coming wish to share what we value in society , they just want handouts and to take what they can . 
  oops , finland, 
  haha , so what we learned is that there should be two europe 's not one . 
  at least thats what i took from it as well, 
   overconsumption of gas during cold winter was called `` stealing '' . 
  gas can not be stolen , it 's always inside pipe or in the the dashava underground natural gas storage facility . 
  yea sure thats why an international arbitration court ruled against your gas company and it payed tens if not hundreds of millions in fines, 
  in short southern europeans + the french are too loud , spend too much time not drinking , pretend like they actually enjoy dancing and chat themselves to sleep with food and wine by about 2am ... pussies in general noridcs minus the swedish but plus the dutch , russians and eastern europeans all have much more in common with us , we get drunk , then we talk , then we drink some more , then we get loud , then we fight , wake up the southern europeans who surprisingly have the ability to whisper only when woken . 
  then we drink some more and bitch about them and sleep . 
  it was altogether good , the one thing i really took from it and lasted with me is that bretons do n't like to be called , nor are they in any way french , do n't know why but that really stuck . 
  gaddafi was wise beyond his otherwise flamboyant exterior . 
  maybe a little bit too smart and that 's why he `` had to go \u2122 '', 
  you do n't get to define words despite the cultural marxists like yourself like to think they can , there is a perfectly good social definition of nazi and you know full well how it 's perceived . 
  ironically when i said the people burning down the refugee accommodation were in their view engaging in protest i was told they were terrorists . 
  i wonder where those people are now . 
  i think it was too , he perfectly articulate what living in a liberal democracy means . 
  imagine how redicilous it would sound if scientologists tried to shame people for making fun of their silly religion but make it muslims and everyone needs to be more sensitive all of a sudden ? 
  and a mod of this sub as well no less . 
  i 'll bet the guy just thinks it 's his duty to protect reddit from itself as he starts his own crusade of political correctness, 
  well economics is only a hobby but to change this model would ( from my knowledge ) require we change the global model of debt based financing and privately created money , putting money creating back in the hands of the state and not a central bank . 
  then you run the risk of a corrupt govnerment over printing but to be honest what we have no is corrupt banks over printing for their own ends so that 's not exactly better . 
  the problem is we have handed our sovereignty over to some european banking bureaucracy called the ecb while european countries are unable to agree on the simplest things so how can we ever agree on taking back sovereign control of our money when we ca n't even agree if turkey is a safe country or now for refugees . 
  put it this way , portugal has say 10 billion in debt , the ecb could tomorrow print a 10 trillion euro coin , pay off the debt and then `` the markets '' are not steering the ship anymore . 
  would they do that , no ? 
  could they do it ? 
  yes in short we gave away our sovergenty to europe when we joined the euro when i was too young to realize how much of a mistake that would be , now how do we get it back ? 
  i 'm so sick of this `` the markets will view such an such badly '' there comes a point where countries need to regain their sovereignty and not being dictated to by banks and `` the market '', 
  why ? 
  how hard can it be to file a divorce and split assets compared to any other liberal democracy unless you have stupid american like rules where the wife gets your future earnings too . 
   i also said recently on finnish dubtrack channel that 25-30 yo should not sleep with 13-15yo : ds wat . 
  was this some fb channel or care to share as these people sound very trollable, 
  i completely agree with what you are saying but unfortunately thanks to internationalization of capital it 's pretty much outside of the control of any one nation state . 
  i 'm very much up for that type of social activism and i just wish some of those protesting the pizza taxes would be just as bothered to get out and protest things like ttip .
