  an influx of male refugees from countries that do n't have problems with overwhelming religious conservatism would n't be causing these problems . 
  it 's not penises , it 's islam . 
  it 's not just the right . 
  male disposability is a pretty common sentiment . 
  apparently it was illegal to smile in russia in 1910 . 
  when it 's as overwhelmingly responsive as it is ? 
  i think you are . 
  more to the point , though , that 's not a reason to assume hilary has any sort of lead . 
  if all the indicators we 've got , from polling in iowa and new hampshire that traditionally predicts the primary winner to the response of the people who * did * watch the debate , do n't actually reflect the population , that * still * does n't say anything good for hilary . 
  it 's spin . 
  that 's all it is . 
  media outlets like cnn and slate will continue to repeat their mantra of `` bernie sanders is not a real candidate '' right until he wins the white house . 
  no polls mean anything but arbitrary assertions are totally valid . 
  you do n't know a thing about me fella . 
  could you * be * more presumptuous ? 
  i guess i 'll just ignore all the data because you said to trust you . 
  it 's not just signs . 
  look at the polls . 
  he 's leading in iowa and new hampshire , he utterly dominated the post-debate polls . 
  guy is on fire . 
  dude be already is winning iowa in the polls , keep up . 
  that 's how i feel too . 
  it 's an early call , but do n't think she really has much of a shot in the primary . 
  you 'll see this sentiment fade as we get closer to the actual primaries . 
  what `` people '' ? 
  cnn ? 
  slate ? 
  other news outlets who completely ignored ( or even deleted ) the poll results on their sites showing sanders winning by a landslide ? 
  i mean [ look at this ] ( http://mediaequalizer.com/brian-maloney/2015/10/fuming-bernie-supporters-why-is-cnn-deleting-our-comments ) . 
  if you think the establishment media is giving you accurate election news you 're utterly wrong . 
  i do n't know . 
  i live in ma , a very liberal state , but i 've seen a * lot * of sanders bumper stickers and signs . 
  more than hilary certainly . 
  i 've met a couple of clinton supporters but most of them say they like sanders better . 
  they just do n't think he can win . 
  sure he is . 
  he supports gun ownership rights and upholding the second amendment . 
  he just also supports reasonable gun control . 
  everyone * does n't * know that because it 's horse shit . 
  bernie tests better with republicans than hilary does and he 's the current democratic frontrunner . 
  dude has iowa and new hampshire . 
  the establishment media may not want to admit it , but this guy 's on track to the white house . 
  maybe someone was visiting ireland and could n't tell the difference . 
  apparently all you have to do to be a saint is be super into watching people die . 
  does n't seem it 'll help supply and demand to fill jobs with essentially unpaid workers . 
  section 8 is very limited and takes years to get into . 
  homelessness is pretty common in the us . 
  there are shelters but most of them are pretty terrible . 
  :( it 's that clip from south park about how you guys have to face east and play chuck mangione at 8 and 11 am . 
  [ it 's 8am guy . 
  ] ( http://southpark.cc.com/clips/xd7mvg/go-back-where-you-came-from ), 
  so would you say that the whole concept of some forms of aid being detrimental due to pushing out local business is more or less overblown ? 
  or just that things are further along now and it 's less of a problem ? 
   all i said was that if a company implements a policy badly and it is burdensome it will reduce their popularity . 
  and this is exactly what i 'm contesting . 
   nothing you 've said to me disproves this , especially because i do n't have a facebook account . 
  which explains a lot . 
  i 'm just going to go ahead and stop arguing with you about things that you admittedly have absolutely no familiarity with . 
  cheers . 
   this is the basis of capitalist competition . 
  well , no , it 's not necessarily . 
  do you think walmart is doing really well because they 're offering a better product than everyone else ? 
  no , they offer extreme convenience and low overhead . 
  facebook is * not * in the business of being the very best social media platform out there . 
  they do all sorts of things that annoy their users all the time . 
  they only come out on top because they do n't have * real competition * . 
  it 's like aim in the 90s , everybody has it , so if you want to talk to everybody you 'd better have it . 
  it 's not * quite * a monopoly , but it 's mechanically similar . 
  everybody goes to facebook , not because they like * facebook * , but because their friends are there . 
  if their friends are on a janky broken piece of crap that does n't show them half the posts they want in their feed , spits ads at them constantly , tells them what names they can use , and wo n't even let them use italics , * they will also use that piece of crap * . 
  i do n't know how much attention you 've been paying to the evolution of facebook , but they have proven this time and time again . 
   so what you 're saying is that this agreement reduces the exposure of speech inciting violence or hatred against a group of people based on protected characteristics . 
  this is something i am absolutely fine with . 
  what i 'm saying is that it would n't be out of the question for them to implement this in a ham-fisted way that makes the average non-hate-spewing user 's experience less enjoyable . 
  this would not affect their bottom line at all . 
   this is n't for money , so that is n't a problem . 
  everything is for money . 
  why would you assume that ? 
  do you know what youtube , facebook , and twitter * really * have going for them ? 
  * everybody is on them * . 
  it 's not about the quality of the medium , it 's about the degree of exposure . 
  google + is * infinitely * better than facebook in terms of content delivery , but * nobody uses it * so everybody settles for this piece of garbage that games your feed for money and does n't even have text formatting . 
  they can , have , and will continue to make their platform worse for money . 
  if stats start to dip significantly , they can always sell it . 
  i ca n't find any articles about historical irish rape mobs . 
  could you help ? 
  does something need to be despicable to want to discourage it ? 
  i mean if i went and took all my rent money and intentionally gave it to some homeless people , i do n't think they 're anywhere near in the wrong for taking it . 
  now i do n't have my rent money , though , so that was pretty stupid . 
  it 's not an either/or situation . 
  yes , it is absolutely a sensible idea to take advantage of the loosened immigration policies to get into europe if you 're in a worse situation . 
  this does not necessarily mean that this is an awesome thing for europe or that none of the countries have any reason to tighten things up at this point or wish they had n't made it quite so loose in the first place . 
  that 's a great explanation !, 
  thanks !, 
   one that required one country ( in this case greece ) to bare the burden of structural inefficiencies that exist throughout the eurozone . 
  can you explain this ? 
  i saw something like this around the premiere of some big show this year . 
  is this a practical metric ? 
  why was this article written a full month after the quote ? 
  how 's that work ?
