did they say they were going to the bay area ? 
  that 's some of the most expensive housing in the country , if not * the * most expensive . 
  it 's also not impossible for incest between siblings to come in non-consensual forms . 
  you may feel like you and your siblings are peers as an adult , but that 's hardly the case when you 're a kid and there 's a couple years or more of difference . 
  there 's a lot of room to influence a sibling during childhood . 
  i 'm doubt it 's as common as sexually abusive relatives who are significantly older ( parents , aunts/uncles , etc ) , but it probably happens as well . 
  though considering that the bar for incest is different in different cultures and * does not * include first cousins in some cases , i 'd imagine if you 're part of a wider culture where you 're in an arranged marriage with your uncle it 's probably not defined as incest anyway . 
  this is one of the reasons people cite exchange relations as the cause of the incest taboo , because when you have more opportunities to create more diverse bonds the bar for the incest taboo gets higher . 
  grooming is manipulation to make someone more likely to go along with sexual coercion . 
  the concern is that people will be raised on the presumption that they 'll one day have sex with a relative . 
  it 's not really consent if your entire upbringing is focused on reinforcing your lack of a choice in the matter . 
  is that clearer ? 
  it does n't have to happen when they 're a kid . 
  look at arranged marriage . 
  laws against incest are incredibly useful to prevent grooming because they separate the people who raise you from the people you have sex with . 
  i think the main problem with allowing this ( which , incidentally , is not the reason for the taboo ) is that it makes grooming children for sex with relatives a lot more likely and a lot harder to catch . 
  it actually generally takes quite a few generations of inbreeding to develop significant genetic deformities , normal recessive traits aside . 
  the taboo against incest has more to do with exchange relations than anything . 
  it says it might be offensive , you have to click the trigger warning . 
  you missed the [ image underneath ] ( https://twitter.com/liamutlr/status/698581550842146816/photo/1 ) . 
  it was [ this ] ( https://t.co/ea0wknrtv6 ) . 
  i suppose . 
  consider the wings vs the beatles argument for recognizing paul mccartney though . 
  sort of similar , except that fawlty towers is way better than wings . 
  you realize nobody outside of europe other than myself and like 4 other people has any idea who basil is , right ? 
  monty python on the other hand enjoys significant international fame . 
  one character ? 
  probably not , but i 'd think he 'd be best known for monty python . 
  best known as basil ? 
  really ? 
  not if he says something profound it is n't . 
  the news is n't the comment , it 's the story the comment is about and the question of how representative it is of general opinion . 
  it 's not though . 
  it 's a type of biased thinking that 's rampant . 
  the stakes might not be that high in this case , but elsewhere they 're vital . 
  people need to know how to separate their positive or negative feelings toward people from the arguments they make . 
  sometimes someone you mostly disagree with will say something true and important , if you want to reduce your own bias you should be prepared for the possibility that an idiot will say something profoundly important . 
  that does n't mean following ever single thing every moron under the sun has to say , but it does mean being aware enough of your own thinking to recognize the difference between looking at their argument on its own and shrugging off the fact that you 're tainting it 's reception . 
  in this case it 's not a big deal , but as a general principal it absolutely is . 
  okay , that does n't change anything about how logic works . 
   felix baumgartner expresses his opinion on government by using a hyperbolic comparison between fishing permits and open borders , which are two entirely unrelated matters and differ greatly in severity and importance . 
  see this is a counter-argument . 
   him moving to another reason for tax purposes ( switzerland of all places ) also tells something relevant about his politics . 
  it does make it relevant knowing this guy advocates authoritarian forms of government as it does put his earlier statement into context . 
  you can infer his motives from this , but it does n't necessarily have an impact on the veracity of his statements . 
  you can say he 's hypocritical or wishy-washy , but this does not impact whether the one specific point he 's making has some basis in reality or not . 
  you do n't have to . 
  correct . 
  this does not make your ad hominem fallacies logical . 
  it 's not proof of anything about his opinion . 
  you 're just making value judgements . 
  if you disagree with it , make a counter-argument . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  i do n't speak finnish . 
  is n't that kind of on purpose ? 
  i thought a big chunk of europe intentionally had easy to cross borders to make getting around region less of a hassle and promote international relations . 
  his argument is n't weakened by his character simply because people are illogically attributing correctness to his argument due to his character . 
  they 're wrong to lean on his being famous , just as you 'd be wrong to lean on his having other opinions that are foolish or unpopular . 
  two fallacies do n't make a proof . 
  trump 's quotes are n't hitting the nail on the head , though . 
  they 're crazy . 
  right ? 
  google says it 's  country in which not fish without a license , but a cross-border people to march without authorization can only be led by an idiot , a man writes . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's way closer . 
  you 're right , everyone should sing praises to the best of those who came over and completely ignore the sudden emergence of rape mobs that seem to be prevalent in conservative muslim countries , which has coincided with a massive migration of muslims . 
  the two totally have nothing at all to do with one another . 
  what 's important is that some nice folks also came by who happen to believe the things that , on a societal level , create rape mobs . 
  but hey , they themselves are nice people so whatever . 
  it 's not xenophobic to be opposed to a particular religion 's tendency to give cultures an extreme conservative and misogynistic bent . 
  why would these solutions that deny individual agency and prescribe reliance on others be less offensive than a solution underlining what a person can do themselves ? 
  not that , like , `` stand further away '' is exactly a meaningful solution . 
  if it were * just * this one issue , i 'd say fair enough , but it 's not just this one time . 
  it 's a knee-jerk reaction to literally anyone ever giving anyone any sort of advice on the subject of preventing rape aside from `` do n't rape people please '' . 
  it 's utterly unique to this phenomenon and shows , to me , just how much we let the emotional impact of the subject cloud any remote attempt to deal with it . 
  that was constructive . 
  you ca n't stop * every * attempted rape , but you can certainly stop some of them . 
  rape does n't magically erase the agency of every victim . 
  this is why self-defense classes and pepper spray exist . 
  to say that there 's just absolutely nothing you can do individually with your own agency to protect yourself from rape is absolutely absurd and infantilizing . 
  agency people . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  it just shows how completely out in left field people are about this question . 
  if you ca n't give any advice at all without being seen as offensive then the people taking offense are in the wrong . 
  they 're confusing the level of societal expectation with the level of individual agency . 
  do you expect society to be decent enough that you can feel safe ? 
  yes . 
  does this mean all precaution is utterly worthless ? 
  woah , woah , woah , hang on . 
  you made quite a leap here . 
   to paraphrase mencken , `` a great newspaper is a nation talking to itself , '' by which he meant that in any liberal democracy that has a free-press worth the name , the product of said free-press is a direct reflection of the thoughts and inclinations of said nation . 
  you want to call out journalists for reporting what your society tells them to report , nevermind the fact that if they are blinkered and seemingly blind to what you see as obvious , the probable explanation is that your society has caused them to be so . 
  this does not follow . 
  you start out by discussing the * ideal * of free-press . 
  i 'm not in the habit of reading german papers , but given english language journalism at the moment , i do n't think we 're exactly living in a time where journalism is doing just great . 
  taking issue with what 's reported by the papers not reflecting what you think should be there is a perfectly legitimate sentiment that 's not made unreasonable by the concept that an idealized journalism should reflect the thoughts of the people . 
  what exactly is he supposed to do , anyway ? 
  magically harangue the german people into agreeing with him ? 
  slap journalists upside the head until they report more populous stories ? 
  let 's not be silly . 
  it 's a bit absurd and sexist to blame this on gender while refusing to blame it on a regressive and misogynistic religion .
