vladi-mir , vladi-mar , life goes on , brah . 
  any producers reading this , please talk to my agent . 
  so , you mean a coincidence that at that certain time somebody threw away a basque flag ? 
  beats me , it was september 2012 , apart from a new university year starting i have no idea what happened then . 
  haha , as opposed to what ? 
  i do n't assume / u/txobi has been stalking me from across the world . 
  this was a fairly international neighbourhood , so it 's entirely possible another basque left the flag there . 
  seeing your flair , i remembered i actually have a basque flag hanging at home !, 
  found it in a dumpster two years ago . 
  here 's a basque singer i like , if you want to listen to the language . 
  i was on a visit to the katrin experiment ( which this giant beer keg is a part of ) a few years ago , and if i remember correctly they said that it would have cost more to get the company to move personnel and machinery into the experimental hall/on campus than taking a somewhat complicated transport route . 
  it already has been , for about 8 years . 
  what ? 
  last thing i heard it was a spectrometer for electrons from beta decays . 
  the point is to infer the properties of the anti-neutrino ( another product of the decay ) , sure , but katrin does n't detect them . 
  feel free to correct me !, 
  cool , thanks for the breakdown and all the tips !, 
  the sum of 400 $ sounds like i can save up for it , this is good . 
  do you know whether you can find people freelancing as driving instructors on blocket ? 
  do you have a moped now , or when has it been practical ? 
  worked as a courier ? 
  wow , that is comparable with the romanian guy 's figure . 
   those differences alone make it unlikely that what you 're trying to do would be possible . 
  it was well-illustrated , indeed . 
  i 'm afraid i just do n't see the logic . 
  the military is indeed an interesting idea !, 
  not very practical for me , but definitely notable . 
  that 's the largest figure anybody has mentioned so far in this thread !, 
  out of interest , what 's your country/where do you live ? 
  thanks , anyway !, 
  to explain , i was trying to reconstruct how you meant to answer the question `` why do you think it 's unlikely '' with that comment comparing belgium to the netherlands ... 
  but if you know that it is the law , then there 's no point in trying to guess !, 
  as for reasons why i 'm interested : i do n't live in germany , and both sweden and germany are quite expensive . 
  never learned to drive , 23 now , unemployed , ca n't spare 1400 eur . 
  that sounds important . 
  can you please give us a current source ? 
  this topic seems to have hit a sore spot with you . 
  sorry that it made you upset . 
  or did you just want to say that you believe uk driving lessons ( the left-hand traffic aside ) are not as good dutch ones ? 
  that was very elucidative , thank you . 
  ( huh , autocorrect thinks that is n't a word . ), 
  was the following the point you wanted to make ? 
  * belgian driving lessons suck . 
  * non-residents would be certain to mostly drive abroad , not in belgium . 
  * belgium thinks its unfair to let the shitty drivers their system produces loose on foreign roads . 
  * hence , they wo n't issue non-residents a license . 
  so , you 're making the case for the uk , then ? 
  is it possible for a german citizen resident in sweden to do it there ? 
  also , in your expert opinion , which countries do you think have the worst driving education ? 
  do you know the legal situation , then ? 
  can i also do the test in german and apply for the actual license in romania , or do i have get tested elsewhere and apply in my country of residence ? 
  do other european countries allow that ? 
  sorry , i just assumed that , since [ the license is now standardized for the whole eu , and can be used anywhere therein ] ( http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/vehicles/driving/validity/resident_en.htm ) , that it would n't make a difference . 
  why do you think it 's unlikely ? 
  i 'm afraid i do n't see any problems , though of course what you say may very well be true . 
  ( i 've read similar things in old forum posts . ), 
  in that case , what about taking lessons in one country and taking the test in another ? 
  if somebody has a source on this , i 'd be quite interested !, 
  thank you !, 
  cool . 
  know any tips for learning romanian ? 
  the confusion here is that the original picture * actually * showed ** kn\u00f6pfle ** . 
  they are indeed made with that holey thing , and a more liquid batter . 
  the video you linked shows the way to make sp\u00e4tzle . 
  there 's something more specific , also check the picture with the confederate flag - called the [ raggare subculture ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raggare ) . 
  ( i 'm from bavaria , a federal state in southern germany . 
  the joke was that people there tend to consider themselves somewhat exceptional . 
  i assumed you also were german , given how well-informed you are . ), 
  thanks for all the explanations !, 
  as you can tell by my flair , i 'm not really german and hence somewhat out of the loop ;-), 
  thanks , i did n't realize they were giving themselves the option to permanently decide against a coalition . 
  is the 1st option actually constitutional ? 
  have n't they already cut the cake on this wedding ? 
  what would actually happen if the spd members voted against a coalition , are union and spd just going to continue with negotiating new terms for a great coalition and retry until it gets approved ? 
  i ca n't imagine anybody really wanting that , but do you think it 's likely for spd members to actually test the limits of their party 's negotiating power like that ? 
  and south korea is extremely microsoft-based . 
  i 'm pleased to say that nobody 's ever surprised me with surstr\u00f6mming . 
  give the left-over tzatziki to bulgaria , they 'll add water and call it tarator . 
  you , frisian guy/gal , i bought your flag recently because i think it 's so cool . 
  with sauerkraut and speck !, 
  but to be honest , it 's more likely germany would bring pasta salad . 
  i hope it 's not a black sheep , that colour mixing is wrong . 
  and how long have you been seeing each other ? 
  in germany , you do n't have a choice , rather the decision is made by the primary school depending on your grades in the first four years , when the child is around 10 years old . 
  it 's slightly softer than a strict grade cut-off , and there are certain ways to cross between the secondary schools later , or you can qualify for university studies in a certain field . 
  would you prefer that system ? 
  obviously not too heavy on the capitalism , given how large an industry porn is . 
  there 's an idea for a trip that 's been slowly assembling itself in my head : 1 ) fly to istanbul ( common destination -  cheap flight ) 2 ) take a ferry from istanbul to burgas ( maybe a cruise or freight ship ? ), 
  3 ) rent a car , follow the highway passing 3a ) the buzludzha monument 3b ) plovdiv 4 ) end up in sofia . 
  any suggestions on how to change or continue the trip ? 
  i have both turkish and bulgarian friends , which originally gave me the idea . 
  someone must be posting to / r/pyongyang , non ? 
  no , it 's the newest dynamic duo . 
  `` devil man and terrorboy - spreading fear around hanoi ! '', 
  because the admins caved and decided to enact russia 's censorship laws for them , in return for some more ad revenue ? 
  g'bye everyone , you will find me at voat . 
  thanks , my fluff story really needed some sort of political spin !, 
  he probably meant to say that in his nationalist world view , the dutch and russians are inherently irreconcilable and should always be separated . 
  funny how you can re-interpret the same statement to say `` i do n't have a choice , but why do you voluntarily live in russia ? '', 
  thanks , i was wondering how that part continued .
