  clearly someone who did not actually read the article and does not understand the benefits of having a highly educated population . 
  united states , ** this is why we can not have nice things . 
  i absolutely agree and i do n't understand why people are so determined to not see this . 
  too bad he never played banished . 
  these guidelines seem a bit ridiculous . 
  at 15 they ca n't spend a night alone ? 
  really ? 
  i was traveling alone internationally at that age . 
  i think the game banished taught me it is made from herbs ... so that must be true . 
  i made a comment about this months ago , that it looked like they just wanted to drive down wages and was mocked for it . 
  i still think that is the main driver here , otherwise none of this makes any sense . 
  plenty did that too . 
  not just an education , but also some leisure time to spend dabbling in science and inventions . 
  historically , the people who have been scientists and inventors were those who had the free time and energy to do it - so , the wealthy . 
  you will if you want something more than just basic survival income . 
  most people are going to want a little more out of life . 
  you got me . 
  i am the left . 
  i am personally responsible for this immigration shitstorm . 
  we have the same problem in the us . 
  the middle class is an endangered species . 
   policy that screws the poor in favour of the rich is a very right wing thing to do actually i keep seeing all this `` blame the leftists '' and supposed `` leftist '' ideology discussions going on . 
  it makes me suspect the discussion is being manipulated in and attempt to discredit the left . 
  i wish we could just forget `` left '' and `` right '' and just support the middle class . 
  as it is , what seems to be happening is that it all boils down to the very rick manipulating the poor and middle class to act against their own ( middle class ) interest . 
  i do n't know if the author was trying to humanize them but this really makes it clear that they are psychopaths and dangerously mentally ill . 
  religion is often a good cover for the mentally ill but in this case it has become a seriously dangerous cover . 
  it may also explain why they manage to recruit so many people . 
  psychopaths can be quite charming when they want to be , but they have no empathy . 
  they are mentally ill , organized and feeding off of each other . 
  if what is described here is accurate and widely applicable within isis , then these people have to be removed from society one way or another , either locked up in a jail or mental institution , or dead . 
  i can see no other way to prevent them from continuing to kill . 
  and with the power of religious belief backing them up , they can not be reasoned with . 
  are you honestly dumb enough to believe that isis and assad do n't both hate the us and europe ? 
  there are no terrorists i like . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i doubt that those kids hanging out at a concert have anything to do with what is happening in syria or any power to change anything happening there . 
  sounds like black mail . 
  `` cooperate with us or we continue ( or allow others ) to kill your civilians '' . 
  i suspect that the political reason for accepting so many people was just that - to drive down wages . 
  sorry , i was too critical . 
  i can understand the atmosphere of a family holiday . 
  that is nice . 
  it is also a bit weird to me . 
  i used to live on a farm in southern mexico and we occasionally butchered pigs ( and used everything from it ) but we did not do it like this . 
  seems longer , less controlled and inefficient . 
  it was no party and not pleasant , but got the job done . 
  if we were going to eat meat , we had to butcher now and then . 
  we would tie up the hind legs , and winch them up off the ground with just the front legs on the ground . 
  the kill would be a quick knife into the back of the head severing the spine and immediate followed by slicing the throat and hoisting up the pig to drain the blood . 
  it was done as quickly as possible to drain the pig well . 
  all the blood was caught in a tub ( made into sausage later ) . 
  looks like you would lose a lot of the blood with their method and the pig takes longer to die so he struggles and bruises and the meat is going to have retained some of the blood . 
  it can not drain well like that . 
  the democrats deliberately chose not to grow their base when they rejected sanders and all the new people he was bringing in . 
  they have no one but themselves to blame . 
  losing weight is `` easy '' they way stopping any addiction is `` easy '' . 
  all you have to do is stop shooting up after getting just a little high , right ? 
  just get a little high and then stop . 
  all you have to do is stop drinking after taking a few drinks . 
  just drink one or two and then just stop . 
  it is easy , that is all you have to do . 
  just stop after just gambling a few games . 
  just gamble a little and then stop . 
  just smoke once a month , not daily . 
  it is easy . 
  stopping drinking after one or two drinks is easy for me . 
  taking an occasional pain killer is easy for me . 
  gambling one game and stopping is easy for me . 
  should be easy for everyone else too . 
  yes , it is probably not casual coincidence that a lot of obese people are also depressed . 
  no one just decided to be obese either . 
  no one , wakes up some morning and decides - i 'm going to be obese . 
  who would chose that ? 
  if it was simply a decision one way or another , there would not be a problem would there ? 
  non obese and non smokers are the ones living longer , so if that is your concern ( people living longer ) , then you are hating on the short lived ones . 
  what i really do not understand is this strong under current of societal hatred for the obese . 
  yes , obesity is unhealthy and needs to be corrected , but why is there so much visceral hatred for the obese ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  i also notice that there is always an angry response to any science that comes out on the role of biology/mental health in it ( such as the role of the gut biota ) . 
  any suggestion that obese people might be more than just `` bad people '' is met with anger and rantings about `` it 's just calories '' . 
  to be clear , i am not referring to you or anyone in particular but to the general response ( mostly on reddit ) to discussions on obesity . 
  there are a lot of people who really , really hate fat people . 
  i wonder about that . 
  were a lot of people abused by fat people ? 
  what about people injured playing extreme sports ? 
  they should not be covered either since they chose to place themselves in danger . 
  they should stick to safer ways to exercise or pay for their problems themselves . 
  actually , you should not be covered if you get in a car accident while driving to these unnecessary and dangerous sports . 
  you should n't be covered anytime you drive when it is not absolutely necessary . 
  i really do n't know why but for whatever reason , saudi arabia is always given a pass on its terrible laws based on nothing more than `` it 's their culture '' . 
  apparently france does not get this same pass . 
  i guess we maybe just have higher expectations of france . 
  to be clear , i do n't agree with either country 's laws on this . 
   vast majority of medieval and enlightenment period european scientists . 
  and monasteries were more or less only real preservers of knowledge in middle ages . 
  churches were the only ones with the money to pursue studies and so long as what they studied helped maintain their power and control , they supported it . 
  as soon as it led to challenged of their power and control of the population , they opposed it . 
  to me , it seems like the same people who criticize france for making them take it off will defend saudi arabia for forcing them to keep it on . 
  edit : spelling,
