yes but much rudder . 
  more like `` are you on drugs or something mate ? '', 
  i keep hearing this ... we ca n't just refuse ... 
  but yet it is an option . 
  a better way would be to secure the borders and deport anyone not applying for asylum the legal way . 
  she hasnt prevented anything statistically speaking . 
  the amount of people let in from syria is very small in comparison to the amount of people displaced in camps and inside syrian in war zones . 
  the problem with the left is that they view these refugees as helpless . 
  they are not helpless , they went through hell to get here and it seems like they are ready for more . 
  the left sees accepting refugees as a power play , as a way to show how moral they are . 
  if you watch the videos of refugees arriving in germany , the germans look happier than the refugees themselves !, 
  it is like walking down the street with all your rich/middle class friends and you decided to give the homeless a euro/franc/pound and then announce to everyone that you are doing the right thing and look how awesome i am . 
  then you convince everyone one of your friends to give a euro . 
  so the guy now has maybe 10 euros and will buy himself a beer . 
  did you help him ? 
  yes , but you did n't help the guy in the right way and he will ask you for 10 euros tomorrow as well . 
  to be honest i am currently studying at university of westminster and i am more worried about being stabbed/beat up . 
  how about you stop looking at people against islamization as neo-nazis and see them as people ? 
  i think there is a price for labor , and that price is defined by the market . 
  if you increase supply price drops , good for companies bad for workers . 
  i do believe you about the unhrc reports . 
  but to argue that the us accepts more than most developed nations is a bit of a stretch . 
  i mean if you look at refugees per capita the us lags behind quite a lot . 
  i just claimed they were quite bigoted to the economical migrants which came ashore , and no they didnt accept anyone who was considered white a sizable percentage where denied entry . 
  more so at the time the us needed economic immigrants to do manual labor in the booming us industry . 
  this industry does not exist in our countries anymore . 
  more so if we came as refugees then you would have to foot the tax bill of sheltering us all which could be expensive and i can assure you lots more europeans would be denied . 
   by that logic we should euthanize a good portion of native born citizens in many european countries . 
  do n't have a degree ? 
  too bad we have no job for you , to the camps . 
  no way !, 
  you see we ( meaning mostly the north ) have created good labor laws and good apprenticeship schemes and if you do not have a degree we can still find something we can train you in ( barber , mechanic , etc. . ) we also have a welfare state to help those struggling to make ends meet . 
  we do n't shoot them , we help them . 
  now what do you think happens when 500,000 + + + + more people come in and want part of this welfare state ? 
  it collapses . 
  poles are legal immigrants inside the eu and take less benefits and contribute more in taxes than native born brits . 
  part of the eu is the free movement of labor . 
  saying poles being ( net recipients of `` federal tax '' ) should n't be let into the uk ( net contributors ) is like saying people from north dakota ( net recipients ) should n't be allowed into illinois because they are poorer . 
  you ca n't really compare this migrant crisis to the states . 
  1 ) the industrial economies are just about fading away there is no more need for large uneducated masses in todays economies . 
  2 ) the us was very bigoted in its selection of immigrants and does n't just accept whomever comes to shore . 
  meaning wage deflation ... 
  well in a multi - polar world of superpowers , your best bet is to be quiet but with deadly potential so they do not mess with you . 
  superpowers wo n't destroy the world . 
  it is not in their interests . 
  now assume a country like poland which does n't have nukes gets a nuke in the center of warsaw . 
  what will the world do ? 
  that is more of a danger to stability . 
  in fact i think when all ojf us have nukes we will return to wars fought with conventual forces . 
  see i used to think that . 
  but if you do not have a nuclear deterrent you are pretty much open to a land invasion or a tactical nuclear strike . 
  allied countries of your country wo n't defend you because in terms of nukes , thier first response is also thier last response . 
  this leaves an invading country with nukes to do as it pleases . 
  i would argue all stable countries democratic or not should have nuclear weapons . 
  keep checks and balances . 
  i may be wrong , but i believe you might be talking about legal migrants . 
  legal eu migrants are a net benefit to almost any country they go to . 
  well firstly i would argue that many people take loans out to buy solar panels because it is a long term investment that might eventually make you money , for example a multi-generational home , therefore it might not only be the wealthy who get solar panels . 
  also the more a technology is demanded the more companies appear trying to offer this technology , the competition could bring prices lower facilitating solar panels to many people . 
  this has happened with other technologies like the mobile phone or the personal computer , so why not solar panels . 
  nope , they will tax solar generation because it costs money to use solar energy on national gird . 
  [ i 'm not sure of the details , some engineers are discussing it higher up on the thread ] but the truth is that even if it costs money to use the grid from solar energy it should be paid for by tax payers ( assuming the cost is not ridiculous ) because it has a positive externality on the population . 
  but in spain electricity companies are partially government owned and the companies do n't want to lose money . 
  my two close russian friends , ( one smart and open minded and the other is a rt loving russian ) , tell me that there is more of a silent majority that generally agree with putin . 
  some people go to pro putin rallies , but there is just a general apathy towards politics in general , but all things considered emperor putin is doing a good job . 
  it caused quite some tension with them , but nothing a few beers and shots ca n't heal . 
  they also tell me , that honestly there is no way to realistically know because too many people do n't give a fuck . 
  if everyone agree on what speech was accepted then we would n't need freedom of speech . 
  freedom of speech exists precisely because the extremes need to be heard . 
  why do they need to be heard you ask ? 
  well because someone with power could shut down the extremes and then redefine the goal posts so slightly more moderate stuff is extreme and so on . 
  i am pro free speech and pro the down-vote and up-vote buttons . 
  the rebels and russia unfortunately are not officially the same thing . 
  but yes i agree with you , russia caused it the whole thing to happen . 
  georgia still fired first against russia even if it was from georgian territory . 
  if russia and georgia were in a bar during that period , russia managed to taunt and humiliate georgia until georgia snapped and tried to hit russia . 
  georgia still officially started the conflict . 
  mate , as much as i dislike the russian government . 
  georgians opened fire first ... 
  well germany is a successful decentralized country , as is switzerland . 
  both are successful decentralized countries , but just because a country is decentralized does not mean it is going to be successful . 
  also i would argue that decentralizing under duress by a proxy war taking place in ukraine will never be a successful outcome for democracy or geopolitics . 
  unless what you see as a desirable outcome is one where it stops bothering us economically well off eu countries . 
  in that case it plays into the selfish narrative you have been presenting . 
  eastern european countries have been battleing with the russian bully for a very long time , while the west has viewed the east as a buffer zone , expendable in order to make sure business goes well . 
  you seem to think ending death being lost right now is the end goal , no matter the consequences . 
  the truth is a life lived in fear is a life half lived . 
  russia is violating international law and it 's own law signed with ukraine , right in our face , it is toying with people 's right to discuss their differences in a free and fair way , more so , it is a spit in the face of the central and eastern european countries that have lived under the ussr ( which ukraine was a part of , i might add ) . 
  they have banned me in the past for flipping out on a guy who voted for a really really far right guy in my country and was justifying it . 
  reedit is not based on free speech . 
  your propositions to decentralize ukraine is ridiculous . 
  this is exactly what putin wants , a politically crippled country ripped right back into russia 's sphere of influence ? 
  more so , why should ukraine not be able to join the eu or nato ? 
  because we should appease russia so things go smoothly . 
  whom would police this restarting of government ? 
  these policies you have suggested would essentially cause ukraine to become a failed state . 
  no , no , and a hundred times no . 
  we should not repeat former prime minster neville chamberlain 's stupidities . 
  also what makes you think the ukrainian people will accept such a proposal ? 
  the eu is so above ukraine that we will deal with russia directly ?
