  bullshit , the democratically elected government of ukraine needs to be consulted , and i doubt they will agree to be fractured , and humiliated in such a way as you are proposing . 
  it is n't just a security concern . 
  it is a communication and integration concern . 
  it is literally blocking her off from our society . 
  empathy is normally generated from face expressions and body language . 
  none of that is visible with the niqab anecdotally i have had difficulties working in groups with people who wear the niqab , but not the hijab or burka . 
  it also lends itself to abuse from possessive husbands forcing it on their wives or because of peer pressure . 
  as someone who had to deal with a public call to prayer that disrupted classes at my university , i agree with you whole heartily . 
   retired except they tend to do work that is either taxed very little or not at all because they have limited language skills and labour skills . 
  i am no fan of high pensions ( such as the uk , are you guys crazy ? 
  ) , but third world migrants will not help your tax revenue and pensioners at least `` earned '' it . 
  so in order to care about his prosperity he has to care and fix all of the world 's ills first ... maybe he does n't give a rats ass about problems elsewhere than where he is from . 
  maybe he/she should n't shut up . 
  his/her tax money is going to help illegal migrants , isis troops , legit and illegitimate asylum seekers enter and settle in his/her country or neighbouring country . 
  if you wish to help them then by all means spend your money . 
  and this is besides the point that money can be better spent in turkey or lebanon than paying for people here . 
  we could pull a more permanent cuban missile crisis situation right on the eu 's maritime border . 
  build a fence in the sea . 
  that way if they capsize it is n't our obligation . 
  we can assist the north african country to fulfill their obligation of not letting people drown by towing them to shore . 
  that is true i did n't read into the methodology . 
  ( i think you meant methodology not mythology ), 
  most studies that are somewhat considered credible are from a sample of 1000 people or more . 
  sympathy : understanding between people ; common feeling corbyn might not be a sympathiser but he is an apologist where he justifies their actions by apologising for what the uk did . 
  as stated elsewhere corbyn was sees hamas as friends . 
  it 's a stretch . 
  but not a massive one . 
  corbyn does deal with some islamist charecters . 
  do n't act as if this is too far of a stretch . 
  also claiming the 77 bombings was revenge for the iraq war ... cameron is n't trying to dissuade the right from voting corbyn . 
  he is trying to dissuade the left of center and blairites . 
  i 'm male too . 
  the men fight , some are combatants , some are rapey and some are decent folk . 
  but the men do n't really impose the culture until the women arrive . 
  the burkas , the relgious judgement of other women , the strict adherence to the koran for their family to bring honor , all of that is pushed by the women . 
  its enforced by men . 
  source : i live and work in a bad part of londistan . 
  well to be honest if i was a economic migrant . 
  i would tell my wife that im leaving to europe to get welfare/job and send it back . 
  once allowed , i would ask them to come over . 
  the men are coming in first . 
  for each non-daesh man you see , 1 more woman and 3 children are likely to follow . 
  so the initial estimate of 800,000 is really looking like several million people . 
  source ? 
  no it clearly states 17 % of [ expanded cash income ] ( http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/taxtopics/explanation-of-income-measures-2013.cfm ) . 
  which is this : i might 've messed up my terms in the comment above . 
  well then it isnt income tax your thinking about . 
  i think you mean national income . 
  which is not what your articles says . 
  https://www.gov.uk/income-tax/overview also : [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpkkqnijnsm ), 
  well if you are wealthy . 
  it normally is n't due to your income from a job . 
  it is normally your capital and assests that make you money . 
  capital gains tax are extremely low . 
  more over even if i am mistaken . 
  if the wealthy did n't offshore their wealthy that 46 % would be much lower . 
  how much bloody money does someone need . 
  it 's hardly useless . 
  it holds loads of nerve endings and risks exist when performing the procedure . 
  i 'm glad your comfortable with your penis , you are n't damaged or less sexually because of circumcision . 
  you do however have a severely reduced sexual sensation in your member . 
  there are medical reasons for circumcision . 
  the reasons have been exaggerated in the past and one should be cautious when performing circumcision and not do it as a rule of thumb on most children . 
  i do not appreciate the personal attacks that i am fearing anything . 
  i never mentioned fgm ... 
  there are many things wrong with hacking off super sensitive nerve endings off a infant boy 's penis . 
  consent comes to mind , as well as double standards , and sexual satisfaction . 
  not everyone who is pro_peaceful coexistence and intermingling with the jewish people has to agree to all of their customs . 
  part of that is leaving behind barbaric traditions in an increasing secular world . 
  great discussion . 
  much love . 
  bye bye and good riddance . 
  why post if you do n't want to contribute or discuss ? 
  great . 
  so no ecb involvement then !, 
  right ? 
  but the euro would fall because of the bailout . 
  since mutti merkel has been so intense on this austerity and right wing economics . 
  let it fail , merkel and the people who voted her deserves a smack on the face . 
  do n't you dare involve the ez in buying of db 's debt . 
  this is all on germoney . 
  is that what germany tells itself when it violated the deficit rules and the dublin accord ... 
  seconded . 
  not to mention the uk would join the european economic area which means you will have to accept all the rules and regulations from the european union . 
  plus free movement of europe citizens . 
  unless there is another plan tabled i have n't heard of , the uk would be pretty much the same after you leave . 
  listen as a catalan person living in the uk . 
  i understand the will to stop eu immigration . 
  it 's is crazy high , coupled with high housing prices and lower nhs support . 
  however , the infrastructure problem comes from incompetent british politicians on the left and right . 
  wage deflation sucks though and social cohesion is practically a non issue amongst eu migrants , the ones here want to be part of your society and want to fit in as much as we can . 
  mate , all your evidence is anecdotal ... 
  i 'm not saying it is n't true , but ... do you happen to have any stats to look at ? 
  while the rich western nations bulldoze all competition inside the non-gold nations economy ? 
  that is n't really fair is it ? 
  right !, 
  / s is it now racist to say someone does not share the same culture ? 
  seems like you are part of the `` silence ideas i do not like '' crowd . 
  turks are perfectly normal intelligent people , just your culture is not european , similarly to chinese , people , indians etc. . 
  no , but im not nearly as butt hurt as the turkish posters seem to be .
