  except , it isnt benefit shopping that they are complaining about . 
  eu immigrants are a net economic benefit to the uk . 
  the main concern is social cohesion , demand for products ( especially housing ) skyrocketing , wage deflation , and lack of transparency of eu politicians . 
  turkey is not in europe culturally and only slightly geographically . 
  this should not be posted here . 
  jewish poles were also poles . 
  stop cherry picking data to serve your mute point . 
  ` white ' ppl can also have suffered hardship . 
  take your white guilt somewhere else . 
  i think the reason the gulf states , sa , and pakistan are ` allies ' is a situation of ` keep your friends close , but your enemies closer ' . 
  iran is seen as a more capable country , the west dislikes iran 's current religious craziness , and the fact that the west ca n't easily push iran around , but also realizes you are the last stable country in the region and that hdi is increasing in iran year by year . 
  that is on worker 's income , not corporation tax, 
  and thenwe will be helping putin, 
  so there are no black poles ? 
  or asian poles ? 
  no it is not a race thing . 
  unless you buy into the genetic purity argument . 
  the theory apart from being scientifically questionable , is morally a very slippery slope that once slipped and produced a bloody holocaust mostly in your country by a foreign country . 
  the color of someones skin does not matter , it is the matter of their character and the ideas that they believe in that matter and can be discriminated against . 
  well being polish does not mean being catholic . 
  being polish does not mean being white . 
  being human does mean you are male or female ( probably ) . 
  usa can not deny your entrance because you are catholic , or white ( though the usa used to back in the day ) , or the fact that you might be male or female . 
  they can discriminate based on passport . 
  why ? 
  well because usa fears that if the us allowed easier travel for poles , poles would immigrate there in mass and it would put pressure on infrastructure and cause wage deflation . 
  that is the `` theory '' as to why poles still need visas . 
  the reality probably is that the us still wants poland to blow them for a while so it will keep the carrot in-front of the polish government . 
  recap : visa free travel is reliant on what the us sees as a economically and politically stable and wealthy country . 
  if not you need apply for a visa and g through the traditional immigration process . 
  where you will be discriminated against based on education , skill , wealth , and possibility of integration . 
  but not on sex , race , or religion . 
  is being poor a race , sex or religious thing ? 
  is nationality a race , sex or religious thing ? 
  is education a race , sex or religious thing ? 
  no none of them are . 
  islam is an idea and a choice . 
  just as you choose to smear people for ideas and choices you do not agree with . 
  trying to equate islam with race is just trying to shift the shaming debate to a place where `` islamaphobes '' can be called racist , because being racist is hating someone for something they can not change and hating someones belief in islam is clearly a choice . 
  also we stopped fucking children long ago and muslims still defend the pedo momo . 
  you can not discriminate based on sex , religion , or race . 
  it would be wrong to . 
  just screw it and let them all wait their turn at the border one by one for 7 years till they get bored and go away . 
  poles to brits , and europeans to americans are far far closer culturally than europeans and turks or syrians . 
  those are eu migrants , not outside eu migrants . 
  have you not met eu migration , plenty of poles , spaniards and eu citizens are migrating away from their homeland in pursuit of a better life . 
  it only happens if the s is followed by a consonant . 
  if the s is followed by a vowel they can pronounce it `` normally '' . 
  though when i try pointing out the fact that they can pronounce it normally they just seem to not understand wtf im on about . 
  i have you tagged as utter nutjob troll and i do not remember why . 
  so i am not really going to have any further discussion with you . 
  i will happily discuss anyone else about the issues many have with feminists if they so wish to do so . 
  * do n't feed the troll *, 
  both sides go lala lala everything is horrible . 
  feminists come to mind for the left . 
  you keep posting the same image . 
  do you have any articles , or anything about their arrests . 
  it is not that i think you are lying , but you are using one picture and trying to convince me they are neo-nazis even though i see no reference to the swedish nationalists just some swedish neo-nazis with a crappy nazi salute . 
  please inform us in other ways , i would love to read objective articles , but if not please just leave . 
  actually hel in poland is quite nice . 
  come on by , poles have decent beer and a good party . 
  being close gdansk is quite nice as well . 
  well to the common man in ee you could argue that prices have gone up . 
  local business are bought up and dismantled . 
  just like to the common man in we public health waiting times have gone up , public housing prices have skyrocketed . 
  while both areas as a whole benefit in terms of gdp and growth , the populations working class get the shaft . 
  im not against open borders for migrants due to their religion . 
  but if this thread does bring islam into it , the percentage of `` fanaticism '' in islam is way higher as a percentage of believers and muslims believe the koran to be the true word of `` god '' . 
  what i am saying is that they are human and will obviously try to get into germany and work in the black market , because even black market germany pays better than polish wages for now . 
  more so , germany will have a large syrian minority and they can just go and fit in with their buddies . 
  when this happens , and it will happen there will be pressure by germany on nation states that `` let '' their refugees pass the border as a way to scapegoat this poorly throughout plan on the neighbors and not their own hubris . 
  then germany blocks shengen and tells poles and czechs to forcibly hold refugees in their countries at gun point . 
  no thanks i will pass . 
  actually there are a few eu laws that ban discrimination amongst eu citizens . 
  i 'm a bit rusty but generally you can only restrict benefits so much before the eu considers it discriminating against another eu immigrant just because he is not in his/her country . 
  so if i recall correctly the conservatives in the uk want to make eu immigrants unable to get benefits until someone has worked for 4 years . 
  the eu told the uk that 4 years was too long and that david would have to enact the law on british citizens as well . 
  this whole thing is silly because most eu immigrants do not take benefits , more so you should be able to get back some money after you paid in . 
  i am sure r/unitedkingdom and r/europe will have taught all the most common political views that you will ever need in the uk . 
  when someone says `` weather 's shite is n't it '' you respond `` polish people are taking our jobs ! '', 
  for example, 
  it wont because then we will cut off access to our markets from western companies in poland . 
  the funds arent there because you are generous loving people who now need to scold a kid . 
  fuck that jazz . 
  thank you , however isds has n't been implemented yet in the eu-mexico fta . 
  source : https://www.tni.org/en/publication/unmasked-corporate-rights-in-the-renewed-mexico-eu-fta, 
  thank you . 
   um on any significant change to the teu and tfeu ( the constitution of the union ) would be . 
   trade agreements like the eu-tunisian aa which one ? 
  you are misrepresenting sam harris 's point of view . 
  do you mean traitor ? 
  or does he buy and sell commodities ? 
  my list was n't exhaustive . 
  feel free to add, 
  yes i couldve added any strongly christian protestant country.instead of.the vatican . 
  but cathlics indoctrinate other things as well . 
  good point . 
  thanks for.making me realise the hipocrasy . 
  doesnt make me wrong . 
  yes all ideologies should be taught with a healthy degree of skepticism and from afar .
