  i think one of the best productions to come out of ireland in a long while . 
  i hope you return and tell us what you thought . 
  uk skins as well the first two seasons are damn good . 
  if thats your age range . 
  great shout . 
  great , great shout . 
  i hope op see 's this . 
  im not going to lie that united ireland makes me smile . 
  just not worth all the violence . 
  i save that for the speciali-tea . 
  but if you 're just having one of tescos finest cuppas you need milk . 
  boil it , mash it , fry it , stew it , bake it , roast it , peel and chip it ,, 
  ah yeah that would make sence . 
  thinking about it you see an awful lot of run down shacks down the country actually . 
  i never equated them to the famine though . 
  really where are these abandoned towns, 
  not doubting that , but greater cork has a pop of 274,000 ( around 15 % of total ) where as the greater dublin are has a pop of 1,801,040 ( around 40 % of total ), 
  it created 1 localised area , the pale , which was for the most part shielded from the affects of the famine and has lasted to this day . 
  we had a population nearly twice as high as we do today before the famine and the population of dublin faried a lot better than anywhere else . 
  even now people are centralising on it . 
  ireland is basically just made up of the dublin region and the countryside . 
  nuff said http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1kapnsayeq, 
  no its cool . 
  im not arguing . 
  i understand celcius is si . 
  but you know what i mean . 
  and in my experience americans often trip over themselves trying to remember to use the right terminology . 
  which is unnessisary . 
  we understand what there saying . 
  learn metric , we have no idea how hot 80 degrees is . 
  to us you ` ld be dead . 
  dont worry about forcing yourself to correct things like from soccer into football . 
  we know what your talking about its not unbelieveably nessisary but useful to avoid confusion . 
  we are more socialist than you . 
  get used to people talking about welfare and universal healthcare . 
  you might not be used to those opinions . 
  and remember like 84 % of us would have voted for obama . 
  something to keep in mind . 
  a week ago i would have said yes but then my father told he wasnt sure what he was voting . 
  and that but the fear into me . 
  i have since convinced him but he 's not a stupid person , he just fell pray to the iona institutes no propaganda . 
  i urge everyone on this sub to message any irish freinds they might have to get out and vote abd make the right decision . 
  i think the argument of whether or not aborting babies is a little more complex than allowing gays to marry . 
  im pro-choice just for clarity . 
  get your flag off donegal you damn dirty limey . 
  but surly these days a functioning educational system is crucial for running a country . 
  i assume then these sacked educational professionals will be replaced with those who will tow the line ? 
  this is looking like a more pg version of the soviet purge in 1936 . 
  but why so many teachers and university heads ? 
  always said that myself . 
  germans , great bunch of lads . 
  i dont think you have any idea how global economics work at all . 
  they can be that nice . 
  they can also be invisible behind rain and fog . 
  depends on the wheather you get them on . 
  pretty much the definition of all of ireland though ... . 
  appreciate it . 
  fairly sure the first one is fishing for emails i 've seen it before a few times and not getting any replys from them . 
  second one i have messged no reply yet . 
  i have two viewings this evening though . 
  thanks again for the help man . 
  single room for 350 ?!, 
  its pretty rare ... most go for at least 450 and the problem is that even if there is one that cheap theres about 30 other people coming to view it too . 
  i also cant be too too far out from the city as i dont drive and my job requires me to move about a bit . 
  if you can find me any for that price please send them my way . 
  i tried really hard to be part of the light blue statistic in ireland . 
  i really did . 
  sadly though barring living in a shared room with 2 other people for $ 350/month . 
  its not do-able . 
  even on a really sweet grad job its still not do-able . 
  im loving the last one . 
  they 'll be kicked out of the eu and left to their own devices even if it hurts us . 
  when you 're talking about nazi the party yes that has been abolished . 
  but the ideologies never have . 
  nazism is still alive unfortunatly . 
  though arts degrees here are joked at as being usless . 
  the coo of the last company i worked in had an arts degree . 
  i dont remember the specifics of his degree but the company was quite profitable and renown . 
  i was impressed . 
  once you get a passport for ireland , i think it will make getting into the uk much easier too , since we have a very open agreement . 
  i can go to the uk with just a photo id . 
  i really like the irish times . 
  in my opinion they really do go out of their way to make sure that they 're as unbias as possible , like what all media should be . 
  very true but any other country that was the same important to europe and great britain , under the same circumstances , would get the exact same thing . 
  you need us just as we need you . 
  less perhaps but still enough . 
  since they are already part of europe under the uk the rules may be differently applied to them . 
  does anyone know what would happen for sure ? 
  yes , it is silly to imagine any form of border problems happeing . 
  ireland manages just fine being completely independant and we border northern ireland . 
  apologies i didnt mean to say it in and anyway offencive way . 
  why shouldnt we have more individual athletes ? 
  we clearly are perform well individually despite the culture we have . 
  perhaps things like the gaa and the irfu etc are our olympic downfall but just because we have a culture base on team games should n't mean we should count individual sports out . 
  im more than happy to see out home games being activly funded and participated in but many of our current olympic athletes have other professions or have had to move abroad to get facilities they need to perform in their sport . 
  dublin because im here . 
  there 's a city in turkey called batman that would be awesome . 
  though obviously there are a number of problems with this . 
  that seems to be simply coinsidence uk pop of 65m , 65 medals , gdp 2.3 trillion ... . . italy pop of 60 million , 28 medals , 2.19 trillion ... . . hungary pop of 9 million , 17 medals , gdp 140m ... . . ireland pop 4.4 million , 5 , gdp 210m all were good at is fighting and riding . 
  you cant deny that funding for sports in ireland is way off what it should be .
