  since austerity actually delays recovery , that means it is effectively endless . 
  britain is following disaster capitalism . 
  it has used the economic crisis to privatise everything . 
  judging from what we have seen so far , this will mean that services will start to cost a lot more and that quality will suffer . 
  it really would n't surprise me if the poor were excluded from basic services like in the 1930s , we are not going forward but regressing . 
  our government is not interested in standard of life like the nordics are . 
  part of the blame for this must surely be down to the concentration of wealth in the country . 
  66 % of the land is owned by 0.01 % of the population . 
  owning land is also a way to mint money by extracting rent without paying tax . 
  i do n't know about you , but going to a place where fascists are becoming the police does n't sound too appealing . 
  also , the idea of a revolution kicking off a few weeks before your holiday makes me hesitate to book anything . 
  food is n't sold abroad with people starving in the country ? 
  even when the poor had no money ? 
  i think you 'll find that it is . 
  undoubtably , not being able to import food hurt the situation , but this was the invisible hand of the market 's fault . 
  are you one of those free market fundamentalists who ca n't admit it when they 're shown evidence to the contrary ? 
  you 're as bad as the communists were . 
  start living in the real world please . 
  the market was pretty free in ireland . 
  the landowners sent the food out of the country because the irish could n't afford it . 
  that 's why they starved . 
  no central planning , the landowners were private . 
  tell me how , in any way this had anything to do with government policy . 
  considering that `` laissez faire '' was literally the name of government policy at the time . 
  any time there is a free market , people stop starving ? 
  that 's a ridiculous statement with centuries of evidence against it . 
  in fact , it was the argument that stopped the government getting involved in ireland 's famine in the 1800s . 
  you still keep insisting that we should tax to get through the slump . 
  no , the government should borrow while the interest rates are low to invest in infrastructure and tax when the recovery comes . 
  government debt is not like personal debt , if it 's in control of the currency . 
  sure , people can lose out from inflation . 
  but not if they have a lot of debt themselves . 
  we wo n't get out of this deficit down sprial by cutting everything which our modern state relies on to function . 
  you think i admire the soviet union 's economic ideals ? 
  what are you , 60 years old or something ? 
  i admire europe 's social democracy vs the usa 's economic system . 
  also , the government can only spend what it taxes ? 
  nope . 
  you do know how money is created right ? 
  and the role of a central bank and interest rates ? 
  the government does n't use money like its citizens do . 
  when was the last time a business got worried about its debt , so it watered down the pound ? 
  currency in the uk only has any meaning because it 's backed and controlled by the government . 
  also , when there are millions of people starving on the streets , you can expect a rise in crime . 
  look at argentina or brazil . 
  any guy off the street could tell you that . 
  this goes back to what i was saying about tories not actually thinking their policies through . 
  the taxes that fund them are relatively quite small and have quite a beneficial economic effect . 
  if you cut them , there would be even more job losses as there would be less people to spend and damaging effects like higher crime rate and more prisons . 
  delhi ... central planning ... lol !, 
  india is like an advert for anarcho capitalism . 
  i think somalia must be the only other place in the world where the government is less involved in people 's lives . 
  i wonder why people support the tories . 
  are they rich , perhaps ? 
  i doubt there are that many rich people in britain . 
  perhaps they do n't think far enough ahead in the future to the result of the policies ? 
  i have a tory supporting friend who wants unemployment and housing benefit removed entirely . 
  who thinks that people will just find work , rather than starve on the streets like in delhi . 
  500,000 spare jobs in uk and 2,500,000 unemployed , probably without the skills or location to do them . 
  are people being renumerated though ? 
  it looks like we will have to fight all those old battles about labour again because a wage will no longer give a decent standard of life . 
  in some respects sports stars are super men . 
  we can clearly see that . 
  it 's advertising that pays them so much though , which is pretty unhealthy for society . 
  i guess movie stars are paid more directly from us than financial ceos and investors , who generally skim percentages off the top of trading . 
  there are n't really many public institutions left . 
  society is paying these people . 
  it is paying with its labour and taxes . 
  if you ask me , the whole economic system seems to be rigged in their favour . 
  why should n't we all share from our labour ? 
  they do n't do the work of 500 men . 
  who appointed them the right to so much money ? 
  society . 
  and it 's a right that can be taken back . 
  yes , those people clearly deserve salaries 500x the average person 's . 
  they are worth so much more than normal people . 
  they are like supermen . 
  i only hope that they manage to push their average pay to 1000x the average salary . 
  i mean , the world was n't exactly here for all of us was it ? 
  its resources , land and labour were destined for the use of these masters . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if there 's a supreme being , they would want these people to have much more than anyone else . 
  perhaps you could say that it 's survival of the fittest , and we just are n't as fit as they are . 
  i did n't think it was a sneering comment . 
  i 'm just bored of seeing yet another load of nazis on my news source . 
  i 'm fed up of facists . 
  if hate is a valid opinion , then why do n't you accept my actions ? 
  perhaps you can also post pictures of drone strikes . 
  i do n't mind the story being here , i do mind the hordes of right wing mentalists destroying the subreddit . 
  i 'm not burying it for the content , i 'm burying for the commenters . 
  i would hardly call being put away for life `` dampening of charges '' . 
  that is the most extreme charge she can be given . 
  where on earth did you get the idea that she got sympathy or easy charges ? 
  breivik was doing it for political reasons to make a statement . 
  this case is [ much more similar to this story ] ( http://www.secularnewsdaily.com/2010/02/christian-parents-biblically-beat-child-to-death-for-mispronouncing-word/ ) , yet the white supremacists will not see it this way . 
  the fact that you even compare this to breivik is frankly quite insulting to white people everywhere . 
  as much as i think she is evil , i 'm burying this story so the right wing nutjobs who frequently take over r/europe do n't get another platform to spout their hate . 
  what has one incredibly evil woman have to do with europe as a subject anyway ? 
  it 's irrelevant to the subreddit . 
  indeed , top gear . 
  but maybe a few seasons back .
