  like when russia moved from communism to capitalism , it impoverished a lot of people and people had to sell their belongings on the street . 
  the birth rate has only just started to stabilize after a long fall . 
  people called it the [ death of a nation ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1oyijtjdpo ) . 
  read [ `` the shock doctrine '' ] ( http://www.amazon.com/shock-doctrine-rise-disaster-capitalism/dp/0312427999 ) if you want more examples of countries with living standards that have rapidly fallen . 
  yes !, 
  apple crumble with hot custard !, 
  mmmmm ... 
  i view subsiding agriculture as importantly as subsidising a military . 
  if a world war broke out , you would not want hundreds of millions of people starving because you followed `` market principles '' . 
  if you 're going to bother with a military , you might as well fund food too . 
  i do n't think you can blame land price rises entirely on the cap . 
  land prices have been going up globally . 
  have you not heard of the country-sized land purchases by corporations in africa ? 
  [ yes minister has already stated this perfectly ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvrn-gkzvyi ), 
  [ this is why britain went into it ( 41 sec video ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvrn-gkzvyi ), 
  how can you assign a probability to something you have no knowledge of . 
  that 's like saying you do n't believe in parallel dimensions because you have n't seen any proof . 
  why put my money in a bank when it could go into london property ? 
  far less risky . 
  :-p / s, 
  much better to bank in england , where the govt will bend over and spread its cheeks for the international upper-class . 
  especially at the expense of its own population . 
  it 's a reasonable idea . 
  a lot of europe uses a system like that . 
  but the costs are generally higher . 
  market efficiency is a flat out lie . 
  if the history of privatisations has n't dissauded you , what will ? 
  are you really suggesting you have n't been negatively affected by them ? 
  britain is more like the texas of europe , rather than the canada . 
  sometimes i get so pissed off with british attitudes . 
  it makes me want britain to exit the eu , privatise everything , throw away all the rights and regulations guaranteed by the state . 
  then in the ensuing poverty and dismal conditions that follow , say `` you got what you wanted , do you like it ? '' . 
  it feels like a seriously uphill battle , talking about why the daily mail 's opinion is counter-productive . 
  i do n't feel like i fit in the uk . 
  the centre of paris is fine . 
  when i ventured out to some interesting market at the end of one of the tube lines , and started walking around , what i saw was shocking . 
  i have n't seen poverty like that outside of india . 
  people were wearing rags and selling tins of beans , obviously stolen car stereos , rags , anything they could find by the looks of it . 
  rubbish was blowing everywhere . 
  the french do n't seem to notice that on the outskirts of their capital is the worst of third-world poverty . 
  if it had n't been imposed everywhere else first , i doubt it would ever have been voted in . 
  switzerland were seen as backwards by then because they were n't in tune with the rest of europe . 
  the women could move across the border if they wanted a career . 
  i wonder how many were by that point ? 
  it was n't a holdout , it was one of the only places around to give guys a vote on whether they wanted to dilute their own power . 
  if you 'd like to explain how , it would make your comment useful . 
  think of it like giving women the vote . 
  it has to be imposed rather than voted on , because otherwise it would be shot down by the people who already have the power . 
  as an example , one of the last places in the world to give women the vote ( 1971 ) was [ switzerland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/women%27s_suffrage_in_switzerland ) - because the law had to be voted in . 
  and the people voting were only men , at that point . 
  arguably , company boards are even more powerful than democratic votes these days . 
  it 's important that society is represented on them . 
  yes , i do . 
  * sigh *, 
  unfortunately , the opinion of citizens does n't matter to the british state . 
  interesting response . 
  in britain the anti-eu sentiment is growing by the month . 
  i do n't know if anyone really knows what to do about the `` retarded siblings '' , but my feeling is that they will need to give up control or the eu will split up . 
  i feel if the us did n't go for full federalism , they would by now be a bunch of relatively umimportant countries like south america is these days . 
  i 've never thought of germany as underrepresented in the eu , more that they are the driver of most of the policies you see . 
  the fact that germany does n't get its way , even if it 's the `` right '' thing is more down to the fact that they are partners in europe rather than rulers of europe . 
  the individual states in the eu just do n't have the german mentality that is often proven right . 
  any country that wants its agenda to be taken seriously will have to pay more than it takes out . 
  that is one of the prices of leadership . 
  for the record , i think that german policies are often right , but austerity is not . 
  targeting tax avoidance and having a more controlled national borrowing scheme will help much more than stopping greek pensions for 6 months and 23 % official unemployment ever will . 
  obama introduced a decent healthcare bill , withdrew from iraq and a lot of other things . 
  he 's not what he promised to be , but he 's certainly better than bush was . 
  i know he has a lot of similar policies , but do you really think john mccain and sarah palin would have been similar to obama ? 
  i think having a retard in office will just mean dick cheney or one of his cronies is in power again . 
  i do n't know whether it would be good or bad for europe . 
  on the one hand , the mismanagement will sink the usa and europe may end up as the world 's superpower . 
  on the other hand , he may sink europe along with the usa . 
  the british news wildly misreports almost everything the eu does . 
  a brilliant analysis , well worth the read . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with backing the weaker economies ? 
  like other posts on reddit have shown , the weaker states in the us have a constant bailout from the richer northern states . 
  eastern germany has prospered from western germany 's money . 
  the problem is , enforcing tax collection and reducing the credit worthiness of those states . 
  this can only be achieved with a central government . 
  wow , i want some . 
  on the plus side , it was light until 10pm here in west norway today . 
  on the other plus side ( some would say negative ) there was a blizzard of snow . 
  before world war i we used to be called internationalists . 
  lets hope national borders can be dissolved so we do n't have to worry about war anymore . 
  well , national war at least . 
   what do you call a convertible lada ? 
  a skip  what do you call a lada at the top of a hill ? 
  a miracle . 
   what do you call several ladas at the top of a hill ? 
  a scrapheap  what 's the difference between a lada and a sheep ? 
  it 's less embarrassing being caught getting out the back of a sheep . 
   how do you know if your lada is environmental friendly ? 
  it does n't start . 
   how can you tell if your lada is of russian manufacture ? 
  it can run on vodka . 
   what 's the definition of an optimist ? 
  the owner of a lada with an alarm system . 
   why do ladas have heated rear windows ? 
  to keep your hands warm whilst pushing them .
