  the fact that we have better prospects than most of the eu means that there is something wrong with the way western capitalism works . 
  it 's more like [ 18yr olds stacking shelves and not being paid for it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/workfare_in_the_united_kingdom ) ( otherwise they starve ) , but things are going backwards in britain . 
  we 're not quite at the stage where we legalise child labour again , but given how many rights we 've lost i 'm not sure if that 's on the way . 
  unfortunately , i ca n't read the article because it 's behind a paywall . 
  i 'm sure wealth moved out because of a wealth tax . 
  that 's what tax havens are for . 
  there are plenty of billionaires in london , but they seem to be making things worse for us here . 
  i wish we could kick them out and tax their houses , which mostly stand empty . 
  i would be interested to hear how your trade moved to oslo , which also has a wealth tax and has large import taxes too . 
  their money is not going into the uk , it is going into tax havens . 
  london is one of the biggest tax havens of them all . 
  if you think any of our people will be better off , you 're having a laugh . 
  we 're kicking the poor onto the streets and reintroducing victorian workhouse conditions here . 
  and the idea of sweden 's wealthy moving to oslo is just so ridiculous i wonder where you got that sort of idea . 
  no , i 'm sure that money is all for ... 
  tropical fish , or something . 
  rich people would never try and shirk their responsibility to society , they are the job creators . 
  hah , the uk that will withdraw from the eu in 2017 ? 
  we 're doing our best to scare off investors . 
  we 've even told eastern europe to fuck off recently , and those guys always supported us !, 
  our entire economy rests on the london housing bubble and printing money . 
  is n't that exactly what 's wrong with our entire system ? 
  the only way you 're able to get resources for your idea is by persuading some civil servant like banker that your idea is good enough for them . 
  the banks do n't even lend a store of money any more . 
  they create that money out of thin air . 
  please tell me how the banks are doing * us * a service , rather than the other way around . 
  it seems to me that we do all the work , take all the risk and they get money plus interest for that . 
  be careful , they might be in a conspiracy to sap and impurify our precious bodily fluids ... 
  i find this an enjoyable article : http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2012/06/norways-housing-bubble-makes-ours-look-almost-cute-by-comparison/259020/ there have been some things happening since , like the outgoing government requiring a 15 % deposit , a warning from the imf about the scale of the problem , a retarded plan from the new government to prop prices up , and recently price falls for some apartments . 
  he was being sarcastic . 
  the norwegian bubble makes the us one that sank the banks look like a joke . 
  you really need to go to india and have a look at the conditions there . 
  i do n't think you realise the magnitude of the difference between there and here . 
  things are really , really shitty there . 
  i would far rather be one of the poorest in england than be middle class with servants in india . 
  newspapers which print david cameron 's words help promote stupidity . 
  that 's not even connected . 
  the uk has a shitty government , the eu does n't have a liberal opinion on intellectual property either . 
  anyone want to bet against it being voted down ? 
  the eu and the us wo n't like it . 
  it 's not * impossible * . 
  remember [ oliver cromwell ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oliver_cromwell ) . 
  it depends . 
  are you going to want a job when you get there ? 
  if so , make sure you get the job before you move - there is a huge unemployment problem there now . 
  i guess this is the same sort of intelligence that gave us `` weapons of mass destruction '' ready to use in 45minutes in iraq . 
  the most fucked up thing is how many people are killed because of a few incompetant people with power . 
  government intelligence is an oxymoron . 
  there have been standpipes in the street several times after privatisation . 
  especially after resevoirs were sold off for housing . 
  water bills have become crazy and profits are massive . 
  just another way to fleece the population . 
  also , i do n't know what you mean about feeding the world several times over , since there are still people starving in the world . 
  perhaps you mean that it 's better when the starving is more widely distributed ? 
  lots of people starved in africa recently when the [ financial markets decided to do a bit of speculation on food prices . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/goldman-bankers-get-rich-betting-on-food-prices-as-millions-starve-8459207.html ), 
  why the hell would we want our food supply run as a commercial business ? 
  my priorities for food are that there is enough ( which the subsidy helps with ) and that the quality is good ( which regulation helps with ) . 
  food is the single most important thing that our countries have . 
  do you remember what happened when we started treating our transport , water and power supply as a commercial business ? 
  prices up , govt subsidies up , quality down and profits for the rich up . 
  food is too important to be left to the unreliable market . 
  given the history of uk privatisations , why would you be supporting more of them ? 
  i do n't know how it works in spain or norway , but i do know that in the uk land is not taxed by default . 
  you can own a large tract of land , extract anything you want from it ( or just leave it unused ) and not pay anyone anything . 
  this probably sounds wrong to you , as you 're from wonderful socialist norway . 
  but then you did n't go through feudalism the same way we did . 
  the big landowners own the country , and the constitution is there to protect * them * . 
  i did n't cheer when bin laden died , i also did n't cheer when thatcher died . 
  sorry , thinking too much about property again . 
  it 's an english obsession . 
  that , and saying `` sorry '' without meaning it . 
  i was referring to canada , australia , singapore , a variety of carribean islands , cyprus , there are others but they do n't spring to mind . 
  of course , the end of the empire was also full of blood in other places , but you ca n't argue that it is inevitable . 
  unless you 're talking about the great uk-australia war of the 1960s ? 
  large parts of the british empire have withdrawn in a bloodless manor . 
  the latest possibly being scotland . 
  of course , the americans had to be different ;-), 
  even more if you count gibralter :-), 
  the reason for the insane amount of houses built in spain is because they really did want to become europe 's florida . 
  has n't really worked out so far . 
  well that 's pretty crazy . 
  a good way to break a market . 
  of course , it could be the other way like in london . 
  practically no regulation so rents are sky-high and landlords have all the power . 
  most people just rent rooms in shared houses now . 
  you ca n't raise a family in a rented home - you can be kicked out in one month . 
  i do n't get it , what are you waiting for ? 
  state provided housing ? 
  you do realise that 's a total luxury , do n't you ? 
   the descriptions within the prince have the general theme of accepting that the aims of princes -- such as glory and survival -- can justify the use of immoral means to achieve those ends . 
  the prince basically said that 's it 's ok to be a complete bastard if it means that you hold on to your power . 
  but a lot of people think that it was a satire . 
  it depends on whether the money can create something that betters the citizen 's standard of life . 
  if that money is spent building renewable energy , and the debt has a decent interest rate , then yeah it will . 
  it 'd be more money in my pocket than the extortionate energy companies at the moment . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  when will austerity end ? 
  when will it end ? 
  most governments seem to be suggesting it will end when recovery comes .
