it 's socialist to give massive amounts of wealth from the poor to the super-rich ? 
  move over marx , we have a philosopher here !, 
  meego has the most horrible ui i 've ever seen on an operating system . 
  they should have thought about the most important aspect of modern phone oses - apps . 
  one of the reason windows phones are doing so badly is because noone wants to write apps for it . 
  did you never learn french in school ? 
  i thought everyone knew what `` salope '' meant :-) i 'll give you a hint - type it into google images ** ( nsfw !, 
  london is interesting if you do n't want to start a family . 
  otherwise the average house price of $ 630,000 and kindergarten price of $ 1900/month start to hit you . 
  you 'd be mad to live in london if you 're thinking of having a family . 
  it 's for recent graduates and the super rich . 
  my comment was rather tongue in cheek , but i counted hitler , napoleon and the catholic church ( with the spanish armada ) . 
  not completely sure you could say that the anglo-spanish war of the 1500s was a united europe , but the pope had quite a lot of power back then . 
  i 'm sure there were plenty of smaller wars in-between . 
  the last people to successfully do that were 3rd generation vikings in 1066 . 
  also , the last 3 times a unified europe went against the uk , europe lost . 
  this sort of plan wo n't work well for europe . 
  going against the uk militarily is like trying to invade russia in winter . 
  people talk about how high taxes are in norway with their social system . 
  i pay the same taxes as the uk on the same income . 
  taxes in the uk are pretty high for the employee - check a uk employee tax calculator vs any other country , you 'll find the uk expensive . 
  when you combine that with the lack of subsidised services that you would get in those countries ( like childcare , rail , housing ) and it 's even more expensive . 
  ever since i moved abroad , i feel like my standard of living has increased massively . 
  what 's wrong with working with machines ? 
  that 's far more productive than without . 
  only if you do n't account for the fact that there will be noone to replace them in the workforce when they get older . 
  this is becoming a huge problem in advanced economies . 
  well perhaps you can stop blaming the 1947 planning act , and we can all walk off into the sunset , with no blame shared by anyone . 
  of course , why would i expect the thatcherite governments that followed to do any different ? 
  blair freely admitted that he was thatcherite . 
  and i 'm pretty sure it does make sense to blame an organisation that caused the negative effects for those negative effects . 
  no doubt . 
  the planning laws are clearly too harsh . 
  they were designed with the idea that the government would supply enough houses for everyone , while allowing a bit of private development too . 
  what the tories were thinking with abolishing council building in 1979 without repealing the 1947 planning act , i have no idea . 
  they must have known that a housing crisis would be a certainty . 
  with 30 years of price rises first !, 
  the free market has failed for housing in london . 
  the government needs to step in and build . 
  interesting . 
  how are land values in denmark ? 
  surely building a house would become a good option then ? 
  / r/europe made it , but not / r/europecirclejerk ? 
  that place does n't get enough love ... 
  heh , if you want a taste of expensive rents then you should look at london 's . 
  norway 's rents are nice and cheap in comparison . 
  and when you look at the rents , add in # 150/month council tax ( for an average flat - more for a house ) , # 80/month water bill and double the cost of the electricity bill . 
  plus add on ~ # 100-200 of estate agent fees per year and multiply your monthly travel card bill by 4x . 
  damn i 'm glad i left london . 
  man , that guy is all kinds of delusional . 
  i wonder if he has ever travelled outside of norway . 
  it sounds like he has no idea how tha majority of people live . 
  our schools pay anyone who wants to start one , and allow them to pretty much teach what they want . 
  it 's the great right wing idea of `` freedom '' . 
  of course , with freedom comes the freedom to fuck things up for a generation of children . 
  why has n't this been an issue in the last 800 years ? 
  what is so different now ? 
  what if the evidence is clearly wrong and they get life imprisonment ? 
  we will never know . 
  your speculation is just as valid as mine . 
  but we will never know all the same . 
  are you happy with people going to prison without knowing what it is that they did wrong ? 
  these people might be absolute bastards . 
  but they might be completely innocent . 
  how the hell would we know ? 
  terrorism has come to mean `` anything against the state '' . 
  as we have seen in the past decade or so that the meaning of the word has changed , and these people could be charged with doing absolutely anything . 
  only we 're not allowed to know . 
  when we are not allowed to know what people are charged with when they go to jail , that 's not a society of the people , that is a society of the ruling class imposing their will . 
  your comment was a bit of a damp squid, 
  the danish should count themselves lucky . 
  plenty of foreign `` investment '' is coming into london , which is driving our property and rent prices up to levels causing mass poverty . 
  we have also sold most of our utilities and services to foreign companies , meaning the price of those has skyrocketed so that they can gouge us and give cheaper prices to their domestic market ( looking at you , france !, 
  ;-) the only foreign investment i can think of that benefits us is manufacturers that export cars . 
  and we 're about to scare those away by threatening to leave the eu . 
  in conclusion : fuck foreign investment . 
  well they ca n't , they 're not members of the eu . 
  look at the emigration rate if you do n't believe me , it 's sky high for poland . 
  the result of polish people moving abroad and sending money/moving back to their home . 
  ukrainian citizens ca n't do that . 
  depends if it goes to referendum . 
  every person i speak to seems to be anti eu . 
  people will believe whatever the papers tell them to . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/10604117  understanding unemployment :  a person is classed as unemployed if not only out of work , but also actively looking for work and available to start work within a fortnight so all of those people are looking for work and are ready to start . 
  the vacancies are going up , but i have never seen the vacancies get near the unemployment figure in my lifetime . 
  there are over a million people alone on jobseekers benefits ( i.e. 
  desperate ) which is double the number of national vacancies !, 
  it is not incredibly easy to get a job . 
  you are peddling a myth . 
  like i said , [ even jobs at coffee shops are fought over very hard these days ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/retailandconsumer/9881606/desperate-1701-fight-for-eight-costa-jobs.html ), 
  lets do the maths on the figures you have given . 
  570000 vacancies . 
  2200000 unemployed and looking for work . 
  that means there are over 1.5 million people who , by very definition , are not able to get work even if they were willing to move anywhere in the country . 
  so your rhetoric of `` they can just get a job '' just does n't add up . 
  no , they ca n't get a job because there are not enough jobs . 
  we have 7 % unemployed . 
  when coffee shops advertise for staff in some places they get over 1000 applicants . 
  you may be advocating the socialist idea of full employment , but we 're far from that right now . 
  i * wish * it were the case that anyone could have a job if they wanted to .
