  except for switching away from power generation that will turn bits of the planet into deserts . 
  i would gladly replace every one of these people with a refugee . 
  send them off to syria if they 're so intent on fighting . 
  they have no place in a society i want to live in . 
  that has a really nice ring to it . 
  i thought that it 's hard to get a perspective without experiencing another culture . 
  i 'm not basing my judgement on brexit , i emigrated before it . 
  basing it on the decades of my life in london . 
  perhaps it 's a london thing , but i 've seen lots of people just turn on each other or drop friends for no reason . 
  i rarely see people helping others , or even talking to others . 
  everyone on the tube acts like a bastard , seen quite a few acts of anger and frustration . 
  as an anecdote , i remember moving to a new flat block , and thought i would knock on my neighbours doors to introduce myself . 
  not one opened their door , and it was obvious they were home . 
  what other culture would act in this way ? 
  i 've never felt a sense of community in my entire life . 
  i think the overarching idea of politeness is to blame . 
  no-one can be honest with each other and clear the air - instead there is a fake smile with indifference or hatred behind it . 
  if people were allowed to be honest and impolite , they might realise that the way they think of others causes problems . 
  i 'm getting this more from the people i met through my life than the internet . 
  do you know how many times i 've heard friends say `` i do n't like people '' ? 
  just out of interest , have you lived for an extended time abroad so you have something to compare things to ? 
  [ you do lose all of your welfare , not just 40 % ( check under when payment can be stopped ) ] ( https://www.gov.uk/jobseekers-allowance/further-information ) . 
  that means no food . 
  and plenty of illegitimate decisions have been made , as the benefits officers have targets and claimants have little legal recourse . 
  also , if evictions take 2 months that just means you will see the homelessness 2 months later . 
  it does n't mean the problem disappears . 
  [ the bedroom tax did cause a huge rise in homelessness ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/homeless-crisis-shocking-figures-reveal-5101400 ), 
  as for the past 6 years , people have been attributing the hunger epidemic to benefit sanctions . 
  it makes sense really . 
  if you take the people who have no money who are dependent on welfare to eat , and then take away their welfare ... what are they going to do to eat . 
  i 'm very surprised you have n't been hearing about this . 
  what media do you read ? 
  the second article does n't have exact consequences because that particular cut is next week . 
  if you live in london , i 'm sure you will be seeing them on your high street soon . 
  i 'm sure you will dismiss these arguments though , because it appears you will disbelieve me no matter what i say . 
  after all , if a bbc article about nhs figures is n't believed ... 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-34777348 and http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/more-than-300000-children-will-be-hit-by-a-new-benefits-cap-next-week-theresa-may-george-osborne-a7389736.html but of course , these sorts of things are impossible in a place like britain , right ? 
  they are , but now there is a cap . 
  and that is the problem . 
  yeah , but you do n't just get given that money . 
  the vast bulk of that is earmarked for rent and based on 10 % under the average for the area , so generally not many people get even close to that - especially in the north . 
  the ones that are affected are in the south , they are the ones that will be homeless . 
  not sure if you 've ever moved , but it costs money . 
  i 'm fine with people moving out of london , and i think the government should encourage it by helping people to move . 
  but not by making them homeless . 
  if you 'd read more than the first 2 lines of what i said , i would n't have to repeat myself now . 
  no , the benefit cap is a consequence of the anger and bitterness . 
  20 odd grand is not much for a family to survive on in london , when you consider that the vast majority of that is going to some dodgy landlord . 
  i would even be ok with the poorer being moved out of london , as long as they were given help to do it - but just throwing people into homelessness is heartless . 
  no doubt . 
  what happened to greece was really fucked up . 
  britons are generally angry and bitter people . 
  you wo n't realise it until you 've lived there for many years because there is a thick veneer of politeness . 
  this is an advanced economy where benefit cuts mean that thousands of people end up in hospital from starvation . 
  just now , housing benefits are being cut which means 100,000 families with 300,000 children will most likely go homeless . 
  it 's easy for `` sorry '' to be meant spitefully . 
  just imagine that . 
  very much so . 
  there 's no meaning in life , then . 
  house prices are supposed to be max 5 times your combined income to get a mortgage . 
  are you telling me that a low household income in a german village is about 130,000 eur a year ? 
  no wonder everyone wants to move there . 
  they would n't be able to if i had my own house . 
  to be clear , the main problem is housing costs caused by a combination of easy finance , foreigners parking their money , a massive increase in immigrants , the rise of a super rich class and a lack of new housing being built . 
  it 's not possible for any normal person to buy a house in london now , unless their parents are rich . 
  i did take advantage of the rising economy , i was earning in the top 10 % of household incomes in britain - but even that was n't enough to buy a house . 
  do you understand just how high the prices have risen when that is the situation ? 
  the * average * london house price is now 650,000 eur . 
  the rising economy has caused massive problems for the city . 
  overcrowded slums are rising everywhere , inequality and extreme poverty on the increase , transport networks are full to bursting and the streets are full , home ownership has dropped to less than 50 % , and ( if it means anything ) the culture of the city has changed . 
  frankly , i think london 's `` success '' has made it a disaster . 
  when people talk about `` success '' they are saying that a few people are making a lot of money , but to imply that the majority of people are benefiting is just ignorance of the situation . 
  i think you would need to be quite desperate to consider lowering your living standards to move to what london has become - either that or already a multi-millionaire . 
  i 'm not sure you 're getting the point of the conversation . 
  the comment i 'm replying to is saying `` surely a worse economy is a bad thing '' . 
  and i said `` not if a worse economy lets me live where i grew up '' . 
  although i am doing much better away from london , i do not have roots here . 
  frankly , i could n't give a shit if the economy tanked if it meant i could afford a pint and live in the place i grew up . 
  there are more important things in the world than having a lot of money . 
   there are plenty of other places that you can go and live . 
  that 's exactly the problem i was trying to address !, 
  i had to move . 
  london is no longer operated in the interests of its residents . 
  as someone from london , i do wonder whether these bankers are more trouble than they are worth . 
  house prices are so expensive that i have ended up moving away . 
  the london of the 80s and 90s was a bit more dirty , quite a bit poorer , but it was n't crowded or expensive or ( as ) full of bastards who treat you like a cash machine . 
  if i had the choice of living in 1990 london or today 's , i would choose 1990 . 
  it 's lovely that london is so successful , but that success made my life a hell of a lot harder as a resident . 
  i commiserate the poor city that all these people move to , and i think it will be good for london to be rid of them . 
  i completely agree with you that [ land value tax ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/land_value_tax ) is probably the most effective tax for our age . 
  i 'm not sure about the us , but the eu in particular is really cracking down on the paper business headquarters - so it is not so easy . 
  it 's also a hell of a lot easier to crack down on corporate tax avoidance than it is with individuals , which is why i still think corporate tax is more effective than individual income taxes . 
  wo n't that cause exactly the same problem , but instead of corporations moving overseas , individuals will ? 
  all taxes are currently in a race to the bottom worldwide . 
  at some point it will become necessary to harmonise tax policy all over the western world , or perhaps even the entire world . 
  pretty sure the idea is that the countries are stronger if they are in the same bloc . 
  look at the usa - the southern states would be third-world level poor if each state was a country . 
  i guess if you exclude second world nations from the mix you are left with 1930s germany and 1950s argentina . 
  both of which led to brutal dictators . 
  it happens a lot .
