  it will work for arabs if the remaining saxon population decide not to have lots of children . 
  what 's the problem with that though ? 
  you want a large family , nothing is stopping you . 
  the saxons have pretty much taken over the world in the last 2 centuries anyway . 
  besides , if it 's sheer numbers you 're talking about - you should be thinking more about chinese and indians . 
  carving knives are primarily used for carving meat . 
  guns are primarily used to kill things . 
  i can understand owning a gun in the countryside , where there are things walking around to kill , but do you understand how silly * your * argument sounds ? 
  people need to carve meat more often than they need to kill , in a society that is mostly living in cities . 
  i 'd say there 's a pretty pressing legitimate need to own a carving knife , compared to a gun . 
  the reason guns are restricted and swords are not is because you can kill a couple of orders of magnitude more people with an automatic gun than with a sword . 
  taking this to an extreme , is it ok to, 
  are you kidding ? 
  it was snowing here in the west of norway this morning . 
  surely everyone loves snow ? 
  i 'm guessing you have n't took a plane the length of norway before . 
  it 's all mountains . 
  what i 'm saying , is that if what you say is true ( i.e. 
  the state really owns the resource ) then there should be no problem . 
  my point was that the state does n't * in practice * own it if it has sold the rights , in the way that the queen does n't * in practice * own your house . 
  the state did n't own it , and they have shortchanged investers by re-nationalising . 
  i did n't forget it , my point just was n't clear enough . 
  technically , the queen owns all the land in britain . 
  our property rights are just pieces of paper saying we 're allowed to use it for now . 
  control of a resource means the right to use it . 
  if the argentine state really owns this oil , there should be no problem whatsoever in it taking back the right to exploit it if the private company is n't using it wisely . 
  i guess you 've never heard of blackwater/xe . 
  or any mercinaries in the long history of privatised war . 
  or the british east india company . 
  or any of the commercially related assasinations in the third world . 
  the only reason the private sector does n't use force is because the state does n't allow it to . 
  a modern form of colonisation is buying foreign infrastructure at knock down prices and sending the profits for its use back to the home country ( or more likely a group of rich citizens in that country ) . 
  quite often these are things that citizens really require ( water , farm land , electricity , oil ) , prices are jacked up making everyone poorer , and economic development in that country hindered . 
  argentina is already screwed because of their long history of economic incompetence . 
  there are practically no more ways for them to be punished . 
  the private community should have known what they were getting into when they bought that company !, 
  besides , they were bought up in a time when privatisation of very important national assets was happening everywhere for knock down prices . 
  i consider that a modern form of colonialisation . 
  is it really any surprise that oil companies are being re-nationalised everywhere ? 
  do you think russia would be stronger with a private gazprom ? 
  now i see why they are desperate to annex the fawkland islands ( and their oilfields ) . 
  i was there two weeks ago , buenos aires was plastered in posters about the `` malvinas '' and all the newspapers and kiosks were filled with them . 
  i even saw a rally about them ( 30 year anniversary since the last war ) . 
  if the argentinians are stupid enough , they could start another war . 
  apart from that , i see nothing wrong whatsoever with nationalising oil fields . 
  it 's criminal that such important resources could be in private hands . 
  who knows , really ? 
  what do you do with a country like greece , who has been in default for 50 % of the time since their independence in 1822 ? 
  the eu could become even closer , with a central government allocating all the future debt of the eu . 
  the `` give unlimited debt to everyone '' model , both civilian and national , does n't work . 
  but it would ruin the loose nature of the union which makes other countries want to join it . 
  and it will certainly mean that peripheral countries with their own currencies like the uk and sweden will eventually want to exit . 
  i 'm a british european federalist currently in norway !, 
  this damn brussels bureaucracy !, 
  simplify things and removing red tape ... 
  wait ... 
  britain in the mid 1800s . 
  david cameron is viewed as a progressive because he fights against the xenophobic fringe on the right . 
  if he was openly anti-muslim , there 's no way they would be in government now . 
  but the party does have its share of loonies . 
  exactly . 
  and the tea party makes even the republicans look sane . 
  our government may be dismantling our country to sell it off to their friends and stand for pretty much everything i am against , but they are not basing a good portion of their votes on anti-muslim sentiment . 
  the parties who support this sort of thing in the uk are considered nazi , and rarely get any of the popular vote . 
  that 's what i was implying . 
  to all the people downvoting on the racist gutter press , we have one too in the uk . 
  that 's probably because norway has a racist gutter press ( vg and dagbladet ) and because norwegians are usually distrustful of foreigners . 
  as soon as i heard about the terrorist , i knew it would be a nazi even though our agencies suspected al quaida . 
  anyone arguing back - want to explain about the frp and the large share of its vote ? 
  edit : [ how well timed for this article to come up in r/norge ? 
  ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2011/08/201182984256236502.html ), 
  biofuels are the most retarded idea ever . 
  i 've always thought that it 's because the uk governments have been governing the uk down the toilet for years , and the scots would like to keep their nhs , free universities , etc , etc. 
  i do n't blame them for thinking they could govern better themselves . 
  i guess you 'd know more about that than me - i have no experience with scotland or wales !, 
  this is deep rooted for the british . 
  i remember taking a tour of berlin in 2003 and i was the only british on the tour apart from our guide ( who happened to be from romford ) . 
  he was explaining to the people in our group that the british are still at war with the germans . 
  it 's true - all through my childhood i 've watched war movies and tv series against the evil nazis , heard people chanting `` two world wars and one world cup '' - i even know someone who swears she will never go to germany because of what happened in the 1940s . 
  she was born 40 years after the war ended ( she happens to be from jewish descent , but still ) . 
  i sometimes wonder if it 's because britain won the war , it has never been able to let it go . 
  there 's so little patriotism in the uk , it was probably the last thing everyone was really proud of - especially because the dismantling of the empire was an almost direct consequence . 
  personally , i have no ill will towards the germans . 
  ahh , the daily fail . 
  it 's really not surprising coming for them . 
  even more unsurprising was their decision to support the fascists before the second world war made it slightly unpopular . 
  even then , that 's forgetting the romans and the vikings . 
  we are a nation of mongrels . 
  i suppose the people who were here most originally were the welsh . 
  there 's no satire in our papers . 
  they are generally raving right wing and owned by the corporate classes . 
  for satire you need to watch the bbc , as that is a state institution , or read things like private eye or viz . 
  interesting that the figures say that , the ones i 've looked at say that portugal is the only one of those that exceeds the uk . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_income_equality i wonder which set of figures are right ? 
  i 'm not surprised there is anti-british sentiment in this subreddit , since anti-europe sentiment is rife in the uk . 
  i do n't agree with either , but i stand by my statements . 
  help the people around you ? 
  pay your fair share so other people do n't lose out ? 
  oh yes , i 'm sure they 're thrilled at the prospect of their currency collapsing . 
  btw - it took several years last time for quantitive easing to turn into hyperinflation , so do n't brag about who 's got the right plan yet .
