  the specials where they drove to the north pole and across vietnam are amazing . 
  the india special was incredibly shit . 
  the it crowd is definitely worth a watch . 
  ahh , beautiful hatred . 
  it 'll solve everything , right ? 
  and not lead to death , destruction and suffering ? 
  i thought there was a council of old men somewhere that decided the usage of the french language ? 
  - sent from my ordinateur, 
  we in the uk have an economy that is built on banking fraud and insane london house prices - we do n't really have the high ground here . 
  [ every sperm is sacred ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fusplvstpbk ) seriously though , this is the reason why there is peace in northern ireland . 
  the republic realised they would win the population battle and eventually the north would vote to reunite . 
  if there is a law of the strongest it 's that tolerent open societies beat closed racist ones . 
  can you not see that the west rules by trade ? 
  they were n't centre stage . 
  except for the [ giant tree ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conservative_party_%28uk%29#/media/file:conservative_logo_2006.svg ) they had in the centre of the stage . 
  unless they had it there ironically . 
   hard core leftist milton friedman that made me twitch . 
  nice sarcasm :-) great analysis of the article . 
  i get the feeling that a small country that is based on mainly tourism and agriculture is n't going to be magically be able to pay its debts by becoming even more liberally capitalist . 
  it seems pretty clear that the only solution is default , permanent bailouts like america 's southern states or leaving the euro . 
  norway is ~ 35 % cheaper to run than it was a year ago in euro terms , purely because of the oil price changes . 
  * that * is why norway will not end up like greece . 
  norway is building a pretty good tech sector . 
  source : employed in the norwegian tech sector . 
  money can be printed . 
  it 's just a token people use for exchanging goods . 
  when greece defaults it will just make outside goods more expensive . 
  things will probably be better for them . 
  none of which was done by the current government . 
  most of the money went straight to the top . 
  if you want to punish people , look to goldman sachs for hiding the debt , previous governments for overspending and the people who got terribly rich from that situation . 
  do you know how much your current government is in debt and spending ? 
  do you know if your economy is based sustainably ? 
  even if you do , how much influence do you have over that government ? 
  in the uk , the majority of the population has almost no say in what a government does once it 's elected . 
  it 's mad to collectively punish an entire population based on its past governments . 
  but the `` cancer '' ( debt ) keeps growing . 
  so if greece is undergoing chemotherapy , it 's not working . 
  it was my impression that greece was willing to make quite a lot of concessions and a new tax regime as long as austerity was reigned back . 
  greece has been following austerity for a long time . 
  massive wage cuts , benefit cuts , public spending cuts . 
  it has just been killing the economy more than helping it . 
  tell me , if a patient is prescribed medicine which then makes them more sick , are they wise to follow a doctor who tells them to take more ? 
  the eu only has itself to blame for this - the economists who suggest austerity is the answer are wrong . 
  you can not pay off debt in a shrinking economy . 
  i quite liked austria 's version of `` hey jude '' . 
  i could n't find a decent way to get a bbc feed from abroad this year . 
  i must invest in a uk vpn for next - taking the piss out of foreigners is the best ( especially when you are a foreigner ) . 
  they are great ... for 3 months of the year, 
  he sounds really quite impressive . 
  with none of the tarnish of the blair era . 
  [ from his wikipedia  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dan_jarvis )  jarvis spoke in a debate about nhs reforms in may 2011 , paying emotional tribute to the doctors and nurses who cared for his wife , and fearing an ideological free-market agenda which would undermine `` all that is great about the nhs '' . 
  not bad . 
  [ great voting record too . 
  ] ( http://www.theyworkforyou.com/mp/25067/dan_jarvis/barnsley_central/votes ) get him into office !, 
  while i agree with you , peaceful protests rarely get much corporate media coverage . 
  would we be discussing this now , otherwise ? 
   actually , economists are pretty confident that the optimal corporate tax rate for a company is 0 % of course the optimal corporate tax for a corporation is 0 % . 
  the optimal income tax for me is also 0 % . 
  however what taxes do is benefit the whole of society by educating its workforce , building and maintaining transport , running institutions like the justice system and protecting places from invasion . 
  if you 're trying to say that corporation taxes dampen the economy , how do you explain both record profits and corporate warchests and the fact that average income is stagnant and investment and growth is flat ? 
  this argument is like like denying the moon landings whilst landed on the moon . 
   but there are reasonable areas where things absolutely should be privatized . 
  i have to admit , acta getting shot down was a surprise . 
  that was leaked beforehand though , and only widespread campaigns against it managed to shut it down . 
  ttip has not been leaked . 
  i agree here too . 
  i wo n't be arguing for supermarkets to be nationalised any time soon . 
  but the current world policy really does seem to be `` privatise all the things '' even when the national institution is relatively well run , and even when the public is overwhelmingly against the idea . 
  i wo n't get into the argument over whether privatisation is the best here because we will clearly disagree . 
  my point is , the will of the people does not factor into politicians decisions when corporate interests are concerned . 
   some members of the public will agree with what you view as the ` corporate ' side . 
  other corporations might agree with the ` public ' side . 
  it 's silly to put them into two monolithic entities . 
  but neither of them will have any influence on the decision , because it is secret . 
  only politicians who are very well known to be pro-corporate . 
  one instance where the interests are opposed are taxes . 
  corporations do not want to pay taxes . 
  average people rely on services provided by taxes . 
  another instance is privatisation . 
  corporations are very interested in government services being privatised , as they can profit . 
  privatisation of the health system and schools are not going well in the uk , and a majority of people even want the railways renationalised , but that is not going to happen because democratic opinion does n't matter when it is opposed to business interests . 
  another is immigration . 
  business is always pro immigration as it allows labour costs to fall and people to move to where the work is . 
  now i 'm not saying that immigration should be stopped , only that business always gets what it wants . 
  the top comment talked about how companies are fighting against climate change legislation , that is absolutely valid . 
  there are plenty more places that are opposed if you want me to continue . 
  absolutely , and i agree with that . 
  however that was not my argument . 
  i stated that their plans for switching away from fossil fuels are a good part of their policies . 
  how is that straw man ? 
  i heard he does n't hold up too much in the wind . 
  while this is a nice theory , it relies on a premise i feel is absolutely false . 
   alleviate their domestic constituents demands this is the problem . 
  is there a citizen in europe who believes their politicians are working of behalf of the common people ? 
  quite clearly , politicians on both sides of the atlantic have been captured by monied interests and are working for them , against the will of the people . 
  this alone means that it 's a really bad idea to make the negotiations secret . 
  as if our democracies are n't opaque enough - huge treaties that affect all of our lives are being created , and there 's no way for average people to influence them until they 're already agreed . 
  do you really trust the elected politicians to put citizens concerns above corporations ? 
  what is the basis for that trust ?
