damn , one character emoticons . 
  german efficiency strikes again . 
  it 's correct if a bit awkward . 
  `` fall '' is being used to mean `` decline '' . 
  to be fair , this is probably partially due to to the fact that those predate the modern german state . 
  when you want to teach `` german '' history before the late 19th century you have to figure out which events/people actually came out of modern-day austria and the eastern parts of prussia and decide whether or not to include those , and it gets a bit messy . 
  it 's also worth noting that , at least in the us , our historical education is generally limited to a narrow , whitewashed history of our own country , and while the ancestors of modern germans made huge contributions to art and culture , those did n't have as obvious and direct an impact on our nation 's history as the world wars did . 
  poland ? 
  more like coaland . 
  a language that no longer receives first priority anywhere goes from being a pillar of culture to a novelty . 
  that really should be illegal . 
   no doubt some reactionary voters who go with afd , pvv , fn , etc. 
  will see the disaster that has been the trump presidency so far and have second thoughts . 
  a few maybe , but i think you may be underestimating how far most populist voters have their heads up their asses . 
  if , for example , le pen 's fake jobs scandal has n't meaningfully harmed her bid for the election , i doubt anything trump does would either . 
  and likely hypocritical as well . 
  no kidding . 
  any chance we could have the loser ? 
  is n't it mostly older people supporting fillon and le pen ? 
   and with them in the government , i do n't really expect any significant changes to pass , unfortunately . 
  they 're opposed to civil unions as well ? 
  what do you think your alternatives are ? 
  why is it that when a white supremacist shoots a bunch of people it tends to be viewed as an isolated incident , but when a muslim extremist kills people somehow islam is to blame ? 
  where was all this widespread fear back when it was mostly white people doing the killing ? 
  it also allows the media to play to the latent xenophobia of the masses when the attacks are perpetrated by people from a different culture/religion . 
  adequate britain, 
  the romanians have an emotionally-charged national issue to deal with , and the frequency of their protests results from a sense or urgency that pro-eu demonstrations generally are n't going to inspire . 
  technically it 's the state 's bed . 
  at least that 's what they 've been telling me . 
  the point is to reduce the incentive to replace human workers with machines . 
  though handing repetitive manufacturing tasks over to robots is probably in everyone 's best interest in the long run , there 's something to be said for making sure the social infrastructure is there to support a populace facing massive layoffs before fully embracing automation . 
  whether or not it would ultimately prove beneficial i ca n't say , but at the very least i applaud his efforts to address an under-discussed issue . 
  from the wording , it sounds like the tax would apply to any wealth created by machines , though i share your concerns that that will be difficult to quantify in many cases . 
  the threshold for being dark red is also pretty low by urban standards . 
  madrid has more than 10 times the density required to fall into the highest bracket . 
  what 's wrong with effectively taxing corporations for using technology that reduces job availability ? 
  a ubi will likely become necessary at some point to prevent people from starving to death because they ca n't find work , and you have to pay for it somehow . 
  it 's important to note that large parts of texas have basically nothing in them . 
  the way things are going , we 're going to make for a really shitty country in general . 
  probably around cyprus if the second part of [ this poll ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/1651/gay-lesbian-rights.aspx ) is anything to go by . 
  granted i 've never been there , but i get the impression that bavaria is a bit like the texas of germany . 
   it 's not an equality issue it 's a child protection issue and until it is clearly scientifically proven that children get the optimal circumstances from their adoption i see no need to change it . 
  the thing is , being adopted by merely adequate parents beats the hell out of living in an orphanage . 
  it was n't just the execution , the ban was completely unwarranted . 
  the us is n't flooded with muslim immigrants like much of europe is . 
  if anything we should be doing our part to help shoulder the refugee burden . 
  are you sure ? 
  they do n't sound the same . 
  damn , pretty spot-on trump impression . 
  source ? 
  the problem is that then people most in need government assistance end up having no say in government . 
  wow , thanks for the extensive report . 
  i do n't understand the outrage , it 's not like being able to understand advertisements improves your quality of life . 
  the only real conclusion to be drawn here is that corporations believe there are enough ukrainians in poland to warrant advertising to them specifically . 
  is it really rising , or are people just being more open about it now that it 's no longer forbidden ? 
  bleak is a pretty strong word . 
  i 'm not religious myself , but i disagree with the assertion that religion is inherently a bad thing as long as people are willing to examine their beliefs and consider new ideas . 
  i have several friends are religious and still hold progressive views . 
  i admire your commitment to holding politicians accountable . 
  good luck and stay safe , friends . 
  it 's much easier to pander to the supposed will of the people when you can tell them what they want to hear without being contradicted . 
  it seems to me that there are considerable advantages to having a degree of national sovereignty . 
  one of the problems we have here is that our diverse voter base gives politicians increased incentive to cater to the lowest common denominator . 
  you know the government is corrupt when even darth vader is out protesting against them . 
  white supremacists have killed more people in america in the past 15 years than muslim extremists have . 
  yours is definitely one of the best , i also like the german one . 
  the belgians ' video got weird . 
  trump is a useful idiot for the white supremacists/nationalists in his cabinet . 
  steve bannon has been quoted referring to trump as a [ `` blunt instrument '' . 
  ] ( http://www.gq.com/story/donald-trump-is-just-a-puppet-steve-bannon-is-president ), 
  also part of why it 's so damn hard to drive the mako . 
  you 're correct in the sense that they probably wo n't make any major changes to the constitution , but if they keep consolidating power and inciting muslims they 'll likely get to a point where they can just ignore it entirely . 
  so yes , the legality of such a transition is questionable , but there 's definitely reason to be concerned . 
  what he 's describing is already happening . 
  this administration has been rooting out dissent since day 1 . 
  [ i am . 
  ] ( https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--wmhtnyj6--/c_scale,f_auto,fl_progressive,q_80,w_800/18tnma3jlc5ppgif.gif ), 
  that 's a reflection of the sometimes disturbing level of loyalty that populist candidates tend to inspire . 
  is it still a reasonable certainty that he 's going to be the representative of lr ? 
  i 'd heard talk about him possibly stepping down or being replaced . 
  according to the last paragraph , she 's being taken to court by an eu anti-fraud agency to determine whether `` other sanctions '' should be imposed . 
  the most influential political party just changed the law to protect its members from corruption charges . 
  good luck out there guys . 
  it would be suicide for the uk to both snub us leadership ( however deserving it may be ) and leave the eu within the span of less than two months . 
  the petition was started as a protest moreso than to actually prevent trump 's visit . 
  i do n't know man , we fucked up pretty bad . 
  it 's not so much a matter of changing opinion as one of not being able to know how you 'd react if such a vague scenario became a reality . 
  `` would you fight ... ? '', 
  leaves a lot open to interpretation - is it a fight to defend your country or an intervention in foreign affairs ? 
  i would n't say it 's useless , but it 's more like an index of perceived threat to people 's way of life ( with an element of patriotism thrown in ) than anything . 
  washing your hands after using the bathroom seems like one of those fancy european things . 
   if this is true it 's messed up . 
  granted buzzfeed is n't the most reliable source , but at this point there are plenty of rabid trump supporters with nothing better to do . 
  the problem with letting people vote in a populist movement is that they may not get the chance to vote them out . 
  ironically that sounds like something trump himself might say about a foreign politician . 
  putin . 
  probably people with friends or family here . 
  he 's still extremely conservative and such a transfer of power would carry the expectation of attempting to fulfill trump 's campaign promises to the best of his ability . 
  i also think a lot of the credit ( or blame ) for trump 's movement lies with trump 's advisers rather than trump himself . 
  i do agree though that he 'd probably be less likely to get us all killed .
