  but sure , whatever floats your boat fellow people who were n't even part of this country when i was born . 
  please , this has nothing to do with immigration , this is obviously xenophobic fear mongering from racist shitlords !, 
   ms bos said she was the one feeling grateful . 
  ohhh come ooooooooon ... 
  [ meanwhile in bavaria ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/86/jugg_with_beer_loewenbraeu_one_liter.jpg/800px-jugg_with_beer_loewenbraeu_one_liter.jpg ), 
  awesome , he should send rain while he 's at it . 
  melting over here ... 
  [ no this time it 's serious . 
  ] ( http://bilder3.n-tv.de/img/incoming/crop11598166/0081326671-cimg_16_9-w1200/3286ae00792c3a6d.jpg ), 
   and usually a cat that 's how it should be , 
  yes . 
  also it 's not a `` weizen '' it 's called wei\u00dfbier :p, 
  * a bit harsh , but i agree it 's not very professional . 
  do n't tell me what to do !, 
  upvoted :p, 
  what a shameful display ... 
  in a video one of the refugees said something like : i understand that they 're upset , but when they get to know us better it will all be good . 
  ( [ source video ] ( http://www.rtl.de/cms/freital-fluechtlinge-geraten-mitten-in-heftige-proteste-gegen-asylunterkunft-2357498.html ) ) meanwhile some idiot waving a half german half russian flag showing them the finger . 
  yea i know , i tried couple of times but my mind was to weak to stick to it : / also it really helps reducing appetite if you ca n't eat . 
  but you 're absolutely right , definitely something i should stop doing . 
  not directly in , but close to munich . 
  would love to live on my own again , but fuck me thats expensive here ... 
  product specialist in a software company : +1500 $ rent for one single room : -400 $ car + insurance + tax : -400 $ mobile phone + internet at home : -90 $ cigarettes : -200 $ fuel : -100 $ one delivery meal each day : -300 $ tl ; dr : hate my life, 
  well , we were no amateurs but they surely let us look that way . 
  they really knew their shit . 
  the amount of combat experience in the way they did everything was really noticable for everyone . 
  we could learn a lot from them and my unit changed procedure quite a bit after training with them . 
  simple things really , but you learned stuff a specific way and while you thought it 's right , it turned out to be less efficient in actual combat . 
  some people do n't give a shit about anybody else . 
  personally i would n't say you have to help everybody , but what happened then , damn if you ca n't get yourself to feel like we should at least try something you 're seriously fucked up ( not meaning you specifically of course ) . 
  that 's really sad . 
  we ca n't let our guard down again , stuff like this should never happen again . 
  hm strange , only saw this right to the article : `` date 30.09.2006 '' anyways . 
  yea it 's a shame , not really cause i care to much about peoples opinion but i think it has an influence on how were able to operate in future . 
  and it breaks my heart seeing less missions just because people do n't know and appreciate what were doing while the people we were supposed to help were so fucking grateful for it . 
  thanks man , much appreciated !, 
  it really means a lot !, 
  edit : [ everytime we were doing our round kids were coming to greet us ] ( http://imgur.com/vbc7vay ), 
  not sure if it 's still the same ( article is from 2006 ) , as i left service end of 2009 but i always had the feeling there 's not enough support . 
  you could see it in the public opinion too , got spit on in the train after i came back from deployment in kosovo . 
  people do n't like the army too much in germany . 
  i 'm guessing this also has impact on funding ( not sure though ) . 
   now , if germany was stronger than usa , then maybe the circumstances might be different . 
  having had the pleasure of training with americans i 'd say no . 
  you always want americans by your side . 
  i wish we would do more though . 
  absolutely , yes . 
  but i still do n't think they 're justified in any way . 
  apply for asylum and wait for it . 
  i understand that they are in a shitty situation , but it 's not like nobody will help them . 
  if that would be the case they would be dead in the sea . 
  i do n't emphasize with the unionists either , you ca n't just do that . 
  yep . 
  probably i did n't mention clear enough what exactly i was referring to , but after reading the article it should be somehow obvious that i 'm referring to the migrants taking advantage of the situation and stirring things up further . 
  ah alright , thanks for sharing !, 
  could n't research myself as i 'm supposed to work at the moment . 
  sure , if they really were they would settle for the next safe spot instead of being picky about it . 
  but for the sake of the argument i was assuming they all were honestly on the run and qualify for asylum . 
  even if this all would be true , this behavior is still absolutely disgusting . 
  this is funny cause you 're right , it 's actually the french protesting , the migrants are just abusing the situation and participate in it to take advantage of the situation ( get on trucks , etc ) . 
  or have a misread the whole article ? 
  whoops , you 're right , overread the would-be part . 
  so you run away from a war torn country to cause trouble in the one where you seek asylum ? 
  yea sure , makes perfect sense . 
  people caught participating * should loose the right to apply in my opinion . 
  edit : * abusing the french workers strike to get into trucks etc, 
   if they lie and say they are from somewhere else then they can be shipped there aw that would be hilarious !, 
  1 : hey were are you from ? 
  1 : alright guys get them back to england asap !, 
  but all those letters ... why would you do that ? 
  you might as well save time writing down only the ones you actually need . 
  and it 's not even one , it 's like a whole ` silent word ' in it . 
  to be fair , dan bilzerian is fucking awesome . 
  however , the votes for kim kardashian are a bit shocking to say the least . 
  it seems to me like you 're the expert mark !, 
  oh , do n't get me wrong , i was n't judging you btw . 
  no matter what this person believed in , his military achievements are quite impressive . 
  i just felt like i should mention that , because you made a connection between xeno2 's name and his beliefs . 
  he might be a racist or not , you ca n't really make a connection , as perfectly proven in your case , 
  without judging , it 's funny reading those comments while your username is hans ulrich rudel . 
  yea last time someone tried it ended in a lolocaust . 
  i 'll show myself out , thank you very much . 
   felines should rule the world . 
  they 'd never make such a mess !, 
  even the grecian ones !, 
  this !, 
  i 'm really interested in the results of that interrogation . 
   camp fire time as an outdoor enthusiast in germany i lol 'd . 
  could n't have happened in germany then . 
  yay censorship !, 
   polar beers sounds cold . 
  i 'd take care of those !, 
  allows nulls . 
  easy , 
  as is tradition . 
   in 1925 , basf merged with bayer , hoechst and three other companies to form i.g. 
  between 1933 and 1945 , i.g. 
  farben played a central role in the nazi economy . 
  during world war ii , the company manufactured poison gas , zyklon b , used at extermination camps and employed forced and slave labor . 
  several company directors and senior managers were tried for war crimes and crimes against humanity .
