[ did you mean dogeland ? 
  which is why here freedom of speech is limited and so is religious freedom . 
   no they dont care . 
  there 's ton of westerm women already with refugees , so they dont care . 
  alrighty then . 
   yeah , accept our laws . 
  one of it is no racism and religious freedom . 
  but religious freedom does n't mean violating law , for example violating ones rights because `` religion '' . 
   well if your house is full of racist people , you should do something about it . 
  the justice system is doing that just fine . 
  we even hunt down 91 year old radio operators for their `` barbaric acts '' . 
   yes , not every refugee is democracy-orientated and respects women rights , but who cares ? 
  it 's their culture and it 's racist to judge people by their color or culture i bet women care . 
  anyways , i think they can happily do whatever the fuck they want , but they have to accept and obey the laws we have . 
  to say they do n't have to cause it 's their culture is ridiculous . 
  also , if you come to my house you do n't make it less enjoyable for me to live there or else you will be treated cruelly and without mercy . 
   by embracing more and more refugees ( remember point 2 ) , we can show the world that europeans are not racist . 
  this is the most retarded thing i ever heard . 
  it 's like saying you go around sucking dicks all day to demonstrate you 're not a homophobe . 
  kurds and turks fighting in bern . 
  depending on the source you look up , the kurds or the turks started it . 
   denying asylum to people with valid asylum claims could very much be a death sentence . 
  so what ? 
  if you want to be treated like a human you better behave like one . 
   if i were in charge i would host criminal ( starting with shop theft ) asylum seekers in unhcr style refugee camps . 
  somewhere in rural brandenburg we should be able to find a place for a camp where all the criminals can spend the rest of the life in safety from persecution . 
  of course , because fuck helping and being nice to the people that deserve it , let 's be nice even to people who are running around with machetes making death threats . 
  makes perfect fucking sense . 
  yes , me too , 
  not sure about coconuts but a 5.56 mm can indeed penetrate your skull . 
  at least that 's what i was told on guard duty as a reminder to only do a warning shot when you ca n't escalate further without shooting the suspect . 
  edit : accidentally wrong caliber, 
  the article states that one person was indeed attacked ( before they left and returned again with pepperspray and machete ) , but it 's never mentioned again so i 'm assuming that the person is ok . 
  the suspect threw stones at the police and fled . 
  as a mod he obviously knows the rules of the internet . 
   rule 29 :  on the internet , all girls are men , and all kids are undercover fbi agents or perverted justice decoys, 
  while i think you 're right , in this case this exaggeration obviously serves a purpose : we want to buy new expensive stuff and people would ask what 's wrong with the current and why ca n't we use what we already have if it still good . 
  fun fact : the army issued a statement back in 2014 which says they found the weapon works perfectly fine , but suspected that single bullets of the ammunition used for the test were flawed which made it slightly less accurate when hot . 
  however , they added that there was no misfire and it 's still safe to use . 
  [ source ( in german ) ] ( http://www.bundeswehr.de/portal/a/bwde/!ut/p/c4/nyvbcsiweet_knvgodsbpvbed-jf66vsm6ue0yrsn_bix5scnif3etpwglyph7ug2odrwrog2r6nxu27iyvvseqcbqrtnhriutjfspaoxzyygycpfpjimxdgcaxiyhhfjozslduwvlprdv39o79n319vl0pddof2dnfdtz-e_acs/ ), 
  as far as i know the mg36 has not been widely distributed since it 's almost the same except for the barrel . 
  most as lmg used ones have just been standard g36 fitted with bipod and drum mags . 
  do n't know when they stopped buying them exactly but i 'd say it was around 2000 . 
  i will check and update when i get home . 
  in july 1995 the mg36 an amount of 4700 pieces where ordered from hk but contract was changed in oktober 1997 and the weapons where not purchased `` until further notice '' . 
  [ source ( pdf ) ] ( http://augengeradeaus.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/hk-g36-pm-nr-6-21-04-2015.pdf ) hk removed this press release from their homepage which they explained [ here ] ( http://www.heckler-koch.com/de/presse/detail/article/stellungnahme-nr-6-von-heckler-koch-zum-sturmgewehr-g36.html ) . 
  did n't have any misfires due to temperature and the other complaint was being inaccurate . 
  but it 's not that significant , but mostly this occurs when the weapon is used in a way it 's not designed for . 
  it 's not a machine gun and should not be used like one . 
  that being said , you can still shoot a lot . 
  i once had the pleasure of emptying a lot of drum mags , no big issues noticed like some papers described . 
  source : served edit : added first line, 
  were you too enraged to actually read and comprehend what he was saying and why ? 
  seriously , it 's like a witchhunt for nazis , everything else is alright . 
  why ? 
  a ton of shit does n't make less shit tastier , does it ? 
   what is this subreddit coming to yea opinions , outrageous !, 
  yea !, 
  how dare he being neutral and despising both extremes !, 
  i could understand it if it was n't just a poor excuse . 
  the quality is indeed bad , there 's no context , no source etc. 
  but then how is this submission still not removed : [ german diplomat runs over a policeman in ukraine ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hfly1/german_diplomat_runs_over_a_policeman_in_ukraine/ ) ? 
  it not only has the previous mentioned characteristics but you ca n't even see anything of that what is being claimed in the video . 
  still if you call people radical aggressive stonethrowing monkeys and claiming you 're superior to them you should n't behave like a radical aggressive stonethrowing monkey . 
  hate immigration if you want , but use appropriate channels to do something against it . 
  seriously , this `` i 'm upset , let 's destroy stuff '' is fucking disgusting and subhuman behavior , no matter who does it . 
  well as i understood she is a member of in the article mentioned movement and they of course happily use her for propaganda purposes because she 's hot and super motivated . 
  how big this movement is , i do n't know . 
  so it 's a bit more than a random idiot , but journalist is questionable . 
  yes . 
  i do n't have enough information about her , but considering the following i 'd assume she 's bat shit crazy :  in a clip posted online last month [ ( video ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppcrgutkb3u ) , a kalashnikov-wielding member of the moscow-based , pro-kremlin national liberation movement ( nod ) vows global nuclear devastation in the event of the defeat of russia 's interests in ukraine . 
  `` if we lose , we will destroy the whole world , '' intones a young nod activist named maria katasonov [ ( full article here ) ] ( http://news.nationalpost.com/full-comment/marc-bennetts-how-putin-is-priming-russia-for-potentially-apocalyptic-nuclear-stand-off-with-the-west ), 
  i get what you 're saying but i do n't think this is true though . 
  being involved does n't necessarily translate to responsibility . 
  would we just stay the fuck away , people would be saying we could 've helped but refused to , and therefore are responsible for the outcome . 
  works both ways . 
  but one could argue we at least tried to help ( which we 're not even obliged to ) . 
  yea , we all know warzones grow in deserts cause the sun is shining to hard on the sand . 
  nobody is at fault . 
  ~ ~ ah i see , fair enough ~ ~ actually , what 's the difference between this submission and the submission ` german diplomat runs over a policeman in ukraine ' ? 
  it 's exactly the same ?!, 
  or is it okay because it 's a diplomat ? 
  just for the record , i do n't care about diplomats nor migrants , nor do i dislike them particularily . 
  it 's more about : why ca n't we speak about it ? 
  why is this considered low quality content ? 
  i understand this is only reflecting a negative side without much context , but this is still just reporting an incident , is it not ? 
  lol actually meant the guys in the video , coming in and first thing they do is destroying property . 
  but i bet you 're a nice fella as well , 
  great first impression you made there fine sir !, 
  hungarian and croatian , they 're amazing for swearing . 
  besides that , they simply sound beautiful . 
  beer . 
  yes , food and drink . 
  in munich it has reached levels which i would say are critical , however , i 'm hearing many times more about protests in parts where people are n't really affected yet . 
  just for clarification : i 'm not for immigration , but i think movements like this will make it even worse . 
  we 're already at a level where you ca n't properly talk about it without being called a racist . 
   pretty clearly about refugees and mass immigration oh , dresden has seen mass immigration ? 
  i 'm all for freedom of speech , so if people hate foreigners so much they shall speak about it . 
  however , and this fucking hilarious , if you scream around you do n't want foreigners and you 're so proud to be german while holding a half german half russian flag you might look like an idiot . 
  especially this genius holding the german flag upside down .
