i think he was insinuating we pay less , relative to the absolute amount and percentage of gdp payed by germany and france . 
  i think . 
  well the first record of trick or treating ( or guising as some here call it ) was in 1895 and it did n't take off in america til later . 
  so the concept basically originated here and the u.s picked up on it later . 
  if you 're asking whether children get dressed up and go trick or treating , and adults get dressed up for parties then yeah its the same . 
  we carve the pumpkins out too . 
  from what i understand the euro does seem to cause a lot of problems , but there also seems to be no easy solution . 
  disbanding would be difficult and cause uncertainty but going down the current path seems to not be working either . 
  a more unified , eurozone wide policy/approach seems to me to be best - one that does not favour some countries over others . 
  but this seems difficult to achieve also and would require several european governments to give up control of a large part of their policies . 
  the uk is expected to pay this amount because of over a decade of underpayments as calculated by the new method of calculation that was agreed upon by the uk . 
  the same figures are used to calculate the size of the rebate the uk receives . 
  the netherlands has accepted it . 
  i think more time should be allowed to pay it , but it is not just because the uk economy is doing well now that more money has being asked for by the eu . 
  you ca n't but deep fried pizza in england ? 
  i suddenly feel bad for you guys . 
  we actually brought in a similar thing recently . 
  except the charge is 5p and the revenue goes to the company . 
  some are donating the extra revenue to charity though . 
  some people are complaining , but the only change is you see more people walking out of shops carrying their entire shop in their arms . 
  the article suggests that we would still use the same time . 
  it would be the rest of the uk that changes . 
  i do n't think that 's likely though . 
  i would n't be surprised if ed balls wanted to be pm . 
  i also think theresa may would challenge boris johnson . 
  from what i remember reading none of the top tories at the moment are particularly supportive of johnson but the back benchers like him . 
  no idea about lib dems and ukip are mostly a one man party for the moment . 
  nicola sturgeon will be the next first minister for what it 's worth . 
  he is very divisive . 
  some really like his policies and how he represents scotland while others find him arrogant and unpleasant . 
  though , if you ask people why they do n't like him they often wo n't be able to come up with something relating to his policies . 
  he is particularly unpopular amongst women . 
  as i believe cameron is also actually . 
  this was a matter for us and the rest of the uk . 
  to use our great exercise of a peaceful democracy to try and justify their own illegal and undemocratic actions is unbecoming . 
  i 've been told that to boost tourism , iceland has a deal where americans on their way to europe spend a few days in iceland on the way . 
  it seems like a good idea . 
  so , if it becomes more popular maybe more will want to visit . 
  haha no problem . 
  i 've always liked the welsh national anthem . 
  it 's incredible to hear it sung during the six nations . 
  most british patriotic songs seem to be about the royals , christianity or both so i 've never really liked them that much . 
  [ bonnie banks of loch lomond ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=felt7btuqpc ) and [ 500 miles ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tm0stntwdii ) . 
  both are sung at football games . 
  along with [ doe a deer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pub9pucvcu ) from the sound of music for mythical reasons . 
  we use [ flower of scotland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpajhliiyjm ) as our anthem which is of course about protecting scotland from the english and moving on from the past . 
  some think [ scotland the brave ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psh0erkq1le ) should be the anthem . 
  and [ auld lang syne ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=to1xt93ilui ) and anything else by robert burns are worth mentioning too . 
  more robert burns is never a bad thing . 
  you mean if westminster had pr a no note would be more likely ? 
  if so then yeah i agree . 
  a lot of the anger people feel towards politics is because they feel they have no influence to change anything . 
  see the lib dems getting 23 % of the vote and only 9 % of the seats at the last election . 
  this makes many vote for anything that offers a shake up of the system e.g independence , ukip, 
  i guess that makes sense but i ca n't imagine it would annoy anybody up here but the ignorant . 
  in the case of a no vote it could help to ease tensions a little bit . 
  is there any reason the west lothian question has n't been dealt with ? 
  it 's obviously unfair and i do n't know why the conservatives have n't attempted to deal with it while in power . 
  do countries inside the uk count ? 
  if so , the english are our bigger , right wing cousins . 
  the welsh are our quiet cousins ( seriously wales i never hear anything about you but gareth bale ) . 
  the northern irish are our crazy cousins and the irish are the distant cousin that we no longer see :(, 
  apologies i 'm not much of a linguist . 
  when i was in barcelona the signs that were written in both spanish and catalan looked very similar to me so that 's why i assumed the languages were similar . 
  ok so i 'll try to apply those same things to scotland and see what you think . 
  language - well we do have people who speak gaelic in the highlands and island . 
  some lowland schools teach in it but its not big . 
  most people in scotland speak a mixture of scots and english . 
  they are very similar ( as i believe spanish and catalan are ) . 
  it is debated whether scots is a language or a broad dialect . 
  probably a dialect in my opinion but i 'm just putting it out there . 
  culture - there is clearly a distinct scottish culture . 
  scottish people will use different references and different words than others in the uk . 
  of course we have the whole men in kilts with bagpipes eating shortbread part of it as well . 
  some of this may seem trivial but political culture is without a doubt different . 
  scotland proves every general election that it is more left leaning than the uk . 
  we are much more opposed to nuclear weapons and nuclear energy , more in favour of the eu , renewable energy , the welfare state and less opposed to immigration compared to the rest of the uk . 
  i do n't think it can be denied scotland has a distinct political identity . 
  dictator - not really . 
  i mean if you go back far enough certain aspects of scottish/gaelic culture were attacked . 
  such as the banning of tartan . 
  but none of that seems relevant . 
  however , i will say that you could probably compare how catalans felt oppressed and treated unfairly by franco to how scots felt treated unfairly by thatcher and other conservative governments . 
  of course the treatment by franco is in a whole other ball park and i do n't mean to diminish it . 
  i 'm just trying to find parallels ( maybe even where there are none ) . 
  fiscal issues - i imagine your referring to how the catalans put more money into the spanish government than they get back . 
  scotland , after london and the south east is the most profitable part of the uk and contributes more to the uk treasury than the uk average . 
  this is how our higher public spending is justified . 
  whether you think scotland is only this economically strong because of being in the uk or the money spent on each person in the uk should be uniform is a different matter . 
  the fact remains , scotland , like catalonia , is one of the strongest economic regions of their respect countries . 
  i think this presents a solid argument of why scotland independence claim is credible . 
  we have a different nhs , education system and law system also , the backbone of a country . 
  we were a separate country in the past and joined this union as a partner . 
  i think the differing political identities is the major reason for this independence push . 
  it is why i , an undecided voter , am still undecided despite believing many of the economic warnings . 
  i hope i have convinced you that this whole thing is not ` pointless ' . 
  if not , congratulations for reading all that for nothing . 
  please explain to me how catalonia 's claim to independence is 10x more credible than ours ? 
  as somebody who lives in glasgow you 're right about our health . 
  combination of poverty , weather and culture unfortunately .
