this is aftonbladet , possibly the worst tabloid in northern europe . 
  do not trust anything written in it . 
  read it in the wiki article but i have n't looked into it so i do n't know much about it . 
  from the charter of fundamental rights of the european union :  article 8   protection of personal data   1 . 
  everyone has the right to the protection of personal data concerning him or her . 
  such data must be processed fairly for specified purposes and on the basis of the consent of the person concerned or some other legitimate basis laid down by law . 
  everyone has the right of access to data which has been collected concerning him or her , and the right to have it rectified . 
  compliance with these rules shall be subject to control by an independent authority . 
  to bad poland apparently has an opt-out . 
   sverigedemokratarna  fascist right yes . 
  because apparently anti-immigration is the same as fascism . 
  and now that the social democrats have performed measures more extreme than the sweden democrats demanded , i guess they are fascist too ? 
  and being as interesting as drying paint . 
  in sweden , we come up with new ways to be offended all the time , thus every new word becomes offensive , so it 's best to say nothing at all . 
  the liberties you have are not going to be magically protected by nature . 
  a state is required for that . 
  and for a state to function it requires that it 's citizens perform their duty . 
  like pay their taxes , do jury duty , and protect their nation against foreign powers . 
  this is why we are stronger together . 
  any one of our national governments would have caved instantly . 
  i know my would . 
  well it 's not so fun now is it , picking on someone your own size ? 
  my first reaction was `` yes ! '', 
  after reading a little , `` oh , i 'm supposed to be outraged '', 
  then i would really hope that it would be open source or at least based on open standards . 
  in sweden digital signature and id 's are practicly monopolized by one company that is owned by the banks , making everyone dependent on them . 
  and they only support windows and mac computers ( apart from phones ) , so now everyone is also dependant on those os 's if they want to have acces to e-banking etc. 
  but it 's no secret that russia funds a lot of misinformation campaigns . 
  during the cold war it was widely known that both sides did this , now everyone believes whatever is in the newspapers . 
  you are tripping all over yourself . 
   some things in germany are considered illegal . 
  so is hate speech , like threatening to kill somebody or denying the holocaust . 
  you can threaten to kill someone without it being hate speech and there are already laws against that . 
  and you can perform hate speech without threatening anyone . 
  but do you have any evidence that any actual threats were made here ? 
  if someone makes a genuine threat or incites violence just arrest them for that instead of this hate-speech crap . 
  you being offended does n't constitute a fucking threat . 
   these thoughts do not participate in any serious discussion as they offend the victims . 
  who the fuck are you to decide what constitutes serious discussion ? 
  you do not get to be the arbiter of what is meaningful discussion , nor does the government . 
  by that fucking logic i could in a position of power decide that your opinions and stupid comments are `` not participating in serious discussion '' because someone somewhere is offended by them , and have them censored and have you jailed , you fucking stasi-informer . 
   the german laws secure the rights of the weak instead of legitimising things against them . 
  i 'm sure they teach you that in school ... 
  the thing is , the political establishment is not weak . 
  and laws like these are used to silence any criticism of it . 
   if i were american , i would have the freedom to shoot them because i want - oh no wait , that 's not accepted by society . 
  nobody is arguing that . 
  your little straw man ca n't even stand on it 's own . 
   every country sets its own standards in defining the border where freedom ends . 
  and your country has decided the border ends at free thought . 
   some are unreasonable like yours . 
   i feel that hate speech , not every opinion i disagree with , should not be legal because the minority that is the target of hate speech has rights too , you know . 
  they have the fucking right to life and to free speech and thought . 
  if someone infringes on those rights by for example threatening them , they should be arrested and tried . 
  but nobody has the right to not be offended . 
  not muslims or jews , not fascists or socialists . 
  not you nor me . 
  you social justice warrior . . 
  plenty of people tell fascists to change their ideology . 
  it 's called discussion . 
  but what does that have to do with anything ? 
  free speech is not fucking dependent on how many are speaking for an opinion . 
  it applies to everyone . 
  you do not seem to understand how free speech works . 
  or the fact that one can support ones right to free speech without agreeing with them . 
  i think islam is a dangerous ideology that is incompatible with the idea of a liberal , free and democratic nation . 
  i still support their right to express themselves . 
  i think nazism is a dangerous ideology that is incompatible with the idea of a liberal , free and democratic nation . 
  i still support their right to express themselves . 
  see ? 
  is that to difficult to understand ? 
  i find your enthusiastic attitude towards thought policing utterly disgusting . 
  for starters , do you want to know something that truly does not belong in a civilized , democratic and free nation ? 
  speech and thought control !, 
  i do n't doubt you 've learned a lot of self flagellation from your country , due to it 's history . 
  that does not give you the right to infringe on other peoples rights , idiots or not . 
  in fact , just by stating that some speech and thought is not permissible , you are opening the door and legitimizing that the same tactics may be used against you . 
  so if someone in a strong leadership positions decides to target whatever your political views may be , and start rounding you and your friends up , what are you going to do ? 
  you have yourself helped make it a legitimate course of action . 
  i guess you can only hope that someone else speaks up for your rights . . also , what are you hoping should be accomplished by these arrests ? 
  stop racism ? 
  well i have news for you ; it wo n't work !, 
  had the state not stepped in , this would still be some idiot racists ranting on the internet that nobody cared about . 
  but , thanks to these mass arrests , they are now getting nationwide , or even worldwide coverage , and probably getting a lot of sympathy from similarly inclined people . 
  they have now become martyrs . 
  good job germany , i admire your persistent dedication to continually shoot yourself in the foot !, 
  by the way , what 's your problem with these people anyway ? 
  it was n't even a public discussion , but a private group . 
  you did n't have to read or hear any of it , yet you want them jailed ? 
  and if you 're so freaking sensitive that you ca n't bear hearing or reading anything offensive , i have more news for you . 
  no-one is forcing you to read it . 
  you can read and watch and listen to whatever you want . 
  you can surround yourself in a bubble of agreeing opinions . 
  why do you feel the need to impose that echo-bubble on others ? 
  my advise to you is to stop trying to resurrect the ddr and instead try to argue against opinions you disagree with . 
  it is my belief that the best way to defeat hate speech , is with more speech . 
  free speech . 
  i do n't know what was said in these groups , and i will probably not agree with it . 
  but i will defend their right to say it . 
  well , it 's not really the swizz we are worried about . .
