it 's a paprika blend ... 
  meaning it has paprika in it . 
  russia is in many ways still a developing country and it is obviously much larger than austria . 
  comparing the two makes no sense at all . 
  wait , transgender acceptance is an issue ? 
  in your bastion of liberal thought ? 
  this whole false dichotomy is ridiculous anyways . 
  why are we even comparing russia and austria in the first place ? 
  i am just making the point that it 's too late to do anything now . 
  obviously they did n't want to stop anything since they took no action at all . 
  the eu ( and the us ) could have dealt with the problem weeks ago with soft power ... at this point i am not sure that 's an option . 
  they are trying to sell part of the company ( dong ) to gs , not paying them to manage any investments . 
  http://i.imgur.com/drzkr.jpg edit : just so people know , this is from last december though i am sure an exit poll would show similar answers, 
  also in germany for instance you have state parks in addition to national ones . 
  you have a refreshing attitude towards immigration . 
  good to see !, 
  it 's amazing how you guys are able to stay so humble . 
   i do n't feel guilt for the past that i ca n't change . 
  i want to remember to make the world a better place . 
  if only more people in the world shared this attitude . 
  if only ... 
  i live in the state of california and we give up our sovereignty to the federal government ... it works out fairly well for us . 
  if an economic opportunity presents itself in new york i could move there almost immediately . 
   look at how disengaged british people are with the eu 49 % voted to remain ... the uk is fairly split on the issue i 'd say, 
  the problem is you ca n't have one without some varying degree of the other . 
  a superstate is needed to enforce contracts , standards etc. 
  the eu has developed into what it is today out of necessity , not as a bureaucratic attack on sovereignty . 
  additionally and perhaps more importantly the european union is n't just about economics ... it 's a shame that the british citizen do n't share the same optimistic vision of a unified future for europe . 
  be careful what you wish for, 
  it 's also further evidence of the decline of the us as a hegemonic power in the west . 
  this article was written by an american who is speculating about european attitudes toward the coming presidential election . 
  as an american who lives abroad ( in germany ) i have not found this to be the case as many germans who i speak with seem very interested in the election . 
  i was wondering whether the people in this subreddit can summarize how they and their countrymen in general feel ? 
  also i was curious about this line :  the election of president obama did not automatically make america more popular all over the world my experience was somewhat contrary to this ... europeans really despised gw bush and their attitude towards america seemed to shift overnight to me when obama was elected, 
  the american constitution is n't infallible but it 's better than a central authority ( assuming one values freedom at all ), 
  buying a product because you want create or protect someone 's job is n't doing anyone any favors ... you are just creating an unsustainable imbalance in the economy and preventing people from making a necesary shift away from unprouctive labor . 
  the nerve of those germans , building things that people want to buy . 
  i agree scandinavia is better in many ( most ) ways then the us ... my problem with their mentality is that a ) they constantly point it out to me as if it makes them personally exceptional , b ) they are a closed society so they are egalitarian , but do n't provide anything meaningful to the global community ( besides ikea ) . 
  it 's good for them , but not good for anyone else . 
  your second point about america and needing to know english is just flat out wrong . 
  the assumption you are making is that everyone of the jobs in question in norway requires the norwegian language . 
  of course that is n't the case . 
  also it seems like the businesses poled all thing that southern europeans are incapable of learning norwegian . 
  the bottom line is they are probably missing out on some great employees because of a close minded , elitist attitude . 
  maybe something is lost in translation , but from my reading of the article it appears the only 3 % of employers in the retail and service industry ( which is one of the largest potential employers , obviously ) would even consider an applicant from southern europe . 
  that is a disgusting sign of elitism to me . 
  they are n't paying attention to qualifications or aptitude , just homeland . 
  america is completely reliant on labor of immigrants , many of whom do n't speak the ~ ~ knowledge ~ ~ edit : language ( typo , my bad ) . 
  i know most european think americans are all uncultured morons , but we 're nothing if not a meritocracy . 
  if you can do the job well , you 'll be hired regardless of where you come from ( assuming our fucked up government lets you in the front door ), 
  one of my pet peeves is when , as an american , a scandinavian lectures me about how great their equal society is and how high their quality of life is . 
  congratulations on being equal to each other and superior to everyone else ... i hope you are proud, 
  limiting leverage is n't just the best way to regulate the financial industry , it 's the only way . 
  that being said , instituting basel iii would be very bad for short term economic growth/unemployment in europe so it 's not a huge surprise that these politicians are hesitating over it . 
  i do not agree that they are being demagogic ... 
  i believe it is a fundamental disagreement . 
  however i feel i am getting nowhere in this argument so go on believing whatever you like and have a nice day . 
  in my reply to maldrake i have conceded that i was wrong about danish attitudes towards taxes and based that belief on too little evidence . 
  thanks for your input . 
  i was talking about denmark not portugal ... much of danish television is american programming in english . 
  america is a world leader in entertainment in most countries . 
  i 've never been to portugal but i 'll take your word for it that you have your own portuguese programming and never watch any american tv . 
  as for your contention that i am making bold statements based on very little evidence , you make a fair point ... based on seefor and your reply and am willing to admit i was wrong about the danes attitude towards taxes . 
  however i will not admit that this means anything consequential about the american model of lower taxes and less regulation leading to more innovation and more dynamic businesses . 
  trying to be more like europe does not make sense for america ... you may not like their rhetoric , but that is the root of the argument coming from republicans . 
  i was disappointed to see the smug , elitist attitude coming from many of european redditors itt that in many ways is the root of the antagonistic attitude about europe that republican party and their suporters have . 
  i am merely trying to explain their point of view which imo is perfectly logical . 
  rather than calling them idiots or assuming they are uninformed , i believe it is more constructive to consider their arguments and respectfully disagree . 
  i ca n't argue with you that your country has a high standard of living , but in doing so you have destroyed the incentive for anyone work hard or to create a business . 
  i live in germany and of the handful of danish people i have met , they have all said the same thing : they do n't want get a high paying job in their homeland because of the high taxes . 
  they love denmark , but they would only ever move back there to take a part time or low paying job . 
  all the truely productive people are leaving your country because your government has destroyed the incentive for them to work hard . 
  the united states is a world leader in innovation and business for a reason . 
  it 's because the government is committed to staying out of peoples ' lives and allowing businesses to flourish . 
  in doing so we have effectively subsidized western european nations with our advances in technology . 
  besides , all the television in demark is created in america ... what would you watch on tv if it was n't for us ? 
  exactly . 
  it 's better to live in a world of denial . 
  i do n't follow . 
  could you explain ? 
  i was making a point about the eu crisis stemming from eu policy ... 
  nobody says anything about communism in the article . 
  you are subscribing beliefs to american republicans that they have never professed . 
   religious wacko like santorum being in the same building as the big red button gives me the heeby-jeebies i have good news for you ... santorum is not a serious candidate to actually president . 
  your own country has its own [ fringe candidates ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vlaams_blok ) ... please stop judging my nation based on ours . 
  i missed the part of the article where any candidate said anything about socialism ? 
  could you direct me to it ? 
  americans are opposed to excessive taxation and income redistribution ... essentially , they disagree with you about the best way to run a society . 
  they are n't idiots any more than you are . 
  do n't start playing the blame game ... it 's counter productive and i dont think you 'll like the end result, 
  or to show him how the top earners give away 60 % of their income to the government ? 
  not all americans are idiots . 
  some of them just disagree with you . 
  sort of like the ryder cup ? 
   what i was really struck with in researching my book was the number of creative individuals - philosophers and so forth - who were the sons and daughters of pastors . 
  angela merkel herself is the daughter of a pastor . 
  they may no longer themselves have any religious belief , but their upbringing means that they are well-educated and serious . 
  it is the pietistic background that germany had in the 17th and 18th centuries . 
  this a line of argument feels like a regurgitation of the protestant ethic theory of european determinism . 
  in other words , i think it 's bs .
