you mean make greater serbia again ? 
  well , according to today 's verdict `` pro nazi '' chant `` for homeland - ready '' could be considered as a way to increase the moral of football fans or whoever chants that way , not something which is bad or criminal . 
  according to hague standards . 
  it 's like fancier name for ex-yugoslav countries . 
  well we saw that eu solidarity when we had ( and still having ) migrant crisis . 
  expecting that western europeans would actually fight and die for the baltics sates ( for example ) is just unreal . 
  the point was that there would n't be a story if the serbs got what they wanted . 
  there are already some differences on some regards in the v4 bloc ( for example hungary , if there is a chance , would gladly jump back on the `` south stream '' gas pipeline train , and i doubt if poland would be sympathetic to that ... ) so adding new members wo n't be a great idea from that perspective . 
  it was offered to the croatia as well in early 90s . 
  but we had wars and stuff so we passed that opotunity . 
  in the council of europe the v4 group already has nearly the same amount of votes as germany + france . 
  aut , cro and slo could easily make that difference . 
  well story broke out because the serb minority party wants some positions in the ministry , presumably the minister would n't give them what they wanted and now we 're back to the ustashes . 
  it 's fascinating how fast did they managed to find that piece . 
  well we can exchange some of that for couple of sunny peaks of julian alps . 
  and yet you guys practically promised us to block us from schengen . 
  well they did announce some sort of `` chaos '' at hte borders before the change of schengen rules . 
  https://www.total-croatia-news.com/politics/15791-slovenia-threatens-to-sabotage-croatian-tourism with the new rules they do n't even have to try to accomplish these threats . 
  well because of this madness at the moment . . https://www.total-croatia-news.com/business/18017-stricter-border-controls-endangering-tourism-industry, 
  huh ? 
   i realy did n't mean to do that . 
  again , today is also chaotic on bregana border pass on croatia / slovenia border . . during the tourist season slovenia could easily be literally blocked from traffic jams . 
  not to mention this `` threats '' from slovenia . 
  https://www.total-croatia-news.com/politics/15791-slovenia-threatens-to-sabotage-croatian-tourism complete madness . 
  people will literally die in front of the border ... 
  apparently , we wanted some us-made navcom systems and other upgrades to be installed but for that we needed bunch of approvals from the previous owner ( bundeswehr ) and manufacturer ( kmw ) and that took a while . 
  basically we can call them pzh2020 or pzh cro with all the modifications ... 
  about that russian `` influence '' in south-eastern europe ... well they just took over control over 10 % of croatia 's gdp . 
  ( and some additional % of gdps of serbia , slovenia , bosnia ... ), 
  so who can benefit the most from this ongoing escalation with turkey . . wilders or current government ? 
  it seems to me that the government wanted to gain some points before the election but with this protests in rotterdam it could easily backfire ? 
  ( and i could be completely wrong on this . . ), 
  anyway , it 's safe to say that this was some sort of deal between vu\u010di\u0107 and his puppet \u0160e\u0161elj , just so vu\u010di\u0107 can say to the eu and the `` west '' something like `` look what 's the alternative if you stop supporting me ... '', 
  just look at that bunch . . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jc-oyhve4ss that bearded guy though . . :d, 
  well the `` west '' was pretty much proserb before srebrenica massacre , croatia did n't had political support for larger scale military actions , as soon as we got political support well , you know what happened . . and that basically the united croat/bosniak army was stopped by the west just couple kms from banja luka ( which was already preparing for evacuations . . ), 
  not so sure about that . 
  and what about `` kokardas '' ? 
  it is offensive for many croats like it 's the cro coat of arms with the first white field for the serbs . 
  of course neither of those symbols are not offensive for someone not from these parts of europe . 
  of course it did n't happened over the night . 
  just look what babic was testifying in the hague tribunal . 
  basically they left pretty much by themselves . 
  do i need to paste youtube stuff where their leaders are bragging that they will never accept croatia , that they only want yugoslavia/serbia ? 
  so eventually they got to it , not like expected but hey ... 
  what exactly do you want ? 
  what do you think all the 4s ( c c c c ) and other serb insignias lika kokarda and etc. 
  represnt to croats ? 
  and yet , no one cares . 
  usually there are three lightning bolts of some sort , mostly in the special forces insignia . 
  we 'll leave that to you as you got more experience in that legal stuff regarding the rehabilitation process itself . 
  there is realy no need for russian propaganda and questionable nazi insignia , the sole fact that croatia exists is enogh for serb nationalists and their sentiments . 
  115 % , yeah . 
  * millions, 
  that quote conection to facism is pure bs . 
  it was `` official '' in 1994 . , today not even sure the same unit exists . 
  ( special sniper company of military police brigade ), 
  it ' s not so funny . . in fact it 's not funny at all . 
  erdogan be like `` release the refugees '', 
  ( so we need land corridor through slovenia to get there ), 
  and how exactly is the fact that you do n't have direct access to international sea hurting the port of koper ? 
  rijeka is trailing behind because of the bad policies and poor railway connection . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  2m $ worth of ammo ? 
  that 's literally nothing . 
  couple of `` new '' planes ? 
  after the war it looked like this http://www.h-r-z.hr/images/stories/vukovar/album2/20.jpg, 
  on the bright side , bosnia ended up with all the bosnia & herzegovina . 
  we have send our top generals to the hague ( icty ) and they came back innocent , all charges dropped . 
  what is enough is enough . 
  they followed him on facebook ? 
  what about his twitter profile ? 
  after all those talks about solidarity etc. 
  as expected it all came back to the countries on the outer borders of eu . 
  meanwhile , the ecj issued a ruling that backed austria and slovenia for their deportations of asylum seekers back to croatia . 
  good thing we have fances on our western border , big mistake slovenia . 
  messing things up in europe for like third time now . 
  the fire already reached outskirts of split . 
  it is very bad ... 
  it should be based on rafale which is far better than eurofigher . 
  there was never such thing as european solidarity , only solidarity with german economc interest, 
   the court investigated itself and concluded that the court is clean . 
  brilliant . 
  well thats just stupid . 
  it 's not about amount of land , it 's about that pretty much everyone knew that there is no chance to get that land on the left side of `` dragonja '' river . 
  your politics insisted on that just for maximizing demands during negotiations so that eventually they could come up with `` compromise '' . . and joras ? 
  who cares about him ? 
  just another useful idiot who will soon to be moved with fair compensation from slo gevermant for everything that he did durih his `` crusade '' : /, 
  and let 's not forget that there is german judge in the process who was also caught red-handed so they are basically protecting him and the whole concept of arbitration . 
  ( even if it was corrupt and compromised , yeah , that 's eu in 2017. , nothing like we 've been hearing during the 2000s ... ), 
  well there is already huge euroscepticism and with new pressure from the eu there could easily be croexit in next few years . 
  well inside the ex yu there are border disputes with pretty much every neighbour that also is ex yu . 
  only outher borders of yugoslavia were 100 % clean ( with hungary , austria ... ), 
  well we just did ? 
  we also had sanader-janse agreement to go with the ibterantional court of justice in hague . 
  who torpedoed that ? 
  land that they really did n't care . 
  and would n't get on any court . 
  but we lost our sovereignty in the corridor . 
  so basically we lost the teritorial waters as well . 
  what is slovenian part of so called compromise ?
