   thinking about it public german television is one of the first signs of the impending gerontocracy we have always been warned about . 
  you are right about that and it is kind of scary since even young people completely vote against their interests by voting cdu/csu , cementing this trend . 
  even more scary though is how the grand-coalition is plundering the pension fund with their plan . 
  their will be nothing left for our generation even though we payed for it as well . 
  http://www.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/teure-beschluesse-rentenplaene-der-koalition-kosten-130-milliarden-euro-12685922.html i love our social democratic system and i love the solidarity aspect of the `` social contract '' , but it is policies like that which make me think it is dying and that i should look to take care of myself first . 
  yes , i am aware . 
  i just had to express my thoughts when i read `` ttip '' , it was n't meant as a comment against you . 
  sorry but i ca n't take that seriously . 
  also the article is completely missing the point . 
  there are no `` ressentiments '' , but numerous , very valid concerns with ttip . 
  i do n't have time to list them all but just concerning the isds , there is already a highly contentious process underway against the regional administration of quebec for increasing environmental standards under similar nafta provisions . 
  so this is not theory , this is already happening . 
  if ttip is signed as it is , it will enable corporations to sue governments for damaging `` expected profits '' through their legislation ( by increasing minimum wage or other standard ) in front of a secret court in which corporate lobbyist are both lawyers and judges . 
  the documents have been leaked . 
  if you do n't have a problem with that you are either not a democrat or delusional . 
  and , most importantly , it 'll bring corporate tribunals . . [ isds ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4vqkxuodis ) ( german video , has english subs though ), 
  nothing good for the average citizen will come out of ttip . 
  trust me . 
  edit : read any of [ these ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/eu-fears-ttif-free-trade-agreement-could-spur-litigation-a-1015013.html ) [ articles ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/criticism-grows-over-investor-protections-in-transatlantic-trade-deal-a-945107.html ) ( i could link dozens of others , but most are in german ) if you want to know more . 
  i know . 
  it is a shame . 
  but let 's not put this simply on `` indoctrination '' , it is the erdogan government who has put turkey on a path back to the past and is ruining any chance of dealing with matters such as these in a reasonable way . 
  sadly , i do n't think they will be rid of him any time soon . 
  yes , you can blame them . 
  they are not robots incapable of changing their programming . 
  they need to critically self-examine their biases and re-evaluate the events . 
  have a national debate . 
  but as long as their current authoritarian government is in power that is not gon na happen , as it is stifling dissent on much more trivial matters . 
  is it just me or is [ the beginnings of swan lake ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdhq70yrtii&amp;t=1m10s ) pretty similar to some parts of the [ harry potter theme . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcnhvmiyqia ), 
  because they are `` part '' of it , in the sense that matters . 
  the monied elites from the uk uses these quasi-territories as tax havens . 
  uk-based or related authorities make the rules for them . 
  just because technically/legally they are n't fully does n't matter to my point , which was the european and us-elites and politicians wont do shit about this because europe and the us are both themselves host to the biggest tax havens . 
  well , for the purpose of tax evasion , that technicality does n't really . 
  nonsense , they wont do shit . 
  the biggest tax evasion countries are the uk ( because of overseas territories , crown dependencies etc. 
  ) , us , luxemburg and germany themselves so this is all for show . 
  i think most germans do n't realize this would be effectively the end of our parliament army . 
  i never believed i live to see this day . 
  that is surprisingly high for germany . 
  i only know a single-person my age ( 29 ) who lives with his parents and he has a particular reason for that . 
  i mean 1/4 , that is a lot . 
  i know a couple of people who went to live with their parents for a couple of month in between college graduation and first job , but thats it . 
  a strong social safety net and very high social equality combined with a culturally homogenous population have reduced violent crime to near zero in iceland . 
  underage refugees should not be allowed alcohol . 
  they are causing trouble , with or without right-wingers to fight . 
  it is rare , but it happens . 
  it has become more common these days with all the arab and african muslims that have come in during the recent migration crisis . 
  it is however more of a cultural and less of a security matter in my opinion . 
   is germany so insecure that yes . 
  yes , i am afraid many people and all of the political mainstream are completely insecure , especially when it comes to values . 
  i agree that the distinction is important . 
  but the racism card is at the ready everywhere these days . 
  the political climate is so poisoned i am not surprised the afd had such gains . 
  and they will continue to have these until the political climate normalizes to include topics such as immigration , islam etc. 
  without instant `` you are racist for even talking about it '' - hysteria . 
  strange time frame . 
  why not 10 years ? 
  you did n't translate the best part : he picked up passengers ** on schedule ** something many adult bus drivers do n't manage . 
  this is an amazing idea , but germanys is in the quarter finals tomorrow . 
  however i will certainly join once you guys reset . 
  holy shit , has something like this happened before ? 
  this is terrorism . 
  just like the molestations of women here it has a political background . 
  they disapprove of our lifestyle and react with violence trying to intimidate people into behaving differently . 
  it has worked with `` insulting islam '' . 
  they have made their religious laws almost universal in europe through violence . 
  they claim areas for themselves and institute their own laws ... 
  and 130.000 in 2013 and 200.000 in 2014 and a varying number who avoided registration ( up to 500.000 ) http://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/article154038484/wie-sich-unregistrierte-fluechtlinge-durchschlagen.html finally , it really does n't matter if it is 1.6 or 2.0 million ( i said `` almost '' because it is most likely the closest round number estimate in total ) in terms of the enormity of the challenge , so lets get over it , shall we ? 
  no , some were forcefully repatriated in a spectacular manner . 
  most left on their own . 
  the bpb is fuzzy but i studied this and you can not forcefully repatriate hundreds of thousands of people as a democratic country in such a short period of time . 
   why do you think the current are n't ? 
  and if they are not , why do you think they wo n't be send back ? 
  because there is no political will in the current government parties for large scale forced repatriation and the population is sharply split on the issue . 
   what 's up with your hyperbole ? 
  this definitly feels like you want to convey a `` we are dommed '' sentiment . 
  this great migration is not over and almost 2 million people are already here . 
  now our ridiculous politicians are starting to pass ad-censorship legislation and justifying it as a result of the `` cologne events '' . 
  that is a fact not hyperbole . 
  now , do i think we have to : stop this development and get control over eu borders and if necessary our own ? 
  yes . 
  have to be absolutely stalwart in defense of an sexually open , tolerant ( of homosexuals etc. ), 
  society instead of cosying up to backward cultures ? 
  yes . 
  send everyone who is not a genuine refugee back and think about only allowing most to stay until the war is over ? 
  yes . 
  will this be easy ? 
  will caring for and integrating those who stay be expensive ? 
  yes , very . 
  are we doomed ? 
  all clear ? 
  it was 1.1 million in 2015 alone . 
  so what this tell us is that they were n't forcefully repatriated , the vast majority left on their own . 
  i doubt that will happen with the millions of people from africa . . 
  these people were actual refugees and not migrants . 
  this will be an enormous strain on our society economically and culturally . 
  i am not saying `` we are doomed '' or anything like that . 
  but millions of young , unqualified , male migrants from foreign cultures will leave a mark on this country and i am skeptical it will be for the better . .
