well let them run then . 
  they can leave their passports . . 
  yeah , it would only work as a european effort . 
  call me a communist , but in my humble opinion everyone who is worth more than ~ 500m or so should be issued a one time tax of 50 % to fix europe . 
  dubrovnik look so incredible . 
  it is probably used a lot in films is n't it ? 
  [ almost 2000 year old porta nigra ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/porta_nigra_abends.jpg ), 
  the hungarian one wins hands down !, 
  also : i want that building in an assassins creed game . 
   regulation prevents abuse ( and creates profit ! ), 
  have an upvote for the most * german * sentence i read on reddit today !, 
  how does the science look ? 
  have there been studies on the effect of the law change on prostitution and especially human-trafficking ? 
  also , what do the prostitutes say ? 
  i mean the 80 % are probably not people who are or might see a prostitute themselves , so i find it problematic to outlaw a profession based on majority opinion . 
  is it unthinkable in the swedish/norwegian discussion that someone might want to sell sex ? 
  i know that in germany human-trafficking has been on the rise since liberalization , which is the most severe side-effect of what is in my mind an overall sound policy . 
  measures are being taken to combat that though and so far even the conservatives do n't seem like they will overturn legalization . 
  incredible how progressive turkey is in some respects . 
  i suspect this wo n't last with the current government though . 
  also it is a little surprising to see the sweden/norway pick this policy . 
  was prostitution legal before ? 
  or did it go from completely illegal to this ? 
  maybe that is what it used to mean in the us . 
  todays republicans seem to love big government and spending as long as it puts people in jail , is for the military/wars/one of the many intelligence services , food industry subsidies , for the police or to keep mexicans out with giant fences etc. 
  they only dislike government that helps the poor or protects the environment . . and taxes for the rich and corporations , those they really hate . 
  libertarianism is pretty much non-existent in the ** de facto ** everyday politics of the two-party system in the usa . 
  but you are right they are distinct political tradition . 
  the left-right spectrum is generally problematic but when it comes to comparing the us and europe it is almost useless . 
  well , considering the amount of free flowing capital ( still huge and increasing ) and the lack of comprehensive new regulation on the financial markets which could lead to another bubble and crisis and combined with the very worrisome situation of france , europes second largest economy , i think that it entirely possible . 
  wurst case scenario . 
  get proxmate , like right now . 
  you will have all the internetz !, 
  - share our love of pilsener and know how to brew it very well - beautiful women - relaxed attitude towards weed - i need to visit prag . 
  soon . 
  this year . 
  why are you so spiteful ? 
  investigative journalism that actually goes on the ground is a needed component of a good report . 
  that would be cool , but this way it keeps you guessing , which is also kind of cool !, 
  and arrangements like that wo n't be banned . 
  it will just have to be in your contract specifically and is not allowed by default . 
   russian government is switching from ipads to samsung tablet pcs good move . 
  maybe their only one . . 
  at the top : the emperor . 
  at the bottom : a man of the people ? 
  regulations ftw . 
  there , i said it . 
  it is . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/largest_cities_in_europe do n't count the non-eu countries and it is sixth . 
  this is only counting strictly the city itself not the metropolitan regions . 
  that may be your opinion . 
  the essence of ( democratic ) politics is dissenting opinions and discussing those in a reasonable manner . . that is not what happened , hence the petition . 
  well that is one of their most extreme positions , but that does n't make them lunatics does it ? 
  many in the party leadership actually disagree with that . 
  also , can a very left ( in many ways pacifist ) party not make such a demand ? 
  i mean , sweden is not in nato , neither is austria or ireland . 
  why is it completely unthinkable for germany to leave nato ? 
  once again , i personally do n't think that would be a very wise policy and obviously their are numerous constraints to such a demand in terms of contracts etc. 
  that are not easily undone . 
  so `` die linke '' should definitely be challenged on a positions such as this one ( and they are , frequently and harshly ) but again , that does n't make them lunatics and we are not talking about being challenged on that policy position here . 
  what happened is that lanz , the moderator , did repeatedly interrupt wagenknecht after asking her a question , not allowing her to actually answer . 
  he also did a particularly despicable thing constantly challenging her on her `` europeaness '' and acceptance of the `` european idea '' in a similar fashion war-critiques are put to the `` patriot-test '' in the us . 
  this guys salary is payed by everyone in this country and he is known for his blatant favoritism of the right-wing and unprofessional behavior . 
  this is just the latest incident . 
  i hope this makes it a little clearer . 
  they are not comparable to the tea party lunatics whos claim to fame is mostly ignorance and hate . 
  sarah wagenknecht is a highly intelligent politician and most political positions of `` die linke '' ( and i am not saying i agree or endorse them in any way ) are very much seriously thought through and part of the regular political spectrum . 
  many of their ideas even get adopted by the spd , the social democrats ( center-left ) . 
  the spd moved so much to the right in recent decades that `` die linke '' is simply a political corrective that had to arise in one form or another to fill the space left of the spd . 
  perfect . 
  thank you . 
  can we get a rough translation ? 
  the yt translated subtitles are useless . 
  or maybe just the jist of it ? 
  given that his ama was deleted ( because of missing proof ? 
  ) , something i was not aware of yesterday , i am even more skeptical than i was yesterday . 
  even though if this is truly part of a media campaign , that would be fascinating in its own right . 
  i hope he is not just a liar who wants attention . . 
  i assumed he was since he had to provide proof . 
  however since his ama was deleted i guess this is still at the very least controversial . . 
  i do n't `` do '' politics . 
  i have a masters in political science . 
  or where you being ironic ? 
  a s a political scientist this gives me a bit of mind-boner . 
  \u0ca0 \u25e1 \u0ca0 so for now , i am not disagreeing or agreeing with anything you wrote just : thank you so much for posting this !, 
  it 's great to get an inside perspective like that . 
  why do i read about this for the first time on a new zealand website . . ? 
  man i feel stupid . 
  anyway it is a great idea and only strengthens my desire to move back after 7 years of studying in a different town . 
  i would have guessed if anything it 'll be solar , but til . . 
  not very * happy * is what you mean , 
  that is pretty much one of the least bad parts of islam . . who cares ? 
  of course . 
  i am just saying that a diagram that would take into account relationships , power distribution etc. 
  between the state and federal level in the us in addition to int . 
  structures and institutions on the continent ( to make it somewhat comparable to this eu graph ) it would make for a pretty complex structure and graph as well , 
  even if that were a good thing and simplification for its own sake is not always good , it is not that easy or even makes much sense based on this graphs . 
  you are talking about a supranational entity based on many multilateral agreements that grew overtimes and has many opt-outs on specific request of individual countries ( i.e. 
  eu but not schengen ) but it also shows a number of international organisations and bilateral agreements that really do n't have anything to do with the eu here . 
  also , i think if you were to draw a diagram of the us showing all its internal relationships with its states and all its multilateral and bilateral agreements ( i.e.
