  source ? 
  and that is a period of 15 years , so you are saying it will take us 45 years ... ? 
  look at this article . 
  even if the request is denied , the vast majority is allowed to stay . 
  we will see . 
  do you honestly expect voluntary and forced repatriation to reach hundreds of thousands ? 
  between 50 % and 2/3 of people who came were illegal migrants not refugees , so we are talking over a million people who would have to leave . 
  that seems vastly unrealistic , so we will have to deal with them and try to integrate them . 
  this will be incredibly expensive and challenging . 
  arguably impossible culture-wise if the past ( with much lower numbers ) is any indication . 
  yes i realize that . 
  yet 18.363 have been deported last year . 
  1.8 million came , 18.363 left . 
  you do the math . 
  70-80 % of iraqi and afghan refugees have no education whatsoever and are functionally illiterate . 
  they will get asylum . 
  additionally , although it is the law , almost no one is actually deported . 
  a couple of hundred a year being deported does n't really make a difference when 2 million have come and tens of thousands are still coming . 
  the government also estimates this to cost 100 billion euros over the next 10-20 years . 
  these are enormous numbers . 
  i am a very left leaning person , but i think policy should be grounded in reality and all touch with reality has left policy making in the area of migration and asylum in this country . 
  this has nothing to do with the questions if they are qualified enough to be able to find work , which the vast majority is not . 
  it is a study on viability of workplace integration which is often demanded but highly unrealistic right now . 
  yeah . . almost 2 million came to germany . 
  according to a study by the government itself less than 15 % will be qualified and able to get a job over the next 5 years . 
  ( german ) http://www.zeit.de/2015/47/integration-fluechtlinge-schule-bildung-herausforderung `` two-thirds can barely read or write . . '', 
  we are still football world champions . 
  * raises fist * you guys just wait till summer . . we will make you sing . 
  yes i am aware of that but he was n't in charge . 
  might have had some influence but he was n't even in the coalition and being prime minister and therefore able to staff many of the minister and control the executive is very different . 
  even though - obviously - he would n't have the amount of political power the us president has . 
  your system is not that different from germany . 
  in charge ? 
  all the windmills . 
   also , is this operating under the assumption that pro-eu is pro-europe and anti-eu is anti-europe ? 
  its just pro-european and hoping you do n't follow the american example of voting in the crazy hair , crazy in the head guy . 
  for us it is also the love . 
  ( and export monies too of course ), 
  maybe third times the charm ? 
  these pulse of europe demonstrations are now weekly held in several german and european cities . 
  in germany it just started , so turnout is still relatively low ( but growing ) . 
  also the weather was shit . 
  the message will grow stronger i am sure . 
  these pulse of europe demonstrations are now weekly held in several german and european cities . 
  in germany it just started so turnout is still relatively low ( but growing ) . 
  its the ciiiircle of booooze . 
  can anyone add that in ? 
  what did i do ? 
  of course we do . 
  islamistic terrorism is a problem yes , but it is not the apocalypse and no reason to become hysterical since it is still extremely unlikely that any one individual will become a victim . 
  i am much more worried about climate change . 
  of course not . 
  it is just the mysoginy that made me phrase it that way . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i said no such thing and the graphs are about both different races and religions . 
  because religions are ideologies . 
  and the abrahamic ones are terrible ideologies . 
  if people just take the spiritual part thats okay , but that is why i said `` strongly '' . 
  i am deeply suspious of anyone who seriously embraces such backwards and terrible ideas . 
  and since all three abrahamic religious are very mysoginistic i would not want my daughter in a serious relationship with anyone like that . 
  i highly doubt that would happen anyway but i am just saying i would strongly dislike it . 
  well religions are ideologies . 
  and the abrahamic ones are terrible ideologies . 
  if people just take the spiritual part thats okay , but that is why i said `` strongly '' . 
  i am deeply suspious of anyone who seriously embraces such backwards and terrible ideas . 
  and since all three abrahamic religious are very mysoginistic i would not want my daughter in a serious relationship with anyone like that . 
  i highly doubt that would happen anyway but i am just saying i would strongly dislike it . 
  race is irrelevant , but i would n't want my daughter to marry any strongly religious person . 
  there is little to no evidence for a historical jesus so you can not say anything like this with such a degree of certainty . 
  you do n't fuck with the comission . 
  as a brit , you should know ( sorry ) . 
  i think you mean the pacific , 
  nobody is taking away any rights from you to have and use those words , it is just for legal documents and custody battles so one parent ( mostly fathers ) are not discriminated against because of biases of a judge . 
  sounds strange at first , but it makes perfect sense . 
  i do n't think such an emotional issue should be put to a vote , it will only mean millions wasted on propaganda . 
  just do it . 
  if there is massive protest on the street you can always put it to a vote , but lets see if anyone else but ultra religious groups cares enough . 
  why do we always have to copy all the bad shit from the us - . -, 
  its actually 100 times worse than acta . 
  in germany you can buy * 2 crates of cheap beer in a supermarket * 3 movie tickets ( with student discount ) * a dinner at a chinese restaurant with drinks for 2 * 6-7 ( 0,4 l ) beers in a pub . 
  everyone knows they wo n't . 
  several former bundesbank board members as well as german ecb board members have quit because of the unsustainable subsidizing of other countries debts . 
  it is also a clear breach of eu treaties . 
  if that is truly what bank of america published they either have no clue at all or are lying through there teeth . 
  i think you got it mixed up though . 
  yes it would . 
  but the opposite would happen . 
  a new mark would greatly increase in value thereby hurting our exports tremendously , one reason why we need to keep the euro . 
  sleep well then , i think this is futile . 
  not at all and even the part you quoted contradicts that assumption . . 
  that 's what they want us to do . 
  divide and conquer . . 
  lets stick together people . 
  oh and fuck the banks . 
  i think it is there as a show for the defense contractors and to intimidate / `` impress '' the lower `` classes '' . . that you regard is as natural that an event that is for the `` understanding of human kind '' is prepared for like the third world war is just weird . 
  of course you need security at a huge event like this but i think their is something terribly wrong with society if we accept that snipers should be on every roof , fighter jets in the air and aa next to residential areas . . 
  i do n't say this to start an argument it just seems wrong to me on several levels . 
  yeah so you need aa and warships lol . . 
  imagine all the useful things that could have been bought with all that money . . 
  very possible .
