  greeks are mostly unemployed by choice . 
  source : i was there last weekend - they all like to party . 
  huh ? 
  your average `` stupid '' voter . 
  the educated ones voted to stay . 
  does the eu need more 3rd world countries ? 
  could be more ` lapsy ' . 
  omg, 
  yes exactly . 
  outside of moscow and st.petersburg , russia is a 3rd world country at best . 
  no running water , many places with no electricity , people shitting in buckets , no roads and most importantly rampant hunger and poverty . 
  it was heartbreaking seeing this first hand . 
  i 'm in bulgaria , everyone around me speaks russian , especially the bulgarians . 
  on the coast it 's by far the most predominant language . 
  russian . 
  i live in a brand new condo with amenities no different than my place in vancouver . 
  i dunno , i 've only experienced it once when i was in my campervan , maybe something was wrong . 
  i 've never actually gone over , i dunno ... one thing is % 100 , it has never , ever stopped giving data ( even with tethering ) in 5 years ( i have 3 data sims ) . 
  yep , cheers from bulgaria . 
  exactly . 
  some of the folks here in bulgaria dress well , drive a bmw but you would n't want to take a shit in their apartment ... even in a dire emergency . 
  it 's pretty much like living in a dumpster . 
  yes . 
  $ 10/month unlimited fiber here . 
  $ 3/month super fast mobile ( also unlimited ... well ... it throttles a bit after 20gb . . but is still netflixable . ), 
  bulgaria , too . 
  i do n't even know how many bentley 's , ferraris , gtrs and amg everything i see every single day in my village ... easily over 100/day . 
  it 's been about 35 here on bulgaria 's black sea coast for almost 2 months . 
  i sleep during the day and `` live '' at night . 
  it 's 7:40 am right now - good night everyone . 
  you mean genital mutilation . . 
  just walked past that restaurant last night . 
  the gangsters changed its name and it 's business as usual . 
  i live on the black sea in bg . 
  am i about to die ? 
  thanx for breaking into my campervan . 
  my friends just accepted a lease in prague after living in gb for the last 15 years . 
  they run a software development company and ca n't wait to gtfo . 
  fascinating . 
  thank you . 
  and religion is just a con . 
  yes . 
  my apologies . 
  yes it does , that 's exactly what it means . 
  cheers from bansko , bulgaria . 
  currently enjoying my $ 70 cent pint in the scorching sun . 
  why do most british women look like water buffalo ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  i hate shit like this . 
  lack of efficiency is also a huge problem . 
  romania is awesome , too ... especially the countryside . 
  i just really feel bad for your kids and fact the you 're breeding them to become your future caregivers and worst yet ( more than likely ) instilling your racist views on them . 
  that 's just awful , makes me so sad , it really does . 
  that 's backwater america for ya !, 
  doctors will take care of me you cretin and more importantly what do i care about my blood line ?? 
  i will be dead . 
  you sound like a small minded religious ? 
  bigot ( i read some of your posts ) ... and a trump supporter to boot . 
  you are the primary candidate that should never have children for the sake of humanity . 
  keep that condom on from now on or get yourself sterilized asap ... please !!, 
  i feel bad for you and the way you think . 
  there always be people ... it would be nice if there was a lot less of them . 
  time to take a breather , enjoy life and have sex for fun and not to produce parasites . 
  yes , it will have a positive impact not only for hungary but europe and the whole planet . 
  1.4 babies is still a staggering amount . 
  the average should be less than 1 , way less than 1 . 
  that 's not how it works and in case you are curious everything will sort itself out rather easily by balancing the massive social and economic costs of babies . 
  ohh yes it does , i live in europe and religion and ignorance and family pressure are still driving this `` must have children at all cost '' disease . 
  i am talking about an overall decline . 
  let 's take a breather and not have any for a little while . 
  let 's start with environmental impact , let 's start with noise pollution , let 's start with the social cost ( more infrastructure of all kinds , schools , hospitals , housing , transportation etc. 
  ) , let 's start with government support of new parents ( how much taxpayers money goes into supporting kids - literally billions of dollars in handouts ) ... and that 's before i even touch on the overall grossness of babies ... and all the garbage they create . . just untold amounts . 
  babies are the # 1 environmental hazard we face today except that not too many people admit to or want to talk about it ... for a reason i ca n't figure out . 
  the less babies the better , i think you got your math wrong . 
  because unless you are a bored , selfish lonely person who needs someone to play with , having a baby is completely and utterly necessary ( no matter where you live and no matter your culture ) . 
  wow , people still talk this way ? 
  i disagree . 
  declining birth rates is one of the very few great things we have going for ourselves . 
  ( at least is some places ) . 
  obviously , the less babies the better . 
  it 's all good then . 
  looks like the locals wo n't have to burden themselves with having children . 
  how about neither ? 
  bulgaria is incredible . 
  are n't declining birth rates a good thing ? 
  but wearing smelly adidas/nike pajamas by most bulgarians outdoors and in broad daylight is ok ??? 
  back in canada we used to wear tracksuits as embarrassing halloween costumes once a year . 
  i will take the niqab . 
  now i 'm hungry . 
  i 'm canadian by the way . 
  i did see those places you mention and yes , they are not quite as destitute as the area near the border but it 's still an incredibly poor region of the world ( as is istanbul , i have spent many months there ) . 
  of course , bulgaria is still about 30 years behind in terms of ... well ... everything . 
  maybe that 's why i love this region so damn much . 
  i am going to crack open a beer and watch this right now . 
  thank you . 
  it is , it 's a really great place to visit ( the people are soo friendly - everyone wants to hug you , seriously ) but yes , it 's all very ... i do n't know how to describe it ... very sad . 
  yes , some nice beachy areas and hotels . . and restaurants and stuff . 
  most of the touristy/boring shit is in the south . 
  yes yes yes , the touristy places are just that ... touristy . 
  the south is the same ... but if you get off the beaten path , it 's a whole other story .
