this is stupid . 
  looks like something from the year 700 . 
  well , you are quite wrong . 
  sofia is beautiful . 
  burgas is fun and vibrant and do n't even get me started on plovdiv . 
  i live in a crazy resort town that makes las vegas look like a village . 
  i fuckin ' love it here , especially the black sea coast . 
  moved here from canada . 
  poor bulgaria . 
  cheers from beautiful bulgaria . 
  this is exactly what happened . 
  source : canadian living in bulgaria . 
  yes !, 
  bulgarian reporting here , i do n't foresee any refugee issues here either . 
  i with the bulgarian government would spend this money on fixing potholes or garbage clean up instead . 
  yes indeeedio , this article is a tad silly . 
  i was in plovdiv less than a month ago to check out the aviation museum . 
  i go to plovdiv very regularly and my fave pizza shop is there . 
  you 're lucky to live there , it 's a stunning city . 
  i welcome it , to be honest . 
  the bulgarian coast has been frying my brain and i 'm sick of spending my days under the aircon . 
  cheers from beautiful sozopol , bulgaria . 
  i 've been to both countries many times and both are amazing . 
  what can you do ? 
  out of all the visitors , the russians bother me the least . 
  ... the brits on the other hand ... they 're are a vile bunch . 
  ... but yes yes ... bicycle is an amazing idea , as well . 
  i live 15 minutes away by foot . 
  you 're right . 
  just a lift pass to whistler was over $ 200/day during the 2013 season , an ok hotel add + $ 300 . 
  you can party your ass off in bansko , stay in a relatively decent hotel , eat some good food and pay for your lift pass ... for much less than the whistler pass alone . 
  the mountain and the quality of facilities are considerably different , however . 
  you mean ... the mafia ? 
  3 liters of beer . 
  opposite . 
  russians everywhere ... ... and extremely drunk brits . 
  you can always walk over to nesebar , too . 
  i 've almost been to every single one of these places . 
  yay me !!!, 
  i saw a bulgarian throw his beer can into a trash receptacle instead of the bush . 
  it was a nice sight , might even become a tradition . 
  my campervan was broken into in romania . 
  so silly . 
  someone needs to remind him it 's not year 600 anymore . 
  3 euros buys me 6 pints of very good beer at a restaurant here in bg ( and i live in the expensive part of the country ) . 
  750x500ml cans of very good lager every month , easy ( cold , from a major supermarket ) . 
  probably more if you know where to look . 
  way more if you buy the bigger bottles . 
  bulgaria ( cheapest booze in europe , maybe even the world ) . 
  my wife is from montreal . 
  i suggest you book a flight and visit for a few weeks ( right now is perfect ) . 
  you will then realize that the things you have written here thus far are opposite of reality . 
  please get back to me . 
  i am starting to think you have never been to canada or anywhere in north america for that matter . 
  i strongly recommend booking a flight . 
  i am canadian currently living on the bulgarian coast and traveling the world . 
  there are plenty of garbage cans . 
  it 's the mentality of the people who have disregard for their respective countries by throwing out a cigarette butt outside the window or a can of whatever shitty energy drink they 're currently consuming . 
  it 's gross . 
  yeah , pernik is brutal . 
  almost surreal . 
  i am not american , i am canadian ( from vancouver ) . 
  not sure the last time you were in nyc but it 's * significantly * cleaner and civilized than ever . 
  i was in kumanovo exploring eastern europe , i love it here . 
  good for you . 
  i am not bulgarian and far from pessimistic . 
  i have many friends in macedonia and travel there often , the country is amazing , the food unreal and my friends an absolute treasure . 
  since i am canadian , i find the eastern european attitudes towards garbage disposal ( the cleanliness of their surroundings and cigarette smoking ) prehistoric . 
  to this day i see kids and adults throwing garbage and spitting wherever they see fit . 
  i blame lack of education and lack of self respect . 
  even my cats shit in a box . 
  edit : these promo videos are ... promo videos . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  just not as bad . 
  i do n't know , hard to describe . 
  i have been to macedonia many times , especially skopje . 
  the city has by far the silliest center of any european city . 
  i believe the money should be spent on cleaning up garbage and not building a monument for a crook by crooks . 
  i have been fortunate enough to travel to most european countries and have never seen anything like this . 
  this was not a gipsy camp , this was a regular neighbourhood , 1000s of them all over the country that look like this . 
  how can seemingly civilized people live like this ? 
  it 's heartbreaking . 
  ( just in front of this photo were well dressed moms , chain smoking cigarettes and talking on their iphones ) http://imgur.com/r0tnw0f, 
  what about bulgaria ? 
  where do we stand ? 
  well said and exactly true . 
  the massive queue outside of the national bank atm till 2am was more of a party scene than anything else . 
  source : i was there , in line , drinking beers . 
  jobs or no jobs , most of them were out drinking beers early this morning and smoking a pack of cigs ... as they do pretty much every day . 
  everything is the same as before . 
  the restaurants are full , people are chainsmoking , having breakfast beers and eating meat on sticks . 
  cheers from greece . 
  stupid bulgaria . 
  yesterday 's gay pride parade in sofia was a feast for the eyes and one of the best parties i 've ever attended . 
  tourism is a huge part of greece 's economy , they use these ` discounts ' to draw people like me into your beautiful country . 
  i 'm just on my way to greece , coincidentally . 
  do n't take taxis in bulgaria , either . 
  actually never take a taxi unless you really , really , really have to . 
  as a polish person , i agree . 
  nope , i 've always though children were gross .
