  i moved here for an adventure . 
  how amazing would that be . 
  get all the shitty people off this planet and allow it to finally breathe . 
  yes , canadians are invading bulgaria with 26 of us moving here permanently/year . 
  you 're doing what ? 
  i am canadian living in bulgaria . 
  you want a bulgarian baby ? 
  you are correct , that 's why i moved here from my cushy life in canada . 
  i fucking love it here . 
  or not have them at all . 
  easily the best choice . 
  i got married at 38 , which is about right . 
  waiting was the best decision i 've ever made . 
  not having kids is the second best . 
  scrap all visa requirements globally . 
  keep em ' in line . 
  ohh . . i have walked down this street countless times . 
  so sad . 
  or you can just get the same pair for $ 6usd on ebay including shipping . 
  of course it will . 
  why are they complaining , then ? 
  looks like millions of dollars of very modern tractors . 
  doubt any were ` handed down ' or inherited . 
  wow , these guys must be really wealthy . 
  these tractors cost more than supercars . 
  where do they get the money for these beautiful tractors ? 
  cheers from bulgaria . 
  yes , people still use horses and donkeys to plow fields . 
  turkey is awesome . 
  i go shopping to istanbul at least once a year . 
  it 's like going to another planet , love it there . 
  the russian girls in sunny beach are all used up , have kids and smoke cigarettes . 
  they 're dumb , superstitious and religious . 
  bad . 
  to make a long story short , i wanted to retire early ( before 40 ) and travel the world , living in one of the most expensive places in the world made that impossible . 
  everyone speaks english here , sadly i have n't learned bulgarian . 
  love you , too . 
  i 'm a canadian who moved to the coast about 5 years ago . 
  sunny beach is a ying and yang kind of a place . 
  a total , peaceful ghost town in the winter and a madhouse in the summer . 
  in the winter we travel ( in sweden at this moment ) , in the summer we spend our days dancing on the beach till sunrise . 
  it 's heaven on earth here , just heaven . 
  ohh and i 'm married to a beautiful canadian girl from montreal . 
  if i was n't , i would rather spend time with a forest gypsy in a tracksuit than a russian . 
  awesome . 
  sunny beach is my home , i live in one of the resorts year round . 
  really sucks , care to elaborate ? 
  ... maybe it 's time to move ? 
  budapest is beautiful . 
  its politics and politicians do n't affect me at all . 
  my wife is part hungarian and has a huge family in budapest that we have visited a couple of times . 
  does that count ? 
  i 'm sticking it out . 
  hopefully one day we can all come to a conclusion . 
  i 'm a canadian and i 'm going back to sunny beach today to hrm : drink beer on the beach in the warm sun . 
  eat some shkembe feed my cats . 
  eat my leftover pie that 's sitting in the fridge . 
  hopefully finish witcher 4 , hopefully . 
  need to find a contractor to put new tiles in on my deck , they finally arrived from spain . 
  get an oil change for my van . 
  etc. . . edit - prejudices about romania ? 
  what are you talking about . 
  i visit romania yearly and have probably explored more of it already than the average romanian . 
  i have lots of friends there , macedonia , too . 
  do what where ? 
  please elaborate . 
  i 'm currently in sweden enjoying valentine 's for the weekend . 
  that 's what i 'm doing . 
  what is your question and why the down vote question . 
  why would i down vote you ? 
  sorry , i 'm confused . 
  yeah , i have a little loft on the black sea , heading there tomorrow . 
  took a trip trip to sweden for the weekend and it 's freakkin - 3 right at this moment . 
  yep . 
  i have been to 35 countries now , mostly in europe ... all over north america and even asia and i have never heard anything of this sort ... 
  i have lived in bulgaria for 4 years , explored most of it and made plenty of bulgarian friends and have never , ever heard such horseshit . 
  why is this funny ? 
  is your post meant to be a joke ? 
  my 12 year old niece uses lol when she talks about her cats . 
  could you elaborate please ? 
  i am a canadian living in bulgaria always considering it a european nation . 
  have i been misinformed ? 
  why is this funny ? 
  lol means funny , i am assuming . 
  i think yak is just a blanket term for shitty russian aircraft . 
  please leave the conspiracies to stupid people where they belong . 
  nothing happened except the very obvious . 
  i love bulgaria because it 's cheap enough that i do n't have to work anymore and spend my mondays drinking beers on a beautiful beach . 
  i 'm doing that now . 
  and bulgaria . 
  i am certain that you are incorrect . 
  because it was . 
  russian communist influence is still visible , even today . 
  ca n't wait to go back . 
  yea , saw this with my own eyes . 
  why the apostrophe ? 
  if you guys have n't been to bucharest , i suggest you do . 
  the architecture is staggering, 
  i sat in that square just a few months ago . 
  in english it means ` angry ' .
