  what is different ? 
  i was there just a few weeks ago , the area around the border and a few kilometers north looks like warsaw in 1945 . 
  seriously , that 's exactly what it looks like . 
  i would be happy to post photos . 
  [ edit ] http://mattandamalia.com/?p=16999, 
  what a bizarre place cyprus is . 
  i was just there a few weeks ago and crossed that strange border to the turkey side , the poverty is staggering . 
  looks like a war zone . 
  i grew up in poland around the mafia ( the catholic church ) in the 70s and this is a really touchy subject for me hence my cruel tone . 
  very standard and very inexpensive . 
  i live in a bulgarian village and my cheap ass loft has these as many many many homes back in canada . 
  fuck off you primitive dolt . 
  just a regular person and not a fuckin ' superstitious cretin . 
  you did n't know that ? 
  i thought that was common knowledge . 
  you are so right ... ugh , that just sent an shiver down my spine thinking about my mentally ill ( ie.religious ) polish grandma and her house full of stupid trinkets . 
  i wish i knew , i really wish i knew . 
  my wife and i go outside and play a game of `` spot a non-smoking bulgarian '' , i doubt we find 5 in a day . 
  cigarettes just crippled this country . 
  smoking , everyone is fucking smoking . 
  bulgaria . 
  cheers from bulgaria . 
  we 're heading out to the `` irish '' pub in nessebar to drink guinness from cans !!!!!!!!, 
  right . . right ... hrm . 
  looks like i have some reading to do ... thank you . 
  is n't the pis the fucked up church party from the 17th century many poles seem to be upset with ? 
  ohh . . i really do n't think any politician really has any control over fuel costs unless their party chooses to subsidize it somehow . 
  i will have to read up on the rest ... i am planning a trip to poland in the next month or so ... ca n't wait !, 
  could you tell me 3 things you dislike about him . 
  i am sorry , i just do n't know anything about this subject . 
  i 'm polish but lived in canada pretty much all of my life . 
  do we like this guy ? 
  it 's astronomically high . 
  last week i saw a guy holding two ( yes 2 ) packs of cigarettes . 
  ahh yes , i live 30 kilometers from burgas . 
  this person is % 100 correct . 
  the tracksuits need cigarette burns , random dumpster dirt and paint marks for complete authenticity . 
  way too clean . 
  where are the sticky stains , the paint marks and cigarette holes . 
  or stolen . 
  eastern european pajamas . 
  6 billion people and millions of orphans . . it will work just fine . 
  if no one has kids ... that 's even better . . the earth could use a few thousand years without us , assholes . 
  how am i selfish ... i said i do n't want kids and i am perfectly capable of not relying on them , sheesh . 
  easier or not , adopting is the moral choice . 
  ohhhh god , yes . 
  or just come down here and scoop one up ... pretty much everyone is beautiful around here . 
  legacy , what the hell does that even mean . 
  you 'll be dead , who cares ? 
  yeah , you want a family , get some pets and surround yourself with great friends . 
  as the very , very , very , very last resort ... when you just absolutely need to have a kid to take care and play with , instead of being a selfish dick - adopt . 
  sure , definitely ... 
  but many/most people have children for the wrong reasons . 
  i know , people are selfish and dumb and need something to play with to make themselves artificially happy and useful . 
  happily the tide is finally turning and more people are realizing there is more to life than sleepless nights and wiping asses . 
  because i retired at 40 , live in a beach resort and love to travel ( 38 countries ) and the thought of even looking at a child grosses me out . 
  i do n't have time for that shit , i have a life to live . 
  bulgaria is next ... ... hehe , just kidding . 
  i 'm very heterosexual and happily married , the thought of reproduction and children gives me ` the vomits ' . 
  and bulgaria . 
  we should have this in bg in about 100 years . 
  no it 's not , not even close . 
  i do n't live there but visit often , i find it incredibly rich and interesting . 
  thank you for sharing this . 
  i must let you know that things have changed around here quite a bit since the communist times but yes , racism and certainly corruption are still a huge issue here . 
  you wo n't regret it . 
  sofia is beautiful . 
  even bulgaria . 
  nice ... 
  not me , ever . 
  was actually just in france about 10 days ago . 
  glorious country . 
  sofia is amazing and eat everything . 
  definitely have a hot bowl of shkembe and a few kuftes . 
  i live off this stuff . 
  other than that walk around and explore and do n't forget a few bulgarian ales , you can grab one at every street corner . 
  loads of snow in the mountaney areas ... hope you have a blast !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  great news !!!!!!!!!!!, 
  cheers from bulgaria !!!, 
  i live just across the black sea from this ... . it 's hard for me to even think about it . 
  i have been here many times on school trips and as a tourist just a few years ago . 
  it 's astonishingly beautiful . 
  with all due respect , i arrived to bulgaria from vancouver almost 6 years ago and fell in love instantly . 
  i live on the coast ( in sb ) and would n't leave for 5 million dollars . 
  i am so happy you liked being here , it 's my center of the world ... ( let me buy you a coffee next time you return ) . 
  i was there 2 days ago and i love it ... and i love the coffee ( especially the 40 stotinki coffee from the machines ) . 
  glad you came to visit beautiful bulgaria ... cheers from the french alps !!!!, 
  ahhhahahahahah ... cigarette butt water . 
  ca n't wait to get back to sb and see the apres carnage . 
  sofia is stunning , you guys should go go go go go . 
  50 cent pints in bulgaria . 
  cheers from bulgaria 's black sea coast . 
  booking my flight now . 
  ... and bring cigarettes . 
  what a beautiful , heartwarming tradition . 
  good . 
  hah , realize that you were in petersburg , the only relatively `` modern '' part of russia . 
  what a filthy shit hole . 
  agreed . 
  most westerners have no idea what life was like in poland .
