  what the fuck is with people ? 
  my wife and i love azis , even saw him in concert in sunny beach once !, 
  comeon bulgaria ... let 's get out of the fucking dark ages !!!!!!!, 
  no idea what you 're talking about , i really do n't know about the history around here . 
  i must be honest with you , however , that i am significantly more interested in the future of the region than its tumultuous past . 
  good news . 
  hello from bg . 
  comeon people , it 's time to move to the 21st century ... i hope that bulgaria is next . 
  it 's time to turn the tide again primitiveness and bigotry . 
  paradise on earth here . 
  i 'm surrounded by beautiful people , amazing food and about 60 beach bars that sell 50 cent pints . 
  i think i 'll have a few for my monday morning breakfast now ... 
  cheers . 
  you can buy a house on an acre of land in bulgaria for a 5 month 's rent in vancouver . 
  or live in bulgaria and work remotely for a company in london . 
  cheers from my beach loft in bulgaria . 
  nice to retire at 40 . 
  how is he standing up without a cigarette ? 
  you know you 're mentally ill when ... . 
  why ? 
  would n't this be a good thing for everyone ? 
  yes . 
  [ here is a bulgarian garbage can . 
  they do pay their taxes , all of them . 
  cheers from bulgaria . 
  cheers from bulgaria . 
  it 's raining here today but i have a big box wine and some pickled fish , which is nice . 
  somewhat true . 
  i must tell you that moving to canada in the middle of that whole mess was like ... 
  literally moving to another planet 100 years into the future . 
  some really fond memories , i was only 12 . 
  poland is still at least 20 years behind the civilized world , bulgaria even more . 
  source : just spent 3 months campervanning across poland . 
  own a beach house on bulgaria 's black sea . 
  fucking communism did a great number on this region . . its remains are still clear as day . 
  dude , that 's the opposite . 
  please re-read my previous comment . 
  but you must admit , it was an awful time to raise a family . 
  people worked all the time barely to survive . 
  in poland we had little tickets that allocated us only a few slices of meat and bread/month . 
  it was a joyful time if you had money coming from the west ( my dad 's sister was wealthy and lived in canada , my dad worked in france ) . 
  i had a great life , most people did not . 
  there was joy if you had money ( lived in poland in the 70s and my dad brought money in from france ) . 
  shopping at pewex and living large in gdansk . 
  i think it 's the opposite . 
  why would you even write that . 
  a lot of eastern europe still looks exactly like the photos . 
  i just travelled around eastern europe in my campervan ( visited 24 countries in the region ) , took me a year . 
  it was an incredible experience . 
  yeah , so fucked up . 
  so cute . 
  i was just asking some russians how they feel about the population of their country losing touch with reality and ... . [ you have been banned from / russia ] . 
  that 's all . 
  who comes up with this shit . 
  i mean , really ? 
  well said , very well said . 
  thank you !, 
  that 's why i do n't live in poland ( i 'm polish - canadian ) . 
  the polish mafia ( the catholic church ) has completely taken over and turned almost everyone into a zombie . 
  my eyes are tearing up as i write this to you . 
  i 'm so sad . 
  [ those fucking assholes at ave maria radio and asshole priests at my grandparent 's church in gdansk not only stole their money but their whole life . . their whole life they spent scared , crying on their knees and praying ... for what ... nothing . 
  the christian church in poland should be held responsible for their actions and most of the people who oversee it should be jailed + the church 's assets liquidated and given back to the poles ], 
  wow , you 're fucking primitive idiot . 
  it 's frightening to think people still think like you on this planet . 
  i am slowly starting to realize that english is not your first language . 
  you may want to google the difference between murder and abortion in your native language , you 'll be shocked to hear the facts . 
  good luck . 
  you dumb dope . 
  i do n't condone child murder . 
  re-read my comments and the context of this whole reddit post . 
  we are talking about abortion here , you dumb dope . 
  it 's frightening that people who still talk/think this way live on this planet . 
  of course not , that 's crazy . 
  i do , however , support abortion and women 's rights . 
  you 're a dope . 
  exactly !, 
  he 's polish . 
  what the hell is wrong with polish people ? 
  paradise on earth . 
  i go at least once a year . 
  yep , just visited thessaloniki ... you guys dump your shit around just as much as bulgarians . 
  i wonder if i could find one cigarette butt on the ground in vancouver or victoria . 
  you guys need to come visit bulgaria where a `` smoke break '' is those few minutes between smoking a cigarette . 
  cigarette consumption in 2016 has actually increased - hilariously sad . 
  ( i was just in thessaloniki and it 's just as bad ) . 
  lack of google maps . 
  i have been to thessaloniki more than 1/2 dozen times , athens more than i can count and even spent a month campervanning across most of the country . 
  two mondays ago when i was in thess i had a hard time finding a place to eat or have a coffee most of the places were packed to the brim with people having fun , smoking and drinking . 
  you guys like to complain but you guys like to have fun 1000 times more ... and that 's why greece is my favorite fun-destination . 
  you will soon , do n't worry . 
  well , then you must be underage . 
  there is no other way . 
  never met a greek without a pack of smokes . 
  good for you . 
  let me guess , you had a few drinks and smoked a half a pack of cigarettes before noon today ? 
  if not , you 're lying . 
  i decided to be unemployed and now officially have been for 5 years ( i 'm 43 ) . 
  i visit greece all the time and love to drink with the complaining locals on monday mornings . 
  the greek culture is the laziest of all and that 's why i love the country and the greeks .
