uk is a good ally, 
  yeah except you were unwanted . 
  all of their smart people immigrated to our country already . 
  the leftovers are the current inhabitants . 
  such is the case with most of eu and me . 
  well i admit i am not a globalist . 
  i am for the preservation of our country 's sovereignty and for the safety of our people . 
  and we should make our country the priority in the world . 
  we should strengthen ourselves before other countries . 
  i dont think there 's anything wrong with my positions . 
  yeah , bonus points for the fact that you favored hillary . 
  lol, 
  fitting username . 
  wow * still * butthurt over your candidate killary losing lol, 
  you didnt answer the question so obviously that means yes . 
  wow i feel sorry for you , be careful of migrants . 
  maybe when i go on vacation next time i will give you some coins in your cup . 
  i bet you 're a gypsy . 
  you sound like a gypsy . 
  you have to beg on the streets dont you, 
  it means nothing to you because you have no money to spend . 
  you wear rags . 
  we have thousands of brands lol, 
  you were taxed too much you cant afford your own country 's brands, 
  you cant afford either . 
  lol you cant even afford brands from your own country . 
  but the migrants can, 
  i like how you assume you have a higher income, 
  we own you . 
  you should focus on taking care of your country . 
  yeah for example the sanctions against russia , we made you do that . 
  you will do whatever we tell you . 
  we also won the cold war :p, 
  kind of dumb how you feel the need to say you 're not racist just because that brand has a black lady on it . 
  no dude , merkels tactic is to do nothing about any problems , and then wait till it blows over . 
  europeans are not big on action , they are all talk . 
  uk is an exception to this . 
  ceta was just passed . 
  the fuck are you taking about . 
  as an american all i have to say is : hahahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahah good one , trudy, 
   least common denominator . 
  more like because we dominate your whole world  damn . 
  you salty boy . 
  maybe you should change your attitude about the very serious problems facing your country, 
  no your military is still a joke, 
  i was referring to libya there , sorry that was n't clearer . 
  when you 're a powerful country like america , it becomes a necessity , even if you dont like it ... 
  right now my country does the dirty work because no one else is willing to ... 
   those are 2 different issues . 
  nobody needs carriers to guard shipping lanes against pirates . 
  not in the eyes of the usn . 
  and they are the experts , not you . 
   hinas agression in the south chinese sea is a very different issue . 
  and while it sucks , i dont see why the eu should care about something that is so far away and doesnt affect us at all . 
  this is why the usn needs to be strong , so that it can deal with any issue that arises . 
  you can not be serious in saying trade with china doesnt affect you at all ... ... . . 
   and the only country that has ever invoked art 5 up to now was the us us is more deserving because it contributes more to your safety  have you ever heard of a frenchman complaining before about the dead french soldiers in your afghanistan war ? 
  how about all that french equipment that was used in the afghanistan war ? 
  they dont contribute much in the first place so it 's not really a loss  how about the aircraft carrier that participated in afghanistan , how about the 4000 soldiers there , how about the 1700 sorties ? 
  your military is a joke hahahahahahaha but no the us has been paying for your defense for decades , you need to pay the fuck up . 
   aww . 
  you salty :d thank you for trying to talk like an american   are you salty cuz cheeto benito has made you the laughing stock of the world ? 
  no , i am disappointed because despite everything we 've done to save your country , france is a cesspool . 
  no wonder a more right wing leader is predicted to win your elections  i ca n't wait for cheeto 's show to start in a few hours . 
  i wonder what crazy stunts he 'll pull  ) maybe drain the swamp a bit more by putting another gs exec in his administration . 
  it is quite evident youre obsessed with american affairs lol how pathetic good luck with all the african and arab muslim migrants raping the young girls of your country , though . 
   with an airforce strong enough not strong enough  i wonder where you got your jets from ? 
  perhaps america ?? 
  lol  because that decision was made by the french nato commander in charge of things , who was following the secret agreement you guys made . 
  maybe if you were not so weak , you would be allowed a seat at the table  oh well , better luck next time !, 
  hahahaha, 
  if you had had a stronger air force , you could have avoided this , 
  the french needed heavy american assistance in its libya and mali operations . 
  you ca n't even carry out your own fucking operations without our help . 
  that is why you have to provide reimbursement to us . 
  because you are currently too weak and incompetent to supply your own fucking soldiers . 
  the really disgusting thing about the french is that they try to take credit , in the media , for american achievements . 
  very disgusting . 
  ** edit : ** clarification on the last sentence : [ above all , mr. obama appeared weary of the constant demands and expectations placed on the united states . 
  `` free riders aggravate me , '' he said . 
  he put france and britain in that category , at least as far as the libya operation was concerned . 
  prime minister david cameron of britain , he said , became distracted by other issues , while president nicolas sarkozy of france `` wanted to trumpet the flights he was taking in the air campaign , despite the fact that we had wiped out all the air defenses . '' ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/10/world/middleeast/obama-criticizes-the-free-riders-among-americas-allies.html?_r=1 ), 
  protection of global shipping lanes from harassing nations and pirates . 
  right now the us is the only country protecting them with its navy . 
  do you not pay attention to what is happening in the news regarding the south china sea ? 
  if not , do you think it 's all just a meaningless joke ? 
  ask yourself how all your overseas imports got to your market , and you will arrive at this answer . 
  lithuanian law has the discrepancy, 
  umm there is plenty of discrepancy between adults and children in the law of most countries lol, 
  i 'm suspicious of someone who questions measures against child abuse . 
  how do you not see a difference between a stranger and a family member ? 
  youre not hurting a child if you put them in their room . 
  but if you want to force your child into its room that 's your prerogative . 
  i 'm sure others have better more civil ways of resolving issues at home . 
  wow go ahead and beat some children , then . 
  seriously , you should be beaten if you want to hurt children . 
  if you hurt a child in any manner youre a piece of shit . 
  dont be a piece of shit . 
  if you beat a child with your hands , you should receive a proportional beating . 
  you can physically restrain them without hurting them .
