  exponential growth does n't just happen in populations , it happens in science and technology as well . 
  technological growth is the fastest it 's ever been , and between now and 2100 will see every faster advance . 
  look at energy . 
  yes , climate change is n't looking good , but we 've made loads of progress . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battersea_power_station ) used to be how the developed west generated electricity in the 1930s , around 80-90 years ago ( 2100 is around 80 years away ) . 
  compare that to now , where not only does the majority of the world 's energy come from more efficient oil and natural gas , but we also have nuclear , and renewables are seeing rapid growth . 
  even coal has advanced , energy efficiency since the days of shovelling coal into a brick furnace has increased massively . 
  and food ? 
  well we might start running out of space , but industrialised farming techniques in the last 80 years have helped . 
  in fact , food production per capita has [ increased steadily ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agricultural_productivity#/media/file:food_production_per_capita.svg ) since 1960 . 
  so currently it 's a myth that food is running out . 
  our agriculture techniques will only become more efficient as better and better use of land becomes available to the developing world . 
  the 20th century had tractors and the green revolution , the 21st century will see gmos and whatever other technology we ca n't even imagine today , take off . 
  of course , climate change and desertification will be issues , but they are issues we can fight . 
  overall , technology can do amazing things , and when humanity is pushed , it always prevails . 
  living standards have always gone up , ever since 10000 years ago , and we have the ability to keep that trend going . 
  east asia and india had very fast population growth from 1950-2000 , but they 've turned out ... pretty ok . 
  why is that a problem ? 
  50 years ago , population growth was mainly in india and china , and while it was n't all ideal , there was no giant collapse . 
  germany 's population is never going to reach even close to 1 billion . 
  european populations are all going to start going down in the next few decades , unless there 's mass immigration , due to [ demographic transition ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_transition ) . 
  western europe may end up kinda like japan , but with more immigrants . 
  edit : nvm , i realised it was probably a joke now . 
  att least it 's better than the harry potter tour . 
   harry potter studio tour ffs, 
   who can blame poles or hungarians for being nationalistic , when others treat them like shit . 
  i mean , yeah , but you ca n't absolve people of blame just because they have their reasons . 
  it 's always wrong to be racist , however badly you 've been treated in the past , just more understandable . 
  the good thing about the internet is that there 's about 4 billion people on it . 
  if you find some cancer , you can just leave and find other people . 
  ca n't really do that as easily in real life . 
  all british cities have white british as the biggest group . 
  even london has a little under 50 % i think . 
  maybe not ` almost all ' , but most . 
  i wish russia would just stop trying to be a major country , if not become a good one . 
  with a gdp like that of italy , they still act as if their armies control half of europe . 
  i like how hitler wrote a book about how he was gon na conquer and exterminate everyone , especially those dirty jews and slavs , and everyone seemed to just laugh it off and think he was bluffing when he came to power . 
  and then 10 years later `` oh , shit , he was actually serious . '', 
  the thought that for centuries there were many people that knew religious texts were not literally true , and now in the age where we can literally see planets orbiting other stars , have theories regarding spacetime and quantum physics and send robots to other planets , 38 % of the population of the richest , most powerful country on earth believe something debunked 1000 years ago . 
  i 'm really excited about spacex and pretty happy with where tesla is going , but i 'm cautious about this . 
  i 've seen many technical challenges raised , and the idea of a vacuum-tube train has been around for 100 years and never successfully attempted , perhaps for a reason . 
  although i 'm a * massive * fan of what elon musk is doing , it 's true , he basically funded a [ 100 year old idea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vactrain ) . 
  oh god , i did n't even notice them the first time . 
  this makes no sense . 
  if it was fahrenheit , it would be the same , just a different number . 
  ultimately , my stance is all sides have some good points and some nonsense points . 
  in the end , i just say they 're both right sometimes , and look at things on a case by case basis . 
  i see no need to strictly abide by some identity politics ideology . 
  hmm ... 
  this map looks awfully familiar . 
  where have i seen this before ... [ nazis = coffee confirmed ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:second_world_war_europe_1941-1942_map_en.png ), 
  yeah , as far as i 've heard , within a lifetime ago there simply was not a concept of a teenager . 
  people just were a child , and then sort of became an adult , as far as society was concerned . 
  are we just creating more and more subdivisions indefinitely ? 
  it was only a few generations ago that the concept of a teenager came about . 
  in 100 years ' time it 'll just be a different name for every month between 3 and 21 . 
  darth plagueis was a dark lord of the russians , so powerful and so wise he could use diplomacy to influence prussia , sweden and austria to destroy poland . 
  it 'll be a long time until china overtakes the entire continent of europe . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4th_of_august_regime metaxas won constitutionally in 1936 , but soon after seized total power , backed up by the monarchy . 
  greek democracy did n't really exist until the invasion by germany . 
  i was arguing it is cruel , as it necessarily punishes innocents with no possibility for correction . 
  jesus , you can disagree that brexit will be a success , but downvoting someone for saying thank you ? 
  wow . 
  the death penalty is non-reversible , and whatever procedures you have , some innocent people will be sentenced . 
  if you have someone in prison who turns out to be innocent , they can be released and reimbursed with money . 
  it does n't make up for the lost life , but it 's something . 
  if a dead person turns out to be innocent , well , they 're dead . 
  the death penalty is non-reversible , and whatever procedures you have , some innocent people will be sentenced . 
  if you have someone in prison who turns out to be innocent , they can be released and reimbursed with money . 
  it does n't make up for the lost life , but it 's something . 
  if a dead person turns out to be innocent , well , they 're dead . 
  the uk fought tooth and nail for * 6 years * , part of it alone against german-dominated europe , to save poland . 
  we could have signed a peace treaty with germany in 1940 , but we did n't . 
  sorry , but whatever happened to poland , it was better than [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost ) . 
  if the nazis won , we 'd be saying `` what poland ? 
  you mean south prussia ? '', 
  or declare war on japan over manchuria , making italy not dare invade ethiopia . 
  however , a european coalition fighting a war against japan in the 20s may have been logistically difficult . 
  another big things - at the same time as the rhineland , the abyssinia crisis was going on with italy , and war with italy seemed a possibility . 
  at this point , it may have seemed unwise to ` attack ' germany while italy , a key ally of the west against germany at the time , was invading ethiopia against the wishes of the international community . 
  and even if we won , we 'd be seen as the aggressors . 
  in 1935 , germany had not really done that much wrong . 
  sure , the nazis had arrested opposition and were started to create an authoritarian state , but so did many countries around the world . 
  freedom and democracy were not givens . 
  when germany had not set foot in another country , it would have been seen as overly militaristic for france and britain to bully germany again . 
  i actually think the western allies get too much bad rep for the treaty of versailles . 
  sure , the war guilt clause and massive reparations were mistakes in hindsight . 
  however , in terms of territory , the treaty was fairly lax . 
  compare it to brest-litovsk with equally hard reparations and vast territorial losses of russia . 
  i think , combined with the harshness of some parts of the treaty , the german psyche itself is partly to blame . 
  during the war , germany was the only major power not to sell war bonds and raise emergency funds , instead taking out international loans and banking on paying them off from spoils of war . 
  backfired when they did n't actually win . 
  furthermore , while germany had real issues in the 20s economically , by 1933 when hitler was coming to power , it seemed germany had recovered . 
  versailles had been renegotiated and modified in many areas , the german economy was back on track , the republic was certainly much more stable than the chaos of the early 20s , and germany was becoming a major player on the international stage through the league of nations and world trade . 
  it was at this time of recovery and prosperity , not the various far right and left revolutions of the 1920s , that the nazis achieved victory through democratic channels , and hitler was appointed chancellor . 
  from this evidence , it could be argued the war reparations actually had little to no effect on the rise of the nazis , because by 1933 , they had been mostly payed off or forgiven , and the german economy was n't doing anywhere near as badly as it was in much of the 20s . 
  that 's always been a great thought of mine . 
  if ww2 never happened , and the atomic bomb was slowly developed simultaneously by all the great powers through the 40s and 50s . 
  eventually , when a second great war does break out , nobody realises how powerful the bomb is , and every major power nukes the frontlines and their enemy 's military bases and urban areas , creating ridiculous levels of destruction . 
  perhaps not a world-ending event like a nuclear war in the 80s , but certainly collapse for all nations involved .
