  why not just stand back , see all of humanity as one , and just look at the problems of today , such as terrorism , crime , even climate change etc. 
  and just all work together to treat them ? 
  if we create an arbitrary groups to blame , it automatically implies * all * of that group is responsible , or at least at risk of being responsible . . obviously in cases such as islamic terrorism , we have to look at islam in particular , but even then , do not treat it as something muslims are going to do , but something the ideology of islamism pushes humans to do . 
  identity politics is the same thing that caused the horrendous wars and crimes of the 20th century . 
  we ca n't simply blame entire groups any more . 
  to be fair the roof was likely made of wood , which would never last anyway . 
  wikipedia  in spite of the still widespread idealised image , greek temples were painted , so that bright reds and blues contrasted with the white of the building stones or of stucco . 
  roman temples were presumably similar . 
  there 's various recreations of what they would have looked like available on google . 
  they would n't have been purely white . 
  would this have been painted with bright colours back then ? 
  if they tried it only a few years before , you would have thought they 'd try it again with the civil war . 
  stay in spain ? 
  it 's your choice ( i mean , as a member of catalonia ) , but that option 's always there . 
  this is how i think the rest of the world felt about scotland in 2014 . 
  brexit is a roadblock . 
  the world is more united than ever . 
  muat be . 
  no way they would get that close before realising they were off . 
  and david cameron brought in same-sex marriage while leading the literal conservative party . 
  you can be a conservative overall and still want some changes . 
  um ... the us economy is miles bigger than the german one . 
  by several times . 
  it 's not even close , it 's like france vs luxembourg . 
  you can be socially conservative but still believe science and technology should advance , even if society stays roughly the same . 
  especially as wales voted to leave the eu . 
  the map does n't say that at all . 
  that 's probably not at all how they were pronounced . 
  maybe a soft brexit is ultimately better for the uk than staying in the eu . 
  people always bring this up , but the fact is , that 's irrelevant . 
  russia does n't deserve special treatment , and can not say other countries do n't have the right to have military bases hosted outside russian borders . 
  i say , good . 
  i 'm happy russia is surrounded by us military bases , because it might send a message to putin that you ca n't just annex bits of european countries . 
  you do n't think russia is a possible threat ? 
  it 's later referenced again in another one about dropping mountains . 
  franco-british union . 
  look it up . 
  what could have been ... 
  yes, 
  brit here . 
  i think he can sometimes be funny , but often he goes too far and he 's just shouting and it 's not funny anymore . 
  have fun in hell , damned heretic . 
  not to disrespect your history , but at least stalin did n't [ wipe out every trace of your country and countless others ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost ), 
  i was under the impression some were saying article 50 could be unilaterally withdrawn by the uk . 
  this is a lesson to people who say their votes do n't matter . 
  so close as well . 
  i guess we 've switched again . 
  corbyn has said he will leave the eu . 
  he has said he is determined to remain in , or associate to , the single market . 
  one can dream, 
  pretty sure it was a joke . 
  it was deemed too important i think , all powers would have wanted it . 
  it probably would have become a free city like danzig . 
  ca n't get overthrown by ethnic minorities if there are no ethnic minorities . 
  when you have lower gdp growth than greece in the first quarter . 
  i do n't see why it would . 
  the uk 's position would n't be compromised in any way . 
  right , it will cause some issues , but it wo n't cause a ` muslim takeover ' that many people are claiming . 
  more importantly , the migrant crisis is basically over now . 
  numbers of migrants entering europe is back down to just above pre-crisis levels . 
  i mean , that 's true , but until the early 50s the uk and france maintained quite a high level of power , just below superpower status . 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
  the nazis had support of a third of the german population , does n't make them not extremists . 
  why ? 
  it would essentially make nato have 2 main powers instead of just 1 . 
  the 14th biggest city in china is bigger than london . 
  who would 've thought . 
  right , because a party is n't allowed to advocate for itself ? 
  a couple of instances in a country of over 50 million people is honestly not too bad . 
  on the bbc she was translated as saying ` good neighbourly relations with other countries , * even * russia ' . 
  can anyone tell me if her tone implies this , or more like above ? 
  i never said anything of the sort . 
  as i 've said multiple times elsewhere , if russia was to make a nato-style alliance , voluntarily from both parties , with , for example , morocco , i would n't care . 
  this is within both country 's rights , just as it 's within the rights for eastern europe to be in nato . 
   oh , come on . 
  everyone knows that nato is just an instrument of us geopolitical domination over the europe . 
  no need to play idiot and try to convince me that `` nato is a defensive military alliance '' . 
  i mean , that 's just not true . 
  yes , it does increase the power of the us , but it 's main purpose is to defend smaller countries . 
  why would countries willingly join if they were to become us vassals ? 
  you think britain and france with over 100 nukes each is powerless to stop their ` american overlords ' . 
  more importantly , why does it actually matter ? 
  let 's suppose it 's true , nato is just the greater american empire . 
  so what ? 
  countries joined it voluntarily . 
  russia has no business here . 
  if a country wants to join an alliance and make itself a vassal , who cares ? 
   why did the us & client states invade libya than ? 
  why do they think they have a right to bomb a country they do n't like ? 
  when will their leaders get to the hague court as war criminals ? 
  i do n't support the attacking of libya , but this is just more whataboutism . 
  nato is a defensive military alliance and has nothing to do with the wars in the middle-east , which were single states ( us and uk ) doing their own thing . 
  russia , in annexing crimea has shown itself to be aggressive , and therefore nato serves its purpose in protecting europe . 
  if russia wants to make a nato-style defensive alliance with syria and iran or whatever , go ahead , i honestly do n't care . 
  all states have the right to defend themselves and eachother . 
  that 's completely different , and frankly irrelevant . 
  all that matters is the baltic states want to be in nato , and russia has nothing to do with it . 
  they are a state like any other . 
  yeah , but the point is russia 's point of view does n't trump the wishes of actual eastern-european nato members . 
  how many of those countries have been annexed ?
