  i would agree if the monarchy did n't bring us more money from tourism . 
  partially ( well , to be fair , we 're partly to blame too ) , but i think it 's both pointless and incorrect to entirely blame the us for the problems . 
  i 'd think countries in the schengen area would have more of a problem with immigration than us . 
  neither do i. 
  i did n't know that ... quick , how do i get out '', 
  i live in one of only half a dozen countries with weapons powerful enough to wipe cities off the face of the earth . 
  come at me bro . 
  i think that 's just because ww2 is more recent , but i think ww2 is seen as more of a tragedy , partly because way more brits died in ww1 than ww2 . 
  very different to ww2 . 
  in the uk , it 's seen as this huge bloodbath for no good reason , millions of people being sent to the western front , trenches , the somme , 1 million dead for about 5 miles advanced , stuff like that . 
  at least for ww2 we can say it was to stop the nazis , who were objectively worse than the allies ( especially western ) , but in ww1 it 's hard to say one side was better . 
  also , ww1 killed far more brits than ww2 , and was the first and really only time the british had mobilised their land forces fully and fought a long , bloody land campaign . 
  britain had always been based on its navy , with the army being more a small , specialist force for crushing savages abroad . 
  ww1 was the first time there was conscription , and the british army was almost built from scratch in that war . 
  france and turkey can get lost too . 
  i know english and korean fluently , i 'm decent at french , and i know a very small amount of greek . 
  and now we can never be together . 
  because of you . 
  ah , great , another one . 
  hi there . 
  in the way of the white flags . 
  it 's a pretty minor part of ww2 as far as we 're concerned . 
  a footnote talking about why the us entered the war . 
  the much bigger parts as far as the uk is concerned are the western fronts , north africa , the air war , and to a lesser extent the eastern front . 
  the pacific war is a minor thing here . 
  honestly , i do n't think it 's too bad , the whole area looks quite nice . 
  there 's much better things to go and see though . 
  people used to be shorter . 
  jesus was probably under 5 foot . 
  i 'd love to see the uk join again . 
  i mean , we had a pretty sweet deal before , and we 've thrown that away , but i still think it 'd be better to at least be in the eea than not . 
  turkey will not join , at least not for decades , not until cyprus is sorted out and enough time has passed . 
  unfortunately , this time in 3 years the borders of the eu will probably end in calais . 
  other than that , there 's little room for expansion for the eu . 
  i could see some balkan nations joining , but turkey 's not getting in unless they sort out cyprus and human rights . 
  still , in my mind , it 's no contest . 
  in the us , if trump wants to do something insane , there 's people to stop him . 
  there 's various independent branches of the government , and freedom of the press means contrary ideas are allowed to spread . 
  in china , nothing is stopping the government from just arresting people without reason , silencing voices , and declaring tibet to have never existed . 
  i 'm probably the only person in the uk to agree . 
  seriously , though , trump is an idiot , but at least a democratic system , political and other freedoms , and protection of citizens ( to a degree ) still exists in the us . 
  i 'd take a free nation ruled by an imbecile over a authoritarian nightmare ruled by a genius as an ally any day . 
  i do n't want european nations to become american pawns , but for the democracies of the world to come together , discuss , and work as one . 
  probably ireland is the closest to us . 
  maybe i am biased , in fact i probably am , but to me having i/you/he / she makes sense , since that affects the meaning of the word . 
  however , just having a word be feminine/masculine/neuter for often no real reason seems utterly pointless . 
  i 've only ever been to the paris one , due to proximity . 
  from what i 've heard , the one in the us is ridiculous , basically a small country . 
  you have even more tea than us . 
  it 's technically not . 
  as a member of nato and with ties to the eu and the west , it is , by definition , a 1st world country . 
  i scoff at your measly colonies . 
  seriously , why do words even have genders ? 
  as someone who speaks english and korean ( both of which have no genders ) , and is ( trying to ) learn french and greek , seriously it seems utterly stupid and arbitrary . 
  whose idea was it ? 
  just a thing , i speak korean , and it has no different form for plural . 
  it has numbers , but no plural form . 
  also , different tenses are created with a variety of suffixes , such as continuous suffix , past/future suffix etc. 
  so present continuous would be verb + continuous , future perfect is verb + past + future, 
  as someone who can speak korean reasonably fluently ( but lacks in vocabulary because i do n't live there ) , i feel the same way listening to japanese . 
  i 'm sure for someone who lived in korea all their life they sound different , but to me someone speaking japanese and korean sound pretty similar , except i can understand korean , while i do n't know a single word of japanese . 
  seeing as farage went to speak at a trump rally praising him , i 'd say they have a lot in common . 
  when people in the uk criticise someone else 's election system , you know something 's seriously wrong . 
  hitler was not voted in by a majority at first , but various victories , such as reoccupation of the rhineland , perceived incompetence of the league of nations and the west , anschluss , annexation of czechoslovakia , and eventually amazing victories against both poland and france ( who , besides jokes , was one of the strongest military powers on earth , and a nation that germany failed to take for 4 years 20 years before ) , meant that by that time support for hitler was enormous . 
  trump would need to have some monumental victories on the world stage to get that kind of support , like single-handedly ending the wars in the middle-east and brokering a peaceful resolution in ukraine , as well as pulling away from china . 
  unlikely . 
  trump might actually be good for the uk . 
  while i disagree with both brexit and trump , i think he is more open to trade deals between the uk and us than most . 
  then again , he seems to be pro-protectionism , so idk . 
  `` this time , for real '', 
  the thing is , if he woke up in around 1920 , he 'd have been overjoyed . 
  it 's a joke, 
  yeah , but we 'd stay out of the european federation afterwords ( as expected ) . 
  i think we could close all the borders and just never have the infection reach us . 
  we 're good at isolating ourselves from the mainland . 
  i honestly think nation-states and nationality wo n't even be a thing by 2200 , but that 's just me . 
  yeah . 
  the falklands was a very difficult campaign full of problems for the uk ( like all the helicopters being destroyed before use and having to gain air superiority using limited carrier space against the entire argentine airforce ) , and that was back when britain 's military was stronger than it is now ( relatively ) . 
  nowadays , projecting power outside the north atlantic and western europe would be very difficult , if not impossible . 
  i honestly do n't know enough about us states to know this . 
  i probably could n't name many more than 10 off the top of my head . 
  well , if 48 % is unpopular ... 
  this is pretty embarrassing ... 
  a question . 
  from what i can gather , italians were against the war when mussolini allied with hitler , and of course italy later switched sides . 
  so in italy do people see themselves as being one of the allies ? 
  nothing , really . 
  ww2 is a big bit of national pride , and people love to push the narrative of the brave , plucky island holding out for months against nazi europe . 
  ww1 is the one people argue about , mostly because there 's no definitive ` bad guy ' like in ww2 . 
  many people think it was a senseless waste of human life , and we should n't have gone to war . 
  i speak english ( duh ) and korean fluently . 
  i speak a reasonable amount of french , enough for most basic conversation . 
  i speak a very little amount of greek . 
  well , if may get 's her way , i wo n't have to move . 
  yeah , middle generally refers to wealthy people , whereas upper class refers to the elite . 
  communism and socialism are similar , but different . 
  afaik , there are no actual socialist or communist countries in existence . 
  socialism is state ownership of the means of production , communism is a stateless , collective ownership of the means of production . 
  communism has no government , by definition . 
  nope,
