  completely different people voted for the same side in the referendum . 
  i mean , that 's how it works in practise , but i do n't think that 's how the system was meant to work . 
  then it wo n't be , on a case by case basis . 
  talk about authoritarianism , there 's nothing more authoritarian than convicting groups of people . 
  if an individual wants to destroy or damage society , we crack down on them hard , but we do n't crack down on everyone even vaguely linked to them . 
  that 's what north korea gets criticised for . 
  for god 's sake . 
  i 'd consider myself politically leftist , that does n't mean i support all the views of every left-wing person in history . 
  sargon of akkad , for example , is clearly a leftist , but is very critical of many parts of the left . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with him on everything , but i hate how he always gets labelled as a right-wing bigot . 
  are you insane ? 
  2 european countries excluding russia have nuclear weapons . 
  western europe is completely safe from any threat . 
  nobody mentioned islam . 
  you 're just a fucking idiot . 
  why do people care about the sex of the president for god 's sake ? 
  just make it whoever 's best . 
  what solution can there be ? 
  stop the riots with force is the only immediate solution . 
  as soon as someone starts violence , authorities gain the rights to use violence to stop them . 
  greek alphabet . 
  there is no english nationalism here . 
  even if there was , english nationalism is not inherently any more racist or whatever than , say , bavarian patriotism . 
  every country fights for its own interests . 
  it 's not fair to look at thousand year old wars and say they were good or bad . 
  it was a neutral historical event , pushed by various factors , from a different time when this kind of thing was perfectly acceptable . 
  i do n't really like that kind of thinking , as the same logic can be used to say we should n't have done anything about hitler . 
  not that i 'm supporting crusades or anything , but mutual defense between nations is always important . 
  it 's not about what they think , this is a british pov . 
  nobody , at least nobody i know , genuinely thinks the uk is not in europe . 
  they just do n't feel as connected to the rest of europe , and often use the word ` europe ' to refer specifically to the mainland . 
  we took it back with us . 
  and then in london people run across even when there are cars . 
  oh , no , it 's getting away !, 
  no worries, 
  it was a joke ... 
  western turkey with its capital in istanbul should secede and join thd eu now . 
  we 'll just take the suez canal back please . 
  the ones in the uae have first hand experience of what 's about to happen . 
  i do n't think that 's a fair comparison . 
  france and germany have a much higher level of economic development than greece and turkey . 
  they also have a 60 year history stability while greece and turkey have seen coups and regime changes all the time . 
  keep the money coming , guys !, 
  may has made it pretty clear that that 's the intention . 
  how many seats did ukip nearly win ? 
  they had something like 15 % of the vote in 2015 did n't they ? 
  would a small increase across the board have allowed them to get a significant number of seats ? 
  i 'm calling it now , the uk is going to go into efta and then both sides will quietly ` forget ' about properly leaving the eu , leaving the uk tied to the eu for eternity . 
  i 'm pro-eu , but i 'm not sure how i 'd feel about that . 
  not really . 
  ww1 ended in 1918 with the armistice , not in 1919 with the signing of the treaties . 
  one of only 3 korean speakers so far !, 
  you really think the eu would be morally in the right by shutting out borders with ** its own member ** to force them to close a border with another country , a disadvantageous move for ireland ? 
  i mean , i 'm pro-eu , but this is why people voted for brexit ( apart from the immigration ) . 
  what right does the eu , an organisation that should be ruled by its member states , have to impose a border on its own member at will ? 
  if the eu does this , i sincerely hope every member states tells brussels to shove it . 
  the two biggest wars on the news recently , syria and ukraine , are both civil wars . 
  to be honest i think they 're still better than the average youtube comments . 
  i do n't see a reason to believe european countries would not have become economically entwined without the eu . 
  globalisation has led to the whole world generally becoming more interdependent . 
  it 's a question of degree . 
  is a war between nato states really a possibility ? 
  it 's never happened , and i 'm not sure if a greece turkey war will ever happen . 
   all i can say to all eu members is this ; cherish what you have . 
  shit, 
  i 'm gon na start by saying i 'm very pro-eu in case you get any ideas . 
  however , i think the idea that `` we either have an eu or go back to the dark ages '' is pretty ridiculous . 
  europe is a highly developed continent . 
  two countries in western europe have nuclear weapons . 
  nato , an alliance , binds together most european countries in mutual defense . 
  the idea that if the eu breaks down we 'll go back to a 1914 situation is frankly paranoid . 
  also , i 'd argue that as long as globalisation continues , national governments will slowly lose power and we 'll see de facto world peace , even if de jure there 's no great unification treaty . 
  i think war between developed nations will just become impossible , and cooperation slowly increase , until even the poorest parts of the world reach the level required to end war . 
  an eu like organisation , i do n't believe , is necessary here . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think the eu does a lot of good , and it 's a shame we 're leaving , but i do n't think war is the alternative to the union . 
   looks for uk  biggest concern : immigration who could 've guessed !, 
  that 's what you get for generalplan ost !, 
  i think this map outlines a concept for a reverse generalplan ost . 
  basically the allies decide germany is too dangerous to exist , and their population is simply ` forcefully integrated ' into others while german territory is colonised . 
  what , did the scots conquer england and rejoin the eu ? 
  i mean , i 'm super pro-eu , but i 'd say nato and the threat of nuclear war have done more to maintain peace than the eu . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  the uk is not going to offensively go to war with spain unless attacked first . 
  some of us play paradox games . 
  afaik , the very simplistic view is no . 
  prussia used to refer to the region along the baltic coast in modern day northern poland and kaliningrad , along with parts of lithuania . 
  brandenburg , a german state , united with prussia to form the new kingdom of prussia , based in berlin . 
  this kingdom then took over the german region , maintaining the name prussia while becoming the dominant german power , while the baltic coast region was still originally called prussia . 
  prussia formed the german empire , becoming the largest state of the empire , then the republic after ww1 . 
  prussia still technically existed under the nazis , but only on paper as basically everything was ruled directly from the central government . 
  after ww2 , prussia was dismantled , and the original region of prussia was given to poland and russia with the germans expelled , so both prussias no longer really exist . 
  i thought you meant which would be the next to join the eu . 
  at that point just go all the way and go for full [ natural borders ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natural_borders_of_france ) . 
  before ww1 - the uk was probably , maybe , the most powerful nation on earth . 
  3rd biggest industry , and an empire spanning the world . 
  pretty developed for the time . 
  after ww1 - obviously still a more developed country , but lost some of its prestige and power . 
  economy did not do well at some points , and while britain and france tried to act as a world police in some ways through the league of nations , this often did n't work , and economic issues usually were prioritised over international peacekeeping . 
  after ww2 - bankrupt . 
  meanwhile in the uk only one major party is actively calling for not having a hard brexit .
