  is n't belarus not a democracy at the moment ? 
  so 6 more months ? 
  greece is very religious , well over 90 % christian . 
  maybe the most christian country in the world . 
  probably has something to do with it . 
  i guess that makes the uk like a withered arm that was helpful sometimes but ultimately was amputated . 
  honestly , those american style suburbs just do n't exist in the uk . 
  they 're all smaller , brick houses tightly packed side by side with tiny gardens and maybe a small driveway depending on the area . 
  even in small villages in the countryside , the house style just is n't the same . 
  i have greek family , and i know of at least one older greek cypriot ( not related ) that believes constantinople is rightful clay of greater greece . 
  a dependence movement ? 
  wait , really ? 
  it 's 70 years ago ? 
  surely now it 's kinda pointless . 
  ah , so they reversed the german plan for russia !, 
  i saw the first half or so when i was learning french . 
  that 's not the only problem i foresee . 
  thanks , it 's good to here , and i suppose i agree with you . 
  hope things improve . 
  you say that as if it was my doing . 
  i 'm about as anti-brexit as they come . 
  all i 'm saying is as of now , the uk is not internationally irrelevent . 
  i 'm not claiming anything of the sort . 
  brexit was a disaster , i 'll be the first one to say , and i do n't recommend anyone follows us . 
  all i 'm ssying is , as of now , the uk is a reasonably relevant regional power . 
  mate , do n't think i 'm one of those ` make britain great again ' brexiteers . 
  i was annoyed more than anyone else when the results came in . 
  that does n't retract from the fact that the uk is a regional power , and a reasonably large economy . 
  we 're gon na be overtaken by india and brazil , i know , but i do n't see us dropping out of the top 10 any time soon , at least not unless brexit causes the whole uk to fragment . 
  http://statisticstimes.com/economy/countries-by-projected-gdp.php https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) https://knoema.com/nwnfkne/world-gdp-ranking-2016-data-and-charts-forecast do n't know where you got that idea from . 
  every source i can find lists 5th of 6th nominal , around 9th ppp . 
  inches and feet are used mostly for things like height and casual estimations . 
  scientific measurements , and measuring height in a hospital or something would be cm . 
  i 've never used decimetres though . 
  completely missed that . 
  looks like they 're not even linked . 
  oh , well , cool seeing it i guess . 
  yes, 
  i 'd be happy with it in theory , and if it were executed well i 'd love to see it happen . 
  however , i think practically it 's quite a daunting prospect and i 'm not sure if it can ever happen really . 
  i 'm going to respectfully say that the uk is not irrelevant on the world stage . 
  sure , we 're no us or china , but the uk is the 5th/6th largest economy in the world , has nuclear weapons , and is permanently on the un security council . 
  the uk , france and germany are on their own some strong secondary powers . 
  wow , that 's actually really cool , as someone who 's looked a little at ancient and modern greek . 
  really ? 
  if i did that at school i do n't think they would have accepted it . 
  wow , i 've never seen a dekagram , ever . 
  decilitres , yes , but not dekagrams . 
  i think there 's many reasons . 
  first , there 's the physical disconnection , as in britain is an island off the coast of mainland europe . 
  also , historically britain 's foreign policy has been mostly based on the world outside europe , ww1 was pretty much the only time in history a fully mobilised britain fought a land war in europe ( even in ww2 the uk fought mostly in colonies , sea and sky , and land campaigns in europe were short and with significant help ) . 
  in the napoleonic wars , britain mostly sat outside ruling the seas and occasionally sent a small professional force to places like spain . 
  the uk was also less involved in the eu ( especially now ) , joining the eec later than the first members and never adopting a lot of pan-european policies . 
  i 've never seen a school with any kind of flag , honestly . 
  the league of nations was n't really a total failure as everyone says . 
  yeah , it did n't stop ww2 , but it did save millions of lives , improve millions of others , and stop a couple of minor wars . 
  east asia . 
  japan , pacific china , korea especially . 
  wow , mate , well done assuming my opinion before i 've said it . 
  everything you 've said , nothing applies to me . 
  i 'm about as anti-brexit as they come . 
  and i now brexit is causing the current chaos . 
  that 's obvious . 
  as someone in england ... 
  if i were you , i 'd think it 's best to wait and see . 
  see what brexit means , wait a little , and then when the dust settles see make a decision then . 
  if scotland wants to leave , i 'm all for it having its way , but i believe it is premature to make a decision in these chaotic times . 
  it was n't really a lie , since people ca n't tell the future . 
  ignorance is not lying . 
  i like that idea . 
  wait untl after the dust has settled and the deals have been signed before choosing . 
  i 'd be fine as long as that 's what the people want and there was extensive planning beforehand . 
  put it to referendum , get some negotiations going , see if you can make some ground . 
  the thing is , would norway have to join the eu ? 
  most of them . 
  those bloody south slavic flags though , too similar . 
  it 's like the arab states of europe . 
  stop with the nearly identical flags !, 
  it later gets referenced in another xkcd as well , as a mountain swings around the earth and hits the new netherlands . 
  when i 'm central london , i sometimes walk past [ europe house ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=europe+house&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=943&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewigx9gu2nbrahvplsakhrnwaomq_auibigb#imgrc=qnomtfsresqsgm%3a ) which has one , but otherwise no . 
  yes . 
  might have to make a detour through belgium though . 
  when was the last time the uk annexed part of a neighbouring country ? 
  and do n't point to old imperialism , countries change , stalin should know . 
  the whole world used to be basically a bunch of micro-states with occasionally one guy declaring himself the ` king ' of about dozen or so of them , giving them huge amounts of autonomy but basically making an empire out of them , allowing the local lords to basically do whatever they wanted in peace time as long as they swore allegiance to the king . 
  centralised nation-states are new things . 
  i love paradox games , although i wish i was a little better . 
  i love how they pick countries that have small populations but large land areas for the ` white ' countries . 
  what happened to the us , russia , germany , uk , france ? 
  to me ? 
  no , since every scrap of information about brexit could decide the indefinite future of the uk . 
  for people outside the uk , i can see why it could be boring . 
   deep fried coca-cola just googled this . 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about frying a drink , but it 's not a positive feeling . 
  i thought this was just the fake cheese americans have . 
  nope . 
  fake * fake * cheese . 
  and it was in communal toilets in a bucket that was hardly ever emptied full of water and other people 's shit . 
  sorry , but no . 
  with a van .
