  conventional military power only gets you so far in a post-mad world . 
  russia can have all the tanks they want , but ultimately france and the uk could raze their country to the ground in hours if they so wanted to . 
  the uk and france both have large nuclear arsenals , enough to wipe out any country ( while nowhere near as big as russia or the us ) . 
  while brexit might change things , france will always be there . 
  as if that 's an excuse . 
  if it turned out uk soldiers were doing that to anyone , even isis , i 'd be horrified . 
  as a paradox player , the carpathian mountains make such a great natural border . 
  bring back greater hungary !, 
  everything , i suppose . 
  cars is a specific example i saw recently . 
  that 's because communism , by definition , is stateless , and can only really exist if the entire world is first made socialist , according to communists . 
  better bury lenin then . 
  geopolitics will be completely and utterly unrecognisable in 100 years . 
  just think of the geopolitics of 1917 and compare them to now , and then factor in exponential rate of change . 
  the internet and other such technology will change the world . 
  well , since the pound has dropped , companies can export more cheaply to the rest of the world while still maintaining the same income in pounds . 
  sales of all british industries have gone up . 
  however , this is probably the calm before the storm . 
  prices will undoubtably go up , and this short bubble of opportunity will be gone . 
   in the meanwhile you get your ass kicked every single day . 
  consistently having a much higher gdp and generally more successful economy than russia is getting your ass kicked , then ? 
  so the poorest country has the least emissions per capita ? 
  kinda makes sense . 
  sure , that would be better than anything else . 
  with a few changes , britain and france instead of britain and germany could have been at the core of the european idea . 
  churchill actually called for a ` united states of europe ' ( direct quote ) . 
  at least then brexit probably would n't have happened . 
  we had [ our chances ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-british_union#modern_concepts ) but unfortunately we kinda pushed you off to the germans to make the eu . 
  what could have been ... 
  seriously , poland , sort out your shit . 
  not really relevant , since blacks are in the us and do , in fact , exist . 
  yeah , but fighting half way around the world is a lot harder than in your own country . 
  people have been hurt by immigrants , but compared to the general improvement of standard of living worldwide it is a negligible change . 
  it 's a joke . 
  i do n't give a shit about every single ` lol brits dumb brexit ' joke , even though i 'm not for brexit . 
  could be argued the us is responsible for ww2 by not joining the league of nations and leaving the much weakened britain and france to deal with everything alone . 
  i should know that , i learnt this is school ... 
  never mind . 
  now i 've got ta wish some oil rig workers in the north sea a happy merrychristmasineuropeanlanguages, 
  why would you ? 
  honestly , it seems weird and racist to be worried about white english , scottish , welsh and irish falling . 
  so what ? 
  as long as everyone follows the laws of the country , who cares ? 
  living in london , this is too generous, 
  well that 's a good thing turkey likely never will join . 
  oh , wait , it 's too late !, 
  with erdogan in power , turkey will never join the eu . 
  and anyway , cyprus would probably veto anyway . 
  the population of the uk is almost double that of the largest us state ( by population ) . 
  london is larger than all but 1 cities in the us ( it 's bigger than new york according to some sources ) . 
  the uk population is 1/5 that of the us . 
  sure , the us will always be a superpower much larger than the uk , but do n't pretend that the uk is utterly dwarfed . 
  square memel is a specific eu4 meme though . 
  it 's a mix of both . 
  if you 're on that sub , you 'll be happy . 
  i 'm in the process of making a greater greece alternate history map . 
  well , firstly , i like it on a moral basis . 
  i like the idea of countries cooperating , not fighting , and while i do n't think it 's a perfect system , i think it 's a really great idea . 
  secondly , i like the ease of movement it offers . 
  even though i do n't live in the schengen area , all i need is a passport and i can go anywhere in the eu , which is great . 
  thirdly , i think it has economically benefited the continent in a lot of ways . 
  it also makes war less likely , both directly , and also by making countries so reliant on eachother for trade that sanctions would be devastating . 
  as the years become decades , and the decades become centuries , the rule of merkel and putin continues , seemingly with no end in sight . 
  humanity advances , and while various wars and disasters ravage the earth , slowly , moves towards peace are made . 
  borders are torn down , armies are reduced , the world moves towards cooperation as every single person becomes connected , first by mobile systems , and then directly brain to brain . 
  direct democracy on a global scale becomes possible , as humanity begins colonising the planets of its solar system , reaching outwards . 
  billions of years into the future , after stars have been born and died , the great intelligence , the descendent of a fusion of humanity and ai , covers the entire universe , a conscious being of unimaginable complexity , constantly calculating more and more complex models of the universe , totally reinventing its theories of physics and mathematics with every second , continuing the quest for knowledge that has been going unstoppable for billions of years . 
  and yet , somewhere deep in the immense amount of information , orders of magnitude more than all the matter in the universe , lie two tiny blips of data , remnants of an old time before the great intelligence achieved dominance . 
  now in a changed , but somehow the same , form , merkel and putin still administer the now virtual , long gone , germany and russia . 
  / r/thingsdohappen, 
  i do n't, 
  savage, 
  do n't worry , 48 % of us do n't think so ... 
  what 's wrong with this year ? 
  i feel like it 's been better than 2016 , and i 've generally seen good news . 
  why not ? 
  india and brazil are huge countries and undoubtably relevant on the world stage . 
  the time has come ... execute rule 5 . 
  and how many people right now are very close to murdering someone , but wo n't because they think they ca n't get away with it ? 
  how many people would rob a bank if they knew they 'd be safe ? 
  how many people would rape if they thought nobody would catch them ? 
  hopefully not too many , but inevitably there are millions of people around the world who would . 
  and do you suggest we try and find out who they were , hunt them down , and assassinate or arrest them ? 
  it 's inevitable that many knew something was going on . 
  i remember learning that every single person in germany was checked on a scale of something like 3 or 5 different levels of how much of a nazi they were by allied occupation soldiers . 
  the vast majority were not found to be 0 % nazi , i think , and many had to be specifically educated in denazification . 
  what history ? 
  are you gon na bring up hitler , because we defeated him because he killed people and invaded other countries , not because he wanted to . 
   some people need to be fought , not because of what they think , but because if you do not fight them they will fucking kill you and your way of life and everyone you love . 
  every person reading this and thinking i 'm exaggerating needs to read the history of nearly any country on earth . 
  but why do we need to be the ones to start ? 
  surely we respond to force with force , not preemptively strike people who we think might attack . 
  we do n't arrest people who we think are going to become burglars , or fraudsters , based on their opinions . 
  why should we do the same for political extremists ? 
  why not respond when they actually do go through with their actions , not before ? 
  we did n't stand up to the nazis because they were saying they wanted to kill , invade , and colonise enemies . 
  we invaded because they actually did . 
  seriously , how is that an argument against this ? 
  of course , a person who actually killed someone should be punished accordingly , but someone who does n't has literally done nothing wrong so far . 
  this is like saying all islamic extremists ( not just the actual terrorists , anyone who is internally extreme in terms of islamism ) should be burned in cages because isis did it .
