  not for me . 
  maybe a very subtle difference , but i do n't say like ee-ffect . 
  well the r is n't really dropped as such . 
  it just all becomes a homogenous / \u0259 / sound . 
  yeah . 
  it 's great taking over constantinople as russia and seeing ` tsargrad ' or ` wien ' becoming ` viyana ' if the turks take it . 
  israel is pretty much confirmed to have nuclear weapons . 
  they 've never confirmed or denied , and we do n't know exactly how many and what capabilities , but numerous people have come forward apparently working for an israeli nuclear program . 
   wurled  world literally pronounced identically for me . 
  well ... it 's not emphasised , but there is a difference between ` word ' and ` world ', 
  is n't that just regional accents of the word ` castle ', 
   i always hate effect , affect they 're pronounced the same , at least for me . 
  auto-renaming is a cool thing in eu4 . 
  provinces and cities get renamed to local names when they are taken over . 
  happy new year , exactly 5 minutes before midnight here . 
  i do n't understand how anyone would possibly think they would give a shit . 
  `` you remember that time 50 years ago we * almost * won the world cup ? '', 
  that we stay in . 
   a 600 km ( 373 mi ) long human `` chain '' from tallinn through riga to vilnius was assembled . 
  this was a symbolic demonstration of the people 's call for independence from the soviet union . 
  holy shit !, 
  [ * cough ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_weapons_and_the_united_kingdom ) [ * cough ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/france_and_weapons_of_mass_destruction ), 
  it is , because brexit probably would n't have happened if it was n't for it . 
  people were scared and voted to leave without understanding the consequences . 
  that 's what everyone should have been talking about , since that 's what actually matters the most . 
  the reason brexit won was actually just people were scared of immigrants and thought they could use the eu to enter the country ( which is n't as big of a problem as people think , since we 're not in schengen , we 're an island , and you still need a european passport to get in ) . 
  brexit was so close that i 'm convinced it would n't have happened if it was n't for the migrant crisis . 
  so while we 're not as badly affected as other countries on the continent , it may just have tipped us over the edge and indirectly screwed up our country for decades to come . 
  english is one of the languages to have the least of that . 
  french and such have a gender for every single thing or concept in the universe . 
   pass the past tense of pass is passed ? 
  classical latin apparently had no articles . 
  no idea how they came about in romance languages . 
  there are exceptions , such as . 
  i go i went i will have gone < - this one 's different, 
  i 'm half greek , and as far as i can see , religion 's pretty big in greece . 
  is your view rare at all ? 
  the opposite of almost everywhere is ocean , unfortunately . 
  i do n't know what i expected for cyprus but it was n't that . 
  base 10 is not logical ? 
  maybe you 're right , but you know what is logical ? 
  using the same base with you units as you do with your numerals . 
  the problem with imperial is not the fact it is not in base 10 , but the fact the numbers are and the units are n't . 
  if we used hexidecimal then base 16 units would make sense . 
  ` soft ' brexit ( staying in the eu in all but name ) . 
  as someone descended from immigrants living in the uk , i honestly do n't see the ` preservation of culture ' as really being an issue . 
  sure , for history 's sake , we should record what culture used to be like . 
  however , i believe that the people should be able to completely and freely choose their culture , as long as it does n't mean they negatively impact someone else . 
  i do n't really care about keeping cultures alive . 
  i 'm a half greek in the uk . 
  my greek teacher ( who 's quite old , probably approaching 70 ) is staunchly racist against turks . 
  he 's cypriot , and he honestly believes there should be some kind of greater greek empire byzantium-style and talks about how 1453 was the worst year ever and the ottomans were literally hitler and genocided and enslaved the greeks for centuries until the glorious revolution which liberated a small amount of land but not enough , and that constantinople is the true capital , and that the turks should be forced back into central asia and on and on . 
  funny , in every other way he 's very nice . 
  of course , he 's an exception and not a rule , but it 's very uncomfortable talking with him when he tries to talk about how evil the turks are in every sentence about history or politics . 
  the bigger ukip is , the bigger the problem , the worse it is , so no . 
  definitely . 
  it 's weird to think a technology that 's a decade old ( in the case of actual smart phones ) is practically the default for everyone to have . 
   blame ? 
  none . 
  the blame is on the uk and its own political culture and nothing else . 
  could n't agree more , it 's all the fault of people here . 
  not much , it was almost all the fault of our media , our lying politicians , and our stupid public . 
  live in london , a few years back . 
  there were a few years when it really snowed for a couple of days , covering everything in like 15 cm or more thickness of snow , but that 's not the norm . 
  it snowed a tiny bit while i was in cumbria in northern england , but really not properly and only for a matter of minutes . 
  why would you arm yourselves ? 
  the uk has very strict gun laws , and very low shooting rates . 
  the world is more peaceful than ever . 
  i 'm happy to see disarmament . 
  not to mention the sea to your east people call ` finland ' . 
  but is n't the 83 life expectancy for girls born today ? 
  surely people born in the 1920s would have a slightly lower life expectancy ? 
   the irish have banned abortion - the rest of europe allow it . 
  northern ireland has banned abortion , the rest of the uk allows it . 
  problems like these are not insurmountable . 
  my comment above  i honestly think the end of nation states is pretty likely in the mid-term future ( in a century or perhaps two ) . 
  already , in 2016 , organisations such as the eu , wto , un , who exist and hold some sway . 
  even north korea goes to the un and discusses with all the nations of the world openly , something that would have been impossible even for the most peace-loving nations 100 years ago . 
   and i believe this is only the start . 
  still , the people who rule the world at the moment grew up in the 50s , 60s and 70s , before things like the internet came about and while much of the world was locked in a cold war , with billions living in heavily controlled states . 
  the internet , in my opinion , will change the world . 
  the fact that i can take a small piece of plastic and glass out of my pocket , tap a few buttons , and instantly communicate with someone in any countries on earth , is incredible , and has certainly affected how i see the world ( i consider myself a member of humanity more than a citizen of the uk or eu ) . 
  just think about how it will be when the people who grew up in the internet era come to political power . 
  the world is about to change , probably for the better , in the next few decades . 
  i honestly think the end of nation states is pretty likely in the mid-term future ( in a century or perhaps two ) . 
  already , in 2016 , organisations such as the eu , wto , un , who exist and hold some sway . 
  even north korea goes to the un and discusses with all the nations of the world openly , something that would have been impossible even for the most peace-loving nations 100 years ago . 
  and i believe this is only the start . 
  still , the people who rule the world at the moment grew up in the 50s , 60s and 70s , before things like the internet came about and while much of the world was locked in a cold war , with billions living in heavily controlled states . 
  the internet , in my opinion , will change the world . 
  the fact that i can take a small piece of plastic and glass out of my pocket , tap a few buttons , and instantly communicate with someone in any countries on earth , is incredible , and has certainly affected how i see the world ( i consider myself a member of humanity more than a citizen of the uk or eu ) . 
  just think about how it will be when the people who grew up in the internet era come to political power . 
  the world is about to change , probably for the better , in the next few decades . 
  england , when referring to the whole uk . 
  yeah , sure , there were other wars on land against other equal or stronger powers . 
  however , britain 's land army was not really used in the same way as that of france , russia , prussia , austria etc. 
  firstly , britain never had conscription , and almost always played a support and sideline role . 
  for example , in the napoleonic wars , british forces assisted the anti-napoleon forces in spain . 
  it was britain 's navy that really did the most , while the land war was taken care of mostly by britain 's bigger allies . 
  ww1 changed this and was the first time in recent history with conscription in the british army .
