   africa already has problems supporting current population with things like ** food ** world food production per capita has [ increased ] ( https://ourworldindata.org/food-per-person/ ) despite growing population . 
  ( 3rd graph down for whole world ) . 
  i mean ... at the point the beheading 's sort of redundant , no ? 
  i wish russia would stop trying to be a superpower . 
  just accept your place as a strong regional power , make peace with your neighbours , and stop trying to build up an empire again . 
  that 's utterly ridiculous . 
  a word 's definition is n't good or bad . 
  it 's a human construct . 
  it just is . 
  the defintion is invented with the word . 
  you ca n't say a word 's definition is bad , the word literally is the definition . 
  it 's defined by its definition . 
  well , yes , by one definition or great , that is correct . 
  who would 've guessed , the west has the best quality !, 
  wait ... when did russia 's gdp get so big ? 
  so i should be able to indoctrinate children from a young age and teach them killing is right and must be done , then release them into the world ? 
  i mean , there 's limits to everything . 
  i mean , i 'm really sorry , but i do n't see how that 's a logical argument . 
   antifa fascists how many antifa members do you really think there are ? 
  in your mind , is the entire political left a member of an anarcho-communist group ? 
   in criminal trials you have to prove what 's called `` mens rea '' or a knowledge and intention to commit a crime . 
  then how do crimes such as manslaughter through recklessness work then ? 
  yes , the culture in which the incident happened . 
  the death sentence , with due process , is no cheaper on the state than a life sentence . 
  also , having the death sentence will necessarily involve killing some innocent people through human error , which is inexcusable . 
  you know the gdp of germany is like 1/5 of the gdp of the eu , which is itself only part of europe ? 
  uk+s pain has higher gdp than germany . 
  it 's not like germany is dominating . 
  who does that ? 
   asians are not as dumb as you make them out to be  many just do n't believe in the holocaust as the relation with nazi germany ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's no coincidence . 
  obviously the nazis copied anime . 
  honestly does n't really matter to me what religions believe happened . 
  none of them have any evidence , so whatever , they 're all on equal footing . 
  pretty sure it 's legal in most countries around the world . 
  what ? 
  it 's just you who instantly assumes it 's true or fake , not others . 
  i eel like that map would just look unrecognisable , with small countries like luxembourg bring similar size to their neighbours . 
  in any case , the reason eastern europe was not covered by the marshall plan was that they were forced to refuse by their communist overlords in moscow . 
  i love a long line of the same country 's flag . 
  it almost looks like a monologue of the country . 
  denmark should build an artificial hill that 's over 170m tall , just so they can claim to have mastery over nature , building the tallest point in the entire country . 
  that does n't make the geographical term ` the americas ' inherently arrogant though . 
  it 's easy to say that , but we ca n't predict how history would have turned out . 
  it 's very possible that the world would turn out worse . 
  there could have been a world-ending nuclear war for example . 
  british isles is the underlying term of the geographical area , with the nation of britain names after it , not the other way round . 
  what ? 
  how is that a problem ? 
  the area is called the british isles , and the nation of britain is named after that area ( though not including all of it ) . 
  the united states of america is called that , but does n't claim all of americas . 
  sail underneath the boat then slowly surface . 
  sure , the infrastructure was n't built for the indians , but how much of today 's development is truly for the public good ? 
  capitalism has no morals , but it works ( when regulated ) and brings wealth . 
  the free market has helped billions of people ( while hinderinf millions ) , and can be argued to be a net good , but there 's no morals here . 
  it 's an unthinking system built on human greed . 
  but out of it we get huge amounts of technology and development . 
  i agree that colonialism was built on an immoral premise . 
  i also agree that it involved many awful things happening , and may have been a net negative for countries like india . 
  however , it was a historical event . 
  it began at a time when invading other countries did n't have the same stigma as now . 
  we do n't decry the ancient greeks as evil because some city states comitted genocide ad brutal crimes on smaller ones , because times were different . 
  churchill was bad , but he was n't generalplan ost bad . 
  a fair comparison would be churchill sending british troops into india to kill everyone and send english settlers after them . 
  i 'm generally against groups like this , but is there anything wrong with hating a culture ? 
  a culture is something someone can change . 
  i hate the culture of isis , or nazi germany , or whatever , for example . 
  strangely enough , world food production per capita has gone up steadily since 1960 , which is honestly not what i expected . 
  i 'm on mobile , so i ca n't be bothered to link anything , but you can look it up . 
  you 're two examples both happened in pre-industrial societies ( therefore much , much slower technological growth ) , with smaller environments than the entire world . 
  i 'm not saying a collapse ca n't happen . 
  humanity is a lot more experienced now than it was in those times . 
  that does n't guarantee we 'll be fine , but it helps our chances . 
  of course , i agree that we must still do everything we can . 
  i support as much effort as possible into renewable energy for example . 
  however , i think the popular attitude that we 're all fucked and there 's nothing we can do is equally useless . 
  but despite a rapidly growing population through the 20th century , food production per capita has kept increasing . 
  the fastest growth is forever behind us , and even then , we were ever improving our farming infrastructure . 
  we can feed all the people in the world and much more . 
  i do n't deny climate change will be a spanner in the works , but with the incredible progress we 've made , and the amazinc potential of new techniques , i do not think they are impossible problems . 
  you know what , as long as they 're coming here to spend money , i should n't complain . 
  quality of life , in almost every measurable way , has increased almost worldwide . 
  as i showed with food production per capita , it 's not just the rich developed countries doing everything . 
  to see an increase like that , it must mean industrialised agriculture has reached more of the world than it did in 1960 . 
  and even if it 's mostly the west pulling the rest of the world , the results are clear - humanity as a whole benefits . 
  but it 's technology which allows us to more efficiently use the resources we have , and access new resources . 
  technology and science ( plus remember the social progress we 've made , the world was a lot less peaceful 80 years ago ) is what progresses society and allows us to overcome problems . 
  easter island seems like an unfair comparison , since there was little to no technological growth on the order of centuries , combined with a tiny closed system and very few resources . 
  in comparison , the entire earth has orders of magnitude more resources , and modern humanity orders of magnitude faster accumulation of knowledge . 
   technology will solve our problems , never fear , we 'll find a substitute for wood it literally did . 
  the industrial revolution , vaccines , antibiotics , the green revolution , and now gmos , have each contributed to preventing the collapse of humanity . 
  every prediction of imminent collapse has been wrong . 
  i am not saying technology * will * save us all , just that it always has in the past , and therefore i would n't surrender to humanity 's collapse just yet . 
  there 's still hope . 
  why ca n't we all just learn to get along ? 
  i wish we could just have a multi-ethnic state in the palestine region . 
  however , that seems impossible , and a peace treaty with two separate states seems like a decent compromise for now . 
  but it 's much better to take the train . 
  free one way , but a bit overcrowded . 
  you 're neglecting the fact that technology will advance between now and 2100 .
