  does it really matter what they advocate at the end of the day ? 
  there are people on this planet who advocate the destruction of all of humanity , does n't mean they 're gon na unilaterally decide to do it . 
  why should n't we punish people based on what they 've actually done , not for what they want to do ? 
   if you are a nazi , you can give it up and stop being their enemy . 
  can you though ? 
  this is a genuine philosophical point - how much conscious control does an individual have over their own opinions ? 
  i 'm sure it 's possible to denazify people , it happened in europe after ww2 , but i do n't think one can simply ` stop being racist ' . 
  it 's like how religious people say religion is a choice , and you can choose to believe . 
  i do n't have anything against that , but i personally ca n't . 
  my opinion is subconscious , based on logic , reason and evidence ( in my case ) . 
  in my opinion , based on the evidence at hand , i believe god probably does n't exist . 
  i ca n't just start believing god does exist , because that 's incompatible with my subconscious worldview . 
  in the same way , someone who is honestly racist and believes with conviction they right , can they consciously change their opinion ? 
  i do n't think it 's that easy . 
  the reason i do n't support violence based on politics is not because i sympathise with nazis , but the simple fact that a law or rule like this has to be straightforwards with as little room left for interpretation as possible . 
  sure , you could say `` you 're not allowed to assault people over their opinion ... unless it 's a really bad one '' , but that just opens up to people deciding what a ` really bad ' opinion is , which is obviously subjective . 
  it 's much better for society as a whole to simply ban any violence based on political opinion altogether , no ifs , no buts , to leave no room for people to interpret it how it should be . 
  i do n't necessarily care about individual nazis , i care about what the wording of rules could mean . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  it 's all fun and games going for the low-hanging fruit like ` stalin killed more than hitler , communism worse confirmed ' , but they take it too far sometimes . 
  exactly . 
  i can see why it 's understandable to assault someone in such situations , but ultimately we have to uphold the law and assaulting someone because of politics is simply illegal , and should be . 
  i honestly really hate such me_irl memes . 
  i mean , jokes about not having any friends or being forever alone or whatever can sometimes be funny in moderation , but there 's this whole circlejerk of people all claiming they wish they could never exist `` lol i wish i was dead '' . 
  not only is it seemingly so childish , but i feel like it detracts from actually suicidal people . 
  sure , there might be some actually depressed people trying to make light of their situation , but i feel like even if there is their a tiny minority in a see of people just trying to be an internet emo . 
  5th/6th biggest economy in the world , un security council , nuclear weapons . 
  we 're not a superpower anymore , but we 're just as relevant as france , india or brazil for now . 
  yeah , but the point is they were anti-lots of other things . 
  where was thw racist in the video ? 
  it was a small mistake . 
  malay vs malaysian is hardly something to get worked up about . 
   most of the news readers look like muslims now too . . are you actually serious mate ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm honestly confused . 
  the uk is one of the most tolerant countries in the most tolerant period in history . 
  sure , we can always get better , but saying humanity 's just evil achieves nothing . 
  if you take out scotland and northern ireland , that 's like 85 % of the country left . 
  it 's not up to europe in particular , no , but i think there 's no harm in all countries helping through investment and working to stabilise the national governments . 
  and you think isis are n't performing genocides on muslim groups ? 
  shia muslims , for example ? 
  isis have a single , strict , extremist , literal version of islam that they follow , and they kill anyone who does n't . 
  does n't matter if muslim , christian , atheist , pastafarian , anyone who does n't follow their religion they kill . 
  it depends . 
  isis likes to kill other types of muslims much more than christians . 
  apparently northern europe is just gon na become the world 's megacity . 
  alright then . 
  the way to solve that is by making africa not shitty . 
  how could the islamists possibly win ? 
  they are a group of usually unorganised random killers . 
  even if we assume there are millions of possibly extremist muslims in europe , they ca n't overthrow the governments or anything . 
  it 's not about karma , it 's jist a reaction to what i see . 
  i do n't care about the karma . 
  yes . 
  not with today 's tdchnology , but in theory , there 's nothing stopping us . 
  they do n't feel sympathy and compassion either , at least not on the level of humans . 
   the universe is expanding too fast for us to ever be able to reach any other solar systems . 
  that 's other galaxies you 're thinking of . 
  that 's honestly so messed up . 
  someone 's reply to me . 
   honestly , the loss of this mans life would mean nothing in the long run for humanity . 
  exactly . 
  whenever isis do something terrible on / r/worldnews , i see so many people saying to torture them even more as punishment . 
  i mean , are n't we meant to be better than them ? 
  i 'm very concerned about climate change , not because of the species it could end ( though that 's obviously a part ) , but more obviously because of the threat to human civilisation . 
  this needs to be known by more people , that if we do nothing , our cities , nations and civilisation as a whole is at risk . 
  it 's already happening in some parts . 
  look at lagos and southern nigeria , for example . 
  so just because someone did something morally reprehensible , it means his life should be ended , along with all his thoughts , hopes and dreams , just to save the life of an animals that ultimately is not capable of the same level of internal thought , while simultaneously causing huge suffering to the dozens of people who know and love him ? 
  but apparently some do n't think the same about human lives . 
  collective guilt is a very , very dangerous concept to play with . 
  it should be avoided altogether , and only guilt should only be put on individuals . 
  also , and this may make me unpopular , i think humanity is the most important thing currently in the world , and the ` beautiful world ' is pretty much useless without an intelligent force able to save it from the inevitable destruction of the death of the sun . 
  i think it is ultimately worth it for destruction of nature to happen today to possibly safeguard life and consciousness for trillions of years into the future . 
  of course , i think every effort should be made to maintain the earth 's biosphere both for the benefit of human and all other life , but if it comes down to it , i 'd choose the partial destruction of life on earth over the complete destruction of humanity in a heartbeat . 
  you 've made a contradiction . 
  either nothing matters , and the universe will end not caring , or stuff matters . 
  in any case , i do n't discount the possibility of future humanity creating infinite existence . 
   for reasons of public decency , women convicted of high treason were instead burned at the stake . 
  it 's ok to cut men up into pieces , but women ? 
  no that 's wrong , burn them to death instead . 
   will any of that matter in the long run . 
  if you 're gon na argue nothing matters , neither does an endangered species . 
  imo , humans matter more than anything else in the universe that we know since , we have the ability to actually perceive the universe on a greater scale and understanding than other animals . 
  the human mind to me is more important even than huge black holes or stars that are dead . 
  yeah , but a human 's life is much more important on its own , since a human can experience and know much more in its life . 
  sure , this animal is endangered , but ignoring that , on an individual level , the crime is less serious imo . 
  yeah , of course . 
  am i the only one who thinks everyone on reddit who reacts to things like this saying kill or torture the guy is , idk , a bit much ? 
  i mean , fuck the guy , but ... yeah . 
  nobody else . 
  it will necessarily take decades and generations . 
  china is still growing fast since 1945 , but is slowing rapidly now . 
  however , eventually , world population growth will stop . 
  no , but it 'll reach living standards concurrent with slowed population growth . 
  it does n't have to be europe 2.0 , it just has to be good enough that people do n't need to have 12 kids to work on the farm , and 7 of them die . 
  how did it happen in europe ? 
  200 years ago people in europe has 7 kids . 
  then industrialisation , life got better , you do n't need 7 kids . 
  same will eventually happen in africa .
