   bolsheviks killed and deported from the main ethnic groups to colonize the occupied territories with russians not to detract from the soviet atrocities , but the nazis planned exactly that on a [ much bigger scale ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost ), 
  are you implying the us is as bad , or comparably bad , to the soviet union ? 
  any country that does not have a plan to wipe out 100 million people and colonise their land is , relatively speaking , a good guy of ww2 . 
  it 's dangerous to compare the soviets ( who were very bad , yes ) and the western allies ( who were the least bad ) to the nazis . 
  one went to war with the specific aim of systematically annihilating races . 
  hitler still wanted to wipe them out . 
  any country that does not have a plan to wipe out 100 million people and colonise their land is , relatively speaking , a good guy of ww2 . 
  it 's dangerous to compare the soviets ( who were very bad , yes ) to the nazis . 
  one went to war with the specific aim of systematically annihilating races . 
  any country that does not have a plan to wipe out 100 million people and colonise their land is , relatively speaking , a good guy of ww2 . 
  it 's dangerous to compare the soviets ( who were very bad , yes ) to the nazis . 
  one went to war with the specific aim of systematically annihilating races . 
  any country that does not have a plan to wipe out 100 million people and colonise their land is , relatively speaking , a good guy of ww2 . 
  it 's dangerous to compare the soviets ( who were very bad , yes ) to the nazis . 
  one went to war with the specific aim of systematically annihilating races . 
  any country that does not have a plan to wipe out 100 million people and colonise their land is , relatively speaking , a good guy of ww2 . 
  it 's dangerous to compare the soviets ( who were very bad , yes ) to the nazis . 
  one went to war with the specific aim of systematically annihilating races . 
  not really relevant , but as a brit studying 20th century history , it 's very interesting how rapidly the uk fell from superpower status . 
  in 1945 , the uk was universally considered a superpower . 
  the ussr and us spoke to the uk as equals when negotiating the post-war world . 
  i think most thought at the time that britain , while it may struggle a little economically , would remain the strongest country in europe , and at least roughly on the same league as the big 2 . 
  however , this did n't happen . 
  in a matter of 10 years british world power basically collapsed completely . 
  this culminated with the suez crisis in 1956 , an embarrassing failure of british imperialism in one last attempt to project power overseas . 
  ( also , there was talk of integration between the uk and france at this time but that 's another thing ) . 
  not only that , but the british people had no appetite for being a superpower . 
  the economy was in ruins , and that was the main focus for the uk , helping the country get back on track economically , and creating welfare services in the country like the nhs . 
  apart from korea , the uk would not get involved in the wars of containment against communism . 
  the royal navy , only 20 years ago the undisputed king of the seas , was rapidly dismantled . 
  entire fleets just wiped out . 
  colonies were rushed through the process of getting independence , dominions quickly drifted away from the uk economically , some such as canada and australia aligning more towards the us . 
  the uk turned to europe , trying and eventually succeeding in joining the eec , and any pretences of empire and commonwealth were dropped . 
  the uk was the third country to build an atomic bomb , but this was about it . 
  by 1960 , the uk was no longer a great power by any stretch of the imagination , and was basically just a notable regional country in western europe with a few old territories around the world . 
   a heavily damaged economy and early 2000s eastern europe was n't ? 
  a western country of 65 million is never gon na become less economically powerful than many of the smaller members of the eu , however bad brexit is ( and trust me , i think it will be bad ) . 
  i 'm very pro-eu , no doubt , but i do n't think it 's logical to assume the eu was the only thing stopping europe going back to war . 
  after ww2 , everyone was utterly battered . 
  it was a new page in history . 
  the experience of the war changed everything . 
  add to that the creation of a 2-bloc system across the continent , nuclear mad and the fall of old european powers like britain and france below the us and ussr , and i think it was unlikely another european war could have happened , even without the eu . 
  does the eu help peace ? 
  yes , definitely , but post-eu europe was ripe for a rethink . 
  was it ? 
  was n't it mostly countries held together through russian military might , countries that had all previously been under russian rule anyway ? 
  i think the fact that the european parliament , afaik , ca n't propose laws , only accepts or denies laws from the commission , is a bit of a problem imo , though i agree the eu is fundamentally democratic . 
  do n't confuse me for one of those brexiteer types , i 'm about as pro-eu as brits come , i 'm just giving an opinion . 
  and i get angry that i 'm being taken out of the eu . 
  come on mate , it 's just a joke . 
  at least ukip will die . 
  france has a very high human development index , higher than that of the us . 
  you 're delusional . 
  technically , the uk 's anti-eu party is now dead , so there 's that i suppose . 
  the migrant crisis probably tipped the balance of brexit over 50 % , and now it 's no longer a big issue . 
  the country is being irreversibly changed because of a fleeting moment of uncertainty . 
  generally , i 'm pretty pro-western , and support maintaining nato and close relations between europe and north america . 
  this kind of thing makes me stop and reconsider a bit . 
  edit : jesus , everyone , i 'm joking . 
  it 's a huge exaggeration . 
  stop thinking i 'm anti-american for this . 
  i honestly could never understand why someone would try to destroy the nhs like the tories seem to very slowly be doing . 
  why ? 
  why would anyone want to do such a thing ? 
  most are . 
  haha , nobody in the uk has been offended by the joke . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  exactly . 
  while communism caused the deaths of millions through greed and being a bad system , nazism is inherently racist . 
  racial supremacy is a core tenet of nazism . 
  no , i mean they consider ireland also outside europe , but not british . 
  why ? 
  terrorism kills hardly anyone . 
  it 's such a tiny danger to the average person . 
  ah , yes , that 's why we 've seen those hundreds of thousands of deaths from terrorism in europe . 
  oh , wait , no we have n't . 
  terrorism is such a non-threat . 
  toasters almost definitely kill way more people than terrorists . 
  sure , we need to tighten security and deal with some issues , but we do n't live in some kind of mad max nightmare , and even if we did simply hating a group of people en mass because of the actions of some of them is morally reprehensible . 
  in some places , policemen or soldiers will salute random people going through checkpoints or whatever . 
  it 's just a sign of respect . 
  if you kill your enemy in a football match i think you 'll be considered the losers through disqualification . 
  jeremy corbin has been critical of tony blair in the uk iirc . 
  yeah , i guess i would consider anarchists liberals , though i would n't necessarily call them that myself . 
  whatever , maybe my whole system makes no sense . 
  europe is a continent of 750 million people . 
  occasionally , a few people are killed in a minor terror attack . 
  i mean , far , far more die in accidental or deliberate shootings in the us than terrorist attacks in western europe . 
  that 's what you should be worried about , not islamic terrorism . 
  i do n't think of liberal as purely left or right , but neither . 
  i think liberal should be linked to ` liberty ' , ie . 
  the opposite of authoritarian . 
  you can be liberal left or liberal right , at least in my view . 
  that 's just stating a fact of what approval ratings are . 
  are you actually serious with this argument . 
  us voter turn out in 2016 was under 60 % . 
  brexit , i think , is different . 
  a national election for president is just for one person , and whatever their policies are . 
  brexit split the entire political system into two halves . 
  both sides , leave and remain , had hugely diverse supporters .
