  anyway , as i already wrote elsewhere , i do n't excuse those , but they are irrelevant to the question of nato in eastern europe . 
  edit : 1990 gulf war ? 
  you mean the war we defended kuwait ? 
  nobody should be arrested for a tweet unless it is a direct call to violence . 
  so basically all the parts that were in austria-hungary were somewhat ok , and the rest was awful ? 
   it 's only whatabousim when you mention the west . 
  nope , not at all look , this all came about because i said that it 's not aggression for nato to offer protection to eastern-european states . 
  that 's not hypocritical in any way . 
  i do n't know if you 're seeing what i said and comparing to what others have , but you 're just making up some agenda which i 've made no indication of having . 
  to prove my point , if russia and , let 's say , morocco founded a new alliance , that would n't be aggression against the west . 
  purely defensive alliances are not aggression . 
  that 's why the west has not acted aggressively to russia in any direct way in the last 20 years . 
  also , you create these long-winded arguments but it all hinges on me being british and therefore a hypocrite because britain has engaged in aggressive moves in the past . 
  how is this relevant to me being wrong ? 
  not only am i a young 3rd generation immigrant and therefore never engaged in any of these actions , but more importantly i never claimed britain was n't being aggressive . 
  you 've brought in britain 's past actions frm nowhere , with zero relevance to whether or not nato is an aggressive policy towards russia . 
  * that * is why in this case it is whataboutism , as you created an argument from an irrelevant fact . 
  firstly , that 's just whataboutism . 
  secondly , the empire ended in the 60s . 
  i 'm not excusing those . 
  however , there 's a difference between regime change and annexation . 
  how so ? 
  where has the west invaded ? 
  russia does n't have a right to dictate what goes on in other country 's borders . 
  if baltics want to join nato , tough luck russia . 
  russia actually invaded crimea , that much ca n't be denied . 
  the us , uk , france whatever have n't annexed any land in eastern europe . 
  only a strategic threat for them to invade other countries . 
  yeah , you 're right , i was just joking . 
  it 's ok , we hide our nukes on subs so they ca n't be sunk, 
  even only 3 years ago some said it was https://www.theguardian.com/society/2014/jun/17/nhs-health but that particular source i 'm not completely sure of to be fair . 
   remembers it 's not the uk any more, 
  0.4 % of luzembourg 's gdp ? 
  hopefully they can save up for a pair of boots this year . 
  and bohemia is ? 
  in that case , i 'm all for it as long as it gets worked out effectively . 
  for me , at least , the number 1 priority worldwide in terms of energy is bring down co2 emissions to stop catastrophic climate change . 
  i agree that , in principle , we need to eventually phase out nuclear , but this ca n't be rushed , and we need to make sure we have renewables set up to take the load , and do n't end up just adding more co2 into the atmosphere . 
  no that 's you mate . 
  to be fair , you ca n't blame one side of the referendum for someone on their own acting like that . 
  i mean , every country in europe except belarus is in it . 
  it 's not linked in any way to the eu . 
  this is not surprising . 
  what about israel ? 
  is timbuktu really sub-saharan though ? 
  i guess west africa technically is but i think most people think of the congo region and everything south of that . 
  apparently the french were all * really * salty about it . 
  they taught in schools how it was rightful french clay and named loads of streets ` alsace ' or ` lorraine ' and stuff . 
  concerning brexit , i personally see it as a bad decision , and think it will negatively affect the uk , but i do n't follow the doomsday suggestions of the country falling into poverty or whatever . 
  i think in the medium-long term its effects will be seen , but diluted . 
  i really think the eu and its associate organisations are a good thing , even if some mistakes have been made by parts of it in recent times . 
  then again , what do i know . 
  however , i think it 's a mixture of both of the uk falling and the us and ussr rising to take centre stage . 
  of course , i think the raw industrial potential of the ussr and especially the us would inevitably drag them forwards . 
  the uk 's power hit its height in the late 1800s and start of the 19th century , and since then it was very slowly caught up to by larger economies , such as germany ( pre-ww1 ) and the us . 
  however , i think the uk did see a definite decline , while not in living standards , in terms of direct power projection and soft power worldwide . 
  this was of course due in large part to ww2 . 
  the uk , while it saw no land combat , did of course suffer from strategic bombing , and years of its entire industrial capacity pushed straight into warfare definitely took its toll . 
  i think what surprises me is not the fact that the uk was eclipsed , you could argue this was inevitable with a ( homeland ) population a quarter of the the other two superpowers , but the speed it happened at . 
  ww1 took a big toll on the uk too , but afterwards the uk remained perhaps the most influential country in the world , and although it was gradually eclipsed , going into 1939 , the uk was still certainly a world power . 
  ww2 on the other hand , while it was not immediately obvious in 1945 , wrecked britain . 
  it was a matter of a 15-20 years in which the uk fell from being in the top 3 world powers respected around the globe to being a , in some ways economically struggling regional power in western europe with a notable financial industry . 
  i think this plays into the general apathy of many brits with the eu and europe in general . 
  for mainland europe , almost every country was either occupied or suffered catastrophic damage . 
  the war was a ` fresh start ' for europe ( perhaps more for western europe than the soviet dominated states ) , a blank slate to build everything again . 
  the uk was hit but came out of the war a superpower , politically stable , its infrastructure damaged but intact , having military forces parading on every continent . 
  it never had that complete destruction and redrawing of history like much of the rest of europe did . 
  the flag even has them on it . 
   does it seem to you uk is being nice ? 
  has the uk government been openly hostile to the eu ? 
  ironically the largest concentration of those seem to be in the uk . 
  in my opinion , only the ` war guilt cause ' was really an overly harsh , damaging part of the treaty of versailles . 
  everything else in the treaty was exactly as other countries ( especially the germans ) had done to other defeated nations in the past . 
  in fact , while the sanctions were large , they were not crippling . 
  germany did not raise money the conventional way during the war , instead taking massive loans and hoping to repay them with reparations when it won the war . 
  on top of that , the german economy did recover anyway , even after the largest global economic crisis in history . 
  canada-eu trade has a value of around $ 60 billion , whereas uk-eu trade is more like $ 550 billion . 
  because the uk is a larger market than canada or south korea . 
  i do n't expect to get special treatment , i expect a fta between allies and big trading partners . 
  of course membership of single market without free movement is n't happening . 
   even without that they have everything they need to build nuclear weapon themselves , and with germanys advanced industry , they could do so in a very short time . 
  how many nukes can you build in the 5 minutes it will take for 100 warheads to strike germany ? 
  a good chance to practise my french ahead of an exam today . 
  well it 's a question of degree . 
  they 're not gon na want to give the uk all the rights we have now , but at the same time i do n't think it 's beneficial to the eu to specifically punish the uk . 
  the route they 'll take is somewhere in the middle . 
  remember what happened to the last atlantic wall ? 
  jesus christ , i am british . 
  look through my reddit history if you like . 
  i mean , you know a lot about history , good for you , maybe you 're right , but you ca n't just make baseless accusations of me being a russian troll or something . 
  do n't want to be disrespectful , but if the nazis won , they would have sent them all to gas chambers , and everyone they knew , and germans would be living in their houses today . 
  [ ahem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost ), 
  yeah , but they did n't plan to annihilate several races and kill ~ 200 million people . 
  because [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost ) was the alternative . 
  what about the nazis who specifically saw the slavic peoples as inferior being , deserving of being wiped out and colonised by germans ? 
  in 1944 , the war was long decided . 
  germany had lost army group south and army group north was being lost ( 2 out of 3 eastern army groups ) . 
  only army group centre was left against the entire , much larger soviet army . 
  it was too late to counter-attack . 
  for the defeat of a regime that specifically planned to kill 200 million people , that sounds worth it .
