  not that the soviet union did n't contribute to the war more than any other nation . 
  i 'm torn . 
  i 'm half greek , so that would be nice , but then again , 1966 !, 
  i do n't really care either way . 
  sure , if i was suddenly put in charge , i 'd * probably * repeal the ban , i generally do n't like the idea of it , but it does n't affect me . 
  if i was made all powerful , i 'd have it repealed immediately , but practically , that 's not really an option . 
  i suppose you can never agree to a definition of it . 
  it 's all well and good saying someone can ` bear arms ' but i 'm pretty sure if some billionaire began building an actual military with heavy weapons , live explosives etc. 
  someone would quickly forget about this . 
  clearly , there will always be a limit on what constitutes ` arms ' , why not gradually real that limit in . 
  you , a civilian , ca n't build nuclear weapons ? 
  well , then you might as well start by banning higher calibers and machine guns , for example . 
  chamberlain was trying his best though . 
  he 's thought of as weak , and his decisions turned out to be disastrous , but he seems like he was making good decisions at the time , trying to maintain peace . 
  nobody 's gon na call him ` evil ' . 
  anyway , there are some , um ... other leaders willing to give up their country 's power to maintain peace . 
  * cough * petain * cough *, 
  born and lived in london , always will be british . 
  i have family in greece and korea though , dad 's parents lived in cyprus and mainland greece , moved to manchester , where my dad grew up , then moved to london at a young age . 
  mum came from korea , family still lives there , last visited them about 4 or 5 years ago , speak korean fluently , but never learnt alphabet ( probably should ) , attempting to learn greek , because dad was too lazy to teach me . 
  yeah , slavery was frowned upon in most of europe for centuries . 
  colonies were another matter . 
  i guess people felt less guilty about it since the slave traders were ` only the middlemen ' ( buying slaves from africa and then selling them to colonists ) . 
  i knew what it was immediately . 
  i do n't know about others , but everyone i know , if specifically referring to the race of a black person , would just say ` black ' . 
  i mean , what do you expect us to say ? 
  tell you how to stop the rain ? 
  i 'm afraid the last wizard here disappeared a while ago , for now we 're at the mercy of the weather , at least in the uk . 
  do n't know about elsewhere . 
  eastern europe , western world . 
  no , i certainly do n't . 
  i consider them areas governed by a country that is a member of the eu , but definitely not part of europe , in the same way i do n't consider wake island as part of north america . 
  i think what many people outside the eu do n't understand is that we do n't consider the eu one country ( at least in the uk ) with places like france , germany , britain etc. 
  it 's ` districts ' or whatever . 
  the eu is a loose economic union , it is n't considered to hold that much power . 
  not particularly . 
  i stay happy that statistically it 's unlikely to affect me . 
  however , come to think of it , i do spend most of my waking hours within a minute 's walk of big ben , so ... 
  yes , i certainly consider myself european . 
  should n't have invaded poland . 
  yes . 
   franzmann ( french/france man )  derogatory you really do n't like the french , do you ? 
  is it true you actually do n't care about us in football , but you do care about the beating the dutch ? 
  germany invaded yugoslavia and greece in 1941 as italy was kind of failing by themselves . 
  it was split into german and italian occupation zones , and a croatian puppet state that included much of present day bosnia and herzegovina . 
  i guess muslim fundamentalism does exist as an issue . 
  i suppose that just needs better integration into a more collective society , in which we leave religion at home , or at least away from other people . 
  honestly , parts of the us , especially in the south , are shown as full of ultra-fundamentalist groups that denounce evolution and go to rallies to say gay people are going to hell or whatever . 
  i 'm fully aware that by no means all or even most americans are likely like that , it 's just slightly scary that big , self contained groups exist in which children are sent straight to creationist schools and taught to hate gays etc. 
  growing up with no opposite side of the argument , almost certain to be brainwashed and go on to teach the same to their children . 
  fair enough then , but regional pronunciation and dialects would still be a problem . 
  we 'd need to introduce a universal latin system , picking and choosing from various dialects . 
  fair enough then . 
  they 'd all gang up on the turk , but not beat him up completely , then turn on eachother like last time . 
  then they 'd turn on the austrian . 
   that scots take more out of the economy than they put in it um ... 
  i ca n't comment on the truthfulness of that statement , but if it 's true , what else can you say ? 
  in the uk , religion does n't really play a big part of life . 
  in statistics , you 'll see large numbers of christians , but these are mostly just christian from ancestors , and christianity is more of a tradition than a religion . 
  not many people go to church regularly ( at least in london ) . 
  the main thing i am surprised about with the us is the number of religious fundamentalists . 
  i have met only 1 christian fundamentalist ( and they were korean ( i 'm half korean ) ) , and even a teacher of religious studies , who is a chaplain , laughs at christian fundamentalists . 
  ironic for americans to talk about no-go areas with [ ` ahem ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_washington,_d.c . ), 
  as their capital . 
  birmingham ? 
  manchester ? 
  so the biggest english cities except london ? 
  uk ( if that counts ) , france ( many , many times ) , greece , italy , vatican city ( lol ) and i 'll be going to poland soon . 
  remind everyone that we were the only major european country to never have our homeland invaded by germany . 
  latin is archaic . 
  new vocabulary would have to be invented for half the words in modern use . 
  as well as this , grammar is complex , and pronunciation is non-universal ( latin has been spoken all over europe for centuries . 
  i , in england , speak latin in a distinctly english accent , with a few slightly italian sounding sounds . 
  but someone who learnt latin in , say , poland , would have a totally different accent . 
  the fact that latin died out as a primary language means there is no agreed upon pronunciation/set of pronunciations ) . 
  well , if we choose latin , at least i know a bit . 
  look at belgium , switzerland , even the uk and spain to a degree . 
  these are all countries of multiple , large language and ethnic groups , but are perfectly stable . 
  nobody in belgian wants to join the netherlands just because of language , northern ireland does n't want to leave the uk , catalonia does have a small independence movement , but the majority is fine with spain . 
  switzerland , arguably the most peaceful and neutral country on the planet , has 3 different groups . 
  belgium and switzerland are fine with multiple languages , so can all of us . 
  hell , there are 4 official languages just in my country , it 's a union of sorts . 
  with a better name , i think it could , in theory , be great . 
  of course , there are many hurdles to overcome , and the constituent countries would always have to have high autonomy , but still , i think if we can get our act together as a continent , we should aim for this ultimately . 
  language and culture are only temporary problems . 
  look and switzerland , belgium . 
  they are multi-language countries , and as stable as any other . 
  all we need is time . 
  most of the ` lords ' are not really lords , they just are experts at various things . 
  sealand, 
  because i live in england . 
  that 's ... actually really cool, 
  in the case of a nuclear war , tell the swiss to reserve you and me a space . 
  -1 casualties . 
  that must be the best odds of a war ever . 
   bug royal event . 
  so insects have a royal family now ... 
  just take some of canada 's ice . 
  turned into 4 i hope not , though, 
  you do n't,
