  speak english and korean fluently ( although i never learnt to read korean ) , and can speak a little french and a tiny bit of greek . 
  i live in london , and i 've never experienced any crime first hand . 
  we were doing pretty well divided in the 19th century , but now there are n't any uncivilised people to pick on . 
  the attitudes in brexit . 
   less possible then 1 right , so this is harder than literally moving continents ? 
  here in the uk , we just take ages to get anything built in the first place . 
  it 'll be common just to see blocked off areas of the road with no roadworks for days . 
  my dad complains about the boring weather here in the uk ( which is basically slight drizzle , cloudy , slightly chilly for about 2/3 of the year ) and insists he 'd rather have a more interesting climate like central europe . 
  that picture of the lake district is how suburbs look in most of the uk ( apart from the amazing view ) . 
  the problem with the us is it 's way too big . 
  you ca n't see all of it , of even like , a quarter of it , in one trip . 
  the only time i went , i was quite young , and visited california and ( i think , but i ca n't really remember ) nevada and utah with my family . 
  i think i 'm quite unusual in this . 
  i see myself more as a member of humanity than anything else , and i 'm really proud of the achievements of our entire species . 
  this may be because despite living in the uk , i have relatives in 2 ( well , 3 really ) countries , not including the uk . 
  apart from that , i see myself as european and british equally really . 
  generally being from the uk , you do n't realise how varied other countries are in climate . 
  we 'd next to the ocean , so our temperature does n't vary much . 
  compare that to , say , germany , poland , central russia etc. 
  that have boiling hot summers and freezing winters . 
  how could someone think brazil somehow colonised portugal ... 
   it 's very rare that we have more than 75 cm of snow . 
  is 75 cm meant to be , like , a small amount ? 
  oh , jesus , i went to auschwitz recently . 
  fortunately , most people were behaving themselves , but still , the atmosphere was very ... serious . 
  would not want to cause a commotion there . 
  just , generally do n't get in the way when it can be avoided . 
  honestly , france and the uk are pretty much perfect rivals . 
  so similar in population , gdp , long history of wars , have a small military but nuclear weapons , and both former colonial powers that are still large on the world stage , but yah since become less powerful . 
  i think the best way to sum it up is that we ran away , then helped stop france falling to communism . 
  what do you i 'm not ? 
  i 'm not what ? 
  anyway , i learnt the language as a baby in england and occasionally went to korea when i was very young . 
  i just never learnt the written language . 
  nigel farage is in a weird mid zone where he 's not a serious contender for prime minister , but at the same time , he lead the third biggest party ( by votes ) in the 2015 election . 
  i exist . 
  i live in london . 
  yeah , there are lots of tourist shops , but when i visited paris , it was something else . 
  on the big streets and near the tourist areas , there was someone standing every 5 metres trying to get you to buy exactly the same mini-eiffel towers and whatever else they had . 
  at one point a police car arrived ( in a square of some kind ) and chased a few away , but they all came back 5 minutes later . 
  `` shit ... '' - me, 
  i 'm actually beginning to wonder if we 'll leave at all . 
  most likely we will eventually , but it would be funny if in 30 years time , the fact that the uk once voted to leave the eu , but keep delaying indefinitely and never actually initiated article 50 , became piece of trivia . 
  oh , well then nobody does . 
  question : why are there so many people in paris trying to , illegally , sell me useless crap ? 
  so infuriating that i 'm korean , and i speak korean , but i ca n't understand any of the written language . 
  i 'd have to painstakingly refer back to another page to phonetically transliterate every character , and then try and work it out , which i wo n't . 
  anyway , we 're not that bad over here . 
  just stay in london , i experienced one episode of racism in my entire life ( and that was an incredibly drunk person ) . 
  i 'm half korean . 
  honestly , if you 're in the big cities , pretty much none at all . 
  in london , the population is so diverse , you 're unlikely to come across any racism for * decades * at a time . 
  i have n't often been to areas outside the big cities very often , but from what i 've heard there is some racism , but not institutional racism , just casual racism from random people . 
  native : english first that i learnt : korean fluent in : english , korean ( but not the written language ) learning : french ( not quite fluent , but i can get around with the basics and do basic conversation ) , greek ( because family ), 
   since more than 70 years . 
  sorry , the rest of your reply was great , it 's just that , as someone learning french , i can see french grammar seeping through the cracks . 
  that 's a medium car * at the least * . 
  is it bad i laughed at this ? 
  as i spend most of my day in central london near places like big ben , i always find it funny when there are tourists waiting at an empty road , staring in utter confusion at the commuters just ambling across , barely even looking to the side . 
  i 'd say something , but it would be a bit ironic considering the current situation . 
  that was the funniest thing i 've read all day , somehow . 
  only if it 's hot enough . 
  so about twice a year . 
  i do n't dislike america , i have great respect for the country as a whole , they are a valuable ally and just generally a really great country . 
  it 's just that portion of the population that i can see on the internet that constantly rants about how america is the best and every other country is both inferior and needs the us to constantly protect it . 
  they 're annoying . 
  i 'm guilty of living in london and assuming everywhere in the uk is the same . 
  here , it does n't matter what you look like , if you have an english accent , you 're british . 
  older people might be slightly wary of foreigners with thick foreign accents , but other than that , nothing . 
  i went to krakow once . 
  not a single non-white to be seen , and i went to big squares , tourist areas , and a jewish festival . 
  at least in london , exactly the same as a white person . 
  they are either british by citizenship , or not . 
  if someone has an english accent , they are exactly the same as anyone else . 
  i always think of switzerland as a medieval state that somehow survived the ages of nationalism and political extremism . 
  perhaps this is unfair , but it just seems like one of those holy roman empire states that was somehow teleported into the modern world . 
  i spend most of my waking day a few hundred metres from big ben . 
  yeah . 
  but the first world war was the height of the empire 's power . 
  nah , we learnt about how we had the slave trade and everything , but we also learn how we were the first to ban it . 
  anyway , when it comes on the ww2 , we proudly talk about how when the rest of europe surrendered to germany or did nothing , britain fought alone for months . 
  we quickly forget about how the us and soviet union did most of the heavy lifting at the end . 
  i think you mean lygos . 
  this is the thing most people in the us do n't get . 
  it 's not as if the british empire just fell after the us won independence . 
  in fact , britain went on the build a much bigger empire and was at its most powerful at the outbreak of ww1 . 
  i learnt a lot of vague parts about the british empire . 
  we are taught about some atrocities , but conversely , the good we did in ending others . 
  for example , we learnt about britain 's part in the atlantic slave trade , and how british traders caused huge amounts of suffering to millions of people , but then again , we also learnt the process of all the politicians who pushed to banning slavery ( as the first country to do so ) , and how it was eventually enforced across the british empire and even on other countries ( i ca n't remember off the top of my head anything about the banning of slavery and how it came about , but we learnt about it ) . 
  higher risk of fire . 
  googled it , us is second when it comes to biggest houses , with australia first . 
  does n't excuse using wood to build them though . 
  tip : try to make sure it capsizes closer to greece than turkey . 
   ~ ~ small ~ ~ big houses made out of cardboard, 
  however , what britain and the us did do was stop stalin coming further west . 
  had it not been for the western allies , most of europe would have fallen to communism and become puppets of moscow . 
  while it 's true that the soviets suffered massive casualties , it 's a bit misleading and does n't tell the full story with that one statistic alone . 
  a huge number of soviet casualties were in the opening attack , the first months of the german advance . 
  most casualties were panzers surrounding cities , such as kiev , and as many as up to half a million and above soviet soldiers surrendering at a time . 
  basically , half the soviet field army had surrendered within the first few months of barbarossa .
