  also britain stayed out and just tried to undermine it throughout its existence . 
  how do you translate ` european union ' into proto-indo-european ? 
  as far as i see it , liberal is economically right , socially progressive , but in america they seem to call leftists liberals . 
  it 's not a valid point , because it 's irrelevant that french people of the 19th and early 20th century introduced catholicism to africa , as these people are not the same people as the ones alive and ruling today . 
  it 's like if a german criticises poland 's government , and someone says `` lol you know the nazis destroyed poland , maybe it would be a better place if they did n't '' . 
  well , so what ? 
  on the subject of population boom - is n't the african population boom just a repeat of what we saw in asia ? 
  china and india specifically saw a huge population increase , especially in the later 20th century , which is continuing but slowing today . 
  is this not just exactly the same as what will happen in africa in the 21st century ? 
  civilisations are n't built because people care about building one . 
  there is n't a big meeting where people decide today to transition from a tribe to a city . 
  it happens gradually due to social , environmental and economic reasons . 
   being `` civilised '' is n't some prerogative of western countries that 's not what anyone 's claiming . 
  ` civilised ' means there is a functioning state and society running the region and its people . 
  in some , not all , but some african countries , somalia being an extreme example , there is no or inadequate state-level organisation . 
  that is what civilisation means , not how ` western ' somewhere is . 
  ` liberal ' automatically meaning economically left is always confusing . 
  however , it 's clearly going to be bad for everyone . 
  it 's not cheap to move hundreds of billions of financial services to other cities . 
  and saw huge political and social changes in the aftermath . 
  in a very broad sense , i guess . 
  was the un involved in the decision to invade iraq in defense of kuwait ? 
  i 'm not sure i 've heard of any un involvement there , but i may be wrong . 
  the actual people who did the crimes in the holocaust are all dead . 
  in the balkans , people are still alive , and even not yet held accountable , for the crimes they committed . 
  i 'm sure many are walking free right now . 
  the music 's overdoing it a bit i think . 
  it 's people going about their daily life , not humanity 's transcendence to a tier 4 civilisation . 
  edit : not that the music 's bad . 
  exactly this to remember . 
  for ever monster , there are 1000 good people just trying to get by . 
  humans can be corrupted to awful levels , but most are not , the majority are out there to get along and help eachother . 
  mao , stalin , hitler killed millions , but there are people who through the green revolution or inventing vaccines have saved billions . 
  some people have personally murdered dozens of people , but there is a guy who has a certain rare type of blood which means by donating it regularly he has so far saved over 20,000 people . 
  20,000 people saved directly through his personal actions . 
  look past the dark patches , and modern humanity is a beautiful thing . 
  i do n't think you are , but it seems a lot like your defending violent extremists . 
  hitler literally saw slavic people as inferior and unfit to live . 
  he would laugh at any alliance, 
  there were some small probing attacks that saw a couple of km of advance into german territory , but nothing of substance . 
  when you 're playing civ but you 're behind your ally in tech . 
  maybe the jewish immigrants can make up for the millions of dead natives . 
  seriously though , the number of jews in a continent is hardly a good measurement for its quality . 
  but he was n't elected . 
  brown took over after blair resigned . 
  nobody make the bloody jakubmarian.com joke , please . 
  i 'm just waiting for a 100 % immersive vr world building ` game ' , like minecraft but without being restricted to blocks . 
   it 's almost like we 're on another continent . 
  exactly . 
  your continent is a worse one , 
  3 whole orders of magnitude above their previous record . 
  yeah except we 're not even good at that . 
  i 'm just saying in general . 
  it 's so weird seeing a video from ( i 'm guessing ) over 10 years back and merkel is still there . 
  why not ? 
  i 'm not excusing the fact that it happened , i 'm simply saying the world was a different place back then . 
  we do n't demonise the leaders of the ancient world for their acts of genocide , because it was pretty normal at the time . 
  take various greek kings in sicily , for example , who slaughtered entire towns and cities . 
  obviously we treat them differently to modern genocide because of context . 
  while churchill did terrible things , we ca n't use a 2017 mindset to look at his crimes fairly . 
  where did that come from ? 
  i 'm not defending britain 's atrocities , i 'm just taking context into account . 
  i 'm saying it is one possibility of an infinity of what could have actually have happened . 
  it could be argued that the rushed decolonisation of india in 1947 , and the reckless way it was quickly split between india and pakistan , lead to thousands of deaths and suffering for millions . 
  i do n't know if this can be directly blamed at all on attlee himself , but he certainly had a hand in it . 
  they 're just sad human beings that like roleplaying their glorious people 's revolution . 
  they do n't and never will achieve anything other than satisfying their own desires to be extremely edgy and ` rebel ' . 
  i notice this a lot on reddit . 
  people saying violent criminals should be tortured to death for example . 
  insane . 
  if anyone needs to let off some steam , look up videos of some of these people getting rekt by riot police . 
  it 's not that capitalism has n't killed anyone , it 's that far left anti-capitalists point to deaths due to colonialism , or just wars fought by western countries , as deaths caused directly by capitalism . 
  i 'd advise extreme caution in saying the world would have been much better if germany won ww1 because no hitler . 
  we have 0 evidence to conclude the alternative was better , and the paradox mod kaiserreich shows us a view of how it could have possibly been just as bad , if not worse . 
  for all we know , there could have been a cold war between german europe and the us , ending in a nuclear exchange and everyone dying . 
  we can never ever judge which would be better . 
  it 's not bs , in that it 's true that colonialism brought suffering to millions , however it 's unfair to judge european empires as worse than their non-european counterparts just because europe happened to win through superior technology . 
  until the 20th century , it was simply seen as normal for greater nations to conquer and oppress smaller ones . 
  this was a universal thing around the world , and african , asian , native american etc. 
  groups were no inherently better than europeans , they just happened to be at a disadvantage . 
  it 's as simple as this , if the industrial revolution happened in china , india , the arab world or sub-saharan africa , it would have beeen them splitting the world up between their various colonies , enslaving millions and destroying cultures . 
  we , as a collective humanity , should be extremely proud of how far we 've come , to the point that the world is a much more peaceful place and it 's becoming less and less acceptable to just invade places for no reason now . 
  exactly . 
  it 's a bit of a circlejerk about how bad churchill was , but in the end all leaders before 1970 or so were pretty shit in some ways . 
  it 's always been a question of degree . 
  i mean , go back far enough and every single leader engaged in genocide pretty much . 
  frankly , this map is misleading . 
  it includes every country british troops have ever fought in , regardless of which side , as well as countries that did n't exist at the time . 
  give me one leader of a major country before 1970 that did n't do something horrible . 
  every nation and culture ever in history has partaken in genocide . 
  in prehistoric tribes , it was common to 100 % wipe out other tribes in warfare . 
  what makes it worse in the 20th century is how recent it was , which is why we view the nazis with such contempt - they combined modern scientific knowledge and the technology of the industrial revolution with a deeply prehistoric , brutal practise that modern humanity should do without . 
  ever heard of an alliance called ` nato ' ? 
  not necessarily when the combined military might of nato utterly obliterates the russian attack . 
   like `` muslims are the worst terrorists '' or `` far right nationalists are the worst terrorists '' or `` black people are the biggest criminals '' and it 's like are we just going to ignore all of these people are male ? 
  are you seriously suggesting there are 0 female violent criminals , terrorists , etc ? 
  why do we even divide ourselves into groups at all ? 
  just because men do these things more than women , does n't mean it 's solely a problem for men , in the same way dying in wars is not solely a male problem for men either , despite the majority of combat deaths being men . 
  this identity politics , of splitting ourselves into groups and blaming certain groups , is only going to divide us further as a species . 
  this goes everywhere , with people treating domestic abuse , for example , as a problem that is solely perpetrated by men on women , which is totally untrue .
