i 'm a brit , so i may be a little biased but ... 
  while i would n't say it was good overral , it certainly had some good . 
  banning slavery in the eary 1800s and then using the navy and empire to reduce slavery worldwide and police shipping was , i think you can agree , quite a good thing . 
  even in india , some good was done , such as banning some human rights breaching practises and the construction of infrastructure , while of course bad things happened too . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to just lable the british empire as bad , in the same way you ca n't really argue if the roman empire was bad or not . 
  it was such a big thing it ca n't really be measured easily . 
   your country did n't win a single important offensive against the axis until after the us took over supreme allied command so the defeat of the italians in libya never happened ? 
  anyway , listen . 
  i 'm well aware a british invasion of mainland europe was impossible . 
  i 've been studying the ins and outs of ww2 both formally and informally for years . 
  clearly a smaller country that concentrated on naval power could not attack germany directly , one of the strongest land armies in the world . 
  what you neglect to mention is that france would have capable of liberating itself . 
  if the soviets were at berlin , all but essential german troops would be out of france defending the home front . 
  the death of hitler would see german high command collapse , french rebels would get to paris long before soviet tank column . 
  anyway , all of this is sort of irrelevent . 
  the point is that the uk was safe indefinitely . 
  the royal navy could sink ajy german invasion even if the raf was gone ( which it was n't ) . 
  britain was defended by geography that germany simply could n't overcome . 
  american support did n't save germany , nor did it really turn the tide against germany . 
  the us 's involvement moved the iron curtan a few hundred miles east . 
  cherry picking one defeat in a 6 year war are we ? 
  how about the time american forces after operation torch were beaten back by the same rommel that had earlier been defeated by the british 8th army ? 
  anyway , thanks for turning up to stop the worst regime in history only after they declared war on you 2 years in . 
  nice one there . 
  only 2/5 of the beaches in d-day were stormed by americans . 
  username checks out i guess, 
  at this rate transhumanism will make marriage obsolete before poland legalises same sex marriage . 
  just joined the group . 
  wo n't necessarily be able to take part but maybe another time . 
  the industrial revolution began around 1750 . 
  colonialism reached its zenith around 1900-1920 . 
  exactly . 
  colonialism was just a byproduct of the industrial revolution happening in europe . 
  i was pretty sure with yalta the soviet union was at least officially open to allowing the polish government in exile to come back in some form . 
  of course , it did n't happen in the end . 
  ... shit, 
  even if that was true , we 're gon na be overtaken by india and brazil anyway . 
  just looked him up , he 's insane . 
  what the hell even is ` national bolshevism ' ? 
  it sounds like ` papal atheism ' or ` jewish nazism ' . 
  that second one is not a castle . 
  i completely agree with this . 
  having to wear hijabs is not the end of the world , but for bigger things , something has to be done . 
  genocide , mass murder , these are things that we simply ca n't allow to happen . 
  i often see people on reddit complaining about how we should leave countries to themselves and that they have a ` different culture ' . 
  well , you know what ? 
  i do n't care about your culture , if it 's hurting others , it 's a shitty culture . 
  that applies equally here at home . 
  there are aspects of our cultures that are n't perfect , and we need to work to fix them . 
  i do n't see how this is relevant to the discussion . 
  sure , it 's totally the fault of the west , the us and uk in particular , for causing this mess , that goes without saying , and i 'm sure everyone knows . 
  but i do n't see this as relevant , and it almost seems you 're raising a point for the sake of it . 
  i mean , it 's not as if every time there 's a discussion about communism in poland , someone says `` well , the reason is the nazis invaded poland , and then were pushed out by the soviets , so it 's really all the germans ' fault '' . 
  rely ? 
  well it helped , but we were safe . 
  our navy kept the seas mostly open , and the u-boats were n't enough to starve us out . 
  we could n't do d-day , but we could win in north africa and sit safe on our island forever . 
  yes , they won along with the dozens of other allied nations . 
  i mean ... tomato 's technically a fruit . 
  we won the war . 
  i 'm not offended by that . 
  * secretly reads comment using gcse french . 
  nobody suspects a brit to know another language . 
  it 's pretty much wrong anyway . 
  long term axis victory in ww2 was impossible . 
  the odds were stacked against them . 
  even short term , germany physically could n't invade britain , due to naval superiority and quite decent airforce . 
  britain could hold out indefinitely and wait for the awfully structured nazi economy to collapse as the conquered people rose up again . 
  coastal serbs, 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted for defending freedom of speech . 
  wait , what ? 
  why ? 
  i know nazi imagery is banned or whatever , but there was none of that . 
  this one honestly makes no sense to me . 
  why do americans claim to be irish when they 've never been to ireland , do n't speak irish , do n't know any irish people , and live in completely americanised culture ? 
  ~ ~ national ~ ~ principalitan stadium, 
  well bulgaria was almost twice as big as it is now as soon as 110 ( ? ), 
  years ago, 
  i 'm not even italian but pasta with ketchup sounds like an abomination . 
  the actual number of how many people in the us believe in creationism is definitely much much higher , but even 1 % is quite high for such a ludicrous belief . 
  i do not believe in horoscopes . 
  i still may occasionally look at such things just cause it 's fun . 
  i have 0 faith in them actually working , but just knowing about them is enjoyable . 
  the fact that a large proportion of people in the us , more than say 1 % , honestly believe the world is 10,000 years old says enough . 
  all of that is irrelevant . 
  france could destroy russia . 
  it does n't matter how many more nukes russia has , as long as france has enough to destroy dozens of russian cities . 
  mad still applies as long as both countries can hit eachother . 
  currently 5th or 6th . 
  will probably be overtaken by india and brazil in the near future though . 
   the us openly states they 'd like to destroy the eu . 
  you frame this as if the entire us government and population are actively trying to tear apart the eu . 
  a few might want this to happen , but i find it very unlikely trump is gon na be able to pursue aggressive policies against the us 's most powerful regional group of allies . 
   we have states rights and states are fairly autonomous . 
  the eu is a lot more autonomous than the various us states . 
  the eu has no direct power to enforce its will on its member states , it does n't have an army it can send in to stop dissent . 
  what i find funny is that the refugee crisis has had such a massive effect on the world , but the effects caused by its perceived negatives are greater than its actual direct effects . 
  brexit likely would n't have happened had it not been for the refugee crisis . 
  the results of this one vote will profoundly alter the course of the 5th of 6th largest economy in the world , and will have other smaller effects in the rest of europe and the world . 
  the actual refugees in the uk had a relatively smaller effect , but it was the public perception of the crisis that eventually led to the change .
