and i 'm sure plenty of people will be unduly angry at that . 
  oh hey , it 's that guy, 
  that 's what people said about removing the saddam regime ... and the qaddafi regime, 
   bring peace and stability did n't cameron push hard for bombing assad ? 
  he 's a karate black belt so you 're not far off . 
  i doubt he can move very quickly anymore though . 
  a [ picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jcmotzz.jpg ) paints a thousand words still , if you insist on knowing more : * he was the bodyguard of communist dictator todor zhivkov * he then became chief of police * then he became mayor of sofia . 
  he was so confident he 'd win the mayoral elections that he did n't even put up any posters or do any tv campaigning . 
  he won easily * then he became prime minister [ some ] ( http://ekspertenkolektivz.blog.bg/photos/118528/original/boyko-borisov.jpg ) [ other ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03064/boyko-borisov_3064104c.jpg ) [ favorites ] ( http://teodordetchev.blog.bg/photos/9221/original/2013_04_24_boyko_borisov_snimka_asen_tonev-dnevnik_bg.jpg ) of mine oh and you can play him in football manager 2015 with vitosha bistritsa in the bulgarian b group , he plays for them sometimes . 
  but his physical stats are way off , namely the given weight of ~ 75kg, 
  is this the real life is this just fantasy blah blah blah blah blah respect for legality, 
  i 've contributed to similar threads before , and they always devolve into the op having arguments with people , telling them or implying they 're racist or intolerant , then the americans arrive preaching about civil rights and comparing gypsies with african americans etc. 
  i think the fairest answer i can give is that there is a reason european gypsies ( i 'm using a non-pc word because in my country they mostly call themselves gypsies , not roma ) are marginalized almost everywhere , unlike other groups . 
  if you 're 100 % serious about finding out what those reasons are , next time you 're in europe take some time to visit a gypsy ghetto and speak to them . 
  you will get only one side of the story , but take some time to look around , take it all in , compare it to the poorest non-roma communities you 've seen . 
  good , take up their debt and the issue is resolved . 
  merci !, 
  now compare the average wage in these countries in 1989-1993 relative to greece 2008-2013, 
  what about a person sitting behind a desk for 10 hours playing minesweeper compared to a person sitting behind a desk for 8 hours actually working ? 
  i 'm not saying the greeks are like that , just continuing the analogy . 
  i do n't think the `` laziness '' accusation towards the greeks was directed at their work hours , more like their incredibly early retirement age and huge pensions ( especially pre-crisis ), 
   the problem with this fairytale is that , according to oecd figures , the greeks work 42.5 hours a week , on average , compared with 35.7 hours for the germans . 
  dropped the ball there . 
  those figures do n't consider productivity or competitiveness , simply hours clocked in , potentially doing nothing on the job . 
  you ca n't really slam the author for having a hard bias , this being an opinion piece , but he hardly seems to suggest anything other than a massive write-off of debts . 
  hard to take an article like that seriously when he describes the ecb as `` flint-eyed hitmen '', 
  stop jumping between hotel balconies or jumping from 6th floor balconies into the pools you retards . 
  seriously we get people dying every year from this . 
  yes i know alcohol here is cheaper than water where you 're from but try to stay alive please . 
  there was massive emigration way before we joined . 
  it 's not going to happen in bulgaria in the next 50 years at least . 
  you 'd have to change the constitution and anyone even mentioning gay marriage legalisation would be committing political suicide . 
  there are very few things that can almost universally unite the country but opposition to gay marriage is likely one of them, 
  i also want to second this for bulgaria since we always get lumped in together for both stereotypes . 
  well in light of new events i would just because russia will pull some shit if they looked like joining . 
  i do n't know any dutch or belgians irl but they just seem like cold assholes from what i 've seen from media and from friends who have lived there . 
  i 'm sorry dutch and belgians your countries are great btw, 
  can someone eli5 how the hell you award a double vote to someone based on how much stock they own and for how long ? 
  ~ ~ surely that goes against fundamental constitutional principles . ~ ~ edit : well that 's sorted then thanks for the replies, 
  if this was fm you 'd have the british and prussians destroying the french until they have 5 guys left and they turn it around killing everyone and winning the battle, 
  you can use the internet is amazing analogy for pretty much every country , which does n't help in op 's context . 
  also i 'm talking about in broader terms , not just in porn accessibility . 
  i 'm tempted to say we 're worse off now . 
  i think the article misses some key points . 
  the world ( europe included ) expects america to be its police force because america itself has insisted to play this role over the last 70 years . 
  the us has treated every dictator boogeyman as a threat to its national security and has usually turned to military conflict to resolve this issue . 
  america has extended itself through nato to suffocate the ussr/russia and now has to uphold its obligations . 
  yes , there is a military budget requirement but obviously no consequences for breaking it . 
  so if a nato country invokes article 5 , the us will have to intervene or suffer a massive blow to its foreign relations everywhere . 
  this situation is america 's doing , not europe 's . 
  which is ? 
  right , and the advantages are that you can be a tax haven due to your small population . 
  as far as i know they 're given housing ( separate for men and women and children ) , 3 meals a day and full healthcare . 
  then there 's all the personnel attached - translators , guards , etc. 
  plus the consumables - hygiene products , basic daily supplies etc. 
  i do n't think we 're under any obligation to provide them with cash . 
  even though it might be a good idea since if they want to buy anything they might resort to other means to get the money . 
  i agree than 1000e/person sounds more than enough but i do n't know how many refugee centers we 've built etc. 
  so money might be tighter than you think edit : also i 'm not sure that the 1000e is a monthly payment , more likely a single one . 
  what should they rely on ? 
  basket weaving ? 
  there 's a reason these small nations turn to tax havens : it works for them . 
  there 's only so much you can do economically with a population of 500k or less, 
  take that , literally every british tv site ever . 
  although they 're more likely to just take the content down for everyone now . 
  this is incredibly cruel . 
  farage is being chased away from his natural habitat . 
  how is he supposed to maintain his daily routine of taking photographs holding pints now ? 
  construct a fake stage ? 
  pathetic . 
  #savethefarage #pintlad, 
  when it comes to dps i 'm not as concerned by the ethnic vote as much as the fact that they 're consistently linked with organized crime and shady businesses , more so than other parties . 
  when that changes i 'll look at their platform, 
  i am surprised and confused, 
  everyone in that room is open-minded enough to forget about their ideological differences in return for cash . 
  a lot of those can be read 5 different ways longest work hours - does n't take into account actual productivity sexual harassment - that 's reported sexual harassment living with parents - who 's taking care of whom ? 
  portugal is rough but not as rough as serbia, 
  any idea why it would say turkey for bulgaria ? 
  seems completely wrong , i would say germany for us as well . 
  i know we have a lot of turks but still, 
  i like how we 're the only ones not calling anyone poor . 
  wonder if there 's a reason for that ... 
  i was n't suggesting that, 
  here is an example from the immigration and nationality act :  any alien who , in the opinion of the consular officer at the time of application for a visa , or in the opinion of the attorney general at the time of application for admission or adjustment of status , is likely at any time to become a public charge is inadmissible obviously a lot is dependent on the opinion of the consular officer . 
  there is not always an objective criteria , and of course i 'm not saying it 's possible for there to always be one, 
  the requirements are clear but since there is no objective criteria for your visa to be accepted it 's still left in the dark why applications from this or that country are rejected and it might leave people with the idea that it 's a completely political move, 
  borisov has a big capacity for self-delusion but even he knows this is bullshit . 
  i would n't take this seriously . 
  `` borisov agreed to the statement that there were no convicted politicians in bulgaria probably because there were not any corrupted people among them . '', 
  he was probably laughing when he said that, 
  i 'm shocked and suspicious of these results . 
  usually we 're dead last in satisfaction surveys , even below third world countries, 
  either disable comments altogether or enable them for every article . 
  this is the worst of both worlds, 
  what greek sounds like to ~ ~ foreigners ~ ~ americans, 
  in short : minivan with belgian plates containing suspicious package was left at the airport , the owner - a foreigner - left on a flight earlier . 
  a police dog and a bomb-sniffing device both reacted to the package . 
  police are dealing with it and all terminal 1 flights are redirected to terminal 2, 
  ok , how about taking some small part of the billions you 're spending buying the refugees ipads and throw it our way or hungary 's to fund border security ? 
  i wish every article about bulgaria did n't start with `` so everyone knows bulgaria is a shithole but '' otherwise good article,
