  specifically the saudi arabian regime that promote their extremist and backwards branch of islam . 
  and also the west had only itself to blame for destroying the secular alternatives in those countries that they compared to the soviets . 
  considering that the most bloody terror attack in scandinavia was commited by a white supremacist i think they should reconsider their position on allowing far-right ideologies to take root . 
  they should stamp out those lunatics . 
  that 's the point of the joke ... 
  in netherlands there 's no hills . 
  the most rated comment on that youtube video ... hahahahaha, 
  well , it was a tremendous coincidence that so many influential people were in that plane and that it crashed . 
  i can see why conspiracy theories would pop up . 
  in portugal we also had a prime-minister that died in a plane crash in the seventies and there 's still a debate if it was a murder or not ( nowadays investigators tend to believe it was ) . 
  my view point is that i wo n't suport a common military in an european union that continually tries to humiliate my country , and force unfair cuts to the majority of its population that are tantamount to economical sanctions instead of actively persecuting the real culprits and reform itself into an union that actually protects its member states instead of blackmailing them . 
  anything that increases france 's influence within the eu is good for me . 
  i 'm tired of the excessive influence of germany and when the relation of power between germany and france was more balanced things worked much better . 
  no you ca n't . 
  i wo n't bleed for another country if that country does n't exhibit solidarity torwards mine nor shares the same set of values . 
  i definitely do n't want a common military or common nukes with a lunatic like kaczynski . 
  and same sex marriage ? 
  a european military implies a tighter eu , with more shared responsabilities between the different countries . 
  now tell me why should some countries chip in to an european army if that eu treats those countries like crap and demands ridiculous sacrifices to its populations . 
  no thank you . 
  want a common military ? 
  ok , lets have common bond treasuries , lets have an upper chamber in the european parliament where each country is equally represented and not proportionally to safeguard each countries interests . 
  lets have a talk about debt relief for greece , italy and portugal . 
  lets talk about enforcing the rules on germany for them to control their obscene budget surplus which is against the eu rules but everyone turns a blind eye to that . 
  as long as it keeps working and prove the international community wrong about their viability and seriousness ... and they managed to stop the attack on the portuguese middle and lower class , the national health service , public education , public transports , etc , etc. 
  holy crap , that ca n't be in vietnam . 
  amazing !, 
  no it 's not . 
  nothing forces other parties to have to accept conditions from the party that earned the most votes but not enough to govern if they do n't want to . 
  if the party that won the elections ca n't find partners then the second most voted party must be called to try to form a functioning coalition . 
  that 's not undemocratic . 
  democracy allows majority rule but assures protection of minorities against majority rule via an independent justice system , political bodies selected through distinct elections ( ex . 
  president , upper camera of parliament ) . 
  i do n't understand why most people seem to forget this . 
  if he wants european nukes then he would have to be in favour of tighter eu integration and a bigger step torwards federalization , something that him and a bunch of other eastern european countries are adamantly against . 
  plus , the french have nuclear weapons . 
  they just have to make it clear that an attack against any member of the eu would lead to the deployment of said nukes . 
  most europeans know him as the right wing lunatic that unfortunately saw his brother die in that plane crash . 
  i would . 
  paris is undoubtedly the cultural capital of europe and also one of the most populous cities of the continent . 
  if it 's written we can understand a lot . 
  i used to vacation in galicia and i would read marca every day and i never had any difficulty doing that , or reading local newspapers or el pais for that matter . 
  occupied by who ? 
  i would say we are free south galicia . 
  we do n't have to bend the knee to no king from castille . 
  when i lived in sweden and the us i often had people asking me where from russia i was because they could n't understand my words but found the sounds similar . 
  and a friend of mine is actually married with a russian and when she speaks on the phone with her family it sounds like she 's speaking gibberish portuguese hahaha . 
  spanish people ca n't understand portuguese because they are arrogant and do n't make an effort to understand us . 
  :p joking aside , portuguese spoken by a portugal native is phonetically very different from spanish and other latin languages . 
  we do n't open our vowels and we actually have a lot of sounds that make it sound similar to russian . 
  brasilian portuguese is easier for other latin people to understand since they open their vowels and speak more slowly than us . 
  galicians are portuguese that did n't get their independence . 
  that escalated quickly . 
  lets send them all to hungary and then kick hungary out of the eu !, 
  this fucker has no shame . 
  for sure . 
  i applied to postdocs there ... 
  germany also does n't pay that well . 
  and turkey is one in all but in name . 
  maybe in the uk is different but in portugal we 've been voting for the lesser of the two evils almost since we became a democracy again . 
  and it 's the best way to vote . 
  these are n't beauty pageants . 
  vote on the one that screws you less not the most shiny . 
  do n't put every socialist party in the same bag as yours . 
  otherwise you would have to thing that merkel is the same as \u00d3rban for example . 
  trust me . 
  not to the extent of sweden . 
  and from what i 've mostly lived people still are very attached to the parents even when studying in other cities , often visiting every other weekend it every weekend . 
  and people from lisbon do n't leave their parents house when going to college . 
  there 's hungary already in for that . 
  it 's cultural really , it 's easy to understand that greeting is different in different countries . 
  it 's not because of that that notherners are perceived as cold and unwelcoming , it 's mostly smaller things in social interactions , certain social norms which are very different ( ex . 
  kids moving away from the parents when the go to college while in the south it 's very common to have a strong connection untill quite late in life ) , certain socialization meetings which are very different ... heck , i think that swedish people were way more friendly and open to new people than portuguese from lisbon . 
  i really liked swedish people , although i also had two or three unpleasant interactions because i was from southern europe ( although not by swedes but from dutch co-workers ) . 
  not really . 
  you just made yourself look like a fool . 
  do you have the maturity level of a 5 year old to refer to another person like a fat beardy man ? 
  that 's how we do in portugal . 
  it was fun when i moved to sweden and greeted the swedish girl that helped me settle in erasmus the same way and she reacted weirdly . 
  hungary and poland should lose their right to vote as well . 
  for me , the most positive result in this poll is that the afd is decreasing in the polls . 
  it seems he is aggregating votes from people that were going to vote for afd . 
  english centric news channels are very biased to only give news of certain countries unfortunately . 
  agreed . 
  however the us should remove every nuke from turkey . 
  erdogan is not trustworthy . 
  yes . 
  that 's the fear . 
  and the funny thing is that her electoral base does n't give a fuck about her being corrupt while preaching that they want someone honest . 
  russia has thousands of nukes . 
  dude , the uk still did n't feel the effects of the vote because everything is still the same . 
  that 's just what i was saying . 
  and portugal this year actually did pretty well . 
  the feeling is reciprocal from europeans towards the uk . 
  i just hope our leaders do n't sour the relationship between the uk and eu any more . 
  i never said i was making fun of brits . 
  you deserve all the respect of everyone . 
  you took a sovereign decision that i do n't agree with but you are adults . 
  however you still are in the eu and growth is still connected to the eu . 
  as a matter of fact the eu grew more than the eurozone so something is not working well for the countries with the euro currency .
