  this is not a trade deal . 
  i do n't think they will sign the paris climate accord , but since this was already a non-binding agreement , they can follow the spirit of the accord anyway . 
  it 's funny because the templars endured in portugal . 
  i wo n't downvote like others are doing . 
  but , if anything , corbyn has shown tremendous backbone because he has n't dramatically changed his positions and behaviours compared with other politicians . 
  i really dislike may , but calling her a `` frigid , opportunistic cow '' is hardly constructive or respectful . 
  your analogy is completely flawed . 
  you do n't have to be ashamed from applying a lot of money in 2015 . 
  that 's what the funds are for . 
  cohesion requires the richer countries to give more than they receive . 
  they are . 
  yours seems to be much more recent than the misleading one posted above . 
  well , i do n't think this will change much for the elections but this was truly shameful . 
  for demanding accountability from the government that cut security funding ? 
  robots truly go for all jobs . 
  praise the ominissiah !, 
  why should we ? 
  israel does n't seem to give a fuck about maintaining good relations considering the way they behave with palestinians . 
  did n't knew about this . 
  : / yeah , there 's no good partners to work with aparently . 
  agreed . 
  :( if i was the eu , i would start working with iran . 
  saudi arabia citizens fund terrorists . 
  the saudi arabian kingdom funds the most virulent strain of islam . 
  andlets not mention the orange turd hostility torwards europe . 
  we could actually work with iran . 
  slovenia is not a shithole . 
  political correctness is not a scar of war . 
  it 's actually being considerate and polite with other people instead of spouting verbal diarrhea . 
  i would n't mind too , but russia would n't allow that to happen . 
  but nowadays it is completely unnecessary , at least in the pantheon 's case . 
  in the balkans not really , no . 
  i think the entrance of china to the wto severely affected italy . 
  their textile and shoe industry ( mostly based on southern italy ) was probably severely hard hit ( much like the portuguese one , which only fully recovered the last year ) and their auto industry which competed on price was outcompeted by more healthy companies that also competed on price . 
  one of the things that pissed me of a bit in rome was this repurpose of old roman monuments to catholic churches . 
  nowadays , does the pantheon still need to be a religious monument or have religious ceremonies performed in it ? 
  it 's not like there 's a shortage of churches in rome . 
  yes , that 's one of the most important reasons on why not to have these conflicts . 
  also because of that conflict nowadays an entire style of mustaches is frowned upon . 
  we should really think about that when considering large scale conflicts . 
  this is a cool map , but since those countries are in the eu , this union is a bit pointless no ? 
  shame about belarus and ukraine though . 
  i scared about italy because things there are not improving as they should . 
  and i can see the 5-star making a coalition with the north league . 
  considering that russia is anti-eu there 's a mighty reason for that . 
  i 'm afraid that some eastern countries might bite the hook that the us is dangling . 
  i can see hungary and poland striking a bilateral trade deal with the us and then block any atempt from the eu to sanction the other country . 
  considering that the main focus of this joint force is to help african countries and eventually projection of forces , spain makes a lot more sense than poland . 
  and germany and france do n't have to wait by other countries . 
  if the other countries want to join and cooperate then they should join instead of trying to block everything they do n't like . 
  good . 
  so poland should approach germany and france to join in this cooperation project . 
  and then see what france and germany demand of them . 
  nothing forces germany and france to have to cooperate with poland and considering the anti-german behaviour of the current polish government i think the first step should be made by them . 
  germany and france do n't have to wait by anyone else . 
  why poland ? 
  they 're not part of the eurozone and act like spoiled brats . 
  it makes much more sense to include spain . 
  also , ater the lisbon treaty countries can form smaller groups and agree on doing some things on their own to which other countries can join later . 
  i love macron . 
  i wish portugal had someone similar to him so that we could also pass laws that could moralize politics in portugal . 
  good job spain !!, 
  i hope your economy continues to have a great performance . 
  a healthy spanish economy is good for portugal . 
  you first must join the eurovision song festival . 
  then you are a honorary european much like australia . 
  i 'm a bit nervous because things have been going too well lately . 
  i 'm expecting a catastrophe to hit portugal soon because we are not used to such a flurry of good news . 
  oh , they are . 
  but they miscalculated and their win will be by a smaller margin than what they wanted . 
  hence , it will be a pyrrhic victory . 
  it 's a well-known fact that every german participated in a porn movie at one point in her/his life . 
  ( not really , just making a joke ), 
  i agree with you . 
  that 's a stupid loophole if ever there was one . 
  investing on those powerplants instead of investing in solar and wind which now make sense economically and not just environmentally is just dumb . 
  i assume you are referring to this ? 
  http://www.bioenergy-news.com/display_news/9799/european_biomass_association_bioenergy_accounts_for_60_of_eu_renewable_energy/ funny , i never thought biomass accounted for such a big percentage but the use of biomass is mostly on eastern european countries like yours . 
  the eu should create incentives for eastern european countries to build more wind and solar energy . 
  i guess since in portugal we barely use biomass , i did n't knew it occupied such a big percentage in the rest of europe . 
  we mostly use hydroelectric and wind . 
  we still have a couple of coal power plants that will eventually be phased out , and in the next few years there 's going to be a big increase in installed sollar power . 
  oh , they will be easier . 
  not so advantageous though . 
  i do n't think that 's what he meant to say . 
  multicultural cities do n't all look the same because there 's plenty of variation and different people around . 
  he complained about things looking the same , so i took it as all modern cities looking the same instead of respecting the architectural and artistic norms of each city into consideration . 
  well , maybe erdogan should stop acting like a spoiled brat then . 
  portugal does glacial progress ? 
  dude what ? 
  go check the progression of unemployment rate in portugal since the last two years . 
  people fail to understand that change is gradual . 
  what ? 
  european capitals hardly look the same ... we take care of our historical monuments and neighborhoods . 
  i think in gdp per capita you are already ahead of portugal . 
  and you 'll soon catch up to the more developed economies in europe . 
  you should go to war with ukraine over it !, 
  thanks for the reply . 
  did n't knew that . 
  seriously , what the fuck poland ?
