  thanks for the laugh . 
  i hope so . 
  it 's time for european countries to stop being so permissive with hostile countries pouring funds to try to brainwash our youths into hating europe . 
  if macron and schults were the next leaders of france and europe we would witness truly momentous changes in europe . 
  yes , it is more or less what i meant . 
  guys , i found the nazi . 
  just because there 's one paper about does n't mean that it 's true . 
  this would need further body of evidence to be proven and further research to corroborate it . 
  but kudos to you for providing an interesting research paper . 
  why does csu hate them ? 
  and you assumed i was communist because ... 
  http://www.dnoticias.pt/pais/portugal-vai-condecorar-martin-schulz-ek792107 he also got the city keys of lisbon ( usually only awarded to heads of state ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cybnwdtqdo, 
  interesting . 
  this seems to be a problem around all europe then . 
  i do n't think that germany * must * transfer wealth to other european countries . 
  each country contributes what it can and no more should be asked . 
  but the legal building of the eu must be done in a way where not one country can dictate the future of the other countries and where the benefits and duties are spread among the entire union . 
  unified bonds do this , and then talks about a unified army are justified . 
  this would also lead to people demanding more accountability and anti-corruption measures at the eu level . 
  and anti-corruption measures at the eu level would be very helpful for portugal because the center right and center left parties in portugal are n't serious about fighting it . 
  the responsability of a country for its leaders ends when a constitution is drafter and political parties can manipulate on who a population votes . 
  even if you vote for the best guy in the world , if he 's surrounded by sleazebags and your juditial system is set up in a way that makes it harder to investigate economical crimes there 's not much that the population can do . 
  the greek governments did terrible mistakes but many of those mistakes were done in collusion with european institutions , german and french corporations and even politicians . 
  and while most people like to make broad generalizations it would be good to distinguish between `` greek government '' and `` greek banks '' and `` greek population '' . 
  because making everyone pay because of the mistakes and greed of a few is highly reprehensible . 
  if the eu believes in punitive measures against 10 million people because of the greed of a few , why should small countries ( not jsut southern european ) want to belong to such a union ? 
  nothing further from the truth . 
  but whatever , keep on hating me because of my nationality . 
  i am highly skeptical that they cared about the south . 
  european funds for portugal during the 90 's and 00 's highly incentivized the destruction of our productive sectors ( fishing , agriculture , industry ) while it promoted these sectors in germany and france . 
  and this attitude against southern europe is something pervasive that has lasted for a long while . 
  i heard some unpleasant things in sweden about my country from my dutch supervisor and my room mate as well from a german med student in the czech republic in erasmus . 
  `` greece actively got banks to lie to the eu when joining , they already knew they were heading for a black hole before joining the eu . '', 
  --  the greek government at the time did that . 
  not the greek population . 
  and do n't tell me that the population should have elected another government because they were limited by their constitution and parties in who they could vote for . 
  and a few of the banks that lied were german and french . 
  because it suited them . 
  but toying with the prospect of throwing greece out with all the consequences that it would have to the country 's population after they were in just to break tsipras was despicable . 
  they were willing to let greece crash and burn with all the consequences that it would have . 
  if you start to draw the line between `` good europeans '' and `` bad europeans '' is it an european union ? 
  it became quite clear that the german government did n't give a fuck about european solidarity in that moment . 
  just like many european countries do n't give a fuck that greece is still facing issues with their unsustainable debt and is filled with refugees . 
  with barely any european country showing any willingness to support them . 
  i 'm aware that in the refugee crisis germany has behaved admirably . 
  the right wing/conservative electorate obviously . 
  those people that think it 's fair to punish the population of a country because their leader screwed them over already . 
  and do n't pretend that you do n't know who i am talking about . 
  just go read comment boxes of other news sites or even here in reddit . 
  portugal is probably one of the oldest countries in europe . 
  and its land borders have stayed the same for the most extended period of time . 
  our culture and language is drastically different from spanish . 
  i know for you guys we are all the same because you barely have any contact or exposure to news about portugal . 
  furthermore , when the spanish crown grabbed dominion of portugal in the late 16th century they destroyed the portuguese economy and autonomy . 
  we managed to recover our independence but since the portuguese navy was destroyed by james cook when destroyed the invincible armada we could not recover our hegemony . 
  so to sum up : we ( as other regions of spain ) have plenty of reasons to complain about spain . 
  maybe you should 've stayed provinces of the ussr as well . 
  what do you think about that ? 
  in fact i do n't understand why you do n't leave the eu now and rejoin russia . 
  at least a third of your population woud probably be very happy with that . 
  and since you got in the eu later you still are not so attached to it . 
  the european union is already an ongoing project with the purpose of surpassing national differences and to build something that supersedes those differences of culture and economics into a common project . 
  it 's purpose also simply invalidates the `` need '' for uniting with spain . 
  adopt eu-wide rules against inter-border corruption and eu directives about measures to fight corruption and to harmonize judicial system measures to fight corruption . 
  that is easily within the grasp of current eu institutions and mandate . 
  but no , it 's easier and more popular with a certain electorate to cut 500 $ pensions . 
  and i 'm not . 
  there was plenty of guilt to spread around and most of it lies with greek politicians . 
  but the way it was handled ( especially after tsipras election ) was disgraceful , humiliating and affected strongly the lives of people that were innocent . 
  not really . 
  by all means pass anti corruption measures !, 
  persecute judicially portuguese politicians and bankers that embezzle and steal money from the eu . 
  go after their offshore bank accounts and all all their assets . 
  heck we are doing that ourselves already . 
  you may even own portuguese banks since our elites bankrupted our country . 
  oh yes , the r/the _ donald is a den of communists . 
  so suppressing fake news is being equated to suppressing free-speech ? 
  lol, 
  after seeing the effect that fake news had in the us in the last year i 'm all for regulating free-speech . 
  and here in europe there 's limitations to free speech already . 
  hate speech and nazi propaganda are forbidden for example . 
  and fake news are not free speech . 
  they 're scams and are ways to actively deceive people and profit from that . 
  you can even find multiple news reports of interviews with fake news generators that are making tremendous profits by pumping out fake news . 
  i wo n't even comment on the implications of having hostile foreign actors using fake news to influence elections . 
  i just mentioned a middle ground to you . 
  he 's an outsider in german politics and someone that has n't been involved in the internal politics of spd . 
  tell me your definition of middle ground ? 
  is it to have lunatics like \u00d3rban in power ? 
  oh , for sure they have a different vision . 
  a vision where all decisions at an european level must exclusively benefit germany . 
  for the latest in this just look at the clique of german economists that is constantly attacking the ecb 's policies and autonomy because draghi actually is running the ecb taking into consideration not only the german economy ( and inflation rate ) but also other european countries economies . 
  i would prefer full european integration . 
  it 's really disenfranchising to small countries that all major decisions seem to be taken by germany ( and france to a lesser extent ) and that our needs are n't taken into consideration for anything at all . 
  yes !!!, 
  i really like this guy , we consider him a honorary portuguese over here . 
  very friendly and down to earth . 
  he even had lunch with a bunch of homeless people here in portugal and expressed his support for the downtrodden people in portugal as head of the european parliament . 
  this guy is a ray of hope for improving relations between european countries and he is an old-school left wing politician with actual convictions . 
  not someone crooked as gabriel .
