  i can tell you stories about the father of one of my best friends that saved money for six months to buy a wallet and then had no money to put in the wallet ( and had no money for shoes ) , or the story of the cleaning lady that helps my mother who , when growing up had a quarter of a sardine with a slice of bread as dinner after working in the fields for the entire day . 
  & nbsp ; so yes , after portugal became a democracy we increased public spending and had budget deficits . 
  we had to build a whole country from almost nothing ( especially after the initial convulsions after the revolution that crushed the few industrial bright spots of portugal ) and we still carry the burden of that dictatorship in the education level of our older population . 
  also , the fiscal rules in the eu were established much later than portugal and spain entrance into the eu and at the beginning the priority was in modernizing the southern countries not in us controlling our finances . 
  because at the time , european leaders had this silly notion that progress was defined not by hard economic numbers but by the education level , health and economic well-being of their populations . 
  & nbsp ; so yeah , we did n't prioritize controlling our public spending . 
  we prioritized giving healthcare access to the entire population , establishing vaccination plans , building schools , improving our communication networks , building energy infrastructure , etc , etc. 
  priorities i know . 
  i guess we should 've been `` fiscally responsible '' instead of decreasing our infant mortality rate from african levels to one of the best in the world . 
  & nbsp ; lets compare that to estonia : you guys came from a communist dictatorship with free access to healthcare , education . 
  you did n't have to invest in plenty of things that portugal had to invest in . 
  you are surrounded by plenty of neighbors , and economically strong neighbors . 
  there are plenty of reasons why you have your beliefs and why things in southern european countries worked differently . 
  who do we have ? 
  spain , which suffered from the exact same problems as we did . 
  & nbsp ; i think you are showing flawed reasoning because you assume that common debt will be equal to relaxed rules and unbalanced budgets . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying at all and rules must be designed that make everyone a bit pissed off ( common debt , but assurances about controlled spending , for example ) . 
  germany needs to take into consideration the position of other countries as well . 
  we 've been taking into consideration and following germany 's bidding for the past few years . 
  & nbsp ; i do have a pretty strong clue about germany 's position . 
  my family suffered a lot finantially because of germany 's position , as well as plenty of innocent people in portugal . 
  & nbsp ; as for your analogy of comparing certain countries to alcoholics i 'm not even going to reply . 
  it makes it crystal clear what your prejudice is . 
  good . 
  and the southern countries wo n't accept more austerity pushed through germany , the fiscal tax haven netherlands and the nordic countries . 
  & nbsp ; lets break up the eu in half then and lets see how those `` virtuous '' northern countries will do without access to the 170 million people of spain , france and italy . 
  sorry if i sounded too harsh . 
  i had a knee jerk reaction and did n't have much time to post a long reply outlining my reasoning . 
  & nbsp ; referendums have a tendency of blowing up in the country 's faces . 
  you are making a wrong assumption ( based on inaccurate stereotypes ) that other countries are just waiting for a more tight union to completely relax on budget deficit and public debt targets which is blatantly innacurate . 
  & nbsp ; the reason for the increase in budget deficits was the subprime crisis which hit europe very hard and then greece . 
  go research and you will see that portugal and spains budget deficits were being controlled before that and that the public debt was much lower ( spain had already achieved the targets even ) . 
  & nbsp ; if you 're going to have referendums everywhere then the eurozone will break up anyway because people do n't think that voting in european matters has direct consequences for their life so they tend to use the chance to vote in those elections as protest votes against their national governments . 
  just edited my comment because i posted it accidentally before finishing it , my estonian bro . 
   & nbsp ; i understand your position , but i am not saying that you would have to burden the debt of other countries . 
  the debt already created should be paid solely by each country , however new debt would be common to all . 
  and you would n't have much to suffer from cmmon debt because the benefits of being in a 340 million monetary union would vastly outweigh that . 
  & nbsp ; just look at how small states in the us prosper even though they have high debt . 
  there should be rules to try and prevent some spending tresholds to be surpassed , however many factors need to be taken into account carefully . 
  the eurozone is facing several problems and everyone will have to swallow a bitter pill to make things work . 
  not `` everyone '' ignores it . 
  go check again the public deficits of the eurozone countries please . 
  it 's very hard to stick to those rules in the midst of one of the biggest finantial crisis in history , as for the 60 % public debt rule , the definition of what was public debt changed a few years ago even !, 
  & nbsp ; for example , the rules for what was coutned as public debt changed in 2014 and those rule changes made the portuguese public debt shoot up 10 % ( http://www.jornaldenegocios.pt/economia/financas-publicas/detalhe/divida_publico_aumentou_cinco_mil_milhoes_de_euros_com_inclusao_de_cp_carris_e_stcp ) . 
  & nbsp ; so you have rules changing all the time and towards a more draconian direction . 
  why ??? 
  and did you ever thought to ask why that 3 % budget deficit should be untouchable or the 60 % public debt ? 
  or why the ecb should only take into account the inflation rate being around 2 % to adjust interest rates ? 
  or why should have to be carrying a public debt burden that has been saddled with losses from private banks as well ? 
  that 's bullshit . 
  so some things can and should be negotiated . 
  & nbsp ; these are rules that need to be seriously discussed and i do n't believe that germany will force an exit from europe . 
  i see it as much more likely for italy to leave even if these changes start to be discussed . 
  & nbsp ; i agree that budget deficits must be prevented whenever possible but this notion that the populations of some countries are lazy bastards and that 's the reason for all the problems needs to stop because it ca n't be further from the truth . 
  ok , that 's your prerogative . 
  leave the eu , the access to the common market and welcome the big bear from the east . 
  i agree , but to make europe resilient then you need to prevent the markets from exploiting differences between the member states . 
  this can only be achieved by having a common fiscal policy . 
  and the germans should understand the side of every other country in the eurozone . 
  the countries already agreed upon reducing their debt level and have surpluses or minimal deficits ( or are strongly decreasing their deficits . 
  the germans wo n't pull out of the eurozone because they 're the main beneficiaries from it and quite frankly , cdu just needs to tone down on their obssession and rethoric for the population to accept that . 
  more than 35 % do n't mind already ( the spd and green voters mostly ) . 
  this ca n't be introduced slowly because this past year and a half has shown that action needs to be taken swiftly and now instead of delaying things . 
  we call upon putin to stop europhobia and instead work towards pragmatic and mutually beneficial ties . 
  macron said that he wanted the current public debts to remain for each country and issue common debt exclusively for the future . 
  that seems like a reasonable compromise . 
  either way , germany will have to budge because not only france but italy and spain want significant changes in the eurozone . 
  it 's not all americans . 
  i can tell you that it is a small minority of americans that thinks like this , even in the gop this is not a widely accepted idea . 
  it 's just in the lunatic right-wing subreddits and corners of the internet . 
  the nerve of this guy . 
  it 's a humouristic article . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
   how are the negotiations for your new government going by the way ? 
  no news in the subreddit about that , would love to know how 's that going . 
  sorry , i disagree on several points you make . 
  first , by debating the populists it stops the populists because when they are forced to expand on their soundbytes to actual policy proposals you see them for what they are . 
  they do n't have a real government program and it shows . 
  & nbsp ; second , in the specific portuguese case , the left-wing parties never manage to surpass more than 10-12 % of the votes . 
  they 've never been parties with a real chance to get into power , but protest parties that try to achieve smaller things and represent certain smaller interests . 
  & nbsp ; third , to me it is outrageous to compare be and pcp to the fn or right-wing populists . 
  be actually has become more moderate and they actually have railed against some big economic scandals and gained a lot of clout because of that . 
  pcp became a party for worker 's unions . 
  and they 've demonstrated in this past year and a half that they can be pragmatic when necessity arises . 
  the existence of these two parties prevents the rise of real extreme-right wing parties in portugal . 
  it 's well known why these people are voting the way they are . 
  look at the huge unemployment numbers in so many countries and specifically the youth unemployment numbers . 
  & nbsp ; on the one hand we have the best educated generations coming into the work market being explored and shutdown of the work force . 
  then older , less educated people that are seeing their jobs taken and they are actively discriminated against because of their age and lower education . 
  & nbsp ; but the concerns of these people are being heard . 
  however , many do n't care because they 're angry as well and they 'll vote out of spite . 
  furthermore , there 's also people voting because they are racists , even if you do n't think so . 
  and with those , you ca n't argue , just simply call them for what they are . 
  do n't assume that everyone voting for fn or wilders can be argued with because they have a core 10 % -15 % which are truly racists . 
  however , these alt-right/neo-fascists/whatever you want to call them are very cleverly disguising their ideology with traditional left-wing economic proposals to obfuscate many people that would n't consider them otherwise . 
  & nbsp ; i think macron had the correct approach when he chose to debate with le pen and confront her ideas head-on . 
  he made clear the lack of ideas and policy of the fn by confronting her . 
  you defeat these populists by confronting them and forcing them to elaborate on their soundbytes . 
  & nbsp ; as for wilders he gained a few seats , but he still has less than what he had a few years ago . 
  considering that he won 66 % to 34 % i would call that a `` landslide '' .
