  i hope he manages to run a competent campaign and that this message becomes clear . 
  it 's better to have a career politician than fucking lunatics such as afd . 
  and he has n't a career in german politics . 
  he has mostly focused in europe so he is fresh in german politics . 
  he is very pro-european and was the head of european parliament . 
  he knows how to make things work in europe so he is electable . 
  at the least he is n't viewed negatively as gabriel and will increase the percentage of the vote in spd which is a good thing . 
  your government nearly threw that down the drain when they were open to expelling greece from the eurozone . 
  or when they imposed such humiliating and degrading conditions on the greek people that it almost seems like you wanted to impose a versailly treaty on a population that did n't have any fault on the actions of their corrupt governments . 
  so if there 's no fiscal union or no emission of eurozone debt instead of national debt then do n't expect a deeper integration . 
  stop fooling ourselves that `` all europeans are together and should stand up to putin and trump '' . 
  if the german government is not willing to make sacrfices in their current european positions and rethoric against southern european countries then do n't expect a closer european union . 
  expect an european union where populism will keep rising , where the 5-star movement will win in italy , where nationalist/neo-facist regimes spring up across all the eastern countries and where le pen will become stronger and stronger while podemos in spain will become a much bigger threat to pp/psoe . 
  yes , that 's why germany threatened to kick greece from the eu , spent the last year threatening portugal , with sch\u00e4uble trying to divert attentions from deutsche bank trying to foster instability in portugal . 
  if the german population is more pro-europe then i expect that this type of crap does n't fly anymore because blackmailing european partners into submission is not something that we will accept anymore . 
  i do n't know . 
  your media ( namely the bild , which i know is trash but it is the most read newspaper over there ) seems to hate southern european countries . 
  the same as your finance minister . 
  it 's good that the german population is opening their eyes to the fact that the eu is crucial for their economy and well-being and not a drain of their economy ( which i do n't understand how that idea became prevalent ) . 
  now lets see if they are willing to swallow the bitter pill of a tighter integration of the euro-area countries ( including ireland , portugal , greece , cyprus ) with a fiscal union , united bond emission because we sure as hell wo n't accept more loss of sovereignity nor contributing to a joint military without a less hostile position from germany and other central european countries . 
  no it would n't . 
  the european union was built upon the franco-german relationship . 
  you know , that european union that you poles joined ? 
  what 's up with that disdain for one of the best countries in the world ( france ) ? 
  they 're a lot more reliable than that neo-fascist/trump-like government you guys elected . 
  then russia should change their hostile attitude and start behaving like a responsible partner instead of phantasizing that this is the 19th century . 
  considering the hostility of russia to western companies go ahead and ban it for all i care . 
  your best friend trump is on track to persecute them as well . 
  got to agree with you . 
  it 's quite clear what is the purpose of russia today . 
  so what would you say should happen ? 
  germany should continue paying everyones debt and not say anything about it ? 
  and this is exactly the shitty posture that makes me say : fuck off with your european unity ideals . 
  if you ca n't accomodate the needs of southern european countries then do n't ask for european unity . 
  unite with the nordic/scandinavian countries and leave us alone . 
  germany is not paying anyone 's debt . 
  at most german banks and invetment funds are profiteering from the debt of southern countries . 
  much like they benefited from multiple corruption scandals involving german companies bribing decision makers in southern european countries without ever being persecuted in germany ( something that only started to happen a few years ago ) . 
  many other countries are net contributors to the european budget and that includes france . 
  and no , we do n't use exactly the same rethoric as the brexiteers . 
  what we see every month on the news is wolfgang sch\u00e4uble threatening portugal , trying to divert media attention from deutsche bank by unasked statements about portugal , etc , etc. 
  if you want to work together then get your decision makers to stop crushing the greek population when they ca n't even get the 13th month for minimum wage workers or retirees . 
  if you want to work together tell parasitic countries like netherlands and luxembourg to adjust their fiscal code so that they do n't steal tax revenue from fellow european countries . 
  if i am the reason that europe is failing so be it . 
  i do n't want to be in the same europe as you . 
  an europe that has no qualms in crushing the population of one of its member states . 
  that refuses to provide help to greece and italy when they 're packed with refugees and that gives pats in the back to authoritarians like viktor orban . 
  fuck your idea of an united europe . 
  if you are not prepared to do sacrifices and acommodate countries that actually support human dignity and human rights so be it . 
  stick together with those hungarian and polish lunatics for all i care . 
  `` it is just playing on emotions and old nationalist memories . '', 
  not just that , but also because many people from non-german nationality do n't want to belong to a european union that mostly just benefits germany and where the decisions mostly benefit germany . 
  if you want a european union , the public opinion in germany also needs to come to grips with the fact that they 'll have to accomodate other views and implement measures that are impopular like a fiscal union , shared bond emissions , etc , etc. 
  does that sound palatable to the common german or to the cdu/csu party member ? 
  i do n't think so , and while that is not accepted in germany then europe is doomed . 
  do n't expect us to contribute to a more unified europe , with more sovereignty lost to the brussels/berlin bureaucracy if germany 's attitude keeps being `` punish those lazy southern europeans because their governments were corrupt '' ( even though german companies greatly benefited form those corrupt politicians ) . 
  i wonder how czechia would be translated to portuguese ... we call it rep\u00fablica checa . 
  when you were czechoslovakia we called it checoeslov\u00e1quia ( and we call slovakia eslov\u00e1quia ) . 
  so basically you do n't have a name in portuguese . 
  you are simply an adjective : czech . 
  you are either an adjective for the republic or you were an adjective to slovakia . 
  they wo n't make it as costly as possible . 
  they 'll minimize the pain as much as possible without compromising the four liberties of the eu . 
  and that 's the right way to go about it . 
  these european politicians may be small-minded but in this case this is the adequate position . 
  if the eu does n't get a deal they 'll lose on a market of 60 million people . 
  if the uk does n't make a deal they 'll lose out in a market of 450 million . 
  you do the math on who has the more to lose . 
  i just pity that we could n't keep cape verde . 
  it was n't inhabited before we discovered it ... just because the majority of the population had african origin . 
  they could 've kept it and developed it like azores and madeira . 
  they were always colonies ... maybe brasil wasnt at some point . 
  and then you realize you are in america and it 's normal that all those things are around you . 
  in europe , you have plenty of distinctions . 
  you wake up in the morning . 
  you shave using a braun \u2122 machine ( german ) , brush your teeth with sensodyne \u2122 ( uk ) . 
  then you leave the building , take your samsung galaxy s7 edge \u2122 or xiaomi/miui \u2122 ( the overwhelming majority of europeans use android ) . 
  on your way to work , you grab a coffee at starbucks \u2122 ( maybe if you are in a country with shit coffee . 
  not in southern europe ) . 
  at work , you work on windows os \u2122 ( you do n't in russia ? 
  they 're a monopoly because of something ) . 
  you open your gmail \u2122 account and check a couple things to order on amazon \u2122 ( or gearbest or a multitude of other websites , amazon is crap in most eu countries compared with the american/british version ) . 
  then , it 's time for lunch . 
  better go at any decent pizza place besides pizza hut \u2122 ( spanish ) or any bistro if you think europeans eat at those places daily you 're well mistaken ) . 
  maybe it 's too unhealthy , let 's go instead to subway \u2122 ( lol ) . 
  after work , you go to your english language class to study for the toefl exam \u2122 ( only if you want to study in other countries - pray tell what other language should be used in the eu before brexit ? ) . 
  then , going home , you connect to facebook \u2122 and twitter \u2122 . 
  you play a little bit world of warcraft \u2122 ( or witcher - polish ) on gog \u2122 ( polish ) . 
  you go to the kitchen get a coca cola \u2122 , then you listen to music on spotify \u2122 ( swedish ) and go look at the news on reddit \u2122 about the russia sphere of influence ( who reads news on reddit ? 
  as a portuguese all this back and forth about borders and territories amuses me . 
  our borders remained constant through most of our history . 
  it 's not disputed territory except on the head of servian ultra nationalists that do n't have any qualms about shedding blood . 
  want to get in the eu ? 
  behave . 
  it 's their territory so if they want to destroy , yes it is reasonable . 
  they are a sovereign country . 
  pfff , you would lose hard to us portuguese . 
  it were n't our socialist governments that ran our economy to the ground . 
  it was bith parties and the cronyism between politicians and bankers . 
  do n't pretend you know anything about portugal is you just get your news from german sources .
