  if he places tariffs on german manufacturers , germany is well within their rights to retaliate . 
  in portugal we barely get coverage about the opposition parties in other european countries ( well , besides spain ) . 
  so it 's really sad that that 's the case . 
  a sold out social democrat party is simply irrelevant because it does n't fullfill it 's functions . 
  it did n't make you vote for them though . 
  so they lost their electorate 's trust for nothing . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  the uk and portugal even have the oldest alliance in the world . 
  curiousl you guys only remember that to win internet arguments . 
  but my point was that the guy i replied to was complaining about other european countries having less deaths than the uk . 
  we are dragged into wars by this alliance that we have very little interest in . 
  this destabilizes our borders . 
  damn . 
  so they sold their souls . 
  those are very specific topics . 
  you ca n't expect hi to talk about such minute details in a general presidential campaign . 
  he would snooze everyone to sleep . 
  social democracy is the bedrock of european society . 
  then why the hell do n't react and adjust ??? 
  why not present schulz as a candidate ? 
  i do n't understand really . 
  europe needs a strong spd in germany as recent history shows . 
  it 's a damn shame that they are adrift . 
  glad that you left the eu then !, 
  now you can go on epic invasions with your american friends without dragging us with you . 
  and have some more of those deaths . 
  but he is not right . 
  first , there 's no chevrolets in europe because general motors has opel which fullfills the exact same market niche in europe ( but he is too stupid to know that apparently ) . 
  furthermore , many component providers for the auto-industry ( including us manufacturers ) are german . 
  if he provokes a trade war with germany and they retaliate in the same measure the us auto-manufacturers will suffer a lot . 
  he should n't give an interview because the bild is a tabloid and not a reputable newspaper with journalists that are actually interested in producing quality pieces and in actually making meaningful question that yield productive answers . 
  agreed . 
  but maybe you northern european types should stop being so racist to southern europeans and stop trying to humiliate us . 
  just look at germany wanting to ban sales of fiat cars because they do n't trust italian regulatory agencies . 
  while despicable behaviour like that continues there 's no hope for europe . 
  can you explain me why germns dislike gabriel and why the spd is so low in the polls for so long ? 
  you know very well what is banned . 
  and in europe the are limitations to free speech because we had millions upon millions of dead because of demagogues . 
  so spare me your false outrage . 
  no it should n't . 
  it should worry the bastards that under the guise of free speech spread hateful rethoric and fake news . 
  as opposed to america , in europe we do n't take this lightly . 
  you just want an excuse to run away from erdogan . 
  we did good . 
  i 'm proud of our country for a change . 
  i can see why you guys do poorly at the pisa scores . 
  rectangular balls ? 
  innacurate . 
  the ottoman empire lasted untill ww1 . 
  the chinese empire is strangely absent . 
  japan could be considered an empire since their ruler was an emperor over multiple warring petty kingdoms . 
  i prefer chainswords to swords . 
  considering that i just used sarcasm and tongue in cheek , i think you 're the one with comprehension problems . 
  it direct surprise me much though . 
  wow , who knew kill-all-the-elites was such a virtuous and pure person !, 
  yes ... you 're right , there 's still play bears in the north pole . 
  but i thought that you central / nordic / western european were all decent . 
  moral , hard working people while we in southern europe were a bunch of lazy , fraudulent charlatans that only want booze and women . 
  how can i live my life without looking to the virtuous dutch , german and belgian people a moral compass ? 
  that 's what you get when you vote pis into power . 
  this tax was also introduced in portugal and it provided a nice tax collection plus it decreased the consumption of sugary drinks . 
  i really hope the government increases the tax but the industry is lobbying to ease it . 
  the nordick countries . 
  me too . 
  i was living in san francisco when he was first elected . 
  it was beautiful to see how people felt uplifted with his election . 
  and mccain was a honorable and competent opponent , whose only flaw was giving a stage to sarah palin . 
  completely unrelated to what i wrote . 
  but you support a country with the most barbaric ideology of islam so you 're not one to talk . 
  i have n't always sided with iran , because when the conservatives are in power in iran they really are confrontational . 
  but i understand what they suffered because of the uk and us . 
  the rest of europe should n't be dragged into that bullshit . 
  even moreso because if something happens in iran , it 's europe which will have to deal with the fallout . 
  not the us , and after brexit not the uk either . 
  so why should europe have bad relations with iran again ? 
  especially when they 're a stable country with a strong culture , university system , and a functioning state ? 
  if the us and uk dislike this regime , then maybe they should n't have overthrown mossadegh . 
  i hope he ignores popularity polls in the first couple of years of his mandate to enact real reforms in france . 
  exactly . 
  by making overtures to iran , i think they would eventually reach a point where they would become more open and progressive . 
  their population is young , their women have a history of being independent and thinking for themselves and you have strong progressive forces there . 
  by shunning iran , europe would just be strengthening the conservatives that many of the people replying to me say that they want to fight . 
  as i replied to another poster i never said europe as some sort of moral high ground . 
  i 'm not a naive 20 year old to think that . 
  if we have any moral high ground in recent history it 's because most european countries did not support the iraq war . 
  but that 's mostly it . 
  qatar , uae and many others assisti have barbaric and degrading laws . 
  look at how immigrants are treated in qatar . 
  how women are treated everywhere ... sa , to me , is the worst . 
  and iran does n't even come close . 
  also europe already deals with countries which did distasteful actions , including russia , the us and plenty others . 
  why should europe have to do whatever the us wants ? 
  we ca n't have our own foreign policy ? 
  because they sure do n't give a fuck about what the european countries think and then europe suffers the consequences from the us actions in the middle east because we are also `` the west '' . 
  they elect their president . 
  they are an incomplete democracy . 
  hezbollah has n't messed with europe in a long while , they 're part of the lebanese government , and are also fighting daesh . 
  are they good guys ? 
  but they 're not incarnate evil and can be reasoned with as opposed to sunni inspired terrorists like al qaeda or daesh who actively target europe . 
  also i never advocate that euros have moral superiority over the us .
