  not as big as chirac ofcourse . 
  but macron does n't have the support of a traditional party that have their own entrenched voters . 
  merci france . 
  great way to show to the fascist idiots and putin lackeys how eu countries react when threatened . 
  reaffirming the european values and showing that you truly know that the greatness of france lies in the great building that is the eu . 
  a building that owes a lot of its existence to france . 
  yes fascism . 
  lets not mince words here . 
  if you are triggered by that then deal with it . 
  what subreddit do we need to ask to draw this ? 
  understatement of the year . 
  lets see if we can reassemble the pile of bones and dust that is charle magne . 
  sorry , why should europeans sacrifice their lives in a possible war for cyprus if cyprus does n't want to belong to the eu ? 
  do n't forget that this does n't elect anyone for the national assembly . 
  although she may get 40 % now , when the vote for the national assembly comes around the traditional parties and en marche will prevent the fn from gaining too many seats . 
  considering the polls about who won the debate , she maintained the votes of her base . 
  macron did n't do many inroads , but he did n't have to . 
  that 's what happened in portugal actually . 
  the right won 36 % of the votes and were bitching when the left wing parties formed a coalition after the vote to become government . 
  it was interesting that 12 % of her voters said macron won while in the opposite only 3 % said the same . 
  however , the polls put the vote in a m 60 % -40 % lp . 
  the debate was seen as a victory of macron by 63 % -34 % to lp . 
  it 's very similar to the polls results so i think that both candidates failed to convince any of the other voters to change their vote . 
  so in effect a tie . 
  this benefits macron obviously . 
  he was selected by the european party as their candidate for european commission president if they won the european elections ( which they did ) . 
  it 's so confusing to american minds , i know ... you guys prefer an electoral college that does not represent the population . 
  it 's also why belgium allowed salafists to control belgian mosques in exchange for cheap gas ? 
  i do n't understand that association in portugal . 
  well , if they asked mostly people in lisbon i could understand it , but not in the rest of the country . 
  even so , in lisbon the average rent for a bedroom in an apartment right now is 300 $ -350 $ . 
  if you earn 800 $ you barely have money to live . 
  and not everyone earns 800 $ per month . 
  united republic of europe and southern ireland . 
  ok , thanks . 
  my doubt was if one country was facing a process he should not be allowed to vote in the process of anther country . 
  otherwise they can just negotiate to block the other process . 
  it 's a very easy system to fool . 
  if no one thought about that , then it is really silly . 
  so they 're still excusing their own shithole with what happened a century ago ? 
  hey , nobody 's stopping them from going into a war of conquest and redrawing new nations ... we constantly did that in europe . 
  and do not worry , in 10 years time all of the middle east will again be under the rule of the great otoman sultan erdogan . 
  if you make simultaneous sanction proposal to both countries i 'm not sure they can vote for each other ? 
  just keep voting for the guy because you `` have no better alternatives '' and that 's what you get . 
  i 've repeatedly told that to my turkish friends because of erdogan . 
  that 's not exactly true and you can very well see the downwards trend in deficits in all countries . 
  the problem is if the established targets are unrealistic . 
  there are countries that have more leeway due to their influence , namely the big countries like france , italy and spain but even those have tried to control the deficits . 
  there are already rules in place that demand the states to achieve certain deficit targets . 
  keep that in place . 
  also i would suggest that each member state has to pay down the national debts they built untill the moment when it was agreed upon to have a common eurozone public debt so that the countries that did n't see their debt skyrocket do n't have to carry an unfair burden . 
  this way each state has to be responsible and each state has to honor the debt they took . 
  maybe other mechanisms can be put into place as well . 
  but this debate needs to be done , and geographical prejudice and resentment must not be the driver factor . 
  that the competences of the eurogroup are handled by someone who 's is elected at a european level of nominated by someone elected directly at the european level . 
  i really do n't understand your line of reasoning in talking about ministers of each country when i am talking about european institutions . 
  national finance ministers should n't wield so much power at the eu institutional level when the eurogroup does n't have that power assigned to it by the treaties . 
  get a eu finance minister to do that . 
  and now i 'll stop replying to you since you level of arguments is to call other people 's arguments retarded . 
  he 's guilty by association to these people . 
  what ??? 
  you do n't the finance minister . 
  you elect a prime minister who then selects a finance minister . 
  so you have a body of nominated minister that hold the purse strings on the eurozone and have the power to impose whatever they want on member states . 
  a solid public debt management at the european level instead of letting everything to the individual member states leading to distortions since some members will get better financing deals than others . 
  even if it may be `` fair '' in the short term , if you drag this to the long term then you are effectively creating a vicious cycle that will affect everyone . 
  there 's this thing called `` solidarity '' that is crucial for everyone to benefit from common public debt management . 
  & nbsp ; otherwise we 'll reach a point where it 's not only greece on the verge of leaving the eurozone but also italy and then france . 
  and what is an eurozone without one of these two countries ? 
  nothing . 
  & nbsp ; a common european defense and intelligence service . 
  nato is great but the past year has shown that europe needs to develop its own defense independently of an usa that can turn hostile to the eu depending on election cycles ( the same can be said for the uk ) and to counteract russian aggression . 
  & nbsp ; more direct democracy in the election of the people with power in the eu . 
  clarification of the role of unelected organs like the meeting of eurozone finance ministers which hold enormous power without being elected . 
  & nbsp ; etc , etc. 
  yes , but the uk electorate that oted for brexit , and the tories do n't want to be trustworthy partners . 
  they want to go at it alone . 
  and as is mentioned above then the uk will get no deal . 
  because defenders of capitalism are usually socially conservative . 
  and right wing extremists see no problem in private property as well . 
  people that defend free market but are socially liberal are called liberals in europe ... and social democrats / socialists have also drifted that way . 
  yeah , hollande should keep his mouth shut or even say that he is not happy with neither choice . 
  yeah , the eu is the champions league . 
  give him time . 
  right now he just needs to say that turkey will adopt sharia and the change is done . 
  the portuguese minimum wage is below 600 $ . 
  535 $ is a high minimum wage ? 
  portugal is doing what it can , including vastly improving the education of its population and other variables . 
  change is starting to pick up as the numbers show . 
  so the same as with the previous government ? 
  and if you want to look at the current trajectory , it reached 18 % and is now on 9.8 % it 's consistent that we can consider it a real downwards trajectory . 
  are these the best jobs ever ? 
  and i would say that salaries are lower than they were pre-crisis . 
  but it 's a start . 
  damn , that 's actually a nice deal . 
  what is we throw a couple of bottles of wine in the mix ? 
  would you consider the f-16 ? 
  i heard from a reliable source that the portuguese f-16 's are amazing . 
  you should buy those . 
  just consider this : the gripens will come disassembled and will be delivered by ikea and you guys will have to build them yourselves .
