  we have reliable relations with iran . 
  france , germany , sweden , etc. 
  why should we become hostile to iran again ? 
  because trump said so ? 
  i never said the eu should cut its regulations with the us because of the egotistical maniac . 
  he will probably only last 4 years anyway . 
  but just as it should keep a relationship with the us it should have one with iran ? 
  you do n't handle well with different opinions do you ? 
  i 'm well attached to reality , i just have a different opinion from you in this matter . 
  so cut the patronizing and disrespect . 
  par for the course in the middle east . 
  saudi arabia and every other sunni country does the same . 
  so by your reasoning they should not be our allies . 
  also in the past decade , terrorism is funded by sunnis organizations , the sunnis are funding extremist mosques and ideologies in europe , and we have been suffering because of that . 
  so while iran is far from an ideal partner , imo they 're more reliable and trustworthy to be engaged diplomatically and economically than the sunni regimes . 
  so no , it 's not a `` go against the us no matter what the issue '' . 
  i lived in the us , i love the country , but europe must define its own foreign policy and it should not be dependent on the whims of an administration ran by a egotistical maniac . 
  also , engaging economically and diplomatically is crucial to defuse tensions ( like obama previously did with iran ) . 
  so this should be done with iran , and russia when they also adopt a less confrontational posture . 
  i hope the eu stands its ground versus the us and keeps its relations with iran . 
  no , i did n't made it up on my own . 
  democracy is not literally only about majority rule and you are ignorant if you claim otherwise . 
  having support does not mean he is not a dictator . 
  to be a democrat one has to respect minorities , freedom of the press and independence of the judicial system . 
  erdogan does neither of these . 
  and i fail to understand what being liberal or conservative had anything to do with respecting these basic tenets of democracy . 
  plenty of european conservative parties respect them and are democratic . 
  les republicains in france , the conservative party in the uk , etc , etc. 
  there 's a person in poland who does not occupy a position in the polish government or presidency , who effectively has a project to control poland . 
  be very careful about what may happen in the future , because autocrats do things sneakily untill they have enough control to fully reveal themselves . 
  look how long it took for erdogan to become the dictator he is today . 
  but a lot of people read them , unfortunately . 
  you know , you know ? 
  probably because the economy in italy has been in bad shape for so long your compatriots are disillusioned about the eu . 
  i cracked up because portugal looks ** exactly ** the same . 
  because these are private companies and the french state is inserting itself in this . 
  considering that most radicalized people in france are french , then they 're already home . 
  as it rightly should . 
  while i really wanted macron to win , this type of move threatens to alienate italy from the eu . 
  it 's well known that italy has not benefited from the euro at all , and this type of moves only strengthens the euroskeptics of italy with good reason . 
  if macron truly sees himself as an europeist , then he should not be protectionist against companies from other european countries acquiring controlling shares in french companies . 
  otherwise , it just reeks of the european union being a system of economic dominance by france and germany over the rest of the continent . 
  is that the impression they want to pass ? 
  diesel is greener for the environment but much worse for public health . 
  it 's separate issues . 
  do you know how much vat , vehicle taxes or other obscure taxes there are in southern countries ? 
  it already is an economic superpower . 
  if you mean a military superpower like what the soviet union was , and the us still is , that will take a couple more decades but they 're getting there . 
  but even so they already have plenty of nuclear subs which are advanced enough to be competitive vs western nuclear submarines , they already retrofitted their first aircraft carrier and are building a bunh of others after learning the engineering lessons from that first soviet carrier . 
  they are well on their way to become a superpower . 
  why do you think china will break into smaller entities ? 
  because 90 % of china 's population are from the same ethnicity and they do n't want to break into smaller entities . 
  i could see hong kong and taiwan trying to declare independence eventually , but that 's pretty much it . 
  good one . 
  well , too bad for them then . 
  they do n't vote to elect the ecb . 
  europe is more than germany and northern countries . 
  those lazy southerners , taking vacations . 
  or how about waiting for the inflation rate to actually pick up , and allow southern economies to actually grow ? 
  because italy is still not growing `` nicely '' as you put it . 
  the good thing about you guys getting in the eu was that we stopped being in the top-2 of all the negative charts !, 
  if this passes i hope google blocks google news in every european country . 
  that should teach these freaking greedy lobbyists that they should evolve instead of living like parasites sucking on the teat of companies that actually do something . 
  when michelle obama went to saudi arabia , she did n't use the headscarf . 
  nothing bad came of that . 
  iran needs more the eu than the eu needs iran because having solid relationships with the eu diminishes the possiblity of a nato strike in iran . 
  therefore , the eu leaders should stop being pussies and not defend the european values when they go abroad . 
  not exactly green , but better than non-renewable atlernatives . 
  a lot of the energy in portugal is also from hydropower . 
  we actually have a very small solar component in our energy mix , opposed to italy so we have to increase that one . 
  one of my favorite moments when i was in amsterdam was chilling out outside the main touristy areas eating bitterballen and drinking beers in a bar only with dutch people . 
  some people have difficulty in interpreting nutritional labels and in knowing what is good or bad for them . 
  it 's easy to say what you say when you are young , educated internet user . 
  it 's not that easy if you 're older , with poorer education and ahrder access to education . 
  but yeah , keep telling yourself that . 
  not really . 
  it 's perfectly possible to have buildings that respect the traditional architecture of a city without increasing prices . 
  dear polish friends . 
  the situation in your country is getting really fucking scary and this guy is really becoming deranged . 
  be careful because if this keeps going like this you might end up looking like turkey or venezuela . 
  he wants to cripple your democracy . 
  why the aggressiveness dude ? 
  i can assure you most people do n't read the nutritional labels of every product they buy . 
  do you , when you go to the supermarket ???? 
  if people are buying yogurts , because it usually is a healthy product then it 's completely ridiculous that it 's completely saturated with fat and sugar . 
  so yeah , companies should be held accountable for that and not the old or uneducated people who have a hard time making informed decisions about their nutrition . 
  stop acting like a asshole . 
  exactly . 
  i really hate modern architecture trends . 
  i ca n't wait for us to go back to more elaborate buildings . 
  yeah , i hope that changes then !, 
  these companies need to understand that central europe and eastern europe countries in the eu should be treated the same as the others . 
  i was asking for clarification because it seemed to me like some countries throwing a tantrum and seeing differences in treatment between markets that could have other justifications for said treatment . 
  there 's plenty of cases where the composition of certain processed food are different as well in western countries , but other people already explained the context to me instead of getting all defensive like you . 
  i also thought the same . 
  sensationalist and in a way making it seem like economic growth is a competition . 
  the uk are still an european country , and a partner . 
  their economy may have hit a snag but i hope they overcome . 
  it 's unusual for a developed country to have continuous sustained growth . 
  eventually some times there are deccelarations .
