you ca n't go lower than portugal since you have more neighbors voting for you . 
  we only have spain and they barely vote for portugal . 
  and then breed like rabbits . 
  and we know what dudes really mean when they refer to a woman as having large eyes . 
  ofcourse that if i said that french guyana is in south america , then i 'm not referring to europe , the continent . 
  apparently , you are pedantic but not smart enough to do that assumption . 
  the eu fosters the different cultures of its countries . 
  you have multiple accounts of spain suppressing the identity and culture of its cmoposing regions . 
  if you are uncapable of understanding that although the current regime in spain is not like that . 
  nothing is to say that in 50 years fascism wo n't be prevalent again in spain or europe and that a spanish dictator of an iberian federation would n't actively suppress portuguese for example . 
  go check historical examples about that . 
  not to mention the loss of economical autonomy . 
  right now we are poorer than spain but that was not always the case . 
  when we were under the same king portugal suffered tremendously in economical terms . 
  catalonya is one of the richest regions in spain and gives more money to spain than what it receives . 
  there 's plenty of reasons why a union is simply a poor idea . 
  and our history shows that ( mostly ) we accomplished a lot by ourselves . 
  is a region of france . 
  is france not in the eu ?? 
  everyone forgets that the french guyana is europe but is located in south america . 
  no it 's not . 
  that 's just a lazy bullshit argument without anything to support it . 
  lisbon does n't control porto . 
  although porto does have an inferiority complex ( and lisbon does try to siphon off european funds from other regions ) . 
  portugal was founded in the north of portugal , people are ethnically the same and lisbon was adopted as a capital later on . 
  we are judging spain for their actions in their past towards us . 
  as much as things are good now , nothing guarantees that 50 years in the future or 100 years it will be the same . 
  just less than 50 years ago , the spanish government was actively suppressing the teaching of catalan and its public use . 
  catalan still is barely taught in spain besides catalalunya , even in universities . 
  there 's more universities with catalan studies in france and the uk than in spain ( if you exclude the catalan-speaking regions ) . 
  so why do you want to discard your independence to a bigger country , just to risk that in 50 or 60 years , our culture , our language , our way of being is diluted or with a change of government a strong central government starts suppressing portuguese identity as it happened untill the recent past for other regions in spain ? 
  no thank you . 
  we are in the eu , we do n't need no bullshit iberian union . 
  and trust me if any moron tries to push that through in the portuguese public opinion i 'll be there fighting it every step of the way . 
  catalan was banned in several periods of spanish history . 
  very recently with franco . 
  so if he 's partly right , so am i. 
  furthermore , with the absorption of aragon into the spanish empire the language entered a period of decline . 
  so why the hell should portugal get into a federation that will inevitably be dominated by the bigger population ? 
  who can guarantee what happens in 50 years or a 100 years ? 
  so no thanks . 
  no iberian union . 
  we have an european union , which respects the identity of its member states and ca n't even uniformize populations like that because of sheer impracticality . 
  doh , yeah that 's the republican spanish flag . 
  my mistake ... you have so many flags ( including for your regions ) that i mistook it . 
  and ? 
  that 's how most nations in the middle ages started anyway . 
  nevertheless , we 've been on our own since the twelfth century . 
  much more than just a `` moment '' . 
  and i hate this fucking notion that it 's just a matter of time untill an iberian union . 
  no it 's not . 
  it never was , and hopefully it never will be . 
  and with the european union it does n't have to be while it still exists . 
  if you as a catalan want to make a federal `` iberian union '' just to pretend you are your own country do n't drag portugal into it . 
  oh , i do . 
  russia can fuck off with their imperialistic ambitions over eastern european countries as well . 
  that type of think should 've died with the soviet union . 
  we are the european country with the oldest defined land borders and we are an historical accident ??? 
  by any means we have more legitimacy as an independent country than any other nation in europe . 
  and , no a iberian union is not inevitable , we have around 800 years of history to show that , with periods under spanish domain during which we got fucked hard . 
  the european union makes all of this talk irrelevant anyway , but naive people that prefer to ignore history and the fact that distinguishes us a people that prefers to self rule itself is appaling . 
  yeah , do n't worry . 
  we do n't your money in exchange for our freedom and sovereignty either . 
  and we already had a lot more impact in world history than many other nations . 
  we 've been better on our own since the twelfth century , no worries . 
  tell that to catalans . 
  a `` union '' with a 40 million country with multiple autonomous regions trying to break out is n't a union . 
  it would be them considering portugal as a province and not as equals . 
  i approve this . 
  but probably the galicians would n't . 
  an `` iberian federation '' is just a bullshit excuse for spaniards to control portugal . 
  no thanks . 
  fuck no . 
  keep spains claws out of portugal . 
  and you 've been breaking european rules for a few years for having such a big surplus . 
  he is the most pro-europe candidate and is for further integration . 
  ofcourse this may not mean anything to most french people . 
  considering the enormous number of portuguese and portuguese descendants living in france , that 's an even stronger justification to make a book about them coming to lusitania . 
  they have plenty of books where they visit other provinces . 
  i know , but asterix had books where he went to greece , to hispania , to the uk , to belgium , where they met the vikings . 
  for me , the funniest books were the ones where they would visit other nations and the authors would make jokes and parallels about stereotypes from those countries . 
  when are they going to do an asterix and the lusitanians ?? 
  the new asterix and the picts actually managed to be superior to the last books drawn by uderzo but without goscinny . 
  i was skeptical at first but i really liked it . 
  it should be no new plants starting immediately . 
  and the eu should develop a specific plan ( with financial support ) for poland to replace their coal plants with renewable energy . 
  ** triggered **, 
  burn . 
  germany , france , switzerland , uk , us, 
  to put portugal 10.0 % into context . 
  it was 18 % in january 2013 . 
  yes , it 's what everyone wants of their lives . 
  become a cooker on a market stall probably earning 500 $ per month . 
  / s that 's the stereotype of southern european countries that other countries have and that has nothing to do with the actual realities of our countries . 
  yes , that 's why brexit failed . 
  i know about that . 
  but the political discourse has been shifting to very dangerous positions in most countries . 
  and you have people in the ukip and the conservative partoes that use rethoric that is very similar to fascist rethoric . 
  i am not saying that they have assumed fascist positions in government , so maybe i did n't express my self as articulately as i could . 
  but these threats of military intervention , all the covert racism during the brexit referendum campaign , the hostility from the tabloids against europe , etc , etc.
