  do you truly want that ? 
  / shakes fist we 'll catch up with you someday !, 
  this needs to be sustained over the next 4 or 5 years . 
  exactly . 
  however , the european politicians must start adopting hardline positions against these proto-dictators otherwise they 'll undermine europe . 
  as incredible as it may seem these numbers are still much better than what spd was polling with gabriel . 
  let the campaign start to see how close they get . 
  until then it 's hard to know . 
  left wing . 
  pick one please ... and if the portion of voters that will shift to macron shows anything it is that the hard-core right wing voters of fillon are a minority ( probably more motivated to vote ), 
  even though fillon declared his support for macron a worrying number of his supporters is going to vote for le pen . 
  that 's what happens with years of the republicans drifting more and more to the right ( and closer to fn 's political positions ) . 
  uuuh , yeah . 
  i would n't go to europa if i were you : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38edhpxzn2g :p, 
  quite simple really : i do n't have anything against russian individuals . 
  you can have russian friends and a friend of mine is even married to a russian lady . 
  that does n't stop me from hating what their government has turned into , their imperialistic ambitions , their wilingness to disrupt and attack the normal functioning of democracy in western countries , their willigness to persecute minorities and gays , their lack of free press , their persecution of political opponents , etc. 
  and surprisingly , my friend is like me . 
  he fucking hates what putin has turned into . 
  well , you keep voting for that guy in power . 
  any time i ask a hungarian about that you complain that there are no `` good alternatives '' but any alternative is better than a proto-dictator . 
  the graph shows 2 % deficit ... 
  portugal had 2 % deficit and 130 % debt . 
  why are you pulling numbers out of your ass ? 
  that 's definitely a reason why you barely have far right in portugal . 
  i 'm not sure if you know that some extreme right-wing ideologies preach superiority of race ( race depending on the country ) and are extremely socially conservative and religious , which implies hating on gays since most religions consider homosexuality `` unnatural '' ( they must 've never seen two dogs going at it ) . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is communist correct ( or at least a part of his supporters are ) . 
  one of the tenets of communism is that it is a morally superior system to capitalism since it ensures a better safety net for everyone . 
  that attitude permeates communist supporters a lot , unfortunately . 
  it was only a few years ago that france legalized gay marriage and there were mass protests against it from the right . 
  they may not have campaigned on it because that way , you 'll have some dumb people voting for them that would n't if they were specifically targeted in their hate but they will get to them after a while . 
  75 to 35 would be something similar to the russian elections meme ... xd, 
  older voters probably remember ww2 and had their father constantly reminding them of that and the hard times of reconstruction . 
  higher education is n't mostly free . 
  however , you do n't pay as much as in the us . 
  i think what is stopping people from requalifying is time , lack of saved money to stay away form jobs to improve their qualifications , etc. 
  true that , hehehe . 
  hey , i do n't fucking care if this makes me sound like an idiot to someone like you . 
  you also sound like an idiot to me . 
  have a nice day . 
  the fn copied a lot of the positions from m\u00e9lenchon to hide what they truly are . 
  do n't underestimate the stupidity of individuals . 
  being gay does n't mean that all of them are smart and intelligent . 
  they 're normal people and some will vote for candidates that do n't defend their interests . 
  much like you had many gay people voting for trump for several reasons . 
  they are not my political opponents . 
  i 'm not running to any position so i call them for what they are . 
  if they do n't like it then tough luck . 
  and apparently you gave enough of a shit that you actually replied to me . 
  we are not always salty with spain . 
  :( at least remember ronaldo !, 
  i think europe received the wake up call a while ago . 
  there 's been a lot of apprehension about the dutch and french elections . 
  and the socialists almost disappeared and the traditional right had a dramatic drop . 
  also , macron campaigned on bringing drastic reforms to the european institutions and won . 
  well , if melenchon voters go to le pen they 're not truly left wing voters if they can leave with the racism , homophobia and worse of the le pen base . 
  but i see what you mean . 
  different people have different emotional responses , reasons and priorities to vote for a candidate . 
  m\u00e9lenchon was my second favourite after macron , i prefer macron because he seems to be truly invested in reforming the european union eurozone and showed a coherent program in that regard to force the eu to better answer its citizens needs . 
  considering that the eu was vastly benefitial to the uk , saying that you survived `` far worse '' is the most correct thing you ever said . 
  as for the uk surviving , that remains to be seen . 
  both scotland and northern ireland have very strong reasons to leave and you wo n't prosper economicall , environmentally and socially as much as you would in europe . 
  but i hope you guys do well on your own . 
  you 're still our allies and friends and i wish the uk to prosper on its own . 
  you 'll just become a very different country than what you could be together with europe . 
  but if you do n't consider yourselves european that 's your prerogative . 
  the photo at the time of the match was funnier : http://scd.france24.com/en/files/diaporama_fp/04_-_hollande_reac_0.jpg ( that 's the portuguese president ), 
  just reply to them , saying to stuff a baguette in their butthole . 
  although in league of legends if i had a majority of french in my team i would always tell them not to surrender at 20 minutes . 
  it 's a joke bro ... : / french may be a bit cocky but france is a beacon in europe and the world . 
  well , economically macron is the polar opposite of m\u00e9lenchon but socially they 're very close to one another . 
  glad that you are commited in imploding your own country . 
  tell me how that works out for you in a few years . 
  if the genders were reversed you would find it normal . 
  stop being biased . 
  the same happened to the parents of a friend of mine . 
  you have many places in the us which are a shithole . 
  their life expectancy is also lower than europe and they have a much higher murder rate . 
  we have pretty sweet though . 
  i do n't like to lump everyone in the same category and you have many progressives who are not like that . 
  in fact , the socialist parties in europe can be accused of actually selling out to `` the man '' . 
  but he did n't mention our wine . 
  banning anything is counter productive . 
  it 's simple to just condition their way to operate . 
  for example , ban children indoctrination ( catechism ) . 
  you are on to something there ... 
  it 's simple : compare certain religious sects and ideas hate speech and classify it like nazism . 
  it 's illegal to spread nazi ideology in many european countries . 
  our concept of free speech si different from the us . 
  yes , but you have seem to be very vehemently anti-christianity . 
  mind you , i understand your position ( i 'm an atheist , and currently left-leaning ) . 
  however , something that pisses me off to no end is the position of left-wing politicians and supporters that share with you a hatred towards christianity ( catholicism in portugal , other branches in other countries ) but are complacent and turn a blind eye to barbaric religious practices from other religious practices because otherwise they are attacking the culture of minorities . 
  so they ignore that said religious minorities openly preach that women must be submissive to men , some even promote genital mutilation , living de facto under sharia , etc , etc. 
  just to seem welcoming and open minded to other cultures . 
  where 's the left that was strongly secular , for science and progress ? 
  the left that supported the secular parties in muslim countries , when these were countries that actually decent living standards for their populations ??? 
  & nbsp ; but no , now they support religious lunatics and ignore ( willfully or by lack of knowledge ) the barbaric practices that the religious lunatics in these countries impose on their societies . 
  & nbsp ; at least in europe , catholicism in its ideology is right now one of the least reactionary religions . 
  in the twentieth century they were quite far from being the main evil doers . 
  were they shit until the xix century ?
