  i never said i was making fun of brits . 
  you deserve all the respect of everyone . 
  you took a sovereign decision that i do n't agree with but you are adults . 
  however you still are in the eu and growth is still connected to the eu . 
  as a matter of fact the eu grew more than the eurozone so something is not working well for the countries with the euro currency . 
  then you should try to get other alternatives besides anti-eu parties . 
  boy , you guys have it rough . 
  but with that government i do n't even understand how you still are even in the eu . 
  it 's like your government is atively working to undermine the european values from the inside . 
  it 's not unsustainable because with increasing life expectancy and better living conditions people can and should work untill later . 
  that 's why the retirement age is increasing in several countries . 
  ofcourse it was brexit ... 
  even though you 're still in the eu . 
  give them hell guys !, 
  fight against corruption . 
  i wish portuguese did the same . 
  he does n't want information . 
  he wants validation to his idea that southern europeans are lazy fucks who deserve what they got . 
  i 've had a dutch supervisor when i was working in sweden who told me to my face that portugal is a poor country because people are lazy . 
  the greeks are much less to blame than what you think . 
  when there 's a constitution that limits the amount of change that can be done the only way to make more serious change is by a regime change . 
  if the greek population tried to overthrow a democracy to implment stronger anti-corruptin measures the eu would 've stopped them . 
  why do you have to maintain global hegemony ? 
  that 's why you left the eu !, 
  yes , and the populations of those countries also ca n't do shit about those national governments because the constitutions and the juditial frameworks are defined and they 're limited to picking between parties that wo n't reform corruption laws . 
  and then when shit hits the fan , everyone wants to punish the populations of those countries for something they ca n't control instead of going after the bankers and corrut politicians . 
  did you miss my reply ? 
  you want a united europe ? 
  that includes the southern countries . 
  that includes measures to normalize relations between countries . 
  if you want punitive measures against southern european countries then fuck off . 
  you can slip back to irrelevance . 
  and the mess in portugal and spain is not responsability of those countries solely . 
  i 'm afraid you are correct . 
  but you will suffer a lot economically and by becoming smaller you 'll have to sacrifice your voice in matters of human rights and principles to establish treaties with countries that have sketchy positions in those matters . 
  just see the arms deal with turkey as an example . 
  they can obviously otherwise their government would n't be in this conference . 
  just because you do n't think so it does n't seem that the french government agrees with you . 
  or are you being a contrarian just for the sake of it ? 
  the design of european union and the eurozone are partially to blame yes . 
  and france and germany allowed the entry of greece in the eurozone even with knowledge that they did n't meet all the required criteria at the time of entrance and worked with the greek government of the time to hide that fact . 
  furthermore , after the 2008 , there were clear european directives and pressures from germany to strongly increase public spending and ignore the deficit in case you suffer from selective amnesia . 
  the successive portuguese governments since the entry in the eu have been solely doing what the eu asks of them . 
  they abstained from actually governing with the sovereign interests of portugal in mind , partially because of the belief that we lived in a post-national world and partially for self-serving interests . 
  the increase in the deficit was a european directive . 
  the sky-rocketing debt was a consequence of those decisions ( after relaxing public spending it is much harder and painful to control it ) . 
  and then add to that private sector defaults that the portuguese government assumed to protect investors . 
  namely in private banks . 
  so yeah , who is to blame ? 
  the cleaning lady that worked for the minimum wage her entire life and receives a 300 $ pension and receives a lot of the cuts ? 
  or the factory worker that earned 700 $ ( and i am being generous ) and receives a 400 $ pension ? 
  and if you do n't want the disintegration of europe then yes , something will have to be done about this and you 'll have to swallow that bitter pill . 
  which is also suitable since your country ( and luxembourg ) has established itself as a facilitator for corporations ( including portuguese ) to escape taxes in their home countries . 
  so do n't preach me about rigor and finantial responsability when your country siphons fiscal revenue from fellow european countries . 
  because it was n't just the portuguese and italian governments . 
  we also had to absorb private from the banking sector . 
  the debt of public companies that did n't count as public debt and start to count . 
  it was a lack of supervision of the responsible authorities - including the european authorities . 
  i agree with you . 
  but this should n't be an approach just by merkel but by the european union as a whole . 
  if i had decision making power as merkel or hollande i would approach tunisia , algeria and morocco and propose to them a privileged status with the european union , provide them with billions of euros in funding for enhancement projects for their countries ( similar to the projects for european countries in agriculture , transportation projects , funds to improve education , health and the environment ) and for providing assistance to the refugees as well ( with integration in their societies and not just gettization in refugee camps ) . 
  i know this would be prone to systemic corruption but alternatives with other muslim countries besides turkey must be nurtured otherwise erdogan will keep holding europe in his hands . 
  and by providing these funds in the form of projects would lead the corrupts to have to do something for their population to have access to the money . 
  especially when the portuguese government still needs to inject a few billion euros in caixa geral that will be reflected in the debt ( and not the deficit ) . 
  nor the italian debt is sutainable unfortunately . 
  debt renegotiation is inevitable or the creation of an eurozone debt that absorbs the debt of the eurozone countries with emission of eurobonds . 
  either that or the eurozone and european union will inevitably splinter . 
  but do n't tell that to the normal electorate in germany and netherlands . 
  http://www.dn.pt/portugal/interior/perante-incertezas-costa-defende-ue-mais-forte-e-unida-na-democracia-e-comercio-5634129.html http://www.dn.pt/portugal/interior/cimeira-de-lisboa-apoia-reunificacao-de-chipre-e-pretende-sucesso-de-resgate-na-grecia-5634230.html http://www.dn.pt/portugal/interior/paises-do-sul-apelam-a-envolvimento-de-parceiros-europeus-nos-desafios-da-seguranca-e-migracoes-5634331.html since there 's little information about this in the reuters article and for our fellow european redditors not to become alarmed that this is a conspiracy of lazy southern europeans to get more money i 'll make it clearer what the topics were : 1 - a reiteration of support for the reunification of cyprus . 
  2 - an appeal to reinforce the defense capabilities of the european union in an autonomous way from nato as defined by the nato-eu joint declaration of july 2016 . 
  3 - the need of having a stronger eu united around its values of democracy , the four freedoms and global free trade ( are these guys so autistic that they do n't comprehend that the backlash of the populations is due in large part to these sleazy free trade deals with other far away countries ? ) . 
  4 - a bigger coordination of budgetary policies of the member states and of these with the policies of the european central bank . 
  5 - conclude the banking unino to give more mechanisms to the eu to supervise . 
  6 - give more budgetary capacity to the eurozone . 
  culturally france has a lot more to do with southern europe . 
  latin language , food , literature . 
  also you guys influenced strongly a lot of the culture in portugal at least . 
  they should accept them . 
  but the problem is that turkey will probably force a tide of syrian refugees into europe which may become the breaking point for a lot of eastern countries or completely destroy merkel 's chances for re-election . 
  beautiful !!, 
  if schultz won then schauble would be out . 
  why do you completely need to change the way france works ? 
  you guys have a great social system , you barely produce any polution and have a great army . 
  plus you are one of the biggest economies in the world !, 
  yes , you need some changes in a few things but trust me when i tell you that france is a beacon of progress already . 
  yup , and by your flair be prepared to a lot of drama because of greece in the next few months instead of focusing on the real problems . 
  yes , and in people managing to sing them while shaking those hips . 
  tell me about it . 
  :( that 's why in the last election the extreme left received so many votes in portugal . 
  i voted for passos coelho ( the center right party ) all my life and had to vote in the extreme left because i could n't trust neither psd ( center right ) nor the socialists ( center left ) . 
  fortunately , the left coalition was a pleasant surprise this past year . 
  i just hope they keep doing a decent job . 
  hey , congrats to nuestros hermanos . 
  i know that the salaries are probably still crap and the jobs as well . 
  but when unemployment gets lower and lower the demand for workers will increase and salaries and job offers will improve . 
  when there 's a lot of supply ( workers ) it 's harder to get better jobs because employers can pick between employees . 
  go back to r/the _ donald . 
  well the uk is leaving europe so probably they want to adopt your lovely american system . 
  i do n't know ... german fascists sure made a name for themselves . 
  `` oh well , that 's sadly the cost of being number one '' hahahahaha,
