  sweden needed residential construction actually ... 
  thanks for the thoughtful reply with the historical context . 
  i did n't knew worse quality products were sold previously and assumed that these differences were just the usual ones due to different tastes . 
  for example , in portugal there was an enormous amount of salt added to our bread . 
  so much so that the government had to legislate to decrease the amount since it was having serious health consequences . 
  i thought it could be something like this . 
  i just do n't understand why this is such a big deal in so many central europe and eastern europe countries . 
  is it part of a certain inferiority complex versus western europe ? 
  i mean , it 's not news that many brands adjust the content of their products based on geographical markets ... 
  it has always happened . 
  well , you are from nordic ireland . 
  that 's really sad really . 
  you guys are an awesome country . 
  not all western europe . 
  things in portugal are usually also more expensive . 
  and if you check electronic gadgets or pc components prices ... 
  yes . 
  thank you . 
  the europeans were just stupid enough on not sending troops there to stabilise the situation in lybia to allow for a proper military and government to be formed . 
  come to portugal !, 
  we speak good english !, 
  it 's easier to adapt . 
  considering that china has been investing insanely in battery manufacturing , enforcing mandatory shares of electric cars for automanufacturers , cancelled the building of multiple coal plants and has been building many wind and solar plants they 're actually doing more than what is asked of them . 
   latvia and lithuania have tried that , to temporarily shut down russian channels that deliberatedly have shown propaganda , but it does n't work . 
  it only feeds the not-too-rare notion of baltics being russophobic countries that `` fear the truth '' . 
  what is more , russian media have been proven many times to openly lie , but russians continue to trust them ( at least more than western counterparts , that is ) . 
  besides , internet is accessible to pretty much everyone , so we would have to become a rather restrictive country to start blocking russian internet sites based on the content 's perceived hostility . 
  our media freedom is generally ranked very high , so i 'd rather keep that . 
  we would never win by becoming as bad as russia , but just pro-west , that would push russians away for sure . 
  we may have some influence by being more free , more developed , with more opportunities , with more tolerance etc. 
  that 's a great answer , and you are in the right obviously . 
  this is a damned if you do , damned if you do n't situation but as you mentioned if you become to restrictive you go down a slippery slope where you might became as bad as those you are trying to fight ( being simplistic ) . 
   yes , but you can only imagine the massive whining about evil estonians destroying russian schools , because the unitary system would only be in estonian language . 
  also , even if a unitary system might work for some regions , majority of russians live in concentrated areas away from estonians anyway ( mostly in north-east , tallinn and by lake peipsi ) . 
  you can take a look here . 
  well , for example here in portugal kids learn portuguese and english since elementary school . 
  i do n't see why it could become a problem to make estonian mandatory in all schools , but allow the russian schools to maintain russian language as the mainly taught language . 
  i think these issues became very politically charged so now it 's difficult to make sound decisions without flaring strong emotions . 
  i do n't have any problem with the english language , but you seem to have problems interacting with people . 
  have a nice day . 
  well , i know that this may sound harsh , and probably against eu rules but you guys should be allowed to block access to russian media and russian websites who promote hostile anti-estonian/western propaganda . 
  your russian population can be weaponized . 
  as for making russian an official language that really also is a delicate issue . 
  i mean , i ca n't even relate to that from my country . 
  i would probably just make it a foreign language offered since 3rd grade or something . 
  but then 25 % of the population are ethnic russians . 
  do they deserve their language to be recognized ? 
  but i think it 's a very serious problem that you have segregation in your schools and that should be prevented . 
  why ca n't these a-holes just leave afhganistan in peace ? 
  kalashnikovs are technology of the east comrade . 
  edit . 
  since you also made an edit , learn how to handle jokes dude . 
  now build batteries for energy storage !, 
  what 's the percentage of russian-ethnic estonians in the overall population ? 
  is your government trying to do something to enable them so that they do n't become hostile to estonia ? 
  with the increased beligerence of russia , i 'm sure that 's a very thorny issue . 
  northern europe has snus . 
  it should be allowed in the rest of europe . 
  i really hope that every european company avoids investing in turkey as much as possible until this moronic dictator is overthrown . 
  where is he being bigoted ? 
  did he edit his comment ? 
  europe needs a lot more of these projects and also energy storage projects coupled with renewables . 
  if we achieved that , europe would be so much closer to being energy independent . 
  unfortunately i think your country will do everything to block any serious action from the eu . 
  i believe he knows it . 
  but if the poles really must fight for their democracy right now . 
  otherwise , your country will go in the same direction as turkey and russia . 
  most erdogan supporters barely know what books are ... 
  you already have many liberals admiting that ... 
  the problem is that when they admit that , the pis-like parties will just propose even more outrageous measures and try to smear things down even further . 
  and does iran need containment ? 
  to me they seem to be a much more reliable partner to european interests than saudi arabia . 
  if the us and the uk do n't get along with them , that 's their own freaking problem . 
  france , germany and other euro countries have solid business relationships with iran . 
  i think this is a good first step from italy . 
  currently human traffickers are abusing the willingness of these ngos to save people from sea to dump even more people in european shores . 
  these ngos are worsening the problem tey 're trying to fight at best , or working in collusion with human traffickers at worst . 
  this point is especially egregious to me :  among the proposed new rules will be a ban on making phone calls or firing flares that might signal to human traffickers that they could push their migrant boats out to sea . 
  so these ngos have the phone numbers of human traffickers and call them to know when they can push migrants to sea ???? 
  is n't that , you know ... human trafficking ? 
  they can drag that long enough in court maybe . 
  and supposedly italy is n't even the closest port to some of these vessels . 
  that 's more normal . 
  it depends on the positioning that the company has defined for each market . 
  while in sweden , ikea is a low cost furniture store for college students , in poland , where it is new and trendy , they 'll want to position it as a more upmarket furniture brand . 
  therefore , they price their furniture higher . 
  it 's the same with clothing . 
  levis strauss in the us is dirt cheap . 
  you can buy jeans for 20-40 $ . 
  in portugal , the same models can cost 100 $ . 
  conversely , zara is obscenely expensive in the us and in portugal it is quite cheap . 
  definitely this should be combated . 
  this is preposterous and these unscrupulous companies should be fined for doing this . 
  the saudi family is alreayd crazy enough as it is . 
  good . 
  however , i think the erdoganites are using this as a way to rile up their supporter and have something to unite them . 
  that 's why we have such a low fertility rate !, 
  and why i 'm part 30 with no girlfriend . 
  i do n't know much about mussolini , but in portugal you can quite accurately say this is true because the first republic in portugal led to many social regressions ( women lost the right to vote in the first republic ) , multiple coup d'etats and social instability , murder of politicians , bankruptcy of public finances , etc , etc. 
  but yeah , there 's a bunch of lunatics here trying to paint him on an excessively positive light .
