  there 's a certain number of people that use those tactics and sympathize with positions and strategies that very similar . 
  and many of those are in the conservative party . 
  if you prefer to ignore it , you 're more than welcome . 
  the problem is when those so called cunts are a former leader of the party in power , the foreign minister and the defense minister of the uk . 
  you may not have noticed but your leaders are drifting dangerously to fascist-like behaviours . 
  portuguese that fled the dictatorship and colonial war in 60s and 70s . 
  mostly unskilled workers . 
  & nbsp ; and then from the 00s and 10s , my generation that fled the economic stagnation/crisis . 
  mostly highly skilled workers . 
  counting the descendants from the 60s and 70s generation , there 's 5 million portuguese and portuguese descendant people living abroad . 
  considering that portugal 's population is 10 million that 's a lot of people . 
  viva o \u00c9der !!, 
  well , you guys did n't evne light up the eiffel tower with portugal colors after you lost . 
  so you were n't also good losers . 
  yes . 
  he says whatever people are in the mood to listen . 
  if he treated me like that , i would drag him to drink a beer with me . 
  well , the wy things are going you 'll eventually sell them to a bunch of chinese and middle eastern billionaires . 
  he is not `` my leader '' . 
  i voted for passos coelho first government because i believed in the bullshit he said when he was first elected and i never voted for the socialists in my life . 
  so do n't go around making assumptions about people you do n't know . 
  and it 's obvious that spending in social protection in a country where unemployment was/still is very high and with an aging population is going to be high . 
  should it be cut ? 
  imo , no . 
  simply because what you classify as high actually means that the funds are small for most people . 
  the public wages are not absurdly high . 
  in fact they ca n't even compete with the private sector in terms of value and you have caps limiting public sector salaries to wages below that of the president . 
  they do have other perks that private sector workers do not ( adse , 35 hours work week ) . 
  and i do n't mind paying for it . 
  i 'm a social democrat who believes in the social state . 
  i believe in giving back to the state so that it provides a solid safety net for all citizens that will help the overall society to be better . 
  obviously this is not the current position of psd in portugal . 
  as for public transports , just keep moving the goalposts . 
  i mentioned you cases of investment being applied in it . 
  there 's other things being done including in that example you mention . 
  which is much better than selling public transportation companies to mexican companies is n't it ? 
  or do you prefer to ignore that ? 
  and yes , the honest working class person ( including * gasp * public workers ) is squashed by taxes . 
  those taxes do n't go to pay all the public spending . 
  they go mostly to pay the debt interest ( you pay as much yearly in interest as you spend in the nhs ) and because of all the money that had to be injected into private banks because of less than honest private sector `` business men '' . 
  all private banks in portugal sank , and the state had to intervene . 
  those billions went into the public debt unfortunately . 
  and you want to know what made the rest of the public debt increase in the past few years ? 
  the debt of cp and the subway companies which started to be considered as public debt in 2011 if i 'm not mistaken when it was n't before . 
  you know how that debt showed up there ? 
  investment in public transportation . 
  they were defunding the nhs and putting the focus on ppps . 
  that even seems like a terrible example of turkish people . 
  in my workplace ( research institute ) my best friend is from turkey and he is the complete opposite of that . 
  as well , as a bunch of other turks i know . 
  there was a girl that was like that as well though . 
  she would only say bad things about portugal even to our face when we were actively trying to be nice to her . 
  but she failed to adapt to living abroad and went back to turkey eventually . 
  i think that it 's cultural shock of adapting to a foreign country then they say bad stuff about the country to everyone . 
  just ignore them and move on !, 
  you 'll meet people that will act in the complete opposite way . 
  they 're modernizing government procedures . 
  that 's the simplex program . 
  as for hospitals and the health system , the previous government would 've done even worse . 
  if you think that 's where public investment goes you are very naive . 
  and public transportation is modernized and with this government at least you still have public transportation since the previous government was going to privatize it ( need i remember you of that ? ), 
  and there 's planned and announced investments to expand the subway in lisbon and porto and to modernize the national railway lines . 
  it seems to me that you are ignorant that certain things take their time to get going on the ground . 
  and raising pensions and public wages was necessary after a decade of cuts . 
  it 's bullshit for you who are not dependent on these small wages and pensions for an enormous amount of time . 
  so yeah , bullshit is your argument . 
  they are elected to do things in 4 years . 
  not to do everything in 1 year . 
  learn how to be patient . 
  we have curtailed our finances . 
  the issue is not the finances . 
  and maybe if your country want a girl haven tax collection in portugal would be bigger . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  they had limited amounts of money and made their options . 
  why should they have spent on investment instead of reverting the temporary cuts on wages and pensions ? 
  well , hopefully by then the eurozone will have adequate tools to protect its member states from speculation instead of certain someones thinking that southern countries just waste money on women and liquor . 
  if there 's another crisis , with the way things are set up right now the eurozone will crumble because not only portugal but greece , italy , spain , belgium and even france would be at risk . 
  they cut deeply in public investment . 
  that will take a long time to go down . 
  and having to put funds in cgd will only increase it further this year . 
  unfortunately portuguese girls are not like slavic girls . 
  you should write erotic novels . 
  i got a hard on for airplanes reading this . 
  imagine if you wrote erotic novels . 
  since yours did n't seem serious i replied in the same line . 
  it 's satirical but you can tell a few truths with jokes . 
  agreed . 
  but if they want to apply for entrance after i do n't see a problem either . 
  although they 'll never get the special treatment they had before . 
  you really need to travel more to learn about not using hyperboles . 
  sweden is a lot better than almost any other european country . 
  do n't worry , the other european countries sent you more because you 're a fiscal haven . 
  actually for ongoing issues i do n't see the problem in repeating referendums . 
  because people change opinions with time . 
  of a county had a referendum where they refused gay marriage 15 years ago why not hold another referendum today when a lot of old people passed away and younger people with different beliefs make up a bigger prob of the population ? 
  however in this case i do n't think a me referendum should be done . 
  after exiting do a referendum to see if the majority of the population wants to rejoin . 
  because by then it 's very likely that the uk will be composed solely of england and wales, 
  send us liquor and women to keep us warm plox . 
  the problem with portugal 's previous government was that they just wanted to privatize everything to the hands of their supporters .
