  people get very emotional when discussing his rule . 
  so it 's hard to admit that he also did things right . 
  he was a dictator , but he was no leopold from belgium , no hitler or mussolini . 
  oh for sure . 
  but there 's degrees of badness . 
  he was authoritarian and resorted to torture . 
  but compared to other examples in the subreddit it helps put things in perspective . 
  i thank you for providing interesting snipets of history , but saying that what i 'm saying is `` obviously bullshit '' is uncalled for . 
  you could 've just pointed out where me saying that the estado novo regime did not allow other political parties was innacurate without saying my statement is `` bullshit '' . 
  you could learn a thing or two about how to talk to people . 
  and you actually just proved my point . 
  uni\u00e3o nacional was the only accepted party in estado novo . 
  although you have more liberal members in the party in the national assembly in the sixties , you had no other parties . 
  which is exactly what i said . 
  when you ca n't pick between different alternatives you do n't have a democracy . 
  there 's more to a democracy than just voting . 
  and no , political persecution was not just `` propaganda '' . 
  you can admit the guy had a few positives but he had plenty of negatives . 
  or do yu just see things in black and white ? 
  hahaha . 
  the colonies were much more lax than the main country dude . 
  they could even go to south africa and buy books and records that were banned in portugal and no one would give a fuck . 
  pide did n't have nearly the same clout in the colonies as it had in continental portugal . 
  i read a book with the private diary/correspondence of salazar . 
  he was actually scared of franco . 
  he was afraid that franco would want to invade portugal with world war 2 before this treaty was signed . 
  he also strongly disliked hitler and mussolini for being too flamboyant . 
  salazar died poor , and did n't swindle any money to swiss bank accounts . 
  he really `` gave his all '' . 
  the problem was that his world-views were very outdated and he did not change them with time . 
  he had a xixth century mentality . 
  they persecuted anyone with dissenting political opinions . 
  do n't fool yourself . 
  my uncle was n't a `` communist agent '' ( he was an anarchist ) and had to flee to angola to avoid being arrested by pide . 
  salazar is a very nuanced and complicated character in portuguese history . 
  his regime persecuted political opponents , that much is true , but it also instituted order and stability in portugal . 
  something which was lacking since the end of the monarchy . 
  he actually managed to save the finances of the country , instituted political stability and kept portugal out of world war 2 . 
  also , he did not reinstate the death penalty during his regime . 
  so he had some positive measures as a ruler , at least initially . 
  although pide ( the secret police ) persecuted political opponents and you had some really squalid prisons where political opponents were sent to , they were not murdered . 
  heck , the leader of the portuguese comunist party was in one of such prisons they could 've just killed the guy . 
  so although many people believe he was the devil incarnate , the fact is that he was not such a clear cut case of being a scumbag as many left-leaning portuguese assume . 
  and i say this having an uncle who had to flee to the colonies to run away from pide in the sixties . 
  he simply outlasted his usefulness as a leader . 
  he did not allow renovation of the regime nor adaptation to the changing world . 
  he wanted to keep portugal stagnant because he was extremely conservative . 
  if he had taken the initiative of changing the political message in portugal and adapted to the changes post-world war 2 instead of trying to fight against it , things would 've been quite different . 
  sham elections does n't mean you had a democracy . 
  salazar actively crushed other political parties because he did n't believe in a multi-partisan republic ( due to the issues of the first republic ) . 
  it 's controversial . 
  you can clearly divide two periods in salazar 's rule . 
  in the first period he was a good ruler , in the second period he was terrible . 
  post-world war 2 he was terrible . 
  pre-world war 2 he was good . 
  compared with all the other scumbags of europe , salazar was quite tame . 
  we really are a lot less extreme here in portugal . 
  i think that if salazar had abandoned politics after world war 2 or at most by the mid-50s , he would be venerated in portugal as a saviour . 
  however , he perpetuated himself in power for so long that eventually the regime fell in the same vices that he sought to crush in the beginning , started to resort to too many repressive measures and then the revolution was inevitable . 
  could you point me to outrage and mockery ? 
  the noly few articles i 've read about this are quite matter of fact pointing out that the current polish government and trump are ideologically very close . 
  and i find it really funny that people also constantly forget spain . 
  polan stronk . 
  i wonder if they 're also outraged by the koch brothers outpouring of money supporting conservative candidates , or murdoch controlling a vast media empire and pushing strong conservative propaganda in many countries . 
  still no hentai . 
  i 'm disappointed . 
  this is insane . 
  someone should start investigating some of these ngos because something is starting to smell rotten . 
  a pity they are so endangered that extinction is very likely . 
  and due to the extremely low populational numbers , even if the numbers recover the genetic variability of the population will be extremely low so they 'll be highly susceptible to any disease or threat that might crop up . 
  you have plenty of muslim extremists in your country because since you strongly interfered/colonized in regions with big muslim populations , those muslim populations emigrate to the uk . 
  the segond and third generatino kids of those communities then do n't feel british and are targets for radicalization . 
  especially when there 's plenty of support for extremist ideologies from the country where their fathers or grandparents are from ( pakistan , middle east ) and there 's plenty of finantial support from the sunni allies of the us/uk towards mosques that preach the hateful branch of islam . 
  we did our fair share of bad things in our colonies , albeit much less atrocities than any other colonizing power of europe . 
  is it `` good '' to be the least bad ? 
  i do n't think so , but we do n't suffer so many problems like the uk and france have recently been suffering which are being caused by nationals who are descendants from those places where the uk and france messed up . 
  our immigrant communities from our former colonies are fairly well established and integrated . 
  there are some issues but not to the extent of your countries and that 's also due to the fact that we barely interfered with muslim countries ( or did so , so long ago that other european countries took our place and actually did much worse afterwards ) . 
  so we barely have immigrants from muslim countries and they are not radicalized . 
  there 's one mosque in lisbon . 
  and it preaches a moderate islam , they 're integrated in our society and not radicalized because they originate from mozambique and their leader is a very moderate , rational and down to earth man . 
  you missed the point of my comment . 
  there were muslims in india , and you have plenty of muslim pakistanese ( ethnically they 're similar ) in the uk because of the colonialism . 
  i am specifically mentioning india/pakistan because the muslims were spread out around india before the countries were partitioned acrosse religious reasons . 
  maybe they should n't have colonized india and pakistan and messed up the middle east . 
  and maybe you guys should stop supporting theocratic sunni dictatorships that hate the west and use oil funds to sponsor terror in the west . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  it was made worse because of the cold war between the soviet union and the us with both super-powers interfering in former colonies and exacerbating political conflicts into civil wars . 
  wow , that was a master stroke by schulz . 
  it remains to be seen if what merkel did was intentional or not . 
  it probably emptied what would be a big discussion point for spd in the elections though . 
  never heard about her untill today . 
  it 's impressive how so much of what europe is today owes to strong-willed people like her that are barely known by the general european population . 
  you mean that being arbitrarily detained for 7 hours is not shocking ? 
   aside from the detention that 's a pretty big aside . 
   and that russia is not some cuddly misunderstood friend who is picked on by the elites . 
  a lot of people in western countries think this is the case . 
  and i know many that think like this in portugal . 
  you 're not supposed to get nothing from it except learning that sometimes your country can do horrible things and people need to pay attention to not repeat those mistakes because it leads to unimaginable pain and suffering . 
  it 's the same reason why in the western countries you also have a lot of guilt over the colonial empires of spain , portugal , france , uk , belgium , the netherlands ... we do n't get anything from that except that we avoid becoming monsters again , and that is everything that we need to get from it .
