  and they were grossly incompetent as all the scandals with banks that came out during costa government has shown . 
  i think the current situation is the best because the socialists ca n't also do things solely for their benefit since the left wing parties are watching . 
  found djisselbloem reddit account !, 
  if the dutch did n't allow for certain fiscal maneuvers a lot of portuguese companies would pay their taxes in portugal increasing tax collection and contributing to decrease the portuguese deficit and public debt . 
  can confirm . 
  i 'm drowning in pussy and booze . 
  but talking seriously djisselbloem just showed to every european his prejudice against southern europe . 
  fuck him . 
  and bye bye , now that his sold out party has suffered the consequences from rolling over to the conservatives . 
  the swedes will also fight to the last finn . 
  because we never had the population to control larger parts . 
  ca n't wait for the turkish to be done so that this idiot shuts his mouth again . 
  i wished people stopped calling southern europeans bloody lazy . 
  before they got the euro their economy was growing . 
  so take a guess at which it is . 
  i think you 're projecting your interpretation of his words and not what he actually meant . 
  it is . 
  referendums quite simply are interpreted by populations as a way to enable in protest voting against a government instead of actually considering what is being proposed . 
  for referendums to be effective they should never occur separated from an election . 
  otherwise people will use to vent their insatisfaction ( as what happens with european elections ) . 
  i wish i could vote for macron . 
  right now they 're bound by an international treaty to limit whaling . 
  well , now he can continue to pretend that this is all a conspiracy just to get him instead of withdrawing like he said he would . 
  is that a solid reason to drive species to extinction ? 
  are you seriously arguing with me that it 's good to hunt and kill whales ? 
  or are you just bored on the internet and want to banter a bit ? 
  or maybe you are that moronic . 
  if comercial whaling is not banned , you 'll easily have a booming of the whaling industry because apparently some people are so stupid that they ca n't consider that they 're hunting species to extinction . 
  if you fail to grasp that leading other species to extinction is bad then i do n't know what else to tell you . 
  you kill based on the impact it has to the ecosystems . 
  whales are crucial for marine ecosystems so you should n't kill them . 
  as for intelligence , what should be done is that any animal should be treated and killed in the most humane way possible ( live in the best conditions possible , killed with methods that cause the least suffering ) . 
  murdering whales does n't serve any purpose because norwegians have plenty of food sources . 
  much like in portugal or spain bullfighting should be outlawed because the animal suffers enormously , norway should outlaw whale hunting . 
  this is not a general ban though . 
  thanks , that makes sense . 
  well , at least natural gas is the least bad of the fossil fuels in terms of co2 emissions . 
  i think the best way is with a carrot ( education and integration as you say ) but also with a stick ( laws banning certain practices that affect other people ) . 
  do you have any statistics to validate your claim against his ? 
  otherwise you are just providing your anecdotal evidence against his . 
   we can legislate and rule against gender discrimination . 
  we can outlaw groups who oppose the laizistic and democratic way our countries are organized . 
  we ca n't outlaw religion . 
  and herein lies the big conundrum . 
  many religions , and religious branches and subranches openly advocate for gender discrimination and actively encourage that discrimination because it conforms to their interpretations of holy texts . 
  we ca n't outlaw religion but we must impose rules and laws that prevent those religious branches of coercing people ( through social censure of their peers ) into being submissive . 
  i do n't understand why one of the most developed countries in the world , with a mostly progressive population feels that it 's ok to murder some of the most intelligent and complex mammals in the world when there 's no reasonable argument for that ( is there hunger among norwegians that requires whale hunting ? 
  any product that you can only find on them ? 
  whales play a highly important role in the oceanic ecosystems . 
  domesticated cows do n't play a role in any ecosystem . 
  to me as a portuguese it 's really weird to see such a rich country as netherlands producing barely any energy from renewable energy sources . 
  https://twitter.com/eu_eurostat/status/841589735302733824/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw why is that ? ... 
  you guys should be able to achieve so much more . 
  you have the funds to do it and renewables now are cheaper than coal and in some cases even natural gas . 
  if someone wants to tell me how to live my life , or worse create an intimidating and coercive atmosphere then yes i want to dictate that people are prohibited to do that . 
  if you do n't understand that by prohibiting the use of religious clothing and religious teachings that preach that a woman is lesser than a man and should be `` modest '' and `` submissive '' you are protecting individual freedoms , then that 's your problem . 
  you are incapable of seeing things beyond black and white . 
  i 'm part of the group that wants to implement measures that restrict the capacity of religions to dictate how people should behave and dress in public and their capacity to dictate how people should behave . 
  if the state does n't do that , then religions will undermine individual freedoms . 
  if you do n't see the difference between my position and those religious groups then too bad . 
  unfortunately , to prevent religions from doing this you have to prohibit certain behaviours and religious dresses and codes in public . 
  is it ideal ? 
  no , but it 's what we 've come to . 
  living in a country where people are free is incompatible with living in a country where you allow certain social groups ( ex . 
  religions ) to coerce and dictate how people should live their lives . 
  to protect personal freedoms in the public space you must prohibit any type of organization to dictate how people should behave and dress in public and provide all the protection necessary for people . 
  if you weaken the power that a certain religion ( and religious figures , social pressure from religious family members , peers , etc ) has to dictate how people should dress and behave then you are protecting everyone ( even if some certain religious people do n't understand that ) . 
  you can debate with me all you want about `` freedom '' but for me allowing religions to tell how people should live their lives is definitely not a freedom i want to see protected because that will give strength to certain religions to attack the personal freedoms of real people . 
  so they 're hypocrites like any politician that says they want a `` smaller government '' while sustaining themselves from the state . 
  they can continue to practice their religion in the private sphere without shoving their beliefs in the society at large . 
  you know , like it should be in any secular country . 
  too bad . 
  it 's a pity that their community wo n't be able to socially pressure them into using a religious symbol everywhere they go . 
  hey , i 'm an atheist so i 'm not exactly invested in defending them vigorously . 
  i agree with you , they * were * uniquely powerful and commited many atrocities . 
  most of those atrocities however , occurred before the concept ( or even the declaration ) of universal human rights was created . 
  if you want to guilt them for that , you also have to guilt and hate the vast majority of european countries that also colluded with the catholic church to commit those atrocities and/or commited atrocities of their own and hid it under the guise of religion . 
  and in the twentieth century and twenty-first century it 's easy to say that they have n't been the most nefarious religious organization . 
  while they had some awful shit done by many of their members compare that to islamic countries where sharia is implemented and go see the human rights violations in those countries . 
  one thing that bothers me immensely is left-wing people that hate on the catholic church but turn of their critical reasoning when time comes to hate on sharia-implementing countries that crush women and children 's rights , stone people for adultery among other things and yet no one says anything . 
  the donation was n't directly to his campaign but to something else . 
  and it 's been so long that i ca n't even recall the details anymore . 
  hey , it 's better than all the religious nuts that are constantly trying to tell other people how to live their lives because they ca n't accept other people decisions because it clashes with their religion ( example : abortion , gay marriage ) . 
  however , the catholics are not the worst in this regard , various strands of protestantism ( evangelicals ) or orthodox are much worse nowadays . 
  and muslims are even worse in that regard nowadays , much because the catholic church learnt their lesson along history about interfering with the secular rule of law . 
  you can say that about many religious institutions , not just the catholics . 
  and compared to some muslim strands they are choir boys . 
  the greek must be super-excited to be qualified as south germans ... 
  i lived in the us during the 2008 election and donated 10 $ to obama 's campaign . 
  i influenced that election . 
  it was all because of me , even trump since his electino was a reaction to obama 's election from wasps . 
  you can put the blame on me . 
  it 's ok . 
  for sure . 
  it was just one incidental case . 
  but the rethoric and hostility of your government towards refugees from war zones is unsettling nevertheless . 
  and it leads to sad situations like it happened to that portuguese kid . 
  there was a portuguese erasmus student that was attacked in rzeszow by a 38 year old polish military . 
  the spokesperson for the military said that it was because portuguese are more `` darker skinned '' , the guy mistook him by a muslim . 
  http://www.dn.pt/sociedade/interior/estudante-portugues-vitima-de-ataque-racista-na-polonia-5143833.html so , i 'm sorry but i do n't believe you .
