  southern european people look very middle eastern ( i know it because when i lived in sweden every iranian would try to hit a conversation with me in their language before i told them i was portuguese ) . 
  when is your next election ? 
  his mandate is only 2.5 years long . 
  when you start receiving brown-skinned immigrants you can . 
  also , most portuguese houses are poorly insulated so even with not so drastic low temperatures as in most countries we actually suffer more from the cold than people in colder countries . 
  well , it depends on what punishment china reserves to the ones who infringe the law . 
  if it was death penalty i bet that many people would think twice . 
  borders are pointless inside the eu . 
  go educate yourself about that . 
  the principle of the eu is to abolish borders between european countries . 
  and control external borders . 
  why do you think that borders are beneficial ? 
  when le pen good to russia to grovel to the russians and to the trump tower to grovel to trump it 's quite logical to see that she 's `` on their dick `` by your own words . 
  and although junker may be corrupt he defends the european people while putin and trump just want to rip apart the eu and divide us because divided we are weak and irrelevant . 
  if you think that france will become big outside the eu think again . 
  praises the american and accuses the eu of being submissive to the us . 
  i do n't know how so many french `` nationalists '' support someone that gets on her knees for trump and putin . 
  where 's the french pride ? 
  compared with hungary , yes . 
  * europe intensifies *, 
  yes !, 
  and more expensive . 
  let them fight while we sip on our superior wine . 
  oooh boy . 
  so many misconceptions i do n't even know where to start . 
  keep your sickness to yourself . 
  we do n't just `` want `` money from germany or france . 
  and our `` free '' nhs predates the entrance in the eu . 
  and in case you have n't read about it we have one of the highest tax rates in europe . 
  do we have corrupt rulers that screwed us over ? 
  yes . 
  do we have crooked bankers that screwed us over ? 
  yes . 
  that 's why our public debt is so high . 
  the overwhelming majority of the population is hard working and honest . 
  go check how portuguese are perceived in countries with big portuguese communities . 
  considering that in 2016 portugal surpassed all expectations , got the lowest deficit it ever had during democracy , and grew more than projected by the government and every international institution i would say that it worked quite well yes . 
  it 's probably better than what they have in spain still . 
  i * hope * it is like this . 
  2016 taught me not to * expect * anything . 
  well , simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 is dead , so they had to put another finnish at the top . 
  yes . 
  and then you cross the border to spain , ask for a coffee and become traumatized for life . 
  come to portugal then . 
  wallonia . 
  what 's your place in the queue for the bidet ? 
  i 'm 5679895 . 
  i got ta go to work and it 's taking forever . 
  they get pata negra pigs from portugal though . 
  there are reasons for these numbers in france that is accurate . 
  and the left still has n't found a way to adress those concerns because those pertain to the piss poor integration of former french colonies communities in france with increasing segregation leading to radicalization . 
  this leads to many french feeling unsettled in their own country because there 's a percentage of the population in france that resents the country ( look at what france did in algeria during de-colonization ) . 
  it 's a complex issue and the left needs to stop adopting a position of permissiveness towards radical ideologies under the guise of religion that are specifically targeting those left out immigrant communities by becoming ardent defenders of secularism . 
  at least i would like to think so . 
  but the problem is prrobably much more complex than this . 
  we managed to do it here in portugal . 
  the communists can ( and do ) keep protesting but when their vote is necessary for the government not to fall they vote in favour of measures . 
  they also tone down their `` protests '' if the right wing is strongly attacking the government . 
  a bit like the portuguese communist party . 
  it 's classical double speak . 
  he should be . 
  after all they were founded by the orange dinasty and he 's orange as well . 
  if he was portuguese i would vote for him just for that . 
  imagine having the same expenses as you have in germany but with a salary of 400 $ . 
  or in portugal 's case with a 750 $ salary . 
  western europe perhaps . 
  the eastern european right wing parties are even more to the right of the tories . 
  i think it 's funny that so many countries select localized threats as a threat to world peace . 
  it seems that most people are incapable of thinking beyond their borders . 
  you just wait for us to unleash our mighty caravels in the atlantic ocean again . 
  great news , but unfortunately there 's very few plans for beyond 2020 . 
  the eu is practically paralised due to the next elections and the hostility of certain countries to european decision making . 
  there 's so much potential in the eastern countries to expand renewable energy sources . 
  if only the polish government would focus on that ... 
  portugal has a primary surplus . 
  actually but this includes interest payments . 
  when you guys stop crushing them and your finance minister trying to kick them out of the eurozone they might get to know another country . 
  never . 
  there 's no point in occupying turkey . 
  europe needs to find a way to bring erdogan back to a democratic behaviour . 
  want to know why there 's so many poor immigrants in france ? 
  because they were a freaking colonial power and there 's cultural affinity between france and its former colonies . 
  the population of those ( now ) shithole countries thus emmigrate to france . 
  the same for the uk , with emmigration from commonwealth countries like pakistan . 
  maybe if the eu established programs to help develop economically countries that share borders with europe ( northern africa , close middle east like lebanon , syria , etc ) in exchange for better border control in those countries . 
  `` it seems to me that those values usually mean wild unrestricted immigration from the world to europe and upholding the status quo , nothing more . '', 
  - this is bullshit . 
  there is no wild unrestricted immigration from the world to europe . 
  there is free circulation of europeans around europe and right now there 's refugees from countries close to europe that are seeking shelter from murderers . 
  [ google it ], 
  and they have high growth rate but it 's also because they have a enormous budget deficit . 
  they did n't control it so the economy grew . 
  not portugal . 
  our english is quite decent . 
  no , you are nordic . 
  portugal grew more than expected . 
  this is getting really scary . 
  i hope french people fight against this , because if macron is caught in a scandal or the russians manage to smear him , the road is paved for le pen 's victory . 
  immigration from muslims is not a that by itself . 
  the threat is that most western governments get cozy with religious fundamentalists that find the radicalization of muslim youth .
