  hey , at least your elections are getting some spotlight . 
  cholera is sounding really enticing then . 
  i 've been asking that question since 2008 . 
  yes please . 
  at least you have autobahns without speed limits ... 
  the german authorities need to look into this . 
  it 's time to crackdown on these `` muslims '' that issue death threats and also to crackdown on foreign agents funding these lunatics . 
  appropriate user name . 
  so they 're training us fighter pilota to fight against european fighters ? 
  interesting ... 
  if the kant was tough they would refer to the `` cunt '' with respect and fear instead of cheeky jokes . 
  i think it would be kind of awesome and somewhat ironic to name tanks after european philosophers . 
  `` oh the kant is a mean bastard . 
  he has great plating and although his main gun has a yy caliber , it has great mobility '' . 
  the nietzche is the fucking best . 
  he obliterates anything that comes before it into nothingness . '', 
  aaaw , now i want a mini-woolly mamoth . 
  when i saw tsunami in the title my first thought was `` oh shit '' . 
  then i saw 4.0 earthquake and 4 dead and felt relief because i was expecting a much bigger tragedy . 
  my condolences to the dead . 
  that 's not anti - british . 
  just anti - english . 
  british tourists really do know how to act like perfectly obnoxious assholes when they put their minds to it . 
  you fail to understand that the purpose of freedom of movement is not to just have specialists easily moving from one country to another . 
  i do n't know if this your british perspective but the eu is more than just a free trade agreement but a supranational organization . 
  i went hiking to ger\u00eas today in the afternoon . 
  and we passed by a madman cyclist at 1pm with 38 degrees of temperature . 
  i do n't know ... chaplin made those mustaches very compelling . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  all western countries selling arms to the saudis and their cronies are funding terrorism and terrorist ideologies . 
  the sarcasm is strong with my countryman . 
  but the typical eu bureaucrats ignore these important issues . 
  vote for me in the european parliament and i 'll promise to fight for japan in eurovision !, 
   sorry but this is n't a team sport where i agree with every extreme shit my `` team '' members say . 
  so much this . 
  so many people now treat politics like a team sport : if someone shittalks their team , they rush to defend it and completely turn a blind eye to the outrageous things said by some people from their team . 
  then we invite south korea . 
  and we have a fight between j-pop and k-pop . 
  we first need to negotiate in this trade deal to get japan in the eurovision contest . 
  i want to see j-pop in eurovision . 
  exactly this . 
  i do n't know how things have gotten to the point where the political discourse became so poisoned that the objective is just to offend the opponent instead of actually developing one 's own solutions to govern better . 
  or when it became a trend to see the political opponent as an enemy instead of a compatriot with different views . 
  if i 'm not mistaken he had the second longest rule of portugal as an independent nation since the 12th century . 
  i ca n't find a source right now to corroborate this , though . 
  he stayed far too long in power . 
  but the regime he established was n't just him . 
  when he left , his successor marcelo caetano , tried to reform the regime but the hardliners ( including the president at the time ) sabotaged the reforms that marcelo caetano tried to do to modernize and open up portugal . 
  the regime at the time did n't see itself as european , but as an atlantic catholic empire . 
  the same as in portugal then . 
  he 's viewed as a dictator that lead to the stagnation of portugal and to dragging us into the colonial wars . 
  however , the portuguese estado novo did n't commit nearly as many atrocities as those commited by other fascist regimes . 
  in fact , if you read his private correspondence he severely disliked hitler , mussolini and franco because they were too `` flashy '' . 
  he did n't see himself as a fascist and admired england and did everything he could to maintain the alliance with the uk without having to get into ww2 . 
  it 's still a bit early to accurately assess him and his rule because you still have plenty of people left alive that suffered under the previous regime . 
  in the history books at least they give him some merit for managing to stabilize portuguese finances when he became the finance minister and then the prime minister and for keeping us out of world war 2 . 
  but he sure did screw portugal afterwards . 
  he was a very complex character . 
  it 's at this moment that i 'm quite happy that the portuguese society has been mostly immune to these extreme right-wing types . 
  hey , you also produce fiats for europe and the tipo is selling moderately well . 
  and schwifty arabia for taking down their pants and shitting on the floor . 
  the conservatives are screwed either way . 
  those damn leprechauns steal jobs after all . 
  and i hear they believe the earth is actually millions of years old . 
  tzeentch would be proud . 
  i really hate the guy , but i have to hand it to him : he knows how to troll . 
  the exact problem is the different `` thematics '' . 
  you are comparing apples with oranges . 
  one is supposed to be a news media , and they have more responsabilities ( and at least in portugal , journalists have an ethical conduct they should adhere to ) than a humouristic magazine . 
  so you do n't seem to understand the difference in social responsability between the media and comedy magazines . 
  next you 're going to tell me that you disagree with the onion and that they should be more accurate when they 're doing parody pieces . 
  if that does n't happen , tell him . 
  the horror of actually having to interact with a person . 
  considering that trump is n't running for elections in germany , there 's a big difference between that and insulting one of the candidates in the election of one 's own country . 
  & nbsp ; charlie hedbo is satirical , and has always been satirical . 
  not a newspaper whose stated purpose is to report news . 
  you ca n't also see a difference there ? 
  they live on making outrageous jokes but no one buys charlie hebdo to read the news because that is not their purpose . 
  & nbsp ; it 's not in vogue to hate british press because of brexit or not hat charlie hedbo because they suffered a terrorist strike . 
  you have plenty of problems with british ** tabloids ** ( there 's plenty of reputable british newspapers that are among the best in the world ) . 
  you can even google about a tabloid that illegally wiretapped celebrities for example . 
  & nbsp ; you really seem to have a hatred by charlie hebdo . 
  i agree that they are controversial and their humor is not for me but if you are incapable of analysing and understanding the differences here , then there 's not much i can tell you . 
  oh , they have partisanship and even a bit of propaganda . 
  but there 's a modicum of civility and respect by the other side . 
  because there 's still a belief that a political opponent is not an enemy that has to be destroyed . 
  you know ... 
  the basis of every democracy is respect for someone with opposing ideas . 
  is this for real or is it fake ? 
  because it 's beyond retarded . 
  maybe some of these brain-dead `` feminists '' should try sitting with their legs closed for a prolonged period of time with sweaty balls . 
  this position is confortable . 
  does it occupy space ? 
  yes . 
  if the public transport is full is it that hard to ask the guy to close his legs ? 
  why the need for a ban ? 
  if you are doing these type of question i bet you are not strong and proud . 
  strong and proud people do n't question . 
  because they 're strong . 
  and proud .
