birmingham deserves peace as much as everywhere else does . 
  same here . 
  it 's like half-mast is the new default for several of the outdoor flags in my town . 
  i 'm sorry for your guys ' losses . 
  you are right . 
  painfully right . 
  radical islam needs to be completely cleansed as an ideology . 
  happy bastille day , my fabulous french buddies !, 
  i remember seeing muzzy commercials all the time growing up . 
  are the videos any good ? 
  i might need them to brush up on my spanish . 
  we have discriminated before & have n't killed off our society yet . 
  you could squint & find a * few * justifications for doing this with immigrants , as most came from lands with different ways of life than the us . 
  immigrants * have * brought in aspects of foreign culture that are incompatible with values that the us holds as vital to keeping our country well . 
  we 've been able to avoid major problems in our country resulting from this because immigrants have had for economic & social reasons had to assimilate into american culture over the years . 
  and then , another good move would be cutting down benefits so they are forced to work & assimilate through that . 
  maybe start spreading out the muslim immigrant population so they ca n't turn entire streets into islamist central quite so easily ? 
  and even then there will always be converts , due to the internet . 
  as insensitive to hell & back as your comment sounds , i have a feeling that would be a much more viable solution than what 's going on now . 
  let the destruction brewing over there naturally take its course . 
  the problem with our reaction to middle east radicalism is that we 've both been far too lenient in not completely destroying the islamist population there , while at the same time we 've also been far too harsh in bombing the places enough that they 're still suffering a lot , nursing resentment against the west & a willingness to do this shit because they have nothing to lose . 
  a smidgen like how the treaty of versailles fucked up in dealing with germany . 
  damn right . 
  sadly terrorist attacks in turkey have sort of become the norm , we ca n't let france/western europe become next . 
  part of why isis might be pushing even harder to kill than before is because they definitely sense their end is nigh in the face of increased us-russian victories in syria & iraq . 
  they literally want to go out with a truly massive bang . 
  numerous truly massive bangs , unfortunately for us . 
  god , what you say * sounds * insensitive but in a way it 's definitely right . 
  :( religion , most notably literal islam , provides far too much of a way to justify & cultivate evil . 
  poor , poor france . 
  the third day of horrendous attacks in 18 months !, 
  keep dreaming , central european . 
  aging is indeed a growing issue . 
  however , the much bigger reason social security is n't stretching as far as it used to is that back in the days that it was extremely flush , the us gov ' t repeatedly took money out of it to cover up overspending elsewhere . 
  this ended up causing the social security fund to experience strain due to an aging population decades before it would have had the fund been left alone . 
  agreed . 
  can that become an official eu language , then ? 
  since you * are * becoming a closer union after this ... . 
  * holy shit * , you 're not subbed to that place are you ? 
  at this point , i 'd consider that a blessing . 
  sanders ' goals were simply far too left for most of the country , & had he been the democratic nominee trump would 've won easily . 
  clinton , at least , is just your typical career politician who would basically cause a continuation of our current system . 
  it 'll be a tight race for sure , but i think if democrats actually get out & * vote , especially the younger dems * , then hopefully the balance on election day will tip in favor of a moderate extension of the status quo rather than a radical swerve to the right . 
  would n't we all be better off if garfield was president , though ? 
  mine too , holy shit ... that was a surprisingly amazing one . 
  ooh . 
  you got a point there , judge . 
  okay , thanks for linking me that !, 
  so basically ... . it 's a rather lose-lose situation for the uk no matter what ? 
  run away anyways despite knowing you pissed off your hosts & have very little idea as to providing for yourself once out vs. pretty much wuss out on leaving after all , going down on your knees in front of your ( pissed-off ) hosts to tearfully admit to them that you do n't want to leave anymore ? 
  * damn , what a choice . 
  i 'm just wondering , how likely do you guys think that the uk will be able to reverse its brexit course ? 
  i 'm hoping there 's at least a slight chance , especially now we 've found out that many , many leave voters were completely ignorant how the eu works , as well as about what would happen afterwards . 
  even worse , many leave voters did n't seriously think the country would end up voting to leave after all . 
  seriously , there 's * got * to be some protection against horribly , * horribly * stupid decisions made by an electorate that just plain did n't know better . 
  eeeps . 
  looks like that pro-leave margin is growing a bit . 
  holy shit , it 's here already ?!?!, 
  or better yet , divorce being completely illegal in the philippines , a catholic country . 
  looks like such a fun & happy day . 
  you 're right about that . 
  in general , gerrymandering is how the same political party can represent/be in charge of an area in the us for * way * longer than they actually match the area politically . 
  gerrymandering by the political party currently in office has long been a terrible issue to the point that in several states re-drawing the district borders after each census is now a job done by a some variant of a non-head government group . 
  in california , where i live , the group in charge of redrawing borders is specifically selected to have an equal number of democrats , republicans , & independents/3rd party voters . 
  on the internet , especially in informal comments , i tend to write as i speak . 
  many to most people actually talk like this in southern california , where i 'm from . 
  plus i tend to interpret it as its own little part of speech . 
  hard to explain , but like ( heh ) a word to show that it 's not 110 % the following sentence , but virtually it . 
  i suppose you * are * right , if the uk does indeed vote to stay than we get another decade or two ( at the very least ) of the exact same shit . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smhdyrwrzhs ), 
  shit ... switzerland ? 
  i do n't know , really . 
  good . 
  because , like , we do n't really know how things will eventually turn out for the uk , or for that matter the eu in general should britain vote to leave . 
  this vote could be the beginning of some very radical changes in the continent and for that matter , our world . 
  half the time radical changes are not * good * , at least not in the beginning . 
  holy shit , things are getting real now are n't they ? 
  i 've seen the uk whinge & bitch about leaving the eu for like , pretty much my entire life . 
  but * now * we are approaching the moment where they could actually walk out on them & possibly change the entire continent . 
  so much fucking excitement . 
  so much fucking fear . 
  this kind of reminds of the voting situation in the us . 
  republican/farther to the right voters ( who include more older people and hardcore patriots ) tend to be a * lot * more enthusiastic about getting out to the polls than democrat/farther to the left voters ( who include a lot of younger people & people who are not as quick to be enthusiastic about the us ) are . 
  democratic voters ' general apathy in relation to republican voters means that republicans still represent/run a * lot * of areas in the us that are actually a lot more democrat / `` centrist '' in demographic . 
  edit : gerrymandering also plays a huge part in republicans overrepresenting the us , but that 's another story . 
  i do n't mind . 
  holy shit . 
  sounds insane . 
  :d thank you for helping me out !, 
  interesting . 
  sounds * way * more nuanced than most depictions of it . 
  iceland 's been changing to be a lot more liberal in regards to family norms , with children generally coming before marriage , and often not with with the same person . 
  half-siblings are about as common as air in some parts . 
  similar to japan , actually . 
  they have a rapidly aging population combined with a reluctance to accept immigrants . 
  although in japan 's case they want to maintain a country that is ethnically `` pure '' . 
  yeah , did i mention how racist the japanese as a whole are ? 
  yes , but will they actually work & pay taxes ? 
  we 've seen that many immigrants to europe from the middle east and africa will not to the extent that it will help social welfare programs . 
  of course this does n't describe * all * the immigrants & things might be different in the future , but this has been our experience with allowing them to come & settle in the way that they have .
