  no opera ? 
  sad, 
  e roman, 
  the older folks have traditional insults , swear words . 
  unfortunately , those traditions are dying out . 
  [ somewhat relevant : map of christian orthodox population ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/41/world_eastern_orthodox_population.png ) . 
  sorry , could n't find one for europe which is pretty enough . 
  the location from the cluj picture is here : http://goo.gl/maps/g0tym in case anyone is curious . 
  ok , so the idea i 'm suggesting is : let 's not rely on anecdotes . 
  agree ? 
  if you like anecdotes , just ask taxi drivers , in any large city in romania , how their experience is with roma clients . 
  you 'll get an earful . 
  the harsh truth is that you ca n't really help , you can only help the new people , the children , but to do that , you have to take them out of the abusive family - which is against human rights unless the abuse is clear ( cases of violence , sexual abuse ) . 
  consider this payback for the crushing new standards imposed on producers in romania . 
  and there 's also an important aspect of realizing the network power of human society ; how far consequences can go , how ideas spread and how fortune , in the sense of luck and a lack of luck , is pushed up or down by certain features in the organization of society . 
  not just military forces , but social and natural phenomena . 
  perhaps a good example is global climate change . 
  ignorance about the forces in the world ? 
  http://www.workersoftheworldrelax.org/ - seems relevant, 
  fuck yeah , we are the 1 % !!!, 
  i recycled it . 
  i remember stories from my country of people going to italy to literally pick up older bikes from the dump and come back here and sell them . 
  give it a few more decades, 
  going to the local authorities :  show me the money, 
  we have the same sort of mentality all over eastern europe , straight down to greece . 
  the one shared factor is orthodox christianity . 
  figure it out . 
  the orthodox days, 
  do n't feed the troll, 
  in case people do n't know why it 's very troubling - budapest , like most of hungary , is very flat . 
  and good luck to them !, 
   they simply prefer that to the alternative . 
  it 's what the real american dream is , a chance not a guarantee . 
  i would n't say they prefer it . 
  i read the polls ; a majority are left-leaning . 
  what is very specific to america is how people are convinced t vote against their own interest . 
  now that is impressive . 
   and how you interpret that quote really shows your values . 
  it 's not about interpretation . 
  the reality is very predictable and clear : there is no possibility for everyone to be a millionaire , it 's just a capitalist utopia . 
  for a few to have success , many others must fail . 
  yet so many fall under the delusion of optimism bias , they think * they * are not part of the statistics . 
  hence ... `` fools '' . 
   the mentality also brought about the airplane funny . 
  because the wright bros. patented the airplane , the us had a very weak air fleet at the start of ww1 , so they had to buy planes from france . 
  the wright brothers also stifled research and experimentation , like all patents do . 
   the digital computer the result of socialist spending on a new industry . 
  internet included - the internet started out as a military project , a backup network which was homogeneous ( hard to knock out in a nuclear war ) . 
  the entire it sector is the result of heavy state investment , through military programs . 
  people who believe in certain dreams of meritocracy . 
  i call them fools , others call them suckers . 
  i like americans , i just do n't like that system , and many americans would agree with me . 
   i may have an overly-positive idea of what romanians are like because most of the romanians i have `` met '' are redditors that 's called confirmation bias . 
  i like that you know you vulnerability !, 
  i 'm just saying i was tempted to post your comment there . 
  you 're not really far away from the truth , except maybe for culture . 
  just like our food , we have manged to end up importing the majority of our culture ; which is not bad explicitly , but there is this depressing tendency to import the shittiest of things . 
  corporate welfare and fools . 
  that remains to be debated . 
  i 'm sure we can find ways if we need to . 
  plenty of creativity to go around . 
  i think / r/romania would like you, 
  training for unemployment , yay !, 
  wo n't work that way . 
  we have the internet , we should just get together and destroy those who ask us to go to war . 
  homemade dark bread - learn how to make it, 
  there 's a sucker born every minute, 
   people in greece , portugal or spain are n't in revolt , and they 've lost a lot . 
  until the buffer is gone, 
  not to mention giving so much power to the church . 
  very bad idea . 
  since when is the us a model ? 
  seriously , look at them . 
  famous sheep-herder , soccer club owner , former european mp , local mp - sentenced to jail . 
  i know . 
  we 're bound to go down in a heil of downvotes . 
  we should halt it, 
  i did nazi that coming . 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ know , ^ ^ ^ cheap ... 
  you 're not even wrong . 
   if you 're not used to abstract thinking and often in conflict with your doctors , social assistance , tax bureaucracy etc , you do n't see what you get . 
  especially those who were used to informal networks for everything . 
  sweden lacks good pr mechanisms or basic education about * how the system works * . 
  the only reason i 'm considering moving to * scandinavia * is because there 's so much atheism . 
  oh , and left-leaning politics . 
  anecdotal evidence ( `` let me tell you a story '' ) is always more popular , since it 's easier to `` feel '' it . 
  ah , there 's your problem . 
  you 've taken a propaganda story about how the world works or should work and think that it 's a reality . 
   i believe they call that `` natural selection '' . 
  the dynamite pot, 
  armenia , no . 
  armenians , yes . 
  figure it out . 
  yes , you !, 
  you 're a slippery one ... 
  water fuck ? 
  like any criminals, 
  almost 100 %, 
  unfortunately for them , roma traditions put a high value on in-group social relation , on family , on clan , leading to a formation of a parallel society , which also spills deeply into `` business '' , hence - the easy to adopt prejudice . 
  you 'd be surprised how often i encounter such beliefs on reddit .
