  it 's depressing . 
  people change, 
  you ask the same question in different ways ( often indirect ways ) ; ask several questions to cover all the aspects you need and put the answers which contradict each other in a `` neutral '' category , because people are either ambivalent or ignorant on those issues . 
  the church and the state have tried to `` privatize welfare to the church '' , but it 's not complete yet . 
  as a secularist , i 'd be in rage spasms if i where there ... 
  well , we can say that the same damage happens with people who emigrate from romania and bulgaria , especially educated people and experienced workers . 
  they got the security , education and training here , at cost to the local society , and now they contribute their skills to some other place , some other state . 
  and i 'd like * to point out that higher education and highly skilled workers are very valuable . 
  they do n't call it `` brain drain '' for nothing . 
  op is probably one of the people i 'm referring to . 
  you should look into the process of how eastern germany was united with western germany and how the locals felt (  1990 ), 
  it 's everyone 's `` fault '' . 
  states have open systems which should evolve to new conditions , get better designs for them ; factor in more of the predictable human psychology . 
  the 2008 bubble is still deflating , still blowing up stuff . 
  we live in a global economy , so local * agency * is much weaker than most people believe . 
  you 've already paid the fines , unknowingly . 
  nice !, 
  he implied it . 
  and how many did you have to kill to do that ? 
  it just means that in 2008 young adults had it shitty , too, 
  i am not impressed, 
  you took that class just for easy credits ? 
  you should check the list , the mods said they introduced regional stuff, 
  flats , apartments also , what you did there is called a traditionalist fallacy . 
  it also carries the risk of having a generation of very angry , disgruntled , and bitter people . 
  just throw some reactionary ideology on them and you have a recipe for some horrible shit . 
  wide-ranging unemployment , unstable jobs , low wages , expensive credit . 
  often they have to support their parents , not the other way around ... 
  bucharest is not in ardeal , sorry, 
  from there . 
  best city in the romania ( but still sucks ) . 
  hey , that 's fine . 
  and yes , what you said is what people usually say . 
  it gets a little annoying after hearing it hundreds of times in a week , but i guess you enjoyed the food and traditions here , right ? 
  ( most of them have little to do with hristos ) . 
  this was local `` news '' for us , in a style similar to weather warnings . 
  * a storm of heavy food is coming !, 
  bolt down the toilets and renew the toilet paper stock !, 
  have anti-acid pills close by and keep the emergency number on speed dial . 
  * ( hyperbole ), 
   jesus , easter , food , shopping , jesus christ , passover , traditional food , shopping for food , easter , jesus , ** eating in moderation ** , jesus , cross , churches , jesus , jesus, 
  you would n't want to get into that debate with me if you 're a believer . 
  jesus , easter , food , shopping , jesus christ , passover , traditional food , shopping for food , easter , jesus , eating in moderation , jesus , cross , churches , jesus , jesus, 
  well ... 
  i have nothing to contribute . 
  and it will stay that way for some years according to current news . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  someone , somewhere , just spilled his beer over this . 
  that 's only because there 's been less of it, 
  and how can you ensure a good monarch ? 
  do you actually expect that there are `` good monarch '' genes ? 
  come for the vampires , stay for the wolves . 
  it 's the influence of traditions . 
  you can never be sure ... 
  most people do n't like that . 
  i mean ... eating animals is not even necessary . 
  not even an old tradition . 
  shotguns with cartridges are not really that old . 
  read his username, 
  many have ... many were really stupid and took out credits and bought cars and houses . 
  mobs are interesting, 
  ideological incest, 
  that 's interesting , [ i see people of various ages in these pictures ] ( http://imgur.com/a/tavaa ), 
  ^ w ^ o ^ o ^ s ^ h, 
  no islamic republic could make such great beer, 
  this puts the * sad * in ambas * sad * or, 
  time to look at some stats !, 
  ( for the non-lazy ), 
  oh , those scary anarchists ... 
  not fair !, 
  in romania , it 's still conventional to call it `` olanda '' . 
  rich with poor people, 
  we 'll just wait for the american missionaries to do their work some more . 
  it 's a nationalist ideology with a religious basis which is interpreted as the goal of the movement , which is * to create a haven ( state of israel ) for jews everywhere * . 
  like any nationalist ideology , some of the supporters lean left ( it 's obviously a communal project ) , others lean right ; some are secular , some are religious ... very religious ... extremely even . 
  ideologically , they 're for transforming `` jewishness '' from a religious & ethnic identity into a national identity . 
  the defenders like to claim that zionism is the goal of all jews implicitly , therefore it would be anti-semitic to speak badly about it ( imagine a venn diagram with two circles being united ) , but they also ignore the jews that do not support it ... who can be found everywhere in the world , even in israel ( and the ones that condemn it , who can be found at least in iran of all places ) . 
  sadly , the most important issue seems to be missing from the debate : free speech . 
  that 's the troll part . 
  i specifically inserted something offensive to see how would probable conservatives react to such an obvious contradiction . 
  sadly , you 're the only one who took the bait , so there 's nowhere near enough data to form the basics of a statistic just for orientation . 
  did i say anywhere that i subscribe to the entire rediqquette ? 
  please , do show me where . 
   it 's against reddiquette . 
  and some should be upvoted just for educational reasons . 
  in the sense that people should know what kind of insane stuff conservatives think . 
  i only wish to thank you for being so easily offended or offended enough to consider arguing over this . 
  that was actually the intent of my comment . 
  as i said previously , my own standards coincide a lot with it . 
  it would be boring of me to make up a list of my own standards and post them every time . 
  unless you 're suggesting i take up legal debates each time i encounter a redditor is lacking in reddiquette . 
  oh , look , i think we 're doing it to , with this mild flaming . 
  how does it feel ? 
  i have my own standards ; they usually coincide with reddiquette . 
  being insulted and getting offended is very relative . 
  so i do n't take it seriously , nor do i expect others to do the same for my sake . 
  [ if you do n't understand what i mean , please watch this instructional video . 
  they should find solidarity in their fucked-up-ness, 
  there 's should be another set of buttons for `` agree/disagree '' . 
  while that is true , at least i 'm open about it and people can downvote me .
