  the internet in romania is spread by private companies ( not sure about finland ) and so , the places with most potential customers have the best connections . 
  rural areas are actually depopulated , as many of the young adults have gone to work in other countries . 
  the result is that everyone who 's left there does n't look interesting enough for investing in a new fiber optics cable network ( which is unfortunate for the youth there and for the old folks who might enjoy a better connection to their family ) . 
  ... however , there may be a rising trend now of city people migrating to rural areas , to restart agriculture and so on , and that may attract internet expansions . 
  rural areas are half a century behind , at least , but with medium cell phone coverage and satellite tv . 
   there 's been a huge wave of corrupted politician going to jail and more seem to follow . 
  hardly . 
  that 's mostly for show . 
  corruption trials in corrupt countries serve the purpose of threatening the competition and sacrificing a few unimportant people to appease the public , not of righting wrongs . 
  the only reason this did n't happen sooner is because the large political parties had an unspoken agreement that they would never resort to the `` nuclear option '' of starting corruption trials against each other ... * you do n't prosecute my guys , i do n't prosecute your guys * . 
  now , it 's escalating , but it 's far , far , far from actual justice . 
  and way too many priests , churches and theology students, 
  what 's not specified , but should be , is the fact that a lot of the energy comes from hydro energy plants , which is old in romania . 
  managing the electricity load is difficult and current systems need a way to store the energy between high production peaks , to become more efficient . 
  if we could do that well , romania could even export energy . 
  i do n't think solar power or wind power is big in romania , at least not yet ... 
  i really have n't seen that many facilities dedicated to such forms , so if you 're picturing that 41 % , again - it 's mostly hydro energy . 
   i would not say europe is a wasteland . 
  eastern europe still has vast areas ~ ~ untouched ~ ~ waiting for investors and mischievous privatizations . 
  ftfy, 
  the more a subreddit grows , the closer it resembles the bell curve of society ( internet at first ) , with all the mediocrity and non-thinking that implies . 
  instead of users learning and adapting to a unique subreddit , the subreddit content gets closer to the lowest common denominator of the mass of users , which is the * natural * tendency , if moderators do n't halt it . 
  basically , without organized efforts , over a long time span , every large subreddit becomes almost identical to the rest . 
  start by disabling downvotes and learning from / r/science and / r/askscience , subreddits which have managed to resist the trend . 
  put all the eggs in one thread, 
  i 'm sure the ambulance services will still have a terrible time, 
  did n't see it mentioned here , so , i just got reminded of this one : turkey . 
  get your shit together , turkey . 
  yes , the backdoor is always open . 
  ^ ( for a price ), 
  tell me about it ... 
  give them some time to pump out populism, 
  while all of those can cause pollution in various ways , i think this case is about local pollution from traffic . 
  it 's not about ecology , it 's about urban planning of health hazards . 
  yeah , they do n't pay their fair share, 
  they do n't learn that part of the story , shhhh, 
  also , each party claims that god + jesus + mary is with them and has blessed the specific country , but not other countries . 
  our innovations are in better methods of corruption , nepotism , kickbacks and public-private campaign financing . 
  those just are n't recognized . 
  just noticed it on the front page ... almost 3k karma , thought it was serious . 
  stopped saying `` holllly shiiit ! '', 
  after 10 seconds . 
  exactly . 
  the people in the middle and the non-violent ones are getting drowned out in the noise and blood . 
  edit : [ some more context ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/euromaidan-dark-shadows-far-right-ukraine-protests-1556654 ), 
  a part of the opposition : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/svoboda_ ( political_party ) ( probably the violent part ) i 'm not sure why other romanians here are going against the tide , i do n't think there 's any meaningful pattern in that , except perhaps that we lived in the same `` border space '' between europe and russia , just like ukrainians . 
  keep the confirmation bias in check . 
  that 's precisely my point , it 's not black and white , it 's not just `` good guys protesters vs bad guy government '' . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/svoboda_ ( political_party ), 
   pro-european still in a dilemma here ... do i root for : - right extremist protesters who are in line with nazism - shitty corrupt regime , not very friendly to europe , but very friendly with russia i see no good guys in this , except perhaps for the folks staying home . 
  yeah , more days of remembrance for dead people . 
  it 's intense like that . 
  instead of long and drawn out strategies , you see these short incremental bursts of agitation as part of a simpler larger strategy . 
  i guess many people enjoy the many short bursts of adrenaline . 
  and it 's also more war like , in a primitive sense , due to the basic quest for territory . 
  as europeans , we should at least understand it more , since ... there 's rugby . 
  either way , i hate all professional sporting . 
  either bill maher or george carlin, 
  i wish i had clothes that could adapt to the temperature outside . 
  what ? 
  no python in there ? 
  i get it , do n't worry . 
  we locals see it as medical tourism ... but you 're also driving up the prices a bit , 
  cheap , from your point of view, 
  are they clients of the gas company ? 
  nobody expects the spanish inquisition, 
  this is just comedy material, 
  that 's more of a canon ... , 
  smell ... until they dry up, 
  and so it starts ... 
  `` romanians are '' does n't pop up any suggestions , so this is the romanian version : http://i.imgur.com/systc7q.jpg - hoti = thieves - frumosi = beautiful - latini ... might as well be this : http://i.imgur.com/wfowyx8.jpg, 
  add the '' / s '' tag, 
  ^ ( [ citation needed ] ), 
  i actually live in romania , so i 'm ... complaining in a round-about way . 
  maybe . 
  there 's certainly a layer of relative interpretation , of hard to quantify perception , which is influence by irrational thoughts . 
  but i would n't disagree with you that it 's getting worse ; i 'm sure it is . 
  populism is cheap , it appeals to emotions instead of thought out will ; it 's a trick , basically . 
  we love to say that democracies need informed citizens ; well , information works with the more rational and reasonable sides , not with the ones triggered by populists . 
  spend some time in romania ... bring wallets , visit schools and hospitals , ride some trains from corner to corner ; you 'll appreciate your country more when you get back . 
  the treatment is deadly . 
  last round of chemo in 1989 did n't work . 
   the previous mayor who , in all honesty is a decent man hahahahaha , that 's foarte amuzant, 
  it 's not popular rumors , it 's a different kind of * back room * rumors . 
  take it as you like , but do n't think the case was a victory against corruption . 
   you do realise that the dna has convicted members of all the political parties , including the mayor of the second biggest city in the country , which at the time was in the party supporting the president . 
  the incident with the mayor was a bit special . 
  i can only mention some local `` press rumors '' ... the guy was so greedy for bribes that he did n't realize he was dealing with a some islamic organization linked to terrorism , so eventually the us services put some pressure on the romanian side and something was done to remove him . 
  this guy ( apostu ) was boc 's prot\u00e9g\u00e9 when boc was pm , and now boc has been reelected as mayor ( after apostu ) . 
  so it 's like the whole thing did n't happen and boc just got back to his previous job . 
  latin , from `` latium '' or `` spread out '' , like blame and corruption spread out over a large area . 
  thanks . 
  now it 's time to read about it . 
  you must construct additional pylons, 
  and a splash of blood, 
  it 's really difficult to prove a negative, 
  what ? 
  i have the latest and i can edit the page ( i 'm referring to the speed dial ) . 
  but i also have win xp . 
  perhaps the settings are hidden on newer versions of windows .
