  do n't joke : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_communism, 
  dutch antivax belt , too, 
  it 's more like a very bad case of herpes . 
   belongings from other churches were forcefully given to bor . 
  more specifically , from the less defended religions , mainly greek-catholic , which `` united church '' , a romanian ( as in independent from church centers in the vatican or in greece or russia ) church that was a hybrid of catholicism and orthodox christianity . 
  the orthodox church was privileged heavily . 
  the catholic church was protected to maintain good relationships with vatican , the italy and the west . 
  the protestant churches were protected to maintain good relationships with the us . 
  there 's some irony somewhere in there . 
   i find is fascinating how some countries ( poland , romania , ect ) are still very very religious after having state atheism for a while , while others ( ddr , czechoslovakia ) are almost entirely nonreligious . 
  everything we do in romania is superficial , and the decades under the socialist dictatorships did n't really change much in depth on this level , it could n't compete with centuries of christian orthodox tradition and a very large rural population that preserved the tradition . 
  during the 20th century , the same people , the same generations , shifted from monarchism to fascism to socialism and now to free market capitalism , without flinching much . 
  christianity itself is very superficial here , based on biblical illiteracy ( a tradition , too , even for the clergy ) , so it 's more about identity , nationalist and ethnic rhetoric and yearly traditions which are a mixture of christian and ancient pagan . 
  i 'm pretty sure that starting from the post 1980 generations there will actually be a more obvious drop in religiosity , just like in much of the rest of the world , since these are the generations that are most disconnected from the older traditions and will refuse to adopt the religious label just because their parents do or because it is tied into ethnicity , but still there will be those converted by missionaries ( often pentacostals , mormons , adventists , jws etc. ), 
  - those that bring tight cult activity that can give young people identity and social groups that they crave ( against a backdrop of the homogeneity of the majority culture and society ) . 
  if you ca n't organize yourself to get a significant size for the study , you have no place doing such a study in the first place . 
  i admit that i could n't find any clear data on on the size in the document linked in the article , it was just a press-release type document and perhaps the sample size is small . 
  is it published in any peer reviewed journal ? 
  putin is more about photography , not drawings, 
  `` who cares ? '', 
  i think it 's more about criticism of israel , because if it was supposed to be anti-semitic , i 'm sure a stereotypical antisemitic caricature of jews would 've had room along with the other heads . 
  too many sharp towers and churches there, 
  the way it worked about 4-5 years ago and before that was that each large party had dirt on the other and they waged passive conflict of making threats , but without following on them . 
  about 4-5 years ago , not sure with what occasion , they started to escalate and make good on their threats , and this is some of the result . 
  it will probably escalate more , but i assume most of the `` awesome '' cases are kept for the big election year ( s ) , for maximum effect . 
   middle class eastern european the middle class here is relatively small and in debt . 
  most people are upper working class . 
  but many try to afford it , save some money etc. 
  it 's a status thing : you have to go somewhere cool or very popular each vacation . 
  i take the bill hicks approach to beach tourism : `` it 's where water meets sand , get over it '', 
  it 's a joke, 
  our last hope ... 
  probably some second hand jets . 
  high class imbeciles are rare in romania, 
   do you like romanians ? 
   definitely not  welcome to romania !, 
   i really belong in latvia  you 're latvian at heart . 
   the latvians do n't squander their money on movies or meat . 
  they do n't much enjoy religious events and if they run into a police officer , they are wary . 
  a latvian with a tablet computer in hand is a rare sight . 
  silly stereotypes, 
  what a mess, 
  i agree . 
  i need to find a better expression ... 
  propaganda is not war , it has been constant for a long time . 
  some people here still think there was some kind of choice, 
   corruption ? 
  these last years the dna has arrested shitloads of people and it 's only getting better . 
  dna is a political show , it 's only incidentally about corruption . 
  i 'm not surprised you like such entertainment , it 's designed for people who think like you . 
  i 'm not sure how to feel about that invitation, 
  this country has failed a long time ago , there really is no reason to keep up the facade , it should have been disaggregated a long time ago . 
  the only common thing romanians really have is their language . 
   this country would n't even exist anymore . 
  sounds good , where do i sign ? 
  [ how i feel about most of the comments like yours in this thread ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8nzcwii.gif ), 
  this, 
  guys , you know that if it comes down to it , we will be applying for asylum . 
  right ? 
  who wants some romanian redditors ? 
  no , they should n't join , we need someone out there , fucking with the large banks, 
  finally , a use for those things, 
  * clears throat regularly due to not yet recognized allergy to something , probably milk *, 
  yes , i know . 
  it was a slight joke . 
  visit romania, 
  i would agree with you if it were n't for the fact that we 're talking about values which have remained the same and in the same social status for centuries ( probably more ), 
  it 's considered a `` vice '' , and , as a vice , it is addictive and a waste of money . 
  i personally see it as the result of social insecurity , of greater polarization , but that 's just me noting how so many of the commercial spaces in my city have now turned into casino game rooms with slot machines and the like . 
  they have ibiza . 
  think about it . 
   decades of communism [ `` communism '' ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/456cc344495f40145a37f28e1a795a24/tumblr_mv5cxujgvs1rhv7sio1_500.jpg ), 
  it 's science , it does n't matter , but if you really care , the authors of the study are from : the netherlands , italy , germany , uk, 
  - link to study is [ here ] ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0959378014000338 ) extract from the abstract :  we tested the effects of these alternative diets and found that halving the consumption of meat , dairy products and eggs in the european union would achieve a 40 % reduction in nitrogen emissions , 25 -- 40 % reduction in greenhouse gas emissions and 23 % per capita less use of cropland for food production . 
  in addition , the dietary changes would also lower health risks . 
  the european union would become a net exporter of cereals , while the use of soymeal would be reduced by 75 % . 
  the nitrogen use efficiency ( nue ) of the food system would increase from the current 18 % to between 41 % and 47 % , depending on choices made regarding land use . 
  as agriculture is the major source of nitrogen pollution , this is expected to result in a significant improvement in both air and water quality in the eu . 
  the resulting 40 % reduction in the intake of saturated fat would lead to a reduction in cardiovascular mortality . 
  these diet-led changes in food production patterns would have a large economic impact on livestock farmers and associated supply-chain actors , such as the feed industry and meat-processing sector . 
  no shame in asking for help, 
  well , because it is , as i explained after those words . 
  * food not lawns * is a anarchist/left-wing idea . 
  it 's a reaction to land misuse/waste as a sign of high social status . 
  well kept lawns , hedges and flower beds have always been signs of high social status , of wealth , since it takes serious upkeep , so it 's attractive to certain kinds of people . 
  older , smaller or poorer countries may have a more practical view of this and do not forget to plant something which provides food . 
  i 'm personally on the extreme end of this ( * grow food ffs !, 
  * ) and the only usefulness i see for flowers is in attracting pollinators and improving the ecology so useful animals can find a shelter . 
  send vodka ? 
  haha , yes ... sure . 
  * well , no , i would feel bad about it *, 
  no , it would be unethical to send such a burden to other places ... 
  yes , i know ... we 're waiting for generations to expire . 
  yes , even * more * electricity for exports moar !, 
  it 's not pessimism , it 's cynicism . 
  you get that from being in or close to the system for a long time . 
   why would anyone fight against corruption when no matter what they do we will tell them they 've done nothing and find a way to discredit them ? 
  because it 's true . 
  the justice going on is a joke . 
  if you want to get serious , the volume of people being sent to jail has to increase a hundred fold , at least , while there also have to be laws for dealing with the damages , namely : confiscation of assets and wealth from the culprits and from suspected family and friends .
