yep , those pictures are about war . 
  this is war , folks . 
  how come there are n't more people really outraged about this ? 
  luckily for the bear that it was not a farm animal, 
  tip of the tip of the iceberg, 
  it can make you better at being lazy, 
  you may be going in the direction of the pancreas . 
  also , colon has to deal with the constipation from milk and dairy . 
  oh , and bones may lose calcium in the process of buffering the excess acidity from the milk proteins . 
  oh , and there may be some potential loss of iron due to gastrointestinal bleeding from the milk protein . 
  and some other stuff . 
  edit : i forgot about the acne . 
  yes , drink milk , eat cheese , enjoy the risk of more and more intense acne . 
  who needs water when you can drink the bodily fluids of a large mammal ? 
  soccer fans in romania are similar to those in the uk and other places ; it attracts the chauvinist assholes most . 
  and , as for your story , it is anecdotal and no reasonable person would form opinions about a group of people based on an anecdote . 
  meet different people , do some trading , visit places , party together . 
  it 's basic policy for keeping peace . 
  in general , it 's harder to kill people you know , it 's more difficult to buy into tribal/national/whatever propaganda when you actually know people on the other side and even have family there . 
  thank you , mr. 
  confirmation bias, 
  i 'm actually looking forward to joining this program and hoping to make some connections * outside * that can help me in case i want to move out . 
  wrinkles around the eyes are different . 
  could be father + son, 
  lon asgeles ? 
  100 % cotton, 
  i hope not, 
  tip : do not google-images `` nipple man '' *, 
  cooking in eastern europe is good in the region of transylvania ( romania ) , hungary up to austria - and that 's simply because there was a long tradition of non-austrian cooks making recipes up for austrian royalty and nobles ... and when i say food , i mean delicious stuff that would make your eyes , arteries and butt shed tears just by seeing it in on a table in front of you . 
  yes , it 's closed . 
  there 's http://syncthing.net if you just want open source . 
  i 'm going to switch to that in the future . 
  bt sync . 
  google it . 
  i 've never heard that version , but it could be valid , too, 
  we have shit like that in romania , a lot ... churches moving in between flat buildings which are already crowded together , churches occupying the last remnants of green spaces or parks etc. 
  it 's so stupid it makes me think of renouncing my citizenship . 
  anl projects are rather new ( compared to the old buildings ) and not very big or many , they hardly put a dent in the market in general and could , perhaps , be an issue for developers in a specific area , but that can be fixed if the private builders are smart enough to change their plans and offer something different than the anl project , so they become complementary and the private building gets to sell for a higher price because the area is being developed thanks to anl . 
  who would pay rent ? 
   the downside is that it will still take some years for this . 
  some dead generations, 
  romanian motto for this is ( rough translation ) : * i hope my neighbor 's goat dies * . 
   except that the moronic local government capitalized on the newly found religiosity and gave a large chunk of the land ( right next to my house ) to the church . 
  that ca n't be legal, 
  fuck , that shit drives me crazy . 
  not only is there an insane amount of greed , but there 's mafia business and fraud in there , too . 
  it 's not just houses or flats , it 's small pieces of land . 
  just the region of transylvania is basically a fractal of properties and it 's absolutely terrible for agriculture . 
  people have strips of land which are 6-8 meters wide and 100-1000 meters long ; it 's ridiculous . 
  josh , jesse, 
  confusion is not a sin, 
  ^ ( it 's a wonder it is still a country ), 
  b-est is best, 
  looks like bucharest, 
  yes , nobody said it would be an easy choice . 
  stop having sheep around, 
  and only 300 wolves were living there, 
  i 'm not using it nearly enough . 
  country : romania most : romania least : romania, 
   as i said in my last comment you guys are doing an amazing job ridding romania of corruption . 
  nope , this is just scratching the edges of the scratches on the surface . 
  and these are show-trials . 
  this is all about sending * a message * , and it 's not `` let 's destroy corruption '' ... 
  no need to , the battle is on the economic and political level , not the jail level . 
  what does matter is keeping his own people out of jail . 
  of course ; he probably deserves much more ... it 's just the pain of slow and very selective * justice * . 
  i do n't remember seeing anything anti-eu . 
  the topic is mostly brought up in regards to misuse , abuse or lack of use of funds . 
  it 's exaggerated , everything . 
  there 's the occasional distorted , biased , news item on specific topics . 
  for years , that tv channel was the only big one that was a platform for criticism against basescu , everyone else was in basescu 's camp or afraid of him , so this antena3 tv channel got very popular , but now the political tides have shifted and they have not , getting into `` obsessive '' themes like fox news has the * obama-benghazi * crap . 
  on the tv channel , there 's also a late night show , somewhat similar to the `` daily show '' , but less funny and more offensive and there are a few stars who have become famous for constantly hammering basescu . 
  in turn , over the last few years , there 's been a backlash of people angry with them . 
  the take away from this is this : * destroy/recyle your tv *, 
  as with most show trials , is mostly about politics , as mr. voiculescu is a rival of mr. basescu and there 's always some mischief going on in the background - and they all have various dirt on each other ... nobody is clean . 
  there 's a real schadenfreude party going on in / r/romania, 
  and survived, 
  the opposite of happiness is not suffering , but boredom . 
  you can ask in / r/romania , and i think we have some tips in the wiki there . 
  the history ... try wikipedia . 
  as with many histories , the nationalist version is all too popular and wrong . 
  feel free to ask in / r/romania , we 're really bored there and it will cause fun and drama . 
  you 're right because part of romanian is basically dumbed down french . 
  our grammar is very similar and many words are trimmed and simplified . 
  in romanian , it 's `` jandarm '' . 
  til, 
  would n't it have been cheaper and more efficient for the house to be removed ? 
  needs tilt & shift, 
  it 's not like putin has any money, 
  saw the 2nd picture and thought : * hey , an actually decent job for bankers *, 
  finally !, 
  some context, 
  welcome to reddit political discussions ^ ^ tm, 
  in a sense , yes , but the idea of communism and of * a commune * is older than the timeline of the jesus character , just to be clear . 
  and the scripture itself is vague and , as always , easy to interpret to your wanting . 
  i know such christians and they always seem to ignore the fact that what jesus was suggesting regarding wealth and sharing was * in preparation * for the end , for the final judgment ; he was a apocalyptic jewish preacher/prophet . 
  there was no long term plan , that was borrowed later from other ideologies . 
  still , they could 've mentioned the number of people they surveyed . 
  meh ... the situation still was that the vatican did n't help protect it , compared to the roman catholic churches in romania . 
  sometimes we forget we have it,
