  downvoting lurking downvotters is not applicable . 
  because you 're complaining here, 
  how do you measure it ? 
  so why are you on reddit ? 
  you should be writing letters to the family, 
  what cracks up any empire ? 
  strange . 
  did you know her personally ? 
  some of these jokes should go to / r/standupshots, 
  the afghan taliban and mujahedin also think they were the ones responsible for bringing down the soviet empire . 
  some people just do n't understand coincidence . 
   someone with principals oh , she was one . 
  he does n't need to make new studies , he just cites . 
  he 's a scholar of politics , a place where `` linguistics '' really matter . 
  i always thought he was just acting, 
  it 's against reddiquette . 
  and some should be upvoted just for educational reasons . 
  in the sense that people should know what kind of insane stuff conservatives think . 
  it 's not like thatcherism and its effects did n't die with her . 
  right ? 
  it was a `` global '' thing , synchronized . 
  it feels nice , 
  perhaps i have more sympathy for them because i live in eastern europe, 
  well , if your society is not open , and you want to express your ideas , ideals and so on , you have to do something drastic . 
  their methods do actually work , because what they want is attention . 
  this is not a debate they 're trying to win , they do n't have access to that . 
  in reddit terms , it 's like going on a front page post with over a millions comments and trying to provide an important , but minority point of view . 
  good luck getting attention by just hanging around or leaving a note . 
  that 's why they go for something controversial ... like boobs and vandalizing symbols . 
  i 'm tired , but you should read more about them . 
  eastern europe does not have the same level of openness as western europe has . 
  not marketplace , but `` market '' in the economic sense . 
  you never appreciate free food until your child dies weak and pale because of a mild infection . 
  remember romania 1989 ? 
  people were not angry about the lack of democracy . 
  they were angry about the lack of food . 
  exotic fruit ~ ~ s ~ ~ , yes . 
  local fruit , no . 
  most people had family back in the rural parts , where various stuff was grown , including animal products . 
  there was no market for it , that is true . 
  i actually live in a city which was surrounded by hills full of orchards for cherries , apples and some other species . 
  now , most of them have been abandoned , sold off ( often suspiciously ) or returned to previous owners . 
  despite the hills being full of clay and unstable , now big houses have been constructed , after cutting down the trees . 
   dumped into it straight from a government-controlled economy more or less , but with more mafia in between . 
  it would be more accurate to say that the state has been privatized , rather than to say that there is capitalism . 
  young people in eastern europe are faced with really high unemployment . 
  it 's not really so insane . 
  the basic feeling is that life was more secure in that period ; it was less rich , less diverse , less open , less changing , but also less risky , less scary , with less unemployment , less chaos , and there was less economic polarity . 
  go ahead , blame eastern europeans for wanting the sunny side of socialism , which already exists in many forms in europe . 
  true story . 
  pink and red is manly because it 's the color of meat , blood and guts . 
  blue - not so much . 
  i 'm in cluj . 
  it 's not pink , it 's orange ( boc ), 
  it 's your fault . 
  you brought horse meat into the source code . 
  is n't cyprus a haven for tax cheats and various scumbags who want to hide pre-laundered money ? 
  sounds like a ponzi, 
  thanks for correcting me, 
  so basically spam , 
  not just an icon , but almost an official saint . 
  no , but you posted some pictures from america which i guess is part of your default comment when encountering posts about that gesture . 
  it 's interesting trivia , and just that . 
  we do n't really know , this topic is not studied enough . 
  this is the imgur page link : http://imgur.com/hs0cvfs - i posted this , but reddit added the file extension , so the context was partially lost . 
  here you go :  a bunch of kids giving a nazi salute while holding romanian flags and a picture of `` saint '' zelea codrean , a infamous romanian fascist politician who was part of the the legion of the archangel michael movement . 
  the rally was organized by priests of the christian orthodox church in reaction to the introduction of new passports and ids which contain a chip . 
  these opinions are somewhat popular , but it 's not clear how superficially people adopt these ideas . 
  this is who they 're supporting : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_guard ( the organization is basically dead , but now they 'd like to revive it ), 
  the picture is not from america . 
  it 's from eastern europe , and the salute is a gesture belonging to a right-wing organization which called itself `` the iron guard '' . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_guard  a bunch of kids giving a nazi salute while holding romanian flags and a picture of `` saint '' zelea codrean , a infamous romanian fascist politician who was part of the the legion of the archangel michael movement . 
  the rally was organized by priests of the christian orthodox church in reaction to the introduction of new passports and ids which contain a chip . 
  source : http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=520452961340459&amp;set=a.195372807181811.60887.193779817341110&amp;type=1&amp;theater i 'm pretty sure i posted the imgur page link , not file link . 
  strange that reddit changed that . 
  these folks are usually enthralled with `` dacian '' ancestors ( usually learned from pseudohistorians and propagandists ) , so i 'm pretty sure they would n't like to be linked to romans . 
  do n't worry , students here are in the same situation as you are in . 
  i 'm not even going to mention the value of scholarships students get here ... it 's pathetic . 
  you 're going to make some people here envious, 
  fermentation is not perfect, 
  the average here is pretty low by european standards . 
  we have the same shit in romania with the case of `` rosia montana ' , where they 're trying to wipe out a historic mountain site and persuade the population to move away . 
  basically , there 's a 2000 year old gold mine that brought romans all the way to those mountains in transylvania and it 's the oldest recognized ( `` on paper '' ) settlement in romania . 
  canadian company just wants to come in and open-pit mine that shit . 
  aid for poor people . 
  i see this stuff all the time in romania , usually for poor families or old people who live on a very small pension . 
  the only sad part is that it 's not actually healthy stuff there ... 
  fuels can be stored and exported, 
  land of `` o '' - s, 
  why not make bio fuels ? 
  in germany , they probably make ethanol as a fuel, 
  damn it , is there no excuse for laziness ? 
  \u00e9h\u00e9h\u00e9h\u00e9h\u00e9 * pause of breath * h\u00e9h\u00e9h\u00e9, 
  keeping up with the * jonsescu * family, 
  it 's a bit obscure . 
  probably more so than / r/fifthworldproblems, 
  i do n't have such keys at hand . 
  `` mange '' is french but your phrase is vague , offensive and slightly funny, 
  clearly there is not enough rage in your comment, 
  we compensate for that by having a rich thesaurus for swear words .
