   no cars , mostly horses . 
  very rural truth is there are too many cars here . 
  cities are often in traffic nightmares . 
  the old urban plan was made for socialist living , with people living in apartment buildings and actually walking around , walking to work/school or perhaps taking public transportation . 
  but romanians are also into the american dream , so they all want to own cars , which has led to situations in which there are families living in shitty apartments in which every family member has a car ( usually this involves a lot of scandal over parking spots near the building ) . 
  good thing horses are viviparous, 
  just in case you may not know this : refrigeration does not stop microbes from growing , it just slows them down . 
  i find it ironic that these eu laws are more `` free market '' than the american version . 
  i guess ikea does n't sell a horse and carriage set . 
  a fish tank has the same effect, 
  so was owning gypsy / roma slaves, 
  well , http://www.asur.ro/en/sustine and generally being hard on that part of romanian life . 
  that does n't mean you ca n't help . 
  in romania , they are relentless at setting the country back about 200 years . 
  we called it feudalism ... 
  ah , but it 's all about the money . 
  the oc church plays the game too . 
  i 'm not sure most romanians even know what `` secularism '' means , sadly . 
  you should go to / r/vegan and ask that question, 
  if you 're a cannibal , you should turn yourself to nearest police station . 
  we are ... but not here . 
  you need those proteins, 
  that spicy shit will fuck you up, 
  do n't worry , at least the horse meat does n't come with the risk of having prions ( remember mad cow disease ? ), 
  perhaps we should emigrate to sweden and take the blame . 
  fortunately , they were not so stupid . 
  you 're confusing institutions with culture . 
  tell me : did witch burning have a large public ? 
  did it go on in public places ? 
  did the people cheer , protest or sit silent ? 
  i like that you used that word with french and spanish roots . 
  yes ; it 's actually one of the first things children learn in school : bring flowers and gifts to the educators and kiss up to them if you can , so you get the best grades ; and copying on tests ? 
  well , everyone is doing it ... 
  truly a government of the people , by the people , since corruption here is everywhere , not just in state institutions . 
  well , you can learn what things not to do , such as exorcism , if local examples are not enough, 
  why would they ride a car if they can fly ? 
  if only the 98 % majority of chiristian orthodox people knew ... 
  learning, 
  i 'm sure they had good reasons . 
  one of them was creating the most powerful industry in europe and thus gaining even more power in the eu system . 
  this should be a new thread , not just comments . 
  it 's a long story . 
  development ... your proposition assumes that the former east germany would have to be abandoned economically as a consequence of moving the work force . 
  you 're missing the point : we 're all people . 
  the small differences left are used mainly for politics and entertainment . 
  i 'm trying not to . 
  who reads this far anyway ? 
   i 'm just telling you about my person experience . 
  unfortunately there 's no studies made about my life and interactions with my friends . 
  so i 'm not really sure what part of this is self-delusion . . 
  yes , and that 's the point . 
  you are making generalizations in your mind based on anecdotes and you are also encouraging others to do so . 
  please tell me you know why this is a bad idea . 
   the only thing i really know about romania , is that it 's relatively poor ( not sure if this correct either , maybe it 's another stereotype ) . 
  we have stats for that , you can look it up . 
   i hope you do n't consider that offensive . 
  not at all , and like i said before , i 'm not an ambassador ; you ca n't wound my `` national ego '' , i do n't have one . 
   both stupid stereotypes , but i think only the first is destructive and something we should actively battle . 
  the second is a source of bad jokes that very very little people take as offensive . 
  i disagree . 
  all stereotypes are a problem , because they contain faulty thinking . 
  by those faults , they can be exploited , whatever the stereotype is . 
  you think some are negative and some are positive , but that evaluation is relative to how you see the world ; essentially , it 's just bad information which can be interpreted differently ( as in negative instead of positive ) by different people . 
   there 's a lot of reasonable threads . . this one was just for fun , which should be ok too from time to time  i see it as an addict relapsing into addiction . 
   do n't take everything too serious  i only take serious what is serious . 
  stereotypes are deadly serious . 
  but you know most people do n't fast by abstaining from eating or eating much less , they just avoid meat ( except fish ... ) and eat some replacements . 
  go on ... what prejudice will you favor based solely on a bit of information about diet ? 
  you 're very close ; just get some labels . 
  or let someone else do it for you . 
  perhaps you 'd also enjoy seeing a map of countries and their dog-eating stats ; so you can easily see who are those dastardly dog munchers and who 's not . 
  perhaps this could also be used in international policy concerning trade and aid !, 
  depends , are you an aristocrat or a serf ? 
   i love stereotypes and exchanging them . 
  i have friends all over the world , and i 'm always very curious what the dutch are being made fun of , outside of the netherlands . 
  turns out the germans think we all travel with our tiny mobile homes and we all have one . 
  i would believe you if you actually cited polls or a study for this . 
  otherwise , this would be just joyful self-delusion ... thinking that you have an accurate or a rounded perception of a part of reality which is difficult to measure ( populations and their behaviors ) . 
  this is the equivalent of reading tabloids , seeking gossip about people you have no clue about just to cheaply satisfy your curiosity . 
   so i definitely believe that to you , this may be a negative thing . 
  i really do n't care about such speculation . 
  what really bothers me is the the popularization of stereotypes and prejudice , be they negative or positive . 
  if you think that because rroma people from romania cause drama around europe , there are negative consequences upon me , you 're not just wrong , you 're making it worse by supporting the mechanisms by which such stereotypes spread ... i.e. 
  making erroneous generalizations . 
   so if you feel this goes against inclusiveness and openness , i 'm curious how you think the situation in romania is so much different that you feel it 's such a terrible thing . 
  there is no situation in romania . 
  what you are thinking about is just a popular story used in mainstream media to get more grab from the audience . 
  the terrible thing is not something regional or local ... it 's just prejudice , national and ethnic stereotypes ; i 'm not here as an ambassador ...  i can totally see from your responses that it 's a maybe a bit of a touchy subject only in the sense that i expected more reason from reddit.com/r/europe . 
  haha , we 're all globalized , europeanized . 
  overlap is a serious understatement . 
  and friendly rivalry sounds nice ; just that . 
  i see it more as an opportunity to explore stereotypes and pass out bad information . 
  do n't get me wrong , it is interesting stuff , but only if you 're into anthropology . 
  we do that anyway , all the time , here , with no explicit call for it . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're referring to , but let 's assume it 's about `` sympathy between countries '' . 
  it 's not actually the general attitude of sympathy , it 's just a form of extending tribalism to a larger setting , in order to increase one 's prestige and self-esteem . 
  in my country , people do it with the `` latin brothers '' ( italy , spain and france ) or the `` roman brothers '' ( as in from the ancient rome ) . 
  a more notorious case is the one of the `` arian brothers '' ... 
  almost anytime you see a tendency for `` brotherliness '' , it 's an appeal to primitive instincts concerning the conservation of the family circle and the tribe circle , not an improvement in openness and inclusiveness . 
  and it 's all about raising self-esteem by using an exclusive group identity to suggest superiority ( versus `` the other '' ) .
