  that culture is too ancient ... but i like to troll nationalists from those areas with it . 
   not that there 's anything wrong with that except for the ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ banking ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ sector . 
  [ remember snatch ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugugzh3ne5w ), 
  what ? 
  already starting with the para-militarism ? 
  so is the pope !, 
  [ you made the jump !, 
  ] ( http://www.atheistcartoons.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/theagnostic.jpg ), 
  you should consider the union that is recognized by the state ( and is given privileges ) when you read the question . 
  what about this ? 
  the most rational choice . 
  at least one industry still works well here ... 
  i live in the big red blotch near the black sea . 
  let me tell you something this map does n't show , something which is very well known by locals : working on the black market . 
  we also have a problem with the ridiculous amount of papers and money required to get a start-up , something which many young people would be open to . 
   money does n't have to flow anywhere , there is no rule which says we should share everything more equally . 
  i know you 're being idealisitc but there 's no need to be naive too . 
  those damned private and public investors !, 
  they keep moving it all over the world !, 
  facts can be shown in a distorted way , and thus contribute to confirmation bias or some various fallacies . 
  this is difficult to control ; i think the best solution to this would be to stimulate the audience into a more mature position with more self-awareness of personal biases . 
  yet , op could also have problems with confirmation biases and he could be committing the * texas sharp-shooter fallacy * by cherry-picking all the comments and patterns he hates and making a poor theory about them . 
  while as a subreddit group phenomenon , it is similar , the content is different . 
  there really is not much to talk about atheism ( since all the winnable arguments have been won ... many centuries ago ) unless you include anti-theism or unless it 's full of young people who did n't read up on atheism . 
  the reddit source does n't give room for such advanced things which could be don with ajax , sorry . 
  while i 'm also someone with experience , i have to point out that experience is not very good evidence , but anecdotal evidence which is also prone to many personal biases . 
  denigrating the presentation is a fallacy . 
  it 's either that or some form of feudalism . 
  is that tax havens screw countries up . 
  it 's all bullshit from dubious witnesses . 
  the hysteria has died down in the past 6 months . 
  happened in romania , too . 
  and it seems that it happened in poorer neighborhoods . 
  apparently , the locals were afraid that the ambulances were part of a scheme to abduct children and steal organs . 
  not joking . 
  [ maybe this si why ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugugzh3ne5w&amp;feature=share&amp;list=plb8cde90cb8b3894a ), 
  it 's neither ; banks have no real home country ... 
  the problems are the slums , the traumas . 
  yes , it 's for those people that government chop down social programs to get more money to throw at banks . 
  you know the people with credits and the low income people who do n't actually have anything in their bank account ? 
   on friday night , they said a coming round of bank bailouts , paid for by the eurozone rescue fund , would send the country 's debts soaring by some $ 50bn . 
  spending is to be cut by 7 % next year , bringing another wave of cuts in health , education and other welfare services . 
  how is this not class warfare ? 
  in romania , the state and the church are not married , but have been a couple for many years ... decades ... centuries . 
  with a dildo shaped like mohammed !, 
  the more nuts islamists go , the worse they look to the rest of the ( first ) world . 
  who said anything about quenching ? 
  that 's their job as a magazine - to publish and sell stuff to their readers . 
  someone should point it out to these protesters that if they live in west , they are at least partially westerners . 
   100 % anarchist . 
  increase the work week so fewer workers are necessary !, 
  brilliant !, 
  this will surely increase employment figures !, 
  what russian influence ? 
  we 're talking about the 21st century ... 
  competitors matter only in a fully occupied market . 
  that 's not a universal situation , and it 's why there 's this thing called a * niche * market . 
   if you want to sell your products , something has to compensate for the lack of quality and productivity and usually that is the worker 's salary and implicitly the standard of living . 
  or subsidies . 
  we are talking about europe . 
   why do you think dacia is the cheapest car in europe ? 
  would n't you prefer a high margin bmw factory instead ? 
  it 's the cheapest because it 's made by the renault people in a much cheaper place than france and in an automated factory . 
  really , romania does n't gain that much from the deal , except perhaps brand value ( which is very unstable ) . 
  if i go along with your question , i would actually prefer something reasonably sturdy and very efficient , but that 's something that is n't for sale much . 
  but i do get your point about quality . 
  on the other hand , this is not actually about quality , but demand . 
  and , as i said above , there are niche markets . 
  cheap cars for europeans happens to be one , since europeans have realized it 's time to cut back a little on high consumption . 
  i 'm not even interesting in debating this . 
  i actually support protectionist legislation and tariffs , as they 're the only proven method of growing local production . 
  my point about technological capital was simply that * some technological capital * , even if shitty , is better than * no technological capital * . 
  yes , i know . 
  i 'm not against exporting ... 
  i only wished that it would have been in a rational and sensible way in romania . 
  sadly , it was more of a mass pawning off of national stuff ; the whole thing clouded in panic , desperation and chaos . 
  getting back to the main point , the eu is an economic union , not a social one , so the reasons why countries join and leave the eu should also be considered from the resource and financial side . 
  now , i ask , why would a backwater place like romania be admitted in the eu ? 
  ironically , there are still small work shops in romanian equipped with those old parts , with the few machines that did n't get pawned off ; places where some of the old skilled workers can still practice some of their craft . 
  even more ironically , these small shops are profitable , at least by local standards , when the old workers manage to export their high quality products to a european market invaded by low-quality cheap stuff . 
  you seem to be clueless about the importance of having technological capital , even if it 's old . 
   selling those factories for scrap metal and starting from scratch is not only the best strategy , is the only strategy . 
  for company owners , yes . 
  for the workers ... not so much . 
   the heavy industries dating from the communist era are obsolete and energy intensive and ca n't compete with factories which retool every decade only in open competition . 
   the scrap metal from romania is peanuts in comparison with what a country like germany produces . 
  it may be peanuts , but it 's peanuts made of chopping down factories . 
  i 'm not against exporting scrap metal ; my problem was the cannibalization of industrial infrastructure . 
  and i am perfectly aware the it was locals who made the deals with international companies , and not some obscure imperial conquest thing . 
  not only was it peanuts , but was worth peanuts , since the national currency was crushed by all the imports ; the absolute worst time to be selling ( everything was deeply undervalued , thus it had to be sold en-gros for a profit to be made ) . 
  obviously , my observations and arguments make a note of ethics in business ( or their lack ) . 
  i was kinda ' joking . 
   dressed in home-made plate metal armour and a helmet well , that does n't fit the picture . 
  clearly someone like that should be going for light armor . 
  well , you , as a normal citizen , do n't see it . 
  but if you were the owner of a corporation with a desire to get cheap resources from nearby , well , romania is/was ? 
  a paradise . 
  i ca n't even picture the amount of metal that was transfered from romania to germany by the `` scrap metal '' trade ; most of the factories were just torn up and sold like that ; most of the irrigation pipes in the south of romania , too ( now that south is being neglected and is slowly becoming a large arid and unfertile place ) . 
  and that 's just one small part ...
