  all nations committed war-crimes out of different reasons . 
  does it make the nazi-crimes any better ? 
  hell no . 
  does this make germany a especially blood-thirsty nation , no as well i wo n't say that the nazi 's were n't insane bastards and that they did the most evil things imaginable , but what we have to remember first is that the first nation they took over was germany . 
  and for that , we have to analyse how a small group of people ( and yes , nazi 's were a small group of germans , but they were able , due to propaganda , mass-reeducation and fear to lead germany as a whole ) were able to do that . 
  what made the people go into the arms of extremists , what made them so hard and hatefilled . 
  and yes , the situation after wwi , including the treaty of versaille , including the economic disaster that was germany , including the humiliation and false accusations , including the black friday that destroyed the hopes of a better tomorrow . 
  these were all reasons how the nazi-party was able to rise . 
  this in addition with a flawed constitution that enabled a few to use its mechanism to destroy what democracy there was . 
  only if we start to understand all this , we can prevent something like that happening , we can understand the extremists-progaganda and what methods are used . 
  we start to fear movements like we see them all over europe , as we see with trump ( and with israel as well ) . 
  edit : since this jackass delted his comment , here it is again :  there was little difference between the nazi party and the average german sentiments , they were the same . 
  it was a product not of humiliation but of german-rooted authoritarian and ubermensch mentatility which of course pre-dated ww2 . 
   and with israel as well  was waiting for the anti-semite in the german , schwein . 
  and my response :  where am i an anti-semite ? 
  all i say is that the state of israel and its government are extreamly right-winged and thereby starting to be worrysome . 
   what i do n't say is that jews are bad or that jews are doing that . 
  there is a difference with diffaming a complete population and the government for doing something , that is what you are doing , showing quite a nazi-mentality here , since you generalize in order to make your point , by blaming the nature of people instead of the political , economical and sociological structures and situations . 
  by not trying to understand the tools that were used to form the people , but by condaming a complete group of people . 
  so , basically , you proove me right here that there are problmes with movments like yours in israel , by condaming all people that criticice israel with anti-semites . 
   i for my part are beyond this backward naziresk behaviour because i learned , and i am also beyond the nazi-guild insofar that i do n't make a special measurment to judge jews behaviour apart from other 's , what i take from germany 's past is that we have to stay a beackon of remembering so that it does not happen again , neihter here , nor anywhere else , and that when we see signs of it happening again , that we have to make our voices heard , as the descendent of people that were sucked into madness one time . 
   for my part , i do n't have problem with jews as such , i loved visiting the synagogoues , i am interested in the differences between jewish and christian religion , i like kletzma , and i welcom any jew with open arms that has similar values of openess and understanding . 
  but that does not mean that i have to open my arms for a right-wing politicians , neither from israel , nor from our homegrown afd !, 
  edit 2 : well , this was an interesting conversation i had over pm with an isreali nazi . 
  if that guy is a picture of what is happening in isreal right now - well , i am worried :( . 
  ehm , germany was already beaten down , the peace-treaty was a formality . 
  what you are talking about is the dagger-legend , but the truth is , germany was completly beaten . 
  otherwise , germany would have never signed such a treaty that dumped all the blaim on them , that forced them to impossible reperations and that basically set the first stone for wwii . 
  and i do n't know what crimes you mean . 
  during wwi , all of europe basically did the same crimes against humanity , no side was really better than the other , or in the right . 
  also , germany payed alot after wwi , that was the problem that made hitler possible . 
  that and the fact that germans felt beaten and humiliated ( by pushing all blame that everybody deserved on them alone ) and , as it happens regularly when you beat someone up and humiliates , he becomes angry and irrational . 
  the thing you should consider about berlin is that berlin is basically a construct of different cities that grew into each other and than were intigtrated into berlin . 
  every district was in the past a own identity . 
  for example zehlendorf , the place where i lived , was their own community until the 1920 and just than was intigrated into berlin . 
  that leads to a heavily decentralized city with distinct different characteristics . 
  so , the rule that the life of a city is its center , like it applies for some parts to paris or london is not true for berlin . 
  when you think one part is not nice , try see a different part , maybe it suits you more :d . 
  edit : also , what you could do is make a trip to potsdam , the neighbouring city . 
  there you could visit [ sanssouci ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sanssouci_park ) , this park alone is worht to spend a day in ( if you like this sort of parks ), 
  also , it was n't really the birhtplace of wwi , if you want to look for that , you have either look for sarajevo or for austria . 
  germany just gave a blank-promise to enter the war to austria to give them more leverage , but as far as i remember some historian documentaries , this was given out in the idea that it would n't be used . 
  it was rather like your parents sign the contract of your first glat with you , it is still you are supposed to pay the rent , only the parents will hand in there if anything turns bad . 
  the thing that germany is the cause for wwi , or the birthplace , or whatever , is also rather a consequence of the treaty of versailles than historical truth . 
  wwi was caused by a fuckup of all of europe , including germany , but basically all the major nations of that time played their role and have a fair share in what caused it . 
  but in the end , the looser is at fault and the history is written by the winners , at this way , the blame went all to germany instead . 
  what i would suggest is that you visit , apart of the usual tourist stuff , also the green parts of berlin . 
  most people only visit the central districs , neglecting most of the beauty of the other parts . 
  i lived in zehlendorf , the most south-western district , and basically was in the middle of a big forest ( it is called `` grunewald '' ) . 
  visit schlachtensee , or travel to moorlake ( probably best to use the s-bahn to wannsee and than a taxi , because the public transport is not that great there ) . 
  from moorlake , you can walk a forest-path to the peacock-island ( has this name for a reason ) . 
  also , maybe visit die museumsinsel ( museums island ) . 
  this is touristy , it is central , and it is amazing to see so much history at one place . 
  edit : should you really take this suggestion and take the walk from moorlake to the `` pfaueninsel '' , just a little tip . 
  moorlake is a little restaurant , i have no clue how good it is , was n't there in the last 10 years . 
  from there , there is a path that leads directly along the river havel . 
  go in the direction that the water is on your left side . 
  when you walk this path , you will soon see a staircase leading up , use it . 
  it can lead you two two different path , the middle-path is just a wonderful forest-path where you can see the water sometimes as well , the upper will lead you to another restaurant that is directly next to a really nice little church nikolskoe . 
  if you go either of these paths you will end at the pfaueninsel . 
   sad btw . 
  i think the us should have rather learned from the mistakes of others , but trump prooves that this did n't work . 
  man , does trumps elementary-way of speaking really spreads that easily . 
  hope this `` sad ! '', 
  is not so contagiouse that just your `` the_donald '' - presence here is enough to spread it . 
  sad !, 
  dammit !, 
   just look at greece . 
  if you would look at greece , than you would see that during all the argumentatino between europe and greece , at least the majority , regularly even all other nations apart from greece , agreed to the european plan . 
  the only thing is that germany is the biggest one , and because of that the other nations like to let them run forward for everything unpleasent to shift the blame on germany if anything does not work out . 
  also , sch\u00e4uble is the longest-serving finance-minister of europe , so his word has wheight not only because he is german , but because he knows his job very well . 
  if you want to see what happens if germany really tries to go its way against europe , than see at the refugee-situation . 
  a all-european idea was what germany wanted , and actually , it would have resolved the problems we have rather easily , but the rest of europe did n't want that , so it did n't work out . 
  germany only seems to lead because there are a lot of nations regularly agreeing to germany 's position and let germany speak for them . 
  only when there is no risk in getting an open outcry from everyone , the small nations come forward and speak loud . 
  germany leads because the nations let them lead . 
  well , the problem with 1848 was that they were not radical enough - and not swift enough . 
  without the thought that they could establish a parlimantarian monarchy without the insentive comming from the monarch , the revolution could have worked . 
  and if they would n't have needed so damn long for the constitution , but would have rode on the waive immidiatly to wash over the existing governmental system . 
  well , but if we have listend to bismark , we would n't have been on the loosing side . 
  if kaiser wilhelm ii . 
  would n't have changed the satisfaction-policy with the place-under-the-sun idea , we would have been part of a great coalition and france would have probably been on the loosing end . 
  well , the nerve is that the acusation that germany is a bloodthirsty and wardrunken nation is pretty wide-spread . 
  it happend several time to me that people really meant that germany is the most violent and blood thirsty culture in existance , that it always was and will always be , and that we are only waiting to launch death and distruction on the world again . 
  your comment fit perfectly into this discription , basically they advocate that the morgentau-plan would have been the only way to stop us monsters from destroying everything . 
  so , all in all , i agree that wwii and the crimes commited in that time are beyond believe , that these were one of the most violent acts of inhumanity ever done . 
  it just seemed that you wanted to make another point than the ongoing argumentaiton of you than revealed . 
  correction : every second . 
  the death-toll was roughly 50 % when you look over all of germany , in some regions even 90 % . 
  so , you single out 100 years of german history for this specific reasoning ? 
  you know that germany has a history dating a thousand years , the first establishment of something like germany was by otto i. in the 10th century . 
  agreed , there were some major changes in what was germany , which areas belonged to them ( in the beginning of the holy roman empire of german nation it was basically half of europe ) , the german state we have today is a legal continuation of this old empire . 
  and , due to the political and govermental structure of the always rather divided nation that had always a way stronger state-structure ( basically over some times rather a clusterfuck ) , they were , for the most part of its history , obsessed with internal struggle instead of fighting over all of europe . 
  actually , the german kaiser were the only major monarch who 's duty it was to solely defend the holy roman empire , not expend it . 
  there were fights also about expending , but that were rather the small lords and kings that had a lot of autonomy in their states , but for most parts , the holy roman empire was quiter on the historical scale than , for example , england , who raged basically a constant war with france . 
  and if you look in the more modern times , than the birtish empire and their slaughtering all over the world should n't be negelcted as well . 
  the death-toll ca n't be neglected as well . 
  furthermore , to blame german solely for wwi is a post-war decision made in the treaty of versaille , in modern times , the view on that changed quite alot , considering that this was basically a fuck-up of all europe . 
  before wwi , all of europe started to gain colonies all over the world , but the longer that went , the less available land were , and the more the conflict about the remaining territories tensed , and germany was just the drop that made caused the explosion because , since germany was so late in the game of colonalization , they were a threat to the other nations that wanted more power and more territory . 
  so , all in all , you argumentation is false , germany is not especially blood-thirsty , but had a major fuck up with wwii , but this one can also be argued rather by the desperate situation after wwi than with bloodthirsty germans .
