  i do n't know how it is about promises to give something to charity , if that is in the us a problem . 
  also , in germany , if you form a contract and it comes into affect , the only result is that it formes an obligation to transfer ownership . 
  the transfer of ownership itself is its own form of contract that is completly one-sided . 
  well , it is contrary to one of our most fundamental contract theories which is a litttle bit strange as well . 
  in germany , there is a distiction between the contract of obligation and the contract of transfer of ownership . 
  this means that the normal contract you do when you buy stuff is in the first place only a contract about obligation to transfer the ownership . 
  the action to transfer obligation is something different and only one-sided . 
  so , if i buy a paper in the store , there are in reality three contracts , first about he obligation to exchange money vs. paper , than one about the transfer of ownership of the money and one about the transfer of ownership of the paper . 
  normally , all that happens at the same time withlut anyone caring ( or even knowing about it , you only really learn that as a lawyer :d ) , but these three contracts can fall apart and the invalidity of one of these contracts does not necesserely mean the invalidity of the others ( if the obligation treaty is only invalid , you get the right to demand the transfer of ownership back , but kt does not happen automatically ) . 
  alone because of that , a legql concept like consideration is impossible . 
  well , legal ideas and concept are often quite old and came from a rich and long culture . 
  the common law dates back until william the conqueror who took over enland in the battle of hastings 1066 . 
  there were a lot of changes in the law of course , but the legal tradition still lives in modern day english and us law . 
  same with the continental europe common law that datas back to the roman law from a couple of centuries b.c. 
  that is also the reason why we still use for several concepts latin words , for example `` pacta sunt servanda '' , `` conditio qua non '' , `` cupla in contrahendo '' . 
  some of these ideas date back milenia , some of them are more recent and they just made it latin so that it sound better :d . 
  but in fact , germany used a adjusted version of the roman law until 1900 until our current civil code went into force that , of course , took a lot of legal concepts over , but gave the law a complete new overhaul . 
  it is rather legal tradition . 
  this idea of consideration exists for centuries . 
  i just looked it up , it is a combination of a medival form of common law ( meaning english since they are the one that have common law ) contract and a legal concept thought by a frenchmen in the 18th century that was translated and became famouse among english judges . 
  no , not really . 
  i only know this because i visited a lecture of us contract law my university offered . 
  for me , that you demand consideration is really weired because it seems so random to put that into the contract law . 
  it is not really the word , but the concept of consideration in contracts . 
  in the us-legal contract theory , consideration is an essential part of to form a contract . 
  it means that there has to be an exchange of both parties in any form to form a contract to be legally binding . 
  because of that , a present is not a contract , nor the promise to give you something without receiving at least something . 
  that is something that simply does not exist in my nation since here , a one-sided contract is just as valid as a two-sided contract . 
  there is one important factor in it : paper is more difficult to manipulate , raw digital data are not trusted as much as a piece of paper in your handwriting with your signature under it . 
  if there is something to proove , the cout will prefer signatures over digital scribbles or anything else . 
  also , if necessary , you lock paper behind a door and never let anyone in . 
  if you want to steal / delet data , you need a good computer and can do it everywhere , for a paper , you need the key to that room . 
  that is the reason why most systems where anyone fears that you might sue them , or where you accept to be sliced open , or in cases of court-hearings , that complete stuff stays on paper . 
  well , that 's true . 
  have n't really thought about this special exeption :d, 
  and die linke has quite some ties with russia , but that is mostly due to the historical connections of the sed , with the linke is a successor from . 
  that leaves the unique situation that the right-wing party and the left-wing party agree upon a close friend , even when , in special die linke , is riminded about that fact . 
  volume is generally only used for real fluids , like milk or water , but never for anything solid like sugar or flour . 
  well , it might depend on your own university and your field of study , but i never heard of a nation that makes erasmus mandatory . 
  at least in my university , it is something you do because you want to do it , not because you have to . 
  probably, 
  as long as you do n't step over the `` incitment of hatred '' - paragraph of our criminal code , everything is fine . 
  there are two sides . 
  if i would be in the us , i would probably join one of the peaceful protests , but would get the fuck out of there if they become violent because than , the people are not representing anything of what i would stand for . 
  trump is a peacock , and he should never feel that , as long as he does not make a u-turn in all his controversial policies and worldviews , that he represents the people he governs over . 
  if people see a man on their top that has so much facistic tendencies , i think it is their civic duty to make their voice heard , because as long as there is a strong opposition , the leader have to show their real face by either working with them or by deploying police forces to brutally smash the protest down , but than he showed his true colors . 
  it fights against a secret transformation of state , but forces these things in the open , and that it what should happen . 
  [ sauerbraten ] ( http://home.arcor.de/w.goltz/lieblingsgerichte/sauerbraten/sauerbraten.jpg ) ( beef that was pickled for up to a week in spiced vinige ) [ rouladen ] ( http://static.chefkoch-cdn.de/ck.de/rezepte/213/213328/872326-960x720-rinderrouladen-klassisch.jpg ) ( a thin piece of beef that is spiced with mustard , and than rolled up with bacon , there is also a pickle in the middle ), 
  a war between the catholic and the protestand church that nearly killed half of the german population . 
  i agree that there is more resistance in the us as well , but as a matter of fact , hitler never got elected by the people . 
  in the end he had around 42 % of the votes . 
  hindenburg thought he could controle this bafoon of hitler and , by using his popularity , controlte the fate of germany . 
  hitler on his side used his position and his private little military of the sa , to prevent the communist party to participate in the enabling act , also intimidated the other politicians so that he rose to power . 
  so , no , not everybody fell for it , but hitler took over the nation with a coup d'etat and than created a system in which people thinking otherwise were silenced and where is ideals were indoctrinated into the german 's minds . 
  but honestly , in the current us-system , that would n't change much than a normal fptp . 
  there are only two vaiable parties and so , the first round would always end with these two , and than we would be back to the classical fptp , only that the smallest third parties would be eliminated that already have not that much inflence . 
  when you elect the head of state , anything else than a majoritarian voting system is not possible since it is one position for one man ( or woman ) . 
  so , there is no way around fptp . 
  the electoral collage on the other hand creates a vast inequality for the votes . 
  a vote in some states is more than 10 times more worth than in another state , it discourage people from voting in states that are already lost for them , it creates a situation just like now where the president got more than 200.000 votes less than the looser . 
  but for the congress , yes - fptp is the most stupid thing ever . 
  to make it more clear , the volksverhetzung is not roughly similar to hate speech , for someone who has no clue about the european tradition of hate-speech , but only the us-one , this might be very missleading to say . 
  the hate-speech discussion in the us is about `` nobody should be offended by hateful words as long as they are not sufficient to cause immidate violent outbursts '' . 
  the hate-speech discussion is therefor rather about the way the insults are received by the people insulted . 
  that is not the case in the laws against incitment of hatred . 
  here , we think also that people have to bear hateful words ( to an extend , everything above is rather an insult than incitment of hatred though ) . 
  what the aim of the law is how people that are on the side of the hackler react to these words . 
  if it is sufficient to raise their hatred , their anger , and it is aimed to be part of sending these people to a breakting point so that it might turn into violence , that is an offence under this law . 
  these expression aimed to incite hatred sufficient to archieve that can have all sorts of forms , but this incitment ca n't happen only on accident , but has to be purposly crafted that way . 
  it also not have to be aimed at a certain person to incite especially him , but it is sufficient to be expressed in a situation others , even wtihout your knowledge who it is in special , can get exitet like that . 
  so , the punishable action is demagogic speech that is aimed against `` the others '' , if it is a imam that preaches the jihad , or a nazi that preaches to shoot down refugees . 
  it confirms my theory that every nation with a sufficient demagogue that can read the situation can come down like germany 1933 . 
  america is not there yet , but that is more for pure luck and that trump did n't had enough time to do anything realy . 
  but if rudy giuliani becomes really minister of justice and this breitbart moron head of staff , the world might really get into a hell lot of trouble . 
  well , merkel did a quite interesting thing , congratulating trump for the winning , offer close relationship , but only under the condition that the human rights and the equality of face , skin-color , sex , sexuality etx is honored . 
  that was a political fuck you completly unexpected from her . 
  mussolini and erdogan yes , but hitler was never elected . 
  his party rose in popluarity , but he never reached a majority enough to form a government . 
  instead , he was put into office by a president that thought he could controlle him and hitler was able , due to intimidation and the usage of followers of him in the police-froce to stage a coup etat ( by preventing the communist parties to come to parliament during the enabling act and the other 's he used manipulation and threatening so that even with a minority he was able to take over the power ), 
  not celebrated , but remembered as the first step down a road that ended in wwii . 
  basically , in school , it is intensly discussed how the post wwi conditions , beginning from the harsh conditions of the treaty of versaille , up to how the military pushed the blame from them away to the politicians , to the fight between political systems , how that all contributed to the frency that was the 1930 's . 
  ehm - the german military is in a very shitty state , something that is in hugh discussion the last years and is still not really fixed . 
  as i heard , the european armies said that we are in a very poor state in general and that , without the us , russia could role over half of the continent with just their manpower - even with their shitty equipment . 
   germany stands at about 8 000 eur / year . 
  not for him . 
  as a german citicen , he does not have to provide this amount of money . 
  but it will be really harsh to get in the university for psychology with an american degree . 
  so , you discribe just something that is perfectly legal under european law . 
  i can insult erdogan for example as much as i want , as long as i do n't say that i want to drown all turkish people in the meditaranian because of him . 
  the question is fore example , is the phrase `` it is sad that the concentrations camps were closed , we could use them for the refugees '' ( something like that was publically said during a pegida-race ) . 
  this does not call for an illegal deed ( he did n't say to reopen them , he only said that he is sorry that they are not open ) , but it is inciting hatred that is partly to blame for the attacks on refugee homes . 
  yes , because i doubt that drumpf could have been elected with such regulations in place , and that is positive in my book . 
  and by the way : we do n't have hate-speach-bans , we have reglation concerning incitment of hatred , which is something different . 
  hate-speech bans are concerned about the feelings of the people you insult , regulations concerning incitment of hatred is how your own friends react to your words and actions , and if you aim to cause hatred in your surrounding to agitate them to step into action . 
  probably a increase of cooperation between the eu , in special concerning the eu military . 
  without the big player usa , it is necessary for europe to speak more with a combined voice . 
  but are there really cases where this is enforced ? 
  ( do n't really know since , this law is not much discussed during studies ) first , the law states that the way to say it has to be capable to disturbe the public peace , something that is already quite a high burden to take . 
  and it has to be read in recognition of the constituional right of freedom of speach . 
  so , it is rather an old law that still exists , but because it is not really used there is no real interest to change it .
