  and that is - sorry to say it that insensitivly - the insanity that keep the us in the clutches of the nra . 
  feeling safer is worthless when it puts you in more danger , it is just dreamwork when it end up causing hundrets to die . 
  actually , i would feel massivly unsafe when more and more people have guns , i could n't feel safe anymore . 
  also , more people woudl get shot by police since the police has to assume every wrong move is a move to a gun , and soon we have a similar situation to the us . 
  no , thank you , imaginary safty is not worth lives . 
  yeah , but weapon-dealers , as all black market dealers , are way more lickly to be controlled by police / police even make undercover-missions to bust weapon-dealers . 
  so , the act of buying alone can bust a terror-attempt as long as buying a weapon is illegal !, 
  yeah , because make it easier for the terrorists or other assholes to get their hand on weapons ( more legal weapons make it easier to get illegal as well ) . 
  we wo n't have an attack occasionally than , but every single day !, 
  that said , the economical hit in germany of lower tourism-rates will hit us not nearly as bad as for example the current tourism-crisis in turkey or in egypt since germany 's economic strength does not really lie in the tourism-industry . 
  also , there might be the sentiment within the general public , but companies are still very aware of the true circumstances . 
  after the brexit-vote , a hell lot of companies that are looking for new european headquaters are searching now within germany 's borders . 
  the funny thing is that they , at least the americans , are here still much saver than in their own nation :d . 
  desipte the influx of refugees ( and , let 's be real , also economical migrants from eastern europe and some nothern african nations ) , there is not that much rise in criminality and germany is still a pretty safe space . 
  the problem is that people do n't believe you when you tell them that you be on a daily basis in `` danger zones '' and say it is perfectly safe . 
  i travel through cologne mainstation regularly and you feel perfectly safe . 
  the thing is , people do n't want to hear that because it does not fit their own narrative . 
  well , from what i found , i would call it `` no education '' ; `` school-degree '' and `` higher education '' . 
  the definitions are broad enough that everybody can understand them and give also some idea of what is meant . 
  you should include the meaning of the different education-steps . 
  it might be clear in your nation , but i had difficulties to identify these stages . 
  i just assumed it out of the context , but these terms are not commenly used here . 
  my family was pretty open with drinking , if i wanted to try something , it was okay , and so i tried the stuff my mom liks which was always quite bitter , and even the non-bitter stuff - well , i really disliked the alcohol-taste . 
  because of that , i never really drunk anything until i was 18 when i was invited to a birthday-party and i told the host that i had no clue about drinking . 
  well , the host was an asshole and decided to mix my drinks for the night . 
  i have no clue what that stuff was , but it was pretty strong - . - . 
  but still , i stopped at one point and because of that i was the only member of the party who has all memories of that night :d . 
  edit : since i see here that even little tasting was included : i think it was beer , maybe at the age of 13 or 14 , hated it :d . 
  well , the discussion about the austrian part ( hungarian was never in the discussion to become part of germany ) was mostly adressed during the constitution of the paul 's church which never came into effect . 
  and about bavaria , well , i ca n't remember much about these stories from the time in the school . 
  i only remember a little bit about the war bismark waged against austria , but that in the context of his idea not to annex land from austria afterwards in order not to anger anyone . 
  the rest is mostly about how the war against france and how it was used to unify germany . 
  and india , i mainly remember the stories about ghandi , but there was not that much more . 
  german here . 
  we did n't really had an empire , but we have a few colonies as well ( and did also several atrocities there ) . 
  we discussed the colonies mostly in their connection with the different policies of bismark and kaiser wilhelm ii , where bismark persued a policy of no colonies ( the so called satisfaction-policy ) since he thought that the persue for colonies would create to much enemies within europe for the new formed german empire to handle and kaiser wilhelm who wanted `` a place under the sun '' by getting colonies and how this policy created more tension between the nations and germany . 
  but , what ecactly happened in the colonies , that was not really a part of our history lessons . 
  we rather learned about the british colonies , in special india and america . 
  edit : typo, 
  i actually thought that this would happen like that . 
  i never doubted that the uk would face extream obstacles if they decide for a brexit , something that would harm other exit-movements since everybody starts to fear of the consequences . 
  go to the jobcenter , they should help you with all of that . 
  they should help you as well with the rights of your son . 
  germany : the costs depends on how many lessons you take . 
  the minimum is around 1.000 $ , but most people need more lessons as the absolute minimum . 
  so , normally , it can go up to 1.500 $ , but when you are really bad in this , it can get much more expensive . 
  it is mandatory to take theoretical and practical lessons . 
  the theoretical lessons include all what you need to know , from the meaning of all signs , the rules of right of way , the rules of the autobahn , technical knowledge about car , rules how to act in cases of accidents and more . 
  the practical lessons include driving overland , driving in the city , driving on the autobahn and drivng at night . 
  there is generally no way to skip lessons since there is no legal way to learn driving in germany other than with a driving teacher . 
  for example , there is no lerner 's permit so that your parents can teach you . 
  also , the driving teacher is there that you learn driving without the mistakes your parents or an unprofessional driving-teacher would give you . 
  so , even when you know a little bit about driving , these lessons would be used to make sure that you do n't do things you thought were correct . 
  the only excaption of the rule is if you have a foreign drivers license , in special one from the u.s. 
  depending on the state you are from , it is enough to take a few theoretical lessons . 
  basically every adult i know get a drivers license . 
  it has to be said though that you can only get a license at the age of 18 ( there is also a special kind of license when you are 17 , but than you have to drive with your parents all the time until you are 18 ) and about driving in other eu-nations , yes , i can drive wherever i want with my license . 
  german here . 
  for me , the human rights should be a central part of the society , and so i felt rather proud when germany was one of the few voices that actually wanted to do something in a national scale for refugees . 
  said that , human rights has to be interpreted with common sense , just as any other law as well . 
  because of that , i want to speak about the muslim schools . 
  one major aspect that is really necessary for any kind of group within a society is at least the attempt to include yourself in the society you are living in . 
  one part of that are schools , because it is the first place young minds can meet with others and learn something apart from the views of their own families . 
  the thing about a muslim school in denmark is not for me that it would be muslim , but that the people sending their children there want to seperate not only themselves , but the next generation as well as far from the people of the society that does not belong to their minority as possible . 
  and i think , here , the responsibility of the state kicks in to give children at least a chance to develope themselves inside the community , even against the will of their parents . 
  for that , i would like you to read art . 
  26 , paragraph 2 :  education shall be directed to the full development of the human personality and to the strengthening of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms . 
  it shall promote understanding , tolerance and friendship among all nations , racial or religious groups , and shall further the activities of the united nations for the maintenance of peace . 
  in the end , human rights are about balance of the interests of all people involved , the right of the parents to decide for their children , but also the rights of the children to be given the best oportunities as well to develop themselves further . 
  and in regard to a muslim school within denmark , the possible ristriction of the possibilities for the children to florish in a society is a much heavier burden than for the parents not to decide the school from their children will attent . 
  well , euthenisia is illegal , but as far as i understand assisted suicide , it means that you help someone else to commit suicide , and that is acutally legal , but , at least for a physician , not advisable . 
  first the legal aspect : suicide is not a crime in germany , thus you ca n't be charged assisting it . 
  the relevant part is that the suicidal person has to commit the death-causing action themselves . 
  you can give someone a glass full of poision , as long as this person willingly drinks it , providing the poinsion is not illegal . 
  the thing with physicians is that they are bound by the oath of hippocras , and that the medical assosciations , which set the professional standarts , prohibits the assistance . 
  if a physician still does it , he might loose his license ( but i am not sure if there are state-to-state differences since the professional standards vary by the different state assosications ) . 
  i remember the news that policement , after they had to take a mother away for questioning , started to prepare dinner for her children and stayed with them for a while . 
  something that i heard , in special in contrast to the us , german ( and probably dutch ) policemen are not really feared ( at least not from the general public ) . 
   what benefits the eu gives the average person from their nation being in it ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptfmay6m6aa just one example , but there are a lot more regularions that benefit the single person . 
  for example , the eu is strong in regulations for consumer rights any reason . 
   equally , eu will lose its most vibrant financial market . 
  that is not really true , the financial market will just be relocated . 
  the stock-market and its demand will not disappear just because the uk leaves , and money is the easiest thing to run to flow out of a nation to a new , more convinient location . 
  at them moments , the big banks already make preperations to move big parts of their uk branches to frankfurt , paris and dublin to continue their trade there . 
  their theory ( what might be ture ) is that the markets will only stabilize if it is clear if art . 
  50 gets evoked or not . 
  until now , a lot of investions in the uk will set on hold , and if art . 
  50 gets evoked , that the run out of the uk starts . 
  they want to minimize this time of uncertainty so that the market can adjust to a new final situation . 
   however ... if after article 50 is invoked and the negotiation process has been gone through it would as far as i can see be possible for a government ( and parliament ) to say , regretfully , that they think we 're getting a bad deal and either refuse to sign the separation treaty and repeal the single european act of 1973 ( ? ), 
  or put it to another referendum . 
  well , when the seperatin-treaty does not get signed , than not only one treatey ( according to wikipedia is the treaty of 1985 ) will be terminated , but all [ european treaties ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/collection/eu-law/treaties-force.html?locale=en ) + a few more ( i know that at least , if uk would be member , schengen would be revoced . 
  but i am sure there are a few more that i do n't know about yet ) . 
  i think there is the possibility to stop the art . 
  50 process if the uk chickens out and ask if they can stay . 
   two and a bit years to sort things out , the question is , which other eu countries have an election in that time and how will they be affected by this ? 
  germany has a general election coming up soon does n't it ? 
  what are the positions of merkel 's rivals . 
  well , there is quite the demand that merkel pushed the uk to declare art .
