  what i like about him is that he is not afraid to really talk about issues that exist , but without demonizing them , but rather attack the people abusing the existing problems to give short and stupid answers to please the screaming masses . 
  one comment of him comes in my mind , also during the last year-review . 
  he said that , after the new-years-eve in collogne , it was the first time that we really could talk as a society about problems that exists within certain groups of foreign immigrants here , but that this was destroyed by people ( pegida / afd / csu ) that abused this short span of openess to adress problem by boasting their discriminatory agenda . 
  basically , he does what i hope becomes more the norm of the society ( in special with the people that are beyond central left ) , that is actually okay to talk about some problems that exist , but thereby not falling either into denial or into short-minded rethoric and demonisations , but acknowleding the complexity of the problem and that solutions mean sacrificies on all sides . 
  at the moment , only the extremists have the monopoly on solutions for existing uncomfortable problems , because they are the only one that adress them directly and than give their braindead solutions that people that see the problems , but do n't see them adressed ( and that are not capable of recognizing the stupidity of these solutions ) eat like it is gold . 
  we have to strip these extremist from their interpritation-monopoly , and i think nuhr is one of the frontrunners of this ideal . 
  and yes , because he adresses some topics that are normally only adressed by hard-right-people , people see him sometimes in the wrong light , which i think it is really sad . 
  for pispers that is very true . 
  but i would n't call nuhr really right-wingd , rather a conservative centralist . 
  every year he does a yearly review , and in the last one he closed with a call for the political middle , that people that are out of principle right - or left-winged are just going the easy way and that trying to evaluate every political problems not by an agenda , but by facts , takes way more than just going always the same way . 
  he insults left and right the same , but does not fear to attack even the one that are , for example normally spared by the left , like criminal organizations that are clearly run by members of certain nationalities . 
  but at the same time , he is pro-refugees , but saying that we can only care for the real refugees when we are harder on the illegal economic immigrants . 
  basically , that is what i like about him , that he actually tries to acknowledge both sides of the spectrum . 
  he pisses thereby the people off that are on both sides of the spectrum and that do n't want to acknowledge that there is something more than their own view . 
  pispers on the other hand annoys me because he is , in my view , terribly one-sided , going a left-winge agenda and thereby purposly ignoring half of the facts , making his satire rather pointless . 
  i had a few indian exchange-students in english-thought courses , and it was plainly impossible to understand a single word from them ( and that includes our lecturor who is a american lawyer ) . 
  and i am the opposit , i ca n't stand volker pispers . 
  the test include reverse parking , emergency breaking , and they navigate you through areas that proove your driving skils . 
  the driving-teacher is with you in the car on the passanger 's seat , the tester on the backseat , and the complete test is on the open road . 
  when you do a mistake and the teacher has to intervene , you fail completly . 
  if you do n't fail like that , the tester will make notes of every mistake you did and than dicides through that if you pass or fail . 
  well , some scatch-shows are intertaining , and i really like some of the cabaret-artists . 
  for all that are not that familiar with cabaret-shows , basically , it is a form stand-up-commidian that has the main focus on political themes . 
  one of my favorite cabaret-artists is dieter nuhr , but he is a bit controversial , and a lot of people actually loath him . 
  so , a quick search in your history did n't really reveal where you are from , so my first advice : before you start this journey , take an hour from a driving-school that introduces you to the local driving-rules . 
  if you do n't know the basic driving-rules that are applicable here ( for example , in the us , you are allowed to take over on the right while driving on a highway , something that is completly forbidden here ) . 
  if you do n't know them , people ( including you ) might die . 
  also , do n't get tempted and try to drive in germany as far as you can if you are not used to high-speed driving . 
  the autobahn is a way for people to travel and to use on a daily basis , not a race-track . 
  after i finished to adress the typical stuff that everyone who wants to drive here should know to what you actually asked . 
  if you want to stop in cologne or d\u00fcsseldorf , but most likly in the other places as well , i would suggest you look for a nice park & drive a little bit outside and jump into the public transport . 
  in special driving in cologne is a nightmare , and it is pretty difficult to get a parking-spot . 
  it is easier to jump from sightseeing-point to sightseeing-point on foot or with the local transport than with a car . 
  the same is with d\u00fcsseldorf , just that there , the complete city-center is still a big construction-ground . 
  it will not really spoil the areas you want to see , but it is difficult for an outside to find the way by car ( in special when the streets changed again due to the constructions and the navi does not know that ) . 
  cologne and d\u00fcsseldorf are both worth a visit , d\u00fcsseldorf has an interesting old-city-part with rich history , cologne has the dome and also a hell lot of attractions ( including the chocolate-museum  ) . 
  well , apart of the babel filmstudios near berlin , i ca n't think of such a location here . 
  just two lesson ? 
  well , it is different from state to state , but i remeber that this was quite the subject in history , the different cursades and even the child-crusade was mentioned . 
  one of my favorite bands made a [ song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zprf5gjpmmy ) about it . 
  since i ca n't find a translation , i try to make ( a loose ) one :  it rise the wail , the spiritual soule is shaking . 
   the heathens-mob is preparing to take the holy city  which threat to christianity , something has to happen  so the authority dicided : the folk are going to fight !, 
   --------------------------------  at once the masses start to rise and the bodies quiver  and when someone has horror , he cares for the spiritual life  of his brother , his sons , his slackers , he sends them to the pack  fighting mouth do n't eat and bring opulent loot  -----------------------------------  far over the sea  where the dreams , longing and hope lives  far over the sea  where legends cherish  speaks the crescent moon of peace  far over the sea  there shines a star  -------------------------------------------  there stand the souls full of hope . 
  pope urban speaks the blessing  the dream of fame , luck and gold can make stupid minds move  the ships set sail towards the crescent moon  proudly swollen the hero 's chest , the look sparkels keen  -----------------------------------------  there fought some battle , some pleagues raged ;  they endured much torment , and that what you pledged  the heroric deed , fame and money , the long longed happines  stayed displicably out , beaten they came home  -------------------------------------  far over the sea  where the dreams , longing and hope lives  far over the sea  where legends cherish  speaks the crescent moon of peace  far over the sea  there shines a star  ------------------------------------  a cripple stands at the road , a drunkard there at the tun  the dreams of the blessed land became pure hatred  `` but a place in the paradise will the lord give you as reward ! '', 
   said the pope , the reward for that is the mockery of the word so , i took some liberties with the translation , it was already difficult enough to the rather unusual words in this song . 
  i took this effort because i think this songs captures quite a few sides of how the crusades are seen . 
  they were a part of our history , the people went into them with proud and honor , but it was just a big foolery , a disaster that caused countless of deaths . 
  a lot of the crusades never fought the muslims , but sloughtered the `` wrong-believers '' in europe , just as the is slaughters today people that believe in a different version of allah . 
  edit : forgot half of a stanca . 
  well , apart from drinking ( not that much though , at least not in london ) , i spend the time sightseeing , and we were able to get into the middle temple inn , even not during the dinners , and of course the supreme court ( may i mention that the organization is for law-students :d ) . 
  well - to be honest , two nights out with two or three drinks costed me more than a complete week i spend in wrozlaw indluding two very drunken nights :d . 
  but honestly , it was basically everything that was more expensive than i was used to . 
  i already bought several times in normal supermarkets instead of going out , i slept in a youth hostel and so on ( i was there with my student organization to meet the lodon-branch of this organization , so we already had insiders who showed us around ) . 
  but has the pound fallen enough that it can be seen as cheap ? 
  the last time i was in uk ( okay , it was london ) , it was insanly expensive . 
  are you really sure there will be hotels ? 
  i could imagine that this is only remotly possible when you drive in the buy at night in order to arrive at the next place on the next day - and even this is steep . 
  but nontheless , i hope you will enjoy this  . 
  and about the money : this is really hard to say without having the idea of what you intent to do where . 
  the costs are vastly different depending on where you are . 
  i spend a couple of days in poland a few month ago and man , i spend there for maybe 4-5 days the same amount of money i used in london in a day ( okay , maybe slightly overexagguraded , but not that much ) . 
  i think i saw a hitchhiker once , but i am not really sure if i remember it correctly , i was quite young . 
  but apart from that , no hitchhikers ever seen . 
  yeah , but von storch and petry are a joke in themselve . 
  what makes seehofer more controversial than these two is that he is actually in a position of power while he is loosing his connection to the constitution with all his proposals and is fitting mroe and more into the afd-mindset . 
  hm , maybe seehofer . 
  he has influence in the government , but is turning his trying to hunt our right-wing-party afd with similar ideas . 
  well , they are mentioned in the constitution and the protection of animal rights is a state goal : art . 
  20a gg  mindful also of its responsibility toward future generations , the state shall protect the natural foundations of life and animals by legislation and , in accordance with law and justice , by executive and judicial action , all within the framework of the constitutional order . 
  but at the same time they are mainly treated ad things : section 90a animals \u00a7 90a bgb  animals are not things . 
  they are protected by special statutes . 
  they are governed by the provisions that apply to things , with the necessary modifications , except insofar as otherwise provided . 
  as long as people will recognize you as american , people will ask you what the hell is happening in the us , how someone like trump could become president . 
  there is quite a lot of interest for american politics at the moment , or at least among people that speak well enough english since then it is more likly that they have such interests . 
  well , there are some tests here . 
  but not very often . 
  before starting studying , i worked for half a year in a gasstation , and there was no tests at all , but we did n't sell to minor 's either . 
  i should n't even sell alcohol to young adults when it was obviouse that they were just buying it for younger teens . 
  had this once around carnival . 
  where are you from that tabacco can be bought legally at the age of 16 ? 
  here , it is not under 18 . 
  and again , it does not mean that op thinks that this was a good thing to do . 
  there is only hypocrisy if this person has a history of speeking about russian glory and the wonderful russian way to deal with things . 
  i think we should let people dicide , and what the pre-ww-stiuation was should not really play too much of a role . 
  i think all of europe is happy if these claims `` but a hundret years ago this was mine '' is not comming up anymore , too many nations would have reason to argue on this basis that other 's territories should belong to them ( just look at the pre-ww-borders of germany ) . 
  therefor , after the end of the soviet union , the nations broke apart in the way they did , and only when it is the will of the people living there , not because of former national borders , but because of the will of the citicens to belong to some other nation , that is the only reason why borders in europe should change ever again . 
  i think we should distinguish between nations and single citicens of these nations . 
  when this complete ukraine-disaster happend , i met russian students during an international congress that were not only really great guys , but just as angry as any westerners at their government for doing this . 
  i also know turkish citicens who are great people and are personally extreamly against erdogan . 
  so , just because op 's president is notoriouse for doing so does not mean that op agrees with that , and as long as he is no supporter of putin , i do n't see any hypocrisy . 
  hm , maybe `` schloss '' . 
  it can mean castle and lock , so i can secure my schloss with a schloss . 
  probably 4 and 5 4 because of the downplay of nazi-crimes which is as such already incitment of hatred since it is used to make their actions less dispicable , thereby making it sound like they were reasonable . 
  5 because it is incitment of hatred , and it is an evaluation with an isult . 
  but remember , it is all about the context in which it is said , therefor , the comments 2 and 3 could , in the right context , also be seen as incitment of hatred 1 and 6 are either impossible to be incitment of hatred , or are very unlikly to be . 
  the first one is basically in every context legal . 
  also the last one , here , it is less likly to be illegal since it is not aimed at people , but at a state , and the only context that could be illegal might be when it is a discussion about how to kill chinese people , and when `` destroyed '' means `` slaughtered '' , than it might be illegal , but in no other context . 
  not in the eu , but in the us  ( at least as far as i heard ) . 
  deny the holocaust , taboo for obviouse reason , illegal also for good reasons . 
  never heard this term before , therefor not sure if / s or not .
