  the imprisonment without hope of perole or any legal procedure that set can you free after a time served appropriate for the crime ( so for murder , at least 15-20 years , if rehabilitated ) is deemed as torture . 
  of course , it may happen that he would have spent the rest of his life in prison , but that would be up to him and his openes to the rehabilitation-mesueres . 
  and if he is deemed rehabilitated , than i would be okay to set him free after the time served , it all depends than on him . 
  nothing against that . 
  i just wanted to point out that this `` very agressive methods '' of the italian government ca n't be that perfect as it was discribed . 
  first of all , arrest and punishment should always be the main goal of a state of law , death is only the last resort to prevent immidiate life-threatening situations . 
  and that has nothing to do with `` pleasure out of this guy suffering '' . 
  but it would also prevent him from getting the title as martyr , it would have been way better if he just rots in a prison , getting forgotten so that his prestige in the radical islamist community would fade away . 
  now , he has this title , and the radical islmaist can use his persona for their purposes . 
  these numbers are from the german statistics office and are from the 14.12.16 . 
  also , these numbers count german nationals and foreign nationals as well , and the refugees / migrants are majorly muslim , so they are most likly counted as them as well . 
  murder is a life-sentecne here , which means in average 25 years , but it can easily be really life-long . 
  so , he would n't only get a few years , the liklyhood that he would get preventive detention is quite high . 
  and these people are normally in prisons where the people they have contact to will face similar long punishments , so even when he radicalizes someone , the one will not leave prison anytime soon enough to be a problem as well . 
  on the other hand , he did n't became a martyr , but have to face that he will spend the rest of his life in a cell without the hope to archieve any of his religiouse glories . 
  according to wikipedia , the current statistic says germany has 5,5 % muslims . 
  well , we have the problem that italy informed germany only one year after the arrival of anis amri in germany that he was in italian prison for arson and that he was a threat to society . 
  so , it would have been nice if they would have deportet him instead of giving us this guy . 
  i do n't really get what you are wanting to say . 
  all societies are in a constant state of changing , shifting and renewal . 
  the germany in 1990 is completly different to the germany we live in today , or 5 years ago , or in 10 years . 
  of course the societies will change , the question is in which direction . 
  if you try to referring to this idea of the islamisation of the west , than you are jumping on a hype-train that is rather born out of fears than of facts , but if you say that we have to rethink our approach to security of our own nation , and also of our position in the world ( in special after the strange stuff happening on the otheer side of the atlanic ) , than you are quite right . 
   ascertain where a person is from that is the same problem . 
  how do you ascertain where this person is from ? 
  genes ? 
  well , that you can base the origion of a person based on their genes is impossible . 
  speech : one idicator , but not perfect since speech patterns can be learned . 
  their stories : least reliable source of information . 
  how do you distinguish where a person is from ? 
  that is exactly the problems we are facing , and this process takes time and cooperation of the states these people are from to acertain this . 
   threaten sanctions on any african nation refusing to play by the rules . 
  the problem is that we have to proove them that they are their citicens in order to do such stuff . 
  and that is really tricky when you do n't have valid papers . 
  it is way easier to rant about such stuff than do actually look at the obstacles that are in the way , and how europe actually does their best to remove these obstacles . 
  but in international policies , such stuff does not work over night . 
   the us and australia detain asylum seekers . 
  well , first of all , try to detain all the asylum seekers we had in the last years , that would be kind of a logistical nightmare that would create a humanitarian crisis in no time . 
  and in special to take the australians as a role-model is quite problematic since their system is in violation of a hell lot of human rights , which are , and should be , sacro sanct in a modern democracy . 
  i do n't say that this situation causes problem , but the question is if it is worth it , in order to solve these problems , to start to dismantel the human rights we have . 
  but i agree that more has to be done . 
  it is not true that europe does not deport people , but that there are issues here , partly when the other nation does not take the illegal immigrants back , partly when illegal immigrants are handled to nicly so that they can escape . 
  i would be done for , if airlines refuse to take violent illegal immigrants back , that we deploy governmental aircrafts . 
  i am sure , we have within a month enough illegal immigrants from each african / middle eastern / eastern european nations that it would fill an airplain . 
  also , if the child suddenly disappears so that the family stay , say sorry to the rest of the family and tell them the child will be sent after them when he is found . 
  i think we have to fight against the excuses the illegal immigrants use to stay as well , but that does not mean that we can detend the asylum seekers completly , that will just out of practial reasons not work . 
  the migrant crisis is , when you see the european as one , just a minor obstacle , both economically and logistcly . 
  the problem starts when the union does not act as one , but all for themselves , because for every single nation , this is too much . 
  it was first too much for greece and italy who were n't able to handle the people comming to them , after that it was too much for the nations on the balkan-route that tried to contain the masses that greece was n't able to hold anymore , and than germany lifted some of the pressure of these other single states by stopping to use dublin ii to sent people back to the struggling nations since germany , even when the burden on them is also quite noticable , can handle it the best . 
  but nontheless , it creates problems here as well . 
  yeah , but this is something investigated by federal police and is organized by karlsruhe . 
  their fundings are not that bound as the state-police and i doubt that this case will face low funding . 
  you mean that i actually looked into the sources you provided to proove your point and showing that they actually disproove you ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i think that radical islam is a big problem , and that muslims have to intigrate properly , and i think that people not willing to intigrate should go from where they originate from , but we can only tackle the issues we have in our society by neither romantisizing the situation , nor by demonizing it , but rather by looking in an objective manner that tries to really see how it is , and i do n't see that the majority of the muslims are radical and agree with radicalism , and the ( primary ) sources you provided proove me actually right in that point . 
  i also think that `` traditional turkish upbringing '' with a strong male role-model with quite a lot of disrigard to the western society ( and woman ) exists and creates big criminality problems , leading to a , i think two or three times higher , criminality-rate of turks , and i also agree to a lot of other problems that i want to be tackled . 
  i want a more strict use of the criminal law since we are generally too nice with our jail-sentences to impress these kind of people . 
  but here again , we have first to look at the real picture , analysing the sources , the consequences and all , but not just relay on stereotypes that might block possible solutions befroe we even looked into them . 
   http://www.pewresearch.org/files/old-assets/pdf/muslim-americans.pdf#page=60 this graph shows that at worst in france , 64 % of muslims say that suicide bombing is never justified , which is actually the majority , but i agree , this number is disgustingly low . 
  but right below that it say that 83 % of german muslims say that it is never justified , which is also too low , but this is actually a proove that moderate muslims are by far the majority . 
   https://bibliothek.wzb.eu/pdf/2013/vi13-102.pdf i have literally no clue what you want to say with this source , i looked all over it , but could n't find anything more than information about how they conducted a reasearch , without even saying what they found . 
   https://www.icmunlimited.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/mulims-full-suite-data-plus-topline.pdf while 67 % of people oppose the formation of a islamic calphat , only 7 % agrees . 
  73 % oppose also the way isis tries to create a caliphat while only 3 % agree with it . 
  62 % of british muslims do n't understand how someone can be attracted to radicalism while 13 % do understand that . 
  also , about reporting the person directly to the police , only 34 % would do this after this study , but only 30 % of the non-muslim controle group answered this as well . 
  46 % would first try to talk with the person , 37 % would look for help , 27 % do n't believe they could know someone like that and 10 % have no clue . 
   http://europe.newsweek.com/16-french-citizens-support-isis-poll-finds-266795?rm=eu would take too long to really research this , but it say that 16 % support isis . 
  a high number , but far from a majority . 
  http://www.itv.com/news/2016-12-02/almost-half-of-british-muslims-would-not-report-is-links-to-police-report-says/ well , this source seems strange since , at least it seems , it is referring to the data of the source i just showed you the numbers , and this does not match . 
  also , it does not show the rest of the possible answers , so here is quite a heavy bias . 
  interesting is that basically every of your primary sources show that the rather moderate muslims are in the majority and disproove your point . 
  ehm , i am in favor for example for the idea of the cdu to get rid of the double-nationality because i think that a comitment to germany is necessary to stay here , and i am in favor to kick all salafists that we can get rid of out . 
  i am in favor of using the laws of incitment of hatred against radicalicing mosques and that we should get rid of saudi arabias influence into the german islam , that the fact that a mosque gets money from saudi arabia should be a reason enough to put this institution on th watch list . 
  also , i see a necessaty to break up subcultures that have developed , where radical believes can grow freely . 
  i can go on with this list . 
  but what i am not in favor of is to do generalizing where it does not fit , and personally , i do n't know these statistics , and in special not that they are posted here on a weekly basis . 
  well , we have here two datapoints against zero from you , since you are not willing to provide reliable sources https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5j8mc7/live_thread_truck_plows_into_christmas_market_in/dbe8gnd/, 
  than please , provide these reliable surveys about german muslims . 
  i do n't speak about people around the world . 
  i do n't speak about saudi arabia or other nations where , for example , wahabists , are pretty strong . 
  i speak about here , about germany , about my neighbours and university colleagues . 
  moderat are who are tollerant to people not sharing their faith , who act towards them like to everyone else , who do not try to convert others into their faith , but live it calmly for themselves . 
  and these , at least if you know muslims in your personal life , are the majority . 
  but rehabilitation is just as important . 
  these two have to be balanced . 
  a teenager is called teenager , because he is in his ten-years ( 10-19 ) . 
  also , the start intp puperty can start around that age . 
  when i was in school-holidays , a kid in my room had already the biggest bush imaginable ( for me at that age ) at the age of 12 while another had beens and sausage of a 5-year old . 
  so , the age already fits for early puperty insanity . 
  if you read in the scipture of christianity , you will find a hell of fucked up things as well . 
  but we do n't have people runngin around killing others because they ate meat on friday , and that is because how people life religion , and that is the same with islam just as much as well with christianity . 
  only extremist actually take the fucked up parts seriouse , and that is the reason why the extremists are the problem . 
  i was one year , maybe 2005 or 2006 , at `` under den linden '' ( backside of the brandenburger tor ) at new years eve . 
  once and never again , i am suprised that i got out there without severe burns and with all my limbs on my body . 
  well , i bet that there are an uncountable amount of cpu 's in that thing , and so , their completxity are also a part of wendelstein  . 
  wow , that is far more than we did , in special watching brith etc. 
  we learned about the reproductive circle and how the different sex-organs work , also we had to learn about every kind of contraceptive ( from this strange hook-thingy up to condoms ) including the way they work and the risks involved in how to use it . 
  on of the best homeworks in sex-ed was to go buy the condoms yourself we would put on glass-viles in the next lesson to show that it is nothing weired to go in a shop and buy a package of condoms :d . 
  also , make sure that the kids get at least a little bit of physical training and eye-to-hand koordination and general the ability to controle their body better , things sports are good for . 
  ever heard the principle `` a healthy mind in a healthy body '' , well , for a lot of kids ( including me ) , the pe classes were most of their physical training in school-times . 
  moved from bavaria to berlin between 4th and 5th grade and from berlin to nrw between 10th and 11th : the differences are still insane and can cost you several points in your graduation-report .
