if you see what was paid from germany into the eu and thereby to all of europe , that this is at least what the war-debt was . 
  greece demanded during that time the reperations from germany again and than it was compared what germany paid to them through europe and this was way more . 
  basically , it was the deal that germany got rid of their war-debt by entering the euro , nations like frenche thought this would lead 1 : to the binding of germany 's power so that it will never be that strong again , and 2 : that their strong economy will basically pay forever for all nations of europe ( or at least until the end of germany 's economical power ) . 
  so , instead of demaning one single payment of germany that could eventually be paid and than ends , germany has now a never-ending duty to finance europe . 
  i think this was a pretty nice deal of the eu-nations . 
   i know another nation that was n't punished enough . 
  and unlike them the greeks did n't set half the world on fire . 
  do n't start going into what people deserve . 
  you really boil up this old theme . 
  short information , this happend when my granny that died years ago was a young woman . 
  get your mind out of the history , the principle of the heritage-guilt belongs in the bible-lessons and not in modern politics . 
  the time that german 's bend over by the mentioning of nazi 's is gone for a while now . 
  by refering still to this , you are basically the one that condamn a complete society just by stereotypes which , to be honest , puts you in the shoes of a modern nazi . 
   by forcing the rejected deal through , we get it , the greek government ( people really ) is scum , but the german government is the enemy of european democracy . 
  again , i would love to see how germany contradicted the european democracy , please , just give me clear explanaitions how they did it , instead of just making assumptions based on your prejudices of german people in general and the german government in special . 
  the nation that help refugees already are the one that pay at the moment more likly than other nations . 
  germany still pays the complete fee , as one of the few nations . 
  the one that do n't pay are the one that also do n't want refugees within their borders . 
  the problem was , the greeks wanted a deal , they just did n't want that deal , and yes , if greece would have failed , it would have caused the next crisis because there were major assets put into the rescue of greece by than . 
  yes , a big part of this rescue was also a rescue-plan for europs banks , and i think they were n't punished enough in that regard , but that is on another paper . 
  the outcry that germany undermined the greece democracy was because they did n't want to give a better deal to greece . 
  greece knew that they could n't survive with another one and would create a new economical crisis if europe let them fail , so they tried to bully the rest of europe with the threat to suicide into making a new deal , and when that did n't work as they planed they called germany as undermining their democratic vote by not giving another deal . 
  you mean by not letting the greece government fail ? 
  or by ignoring a hugh motion within their population to let greece fail ? 
  i ca n't see how you define this `` udermining of democracy '' . 
  greece said `` we do n't want your deal , we voted now , so give us a better one '' and germany actually gave them a little bit more relieve , but was n't willing to do what greece wanted them to do . 
  i ca n't see where they undermined anything . 
  well , it is not germany that put these fines on other nations , but the eu that has to deal with the situation in greece and italy . 
  it is just that germany is usually the frontrunner in these cases of `` they are the bad-guys '' because , well , germany is the biggest nation and is seen as the most influencial , but germany could n't ever do anything in the eu without other nations doing and wanting the same . 
  yeah , but you see , the problem is , the greek people rejected the german deal , but still wanted the german money . 
  where is the democratic value that greece can decide for germany under which terms germany will pay the money ? 
  that means that 11 million people can vote democratically to deny 81 million people their right to decide over the financial support the german 's will give to greece !, 
  this logic is so twisted that , in your view , because greece refuses to take the deal with germany , germany is obliged to offer another deal with condition greece likes . 
  no , if greece denies to take the deal , they will not get further money , because the german democratic right is to refuse to give money as long as greece does not accept the deal . 
  i love your logic . 
  you say , because of a punishment by the eu , these states should stop paying money to the eu . 
  because of the refusal to pay money the eu can take away the voting-rights of this nation . 
  and the thing that the eu can take their voting-rights away is your reason for doing the punishable thing in the first place . 
  how does a punishment for action a can be a reason to do a in the first place ? 
  germany did care for greece and in the beginning of the crisis , the german government did quite a lot for greece . 
  the only thing they demanded were structural changes of greece in exchange for the money europe provided , and not just a simple buyout so that greece could continue to do the stuff that put them in trouble in the first place . 
  so they demanded that greece should do their homework now what greece did n't want to do . 
  because of this opposit interest ( germany : demand of changes so that the eu does not have to bill out greece every 10 years ; greece : keep their system with over-the-top spending ) caused the tension , not that germany did n't care for greece . 
  that would work wonderfully if not most nations have cut down their payment to the unhcr within the last decades so that they ca n't even affort to pay for the bare minimum in the nations around syria . 
  the situation was that dire that the german constitutional court decided before merkel could say anything that , to follow the principles of dublin and sent these people back to greece and hungry , would be a violation of human rights because the situation was considered inhuman . 
  law 's can be changed , but not the eurpean convention of human rights , at least it will not be . 
  if you do n't want to be part of the echr anymore , there is a simple way : art . 
  50 eu-treaty 1 . 
  any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . 
  a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . 
  in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that state , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union . 
  that agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with article 218 ( 3 ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  it shall be concluded on behalf of the union by the council , acting by a qualified majority , after obtaining the consent of the european parliament . 
  the treaties shall cease to apply to the state in question from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or , failing that , two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2 , unless the european council , in agreement with the member state concerned , unanimously decides to extend this period . 
  for the purposes of paragraphs 2 and 3 , the member of the european council or of the council representing the withdrawing member state shall not participate in the discussions of the european council or council or in decisions concerning it . 
  a qualified majority shall be defined in accordance with article 238 ( 3 ) ( b ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  if a state which has withdrawn from the union asks to rejoin , its request shall be subject to the procedure referred to in article 49 . 
  ah , yes , and greece , who have now to bear basically the complete refugee-problem , is the most whealthies nation of all time , the people live in an utopia of total-employment where milk and honey is flowing over . 
  i remember that this union is founded on priniples everyone agreed upon , you can read them if you google the european delaration of human rights , it is part of the founding treaties of the eu . 
  it only seems that germany is the only nation remembering that there are these core-values we all vowed to acknowledge . 
  if you do n't follow eu-law , you loose your right to vote within the eu-law-making , i ca n't see what this has to do with bullying . 
  if they stop paying their contriubtion , they will face consequences . 
  if you do n't pay your taxes , you will put into jail and than you ca n't vote in your next elections as well , same principle . 
  do n't say that germany does n't profit as well , but at least we do our fair share , wihtout german money , there would n't be an eu at all and the nations that have now problems would face a situation way worse . 
  they could be on the same level as africa in notime , or back with russia which is , look at ukrine , also not really a nice alternative . 
  you never watched the news in the last month ? 
  about the systimatical abuse of refugees along the balkan-route ? 
  just google `` police violence refugees '' + any nation on the balcan route and you will see enough evidence of this . 
  i ca n't blame real refugees for misstrusting european governments that do n't have a certain reputation for them . 
  after the beatings and basically everything that happens while crossing through eastern europe , they only want to go where other refugees said that it is safe , and most of these people never heard of portugal , so they think they are not safe there as well . 
  the funny thing is , the nations that are most notoriouse in rejecting refugees are the receiving nations , who receive way more than what they give . 
  so , this would n't make that of an impact . 
  also , it would be grate if they stop paying , because than the eu has a legitimit reason to deny them further participation in the eu-law-making . 
  first of all , at the time merkel said refugees should be accepted in germany , they were already here , hungary was overflowing with refugees in an amount that the refugee-camps were rather deathcamps without any real sanitation or rations !, 
  the only thing what was done was to take the burden from hungary before the nation would burst from all ends . 
  it was not germany that started all of that . 
  also , there is this little thing , we call it the european declaration of human rights , and the principles in there are what europe is founded of , and to ignore the humanitarian situation at our borders is ignoring the basic principles this union is founded on . 
  and so , if these nation do n't care about the european principles , i do n't care if they profit of eurpean money !, 
  it is about time . 
  the eu is pumping money from the few rich nations into the poor ones for the complete existence of this construct under the idea of solidarity . 
  and solidarity is for the rejecting nations as long a wonderful thing as long as they are in the receiving end . 
  but guess what , solidarit means also that you have to give from time to time if the situation makes it necessary , and at that point , these , in special eastern nation , show their true colors , that they do n't think anything about european solidarity !, 
  so , if they give nothing about the european idea , than they should n't get money through exactly this idea , and fining is the first step in the right direction !, 
  considering the plainly wrong title , it could n't be anything else . 
  the article is in a foreign language for most europeans , and the title is plainly wrong in a way that it is made to incite anger against refugees . 
  i am in favor of the delting . 
  it would probably have stayed there without a missleading title . 
  it is a hugh mistranslation . 
  it referes to a yearly beer-festival that has a long history of sexual violence . 
  during this festival , there will be safe-points in areas that were in the past especially prone to violence . 
  i would love to see your source for the offender , in special because the article mentioned three sexual-offences only last year . 
  you gave a missleading title of an german article . 
  the german article is `` bergkirchweih : rescue island should save woman '', 
  because it was translated wrongly . 
  this is a special harbour in a yearly feast in erlangen , a city in bavaria . 
  to give this here a little bit perspective , because i can already see the `` refugee '' and `` muslim '' cryer entering this post . 
  the bergkirchweih has a sad and long history of sexual violence , as a lot of feast that include massive alcohol-consumption . 
  i am only rarely in erlangen , but even i heard these storys about rapes during this yearly celebration . 
  this is a problem that is good that it is tackled now , but it has nothing to do with the recent influx of refugees comming to germany . 
  this is called antitrust law .
