  and you should n't try so hard to paint over the ethnic clensing and other right-wing-ideas . 
  there is the possiblity , but only when it is done without the idea of limit certain ideas . 
  if experts opinion indicated that there is not that much money needed / that rationalisation of some systems would be possible , than the rundfunkbeitrag can be reduced . 
  but , as soon as there are any attempts to influence the contribution where which money will be reduced , than it is over . 
  or an attmept to reduce that much money that the broadcaster ca n't do their job anymore . 
  but these decisions have to base on ** objective ** means and the state has to convince the constitutional court that there are no hidden ideas behind these cuts . 
  again , your attempt of recutio ad absurdum is rather annoying . 
  you have really no idea about the different idiologies : communism : the absent of private ownership : a communist nation is a nation in which noone has any private ownership , but everything is owned by the community . 
  everything consumes what he needs and gives to the community what he is able to . 
  socialism : the absent of private ownership of productive means . 
  in a socialist society , companies ca n't be owned by any privat person , only the community owns them ( so either the state , or maybe even just the employees would be possible ) . 
  these community dicides about the production and the distribution of the goods . 
  get your defenitions right before starting an argument . 
  and the constitutional court is also not stupid ( and i would trust 9 out of 10 times the intelligence of the constitutional court more than of the politicians ) and can read between the lines , as he regularly does . 
  as i said , suspicion is enough if it is reasonable for the constitutional court . 
  he did n't nationalized everything , just jewish companies or of other he onsidered subhuman . 
  but that was not socialist , but rather ethnic clensing . 
  everything he considered german could do whatever they wanted ( well , during war , he actually demanded more companies to prduce war machinery , but that is not socialism ) . 
  sorry , but you probably have the wrong flag . 
  the liberals = left is an american view , in europe , liberals are generally more right . 
  so , considering that , i would say , either american try to act like european or really badly trainned russian troll that was briefed how to troll us , but failed in trolling class europe 1o1, 
  which is the weakest argument imaginable . 
  the german democratic republic had democratic in the name , but had suspiciously election-results of than 90-99 % for the leading party . 
  still unconstitutional . 
  as soon as the state dicides to lower the payment of the gez due to content ( and even a reasonalbe suspicion ) would make it unconstitutional . 
  basically , as soon as any of the channels could complaint that they feel restricted in their work , the constition is affected . 
  your arguments become weaker and weaker . 
  sure , there are violations of the constituion , but for that , we have the constitional court , which is actually pretty reliable . 
  and sure as hell , such an attempt would be immidiatly in front of the courts . 
  basically , your argument is always `` but if !, 
  '' , without any sign of intellectual evidene than `` but i say so ! '', 
  84 is hd = hitlerdeutschland 28 is bh - hm , not fluent in the terminology to get that 74 is gd = gro\u00dfdeutschland 828 is hbh - well - again , not really well in the terminolagy 311 caa - okay , also no clue but the problem here is not the difficulty of the cryptology , but rather that i have to know enough nazi-terms to understand them . 
  they cryptology is rather simple to decode . 
   what happens to the man in the middle ( the `` gremium '' ) , if i stop giving him money to distribute ? 
  not possile , as this would be a violation of the constitution , and the constitional court would destroy this change of law at once . 
  edit : as i stated several times , but you tend to overread that . 
  that phrase comes from the right person xd . 
  well , the better comparison would be that , because you have to by a law that requires you to fund a group of people of whom one is your friend with enough money so that he can life , you would take 100 $ from me , give it to a second one that was choosen because you do n't have a say how much he becomes ( because the fact that you have to give him `` enough '' is set by the constitutional court and you ca n't change these rules ) . 
  this third person dicides that your friend is the right one to get the 100 $ and gives it to him . 
  if you would stop with reductio ad absurdum , you would see the sense behind systems , well , at least if your mind does not simply work on the this principle ( as your comments here make beliefe ), 
  do n't know about bbc , but rt ? 
  really , what did you smoke ? 
  rt is directly controlled by the government , while the public boradcasters are not , but they are controlled by a board that , to be constitutional , can only consist of max 1/3 of state-affiliated people . 
  there were attempts from some politicians to call the broadcaster and prevent certain things , and that went horribly wrong for these . 
  not really , or no nazi could comprehend them . 
  state media not , but public media is . 
  but since you are not able to comprehend the differences between media controlled by the government and media that is funded by the pubic without controle of the government , i think a discussion about the principles of legal proportionality might be a little bit too high for you . 
  some do , some not . 
  the catholic churce certainly not , and the conservative powers blocked gay-reugluations for quite a while ( same-sex-marriage was just passed in the parliament a couple of weeks ago , and than even not with that much of a comfortable majority as alot of people would have liked ) . 
  well , it is not actually a tax , but a fee . 
  the government has alot of power how to use taxes , while fees , they are bound by the law that creates the fee , thus preventing the influence by the state on the public broadcaster . 
  yeah , the problem with a tax is that a tax can be controlled by the state , while a `` geb\u00fchr '' or `` beitrag '' ( its not called gez for quite a few years by the way ) is bound by certain principles . 
  the state can not use the money for anything else than to funnel it to the medienr\u00e4te who dicide indipendently what to broadcast . 
  he is not intrested in arguments , he thinks he is right , and thus , nobody else can have arguments , or they are just blind , or anything . 
  the members of the industry and commerce chambers are regualrly conservative , the churches are , the employer 's assosiation . 
  other organisations are rather undiscriptive , so i ca n't speak about ther affiliation . 
   and lead by people that are handpicked by politicians and often reflect the current power structure of the bundestag . 
  no  and lets not forget that the goverment sets up the budget as well . 
  no  so they can pick their own goons and if the goons step out of line cut their budget . 
  no source : read the rest of this thread , every single sentence of you were debunked several times, 
  there is a difference between the state diciding that everyone has to pay something and that they can dicide where it goes . 
  the one thing is to prevent a shitshow alla us where the profit based networks shit against each other , trying to be mroe sensational than the other side , and eventually sacrifice democracy itself on their sensational 3d augmented shit-throwing-competition . 
  the other thing is to use the public media to directly impliment the idea in the people that the government is perfect . 
  so , yes , it is okay to make people pay for public boradcast while preventing politicians to have too much influence about the content . 
  have you read anything that was written in this thread ? 
  no , the government does not dicide where the money goes , that is especially prohibited . 
  a council dicides that of which a max of 1/3 can be state affilliated , the rest consists of different social organisations . 
  nope , 50 % is wrong , as the constitutional court ruled in 2014 that a max of 1/3 state affiliated is agreeable with the constitution . 
  would say they have quite a mixture of organisations : https://www.zdf.de/zdfunternehmen/zdf-fernsehrat-mitglieder-entsendende-organisationen-100.html, 
  well , than you were in quite a shitty school . 
  i was in a humanistic gymnasium and here , we learned in history how to intepret carricatures and scetches , as these are one of the most important sources for historical evaluation . 
  but , well , not all schools can teach the fundamentals . 
  nah , actually , our constitutional court has a close eye on the board to make sure it is not in the hand of the government . 
  of the board , only 1/3 of the seats are given to anything state-affiliated . 
  the rest is put together by different social organisations, 
  nope . 
  every german household has to pay a set amount of money that is directly given to the commission that controles the funds . 
  this commission has at max 1/3 of its seats given to state-related entities , the other seats are given to representatives of social organisations , churches , etc. 
  than it is not state media , but public media . 
  the one represents the state , and thus is a mouthpiece of the state , the other represents the public , and thus the content is dicided by a comission that tries to reflect the public . 
  edit : just a little warning , as this is my comment highest on the list . 
  this link is now on t_d , so do n't be suprised if a bunch of idiots are brigarding this thread soon . 
  yeah - that is what broadcasting is about , give everyone the ability to offer the world their opinion . 
  i watch public broadcasting regularly , and that is just bullshit . 
  just because they do n't have any afd-position ( which your usage of the word `` leftist `` impliments you like ) does not mean that they are anything hard-left . 
  it is just that , when you try to get a good reasoning out of the afd , you just want to smash your head against the wall to forget the amount of stupidity they say . 
  this page is actually wrong . 
  i just looked a case of the constitutional court from 2014 , and it limits the seats of state-related personell to 1/3 http://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/shareddocs/entscheidungen/de/2014/03/fs20140325_1bvf000111.html, 
  thanks for the comment , i looked the case up and yes , the bverfg even reduced the amount of state-parties in the gremium to less than 1/3 , thus loosing the political power over the public stations even more . 
  you probably never watched german public talk-shows , which generally invites all the sited of an argument , even the afd for an example ( it is not the fault of the broadcaster that petry is so bad at these shows , she is the leader of the right opposition-party ) . 
  also , while satirical shows are generally more left-leaning , the public tv also has commentators in political shows that are right-leaning . 
  the german public tv is controlled by the so called `` medienrat '' . 
  the medienrat consists of politicians of all parties , churches , social groups and others . 
  the constiutional court rulled that every medienrat is unconstitutional as soon as the state ( so the part that is held by the politicians ) is controlling , meaning more than 1/3 of the seats . 
  and considering that these 33 % are split between different parties and idiologies , they never speak with one voice . 
  edit : just saw a case of the constitutional court that limited the possible seats of state-related people in that commission to 1/3 . 
  hope you dropped the / s . 
  the german public broadcasting tv is acutally especially designed to make the power over them very limited . 
  thus , the most politic-critical shows are on these channels . 
  also , the fact that this stays like that is protected by the constitution .
