  i do n't speak about ny , but minisota or any other of the rural states where you have to drive forever . 
  while in germany , you will simply find not many stretches of autobahn that do n't have a traffic yam regularly due to the fact that most of the german autobahn is in high usage . 
  there are not many places that are really that remote as the american counterparts . 
  no , not really , at least not that i am aware off . 
  it just became here mandatory to include all these safty-equipment in all cars . 
  and it is so logical to demand all this stuff ( and it was seen as effective since all these things helped to make the death-rate drop drastically ) that it became insane that someone neglects these minimum-standards . 
  kaiser wilhelm ii. , who went out of office 1918 after we lost ww i. and our political system chanced from a monarchy into a democrcy . 
  he is not remembered fondly , in special because his political actions are viewd as driving us out of alliances bismark established and into the war . 
  grandfather fought in war , was draften when he was 16 or 17 and sent to russia , was imprisoned and was one of the last to be returned to germany . 
  i never met him because his inner organs were damaged during the imprisonment so that he died in his 30 's when my mom was just 10 . 
  what i heard was that he did n't really had hard feelings for any old `` enemies '' . 
  when he went to russia for a fair , he just said `` well , they did n't invite us in the first place '' . 
  well , the question is how you define scientist . 
  the study of law is officially called `` rechtswissenschaft '' , so the science of justice . 
  if you see it like that , than i am a scientist that is studying law . 
  we cock quite alot . 
  part of it is because both , my mom and i are allergic to quite alot of stuff that is common in basically any meal ( gluten , milk , celeriac ) . 
  and yes , i still life at home , i am a university-student and rents in university-cities are fucking expensive - . - . 
  s\u00f6der , a pain in the ass , which actually fits well , since he started his career as stoibers suppository . 
  of course , if you look at the nations that already exist , even within them , there are very diversed regional identities . 
  in germany , there are very distinct differences between the different states and even within the states , and sometimes the same region , and even the same cities , there are distinct identities that exist for centuries and that still live on ( in special in the riveralies , but also in the nature of the people ) . 
  hell , big parts of my family is from d\u00fcsseldorf and i still live near d\u00fcsseldorf , but study in the forbidden city ( cologne ) , and yes , the stereotypes about these regions that exist for so long are still widly true, 
  a theoretical and a practical test . 
  to be able to do the theoretical test , you have to proove that you went through several hours of schooling in a driving school . 
  the test itself is okay , multiple choice and with preperation very much doable . 
  it include short videos where we have to state how to react properly , technical questions ( how far in front of a railroad-crossing are you not allowed to park for example ) and basic questions ( who has the right of way in such a situation ) . 
  after that , you can do the practicle exame , as long as you can proove that you had a certain amount of practical driving lessons in your driving school . 
  it is to note that the driving teacher dicides when he thinks you are ready to take the practical exame . 
  the practical exames is driving for maybe 30-60 minutes ( i really forgot how long it was , it felt like it was 5 minutes ) . 
  it included driving in a 30 km/h-zone , reverse parking , driving on the autobahn , and basically driving a path that had several different situations we had to do . 
  the good thing is that the driving teachers know the paths the examiners like to use , so i knew all these by heart . 
  also , the driving teacher sits on the passanger 's seat during the exame while the examiner is in the back . 
  after passing , you get a 2 year periode where you are considered a beginner and it is easier to loose your license if you do something wrong ( and get caught ) . 
  you can get it back normally with another lesson in the driving school , but than , the two year periode is extended to 4 . 
  also , during that time , you are not allowed to drive with more than 0,0 promille alcohol in your blood . 
  in theory i like it , but seeing the actual effects on intigration , i became someone who is against it . 
  first : germany allows it , but only under one condition : you need dual citicenship due to birth , meaning your parents bear more than one citicenship that they inherent to you . 
  there is also the possibility that , when the parents lived here legally for more than 8 years , that the child will receive german citicenship by being born here . 
  in the past , this had the consequence that the child was a dual citicen until he became 21 ( i think that was the age , but i am not sure ) . 
  at that age , the now young adult was demanded to choose one citicenship , either the german , or the foreign . 
  in theory , i am okay with someone having two nationalities , he is than normaly a child of two worlds , combining them . 
  the problem i witnessed though was that often , the child was never a child of two worlds , but basically stayed a foreigner that just happend to life here . 
  the connection to the old nationalities are than stronger , and basically the only attempt is to create a life here that resembles the one the family left . 
  often , the families only stay here to work and to get children , but thinking about retirenment back in their nation of origin . 
  for me , here the problem starts . 
  i am happy to let anyone become my brother as a fellow german , but i want the willignes to become actually part of this society , by contributing some parts of his own heritage into our nation while intigrating parts of our society in himself . 
  but that , i am missing with to many dual citicens , and i think the idea that people stay their old nationality is a factor that contributes to that . 
  i do n't want to have erdogan-rallys here by also-germans , i do n't want foreign politics pulled into here ( in special because erdogan symbolises everything the german society is n't or should n't be , and by rallying for him , his supporters show how little they care for the soceity they dicided to life in ) . 
  in addition to that , even people that are not good in english tend to be able to recognize an american accent . 
  so , regularly , as soon as you start talking , alot of these mistakes might be resolved pretty fast . 
  the rule was not given up upon , but rather just reduced to fewer areas as it was before . 
  and the idea is simple , it is really difficult to actually tackle problems when everyone has to agree to every single decision unanimously . 
  it will basically render a theme nearly impossible to handle . 
  but , for the most important areas , like taxation , social security , the acceptance of new nations into the union , the collective internal and external policies , and the police force was untouched . 
  also , there are differences in salleries , living expenses and pensions . 
  the pensions of the east are supposed to rise on west-niveau though . 
  also , the east tends to be ecnomically weaker in general . 
  important video related to this [ kurzgesagt - overpopulation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsbt5eqt348 ) here , it is analysed why the birth rate is dropping here and what is to be expected from the third-world nations that still have a high birth rate . 
  i am personally against a few religiouse practices , circumcision for example , and i would like politicians to take a harder stance against that at once , even when it limits freedom of religion . 
  that said , in general , the people that identify themselves as anti-islam are normally rather about how to get rid of it instead of guiding it in lawful ways . 
  for me , saying that certain things are prohibited , for example the incitment of hatred , even for religiouse purposes , has nothing to do with having an anti-muslim of anti-islam stance . 
  to be honest , police and with a european registry that includes all refugees and their fingerprints etc. 
  if someone is in a process to become a refugee , just take him back there asap . 
  if someone has a refugee status , this becomes more difficult though , since recognize refugees have a greater right of free movement and freedom of work ( due to the refugee-convention ) . 
  here , money is the only bargening-chip , meaning that they only receive any money when they are in the state they belong to . 
  if they ca n't get money here , they will have to leave soon . 
  well , the ecj ruled in the past ( even prior to the crisis ) that deportation to hungary or greece is a violation of human rights due to the fact that , considering the massive straing through a hugh amount of refugees caused on these nations , their refugee-camps did n't met human-right-conforming standarts . 
  and if you look at the pictures of the hight of the crisis , it was clear that it was simply not possible for these nations to provide adequat support to refugees . 
  that said , if the nation is capable of dealing with refugees , i think there should n't be a problem to send them there . 
  the problem is hoverer , that several nations does not want refugees sent to them , and also are known to treat them due to that not , well , let it say nicly . 
  i have no clue though about croatia in that matter . 
  to be honest , i whished that all eu-nations would take an apropriate amount of refugees in , than , the complete crisis would be easy for all of us . 
  but due to the constant confrontations , alls this escalated :( . 
  the thing with refugees is that you either work on the grounds of the european principles , and than , you at least honor the right of refugees to flee war-regions until they found a place to be secure ( and sadly , considering the situation in the refugee-camps in the middle east and the nations between syria and here , there are no real safe-places ) , or you are not supporting these princples . 
  it is not possible to let these people drown in the meditaranian , since that would be a gross violation of the eu declaraion of human rights . 
  we ca n't bring them easily back to the other nations without ther consent or else we would openly violate international law . 
  so , these people arrive in europe . 
  we can and should do an oderly process to seperate illegal immigrants from refugees , but that is a timly process that a single nation ca n't manage to do in a taimly mammer , and a european solution failed . 
  also , it would be better if all of the eu would do negotiations with third-nations in order to bring the illegal immigrants back , but currently , that is not working , so the single nations have to make these negotiations . 
  and until there are agreements , we ca n't sent these illegal immigrants back . 
  refugees on the other hand have a right to stay here . 
  so , if you are really pro eu and when you are really informed about the legal situation , you find the conclusion that we have to find solutions for the illigal immigrants that we ca n't get rid of at the moment , and solutions for the refugees . 
  any form of anti-muslim-idiology is not helping to solve any of these problems , but rather make them more sever . 
  to be honest , several nations are pro-eu when it comes to money-distribution , but in everything else , they do their best to put spokes into european 's wheels . 
  well , a major problem here is that , when you identify yourself as pro-eu , you are most likly also convinced of the eu-declaration of human rights , which includes the freedom of religion . 
  and a really anti-muslim-stance is not really easily to harmonize with the freedom of religion . 
  i doubt that you are interested to read what i write now , since your leading question already shows quite alot of your opinion , but maybe for others that are interested : first , these laws are not hate-speech-laws , but incemtent to hatred , which have a complete different implication . 
  while hate-speech law is about that you should not say something that offend others , incitment to hatred-laws are intended to prevent speech that is solely aimed to create within a group hatred against another group that is sufficient enough to create a sentiment of hatred that can go over into violence . 
  or simply said , when i go to a jew and whisper in his ear `` i want you to burn in concentration-camp '' that would be an insult , but not incitment of hatred , because i ca n't incite hatred against jews in a jew ( or better said , it is very unlikly ) . 
  when i scream that during an npd-rally on the other hand , where people are already open for this kind of stuff and highten the tension . 
  and here we are at the meat of the stuff . 
  in contrast to either the ns-regime or the ddr-regime , a special opinion is not really punished here ( well , okay , we ca n't say that the nazi 's were a good folk , because , due to the history generally sufficient to incite hatred ) , but the way an opinion is used . 
  apart from the nazi-thing that was especially adressed by the constitutional court as the only aspect where a special opinion can be set under crime ( with the reasoning that the german constitution was especially set up as an opposit to the ns-regime , that it is meant to be symbolize everything this past inhuman organization was about , so that the protection of this very system is limited here ) , no opinion can be poenalized . 
  so , you can have the opinion that refugees are bad , you can also share this opinion , but not in an inciting way . 
  you can say `` i do n't want refugees in my neighbourhood '' , but not `` shoot them all dead '' , you can say `` i think they are more dangerouse '' , but not `` they are lowlifes , they are cattle ! '' . 
  to safguard this , we have the court system . 
  the government is not allowed to hand out punishments , or even to dictate who will be punished , that is only the job of the state-prosecutor and the judges . 
  and the judges in germany are held in very high regard since they are seen ( and experienced ) as indipendent . 
  in special the constitutional court , who set up the rules to follow here , is seen as a safeguard of the constitution , including the freedom of expression . 
   they 're also home to the financial capital of the world .
