  hint : i am a germqn law student with an international law background , do n't rry to feed me shit about law, 
  you just lissed pne point . 
  these laws are not about the constitutional courts . 
  it would be seen as a violation of the democratic principles and the seperation of power to apply these for the constitutional court as well . 
  edit : and yes , zdf is public media , but germany constructed the public media in a way that politicians have just a small influence over the public media , in contrat to plland who trie to thighten the grip on the public media . 
  the neighbouring nations were not able to offer shelter for the ammount of people . 
  the nations that took in millions are generally way poorer than poland for example , and the unhcr is drastically underfunded . 
  thus , these neighbouring nations are not able to offer a treatment according to human rights , outrulling the as safe nations . 
  turkey might be better of financially ( that goes down as well ) , but erdogan is a despot not willing to provide human right respecting shelter . 
  hell , he is one of the bombing nations . 
  thus , turkey is also not a safe nation . 
  and next is already europe . 
  thus , making your argument that they were in the natipns you mentioned invalid . 
  it seems you never have read the refugee convention . 
  it is one thing to say you would act accordingly , something different to do so . 
  and your examples how you treat the ukrains is basically the opposit the refugee convention has in mind , as it was desined not only to provide a right of refugees to get save shelter , but also to prevent exploit in the host nations . 
   there is an refugee / immigrant issue . 
  we is sticking to a lie by calling obvious immigrants a refugees . 
  we ca n't go anywhere as long as that lie is upheld . 
  than please give me your explaination who is in your view immigrant and who is refugee ? 
  are the people fleeing the war in syria refugees or immigrants in your opinion ? 
   ironically poland is looking at german solutions with proposed reforms than i have to ask : which germany do you mean ? 
  certainly not west-germany after 1945 . 
  we deliberatly took away the power over the constitutional court away from the government and to the parlimanet and the representatives of the states , and each of them can only dicide by 2/3 majority . 
  this does not create always fair solutions , but it is way better than what the polich government is doing at the moment . 
  also , same with for example the media . 
  the public media was strengthened by taking away the governments power to controle the public media , in special how much which part of the public media gets . 
  the pis does the opposit , creating deliberat opression on public media in order to push for their agenda . 
  so , could you give any evidence where you take germany as an example , at least any germany that could be seen as post-nazi-germany ? 
  so , you just complaint that we do n't take refugees from the ukrain into account ( which is , when i remeber the plans correctly , not true ) while saying at the same time they are no refugees ( while the refugee convention , which poland signed , is rather clear about that ) and than reasons why not to providing the minimum the refugee convention set out as absolut minimum for refugees , than slamming one of thd world most reknown international organizations ? 
  and you really dare to speak about bigottery of others ? 
  and here is the main problem . 
  in the eyes of alot of poles , we criticise poland because we ` hate ' it . 
  no , at least for me , i do n't hate it . 
  one of my best friends in school was polish , i spent hell of a wonderful week in wroclaw during a university program , drinking and laughing with our hosts-students , i pray for the protestors agqinst the current polish government . 
  my complains are not because it is poland that is doing something , it is because what the polish government is doing that violates the basic ideals of democracy and the ideals the eu is build upon . 
  but ad long as ` these critisism is only because we hate ' you idea stays , any discussi8n is frutile . 
  first of , all are asylum seekers , and only than it can be determind who is refugee and who not . 
  secod : to be honest , i do n't really care where the refugees want to be . 
  they have a right to find refuge in a safe nation . 
  as there is badically no safe nation between syria and the eu ( that have the resoirces to provide a human-right-appropriate sitaution ) the nations of the eu have the duty to step in . 
  as no nation in the eu is logistically able to manage all of that alone , it needs cooperation . 
  third : the individual situation of the nations have to be taken into account , including the gdp and - yes , all refugees , also the eastern european . 
  i am in favor of a restructoring of the european asylum policies . 
  that said , if i remeber the report of i think it was amnisty international correctly , the ukrainian refugees are more treated like working slaves in poland than as refugees according to the refugee convention . 
  do n't come me with ` german racist against poles ' . 
  this train is long gone . 
  the bas7c principles and values are lined in the treaties , treaties that poland loves to ignore whenever it fits them . 
  the european human rights charter is existing law in all of europe , but poland only lines them if it defends their citicens , if anyone else is protected by it ( for example refugees ) , than it is a devient and opressive system that supresses poor poland . 
  the polsih government is the definitiok of bigotery . 
  the eu is not a dictatorship , but it is based on treaties we all signed . 
  and if you mean by more efficient and less corrupted to embrase a government that tries to impliment more and more facist elements , than no thank you . 
  the polish government gives a damn about the european values , the european system , the treaties they signed . 
  what they do is take the money the eu provides and ignore every duty that would oblige them not to pull through with their stuff . 
  and if the polish government wants to ignore the treaties , than they should do it by leaving the eu . 
  edit : also , the european system works not by letting germany or france to whatever they want . 
  they can do it because they are backed by several other nations , these two nations are just always put forward as the spokespersons of these . 
  we have seen several times that , when germany tries something alone , they fail quite drastically . 
  i do n't plan to do , but i also not complaign about the basic system of the eu , how the eu developed into a direction i do n't like . 
  because of that , i do n't want to invoce art . 
  other op , as he clearly is against the idea how the eu works . 
  there is a simple sollution for that : art . 
  either deal with the eu and the fact that it is the nature of the eu that some sovereignety was given to the eu , or leave it . 
  than there is an option , art . 
  if you do n't want to be in it , than you can leave with a little notice . 
  also , these unelected officials are elected , just in every single nation of the eu to be sent to the eu as representatives . 
  and the poles worked with the rest of the eu to do these changes , despite that they love , just as the british , to shit on the eu while they are part of the decision making all along . 
  most decisions in the eu are unanomiously , meaning that the poles agreed to it , only a few happened without all votes . 
  and than again , if you do n't like it : art . 
  europe has most likly enough capacity to negotiate two divorce bills at the same time . 
  well , modern day nazi 's and the third reich nazi 's were n't the same kind of assholes . 
  if the neo-nazi 's would have had the lead in wwii , we would have probably starved on the way to our own borders , let alone participated in a world-war . 
  you can say quite alot bad things about the nazi 's , but they had a few very brilliant scientists , also a shitload of bashit crazy ones , but there were clearly gems among them . 
  this is for a german audiance , and here , arian is a slure for idiots that think the nazi 's are right . 
  if you say or speak about arian , it is always political , not anything biological . 
  yeah , the father of a friend of my mom actually deliberatly destroy the car of this friend just to give something to a saupreu\u00df . 
  this father was quite fat and the car of this friend was really small , so that the friend could n't look out of the window . 
  he asked his father if everything is free and the father just answered `` sure , everything is free '' . 
  well , a second later the friend collided with another car , and the father screamed `` jetz hamma ihn , diesen saupreu\u00df ! '', 
  ( now we got him , this pig-preu\u00df ! ), 
  well , 4 out of 5 correctly decoded , just did n't know the meaning of blood and honor , not too shabby xd, 
  in the end , it is for the lawyers to deicde what is legal and what is not , which experts is to believe , what background these experts have , how good their arguments are , probably comparing it with the other sides experts . 
  that is what a state of law is about , and that is why we lawyers study so damn long to evaluate this stuff , analyse what is legal and what is not . 
  you can try to make more and more reductio ad absurdum , but it wo n't change that your ideas are nothing more than cracker-barrel conspiracies that have nothingto do with reality . 
  still , you do n't give an example how todays greens can be seen as liberal , even socially liberal . 
  the only policy that i know is that they are in favor of weed and that they wanted the same-sex-marriage . 
  that are two policies , not really enough to paint them as liberal at all . 
  whish you also good luck , it seems you need it when you ca n't see such simple comparisons . 
  that trump is a facist is one of the most simple analysis possible , but well - love makes blind , does n't it , 
  it is really funny how right-wingers are regularly try to paint me as hard-line-left and left as hard-line-right . 
  i am central . 
  the thing is , there were some socialist elments he had , and that he used to pleace the masses , but the core of his actions and his idiology were borderline right-wing . 
  basically a nice comparison to trump , he made nice promises about unviersal health care , about how his plans would save everything , but than he fucked everyone over with hard-line right ideas . 
  well , hitler kept at least the minimum amount of promises to keep the people interested in him to impliment his idiology that was n't socialist at all . 
  the green liberals ?? 
  maybe in their beginnings , but that is long gone . 
  just remind the veggie-day , something that is so anti-liberal as possible , and that is just a representation for most of their agneda ( well , maybe apart of their idea to legalize weed ) . 
  but more than a few straw-man arguments , there is really nothing liberal left of the greens . 
  well , while communism never existed , the old ussr was socialist , as they outruled private ownership of companies , but based the economy on 5-year-plans . 
  this is literally socialism .
