  edit : i have to correct myself , otto i. was the first german kaiser considering the middle ages , but the real establishment of this german empire was by charlemangne in the 9th century . 
  and the `` lite '' is only optional . 
  just look at von storch , this crazy maniac of eu-politician . 
  if you can get one logical thought out of her , i think the world might collaps . 
  they get dangerouse when they sit in parliaments , either on a state or the national level , and that not only by accident , but stay there . 
  they become dangerouse when they are able to undermine the democratic process , but for that , again , they need to be in the parliaments . 
  they become dangerouse when they have a followership outside of the parliament that is able to undermine the democracy through riots . 
  neither of these things meet the criteria of the npd . 
  so , it does not mean that we have to wait until they rule the nation , just that they have enough meaning to have real influence ( like the afd at the moment , but there , it might need more time to really prepare a lawsuit . ), 
  yeah - but if you see this ruling - it confirms that they are not-constitutional , meaning that , if they become more imporant again , there can be another lawsuit and the court basically says `` okay , under these circumstances , we will ban them . '', 
  the pound dropped significantly , and it is still quite low compared to the time before brexit . 
  since the uk imports a majority of their daily necesseties , every single item in the market will become more expensive ( or as i heard , it already did ) while the money they brits get stayed the same . 
  everyone who has to be careful with their money will feel this as quite a hit . 
  because i dod n't look properly and thought this was an answer i had on worldnews , not here . 
  they have the power to enforce it , but no say if to enforce it , because of that , only the courts decide . 
  the government is than only the tool of the courts , and thus have no say in this situation . 
  because of that , you only have to convince the courts , not the government . 
  i deleted it already . 
  thought this comment was from another discussion in worldnews where i posted this article as well . 
  i confused this because i only read the message in my inbox . 
  wrote the prior answer at the wrong place , thought this was from another discussion . 
  since when are courts thoothless ? 
  decisions of the courts will be enforced , but the government has no decision if and how to enforce the court 's decision , the courts are the lords of procedure . 
  first , not government , only courts . 
  second , you can give anonymouse sources withtout revealing them . 
  but for that , you have to state reasons why this source want to stay anonymouse ( for example , this duisburg-article , there is no reason why the court ca n't know how the source was ) , than , you have to show ( without revealing the source directly ) why you believe him . 
  furthermore , you can hand in blackend transcripts of the questioning that includes further details that can be checked if true , you can provide sources outside from this anonymouse source that hint that this anonymouse source is true . 
  to be honest , if you only relay on one anonymouse source for your story , you are a very bad journalist . 
  wistle-blower are generally the start of an investigation , not the end , and if this wistle-blower ca n't give you relayable information that you than can use to make a point without revealing the name of that person , you have no story at all . 
  no , the courts will do that , and if necessary , the constitutional court that are reknown to be one of the most indipendent and fair courts in the world . 
  the things is , the courts do n't have to decide what the truth is , they have only to decide if you have a proove for what you claim or not . 
  and if you are a credible journalist , you are able to provide at least some sources , some witness-reports , some first-hand sources , anything . 
  as long as you can bring forward anything that makes it believable that you really thought your actions were fact-based , you are free to go . 
  because , if you want to give facts that are backond by actual facts , this takes a while and is more complex to understand , and often more uncomfortable for the people to read it because it might question their already existing believes . 
  when you just make up facts without proper prooves or backoning , than you can just make everything up , and every problem in your argumentation can be filled with new nonsense . 
  also , people that tend to not think about stuff deeply enough and that are uncomfortable to question their own believes , so , all people , tend to like information more that reflects their believes , even when it is false , even when it is just served for them by media that want to push an agenda without backoning up this agneda with facts . 
  if this is freely allowed , fact-based information will fade into the background more and more , and just stupidity will rule ( as it is partly happening ) . 
  because of that , people that purposly spread false facts and information has to be responsible for these actions , and if you spread uncomfortable facts , but you have sufficient evidence , or at least hints that this might be true , than be free to spread it , but clearify how good your factual backenings are so that everybody can make an informed decision based on these facts . 
  it was a hell lot of reasons , but what you give here is part of why the people fell so easily for hitler 's `` jew 's are at fault '' - retoric and the dagger-thrust legend . 
  the things is , there were real problems , and these were combined with fake problems , and they were combined with fake solutions , which were combinded with real solutions . 
  nobody will deny that the situation were dire in these regions , and that there were a hell lot of problems that made the people desperate , buy by spreading hatred , false claims and lies , both , the nazi 's and the soviets were able to guid the anger into directions they liked and they wanted in order to create the systems that caused all this devistation . 
  so , yes , you are partly right , the abuse of free speech was not the sole reason that everything escalated , but they were a major part how it escalated . 
  the nazi 's were anti-free speech as soon as they were in power . 
  before that , they used it happily to overthrow the weimarer republic in order to get to power . 
  people are so narrow minded to only look what these people did after they got to power , not how . 
  and with soviets it was basically the same . 
  first start the propaganda-war with false claims under the protection of freedom of speech , and as soon as you are in power , take these rights away . 
  so , to prevent the nazi 's and soviets again , take away the tools they used to get to power , and that in a reasonable amount so this is not tyranny as well . 
  i looked at the headline of the breitbart-article and , if i remember correctly , the picture on the head was of cologne where really a lot of libanese men were detained . 
  you should n't believe a video of which you do n't have a clue what the source is . 
  i can remember the video `` of cologne '' were circulating a year ago where people dragged a woman into a subway-sation , just that this was not cologne , but somewhere in the eastern world , as any observant person could have guessed by the arabian writing all over the place . 
  germany has not free speech as such , but freedom of opinion and freedom of expression . 
  art . 
  5 i gg  every person shall have the right freely to express and disseminate his opinions in speech , writing and pictures , and to inform himself without hindrance from generally accessible sources . 
  freedom of the press and freedom of reporting by means of broadcasts and films shall be guaranteed . 
  there shall be no censorship . 
  first : you can have any opinion you want . 
  second : you can express your opinions . 
  but opinions are expressions that ca n't be backed up by facts , because only than they are opinions . 
  if you act like you are expressing facts , than you do n't express an opinion , therefor spreading of all kinds of facts can be regulated in accordance with the rest of the constitution . 
  this means you are free to spread facts that you have reason to blieve as true , because denying you to spread facts you have sufficient hints that they are true would be violating the freedom of press , the freedom to be free of cencorship , the freedom of science , and the general freedom of development of the personality . 
  but by spreading purposly wrongful facts or facts you have no backening of , you violate the rights of the people that are diminished by these facts and you violate the rights of the society as such . 
  so , stop argue with this american based understanding of the free speech as it was developed in the 18th cenutry by people that never lived through the horrors that unlimited free speech and the spreading of wrongful facts brought over the world , grow up !, 
  that is the german law , the problem is that breitbar is not under german jurisdiction . 
  german law provides that any false claim has to be correcrted at the same place of the newspaper , in the same font and with the same space given . 
  meaning that , when the headline of a newspaper gives the complete frontpage to a false claim , they have to dedicade this frontpage later on to the correction of this . 
  because of that , i am in favor of more usage of the spectrum of punishment in german courts . 
  i believe that , in special young man from these areas ( but also all the other guys ) should be punished harder . 
  the scope of our law already provide a sufficient range of punishment , but the courts tend to be too kind , the shit really have to hit the fan until the first jail-time is given out . 
  i personally believe that deterrence would be wise , seeing someone going in the wrong direction should be given jail-time basically to set them back to think about what they have done , just giving out suspendet sentences time after time is no punishment in the view of a lot of people . 
  just play ftl and immidiatly you know how agonizing life can be , 
  yeah , i am not really able to speak bavarian ( or any other form of accent ) . 
  this reminds me of a family story . 
  a good friend oh my mother bought a new car and visited with that his family that was basically a bavarian stereotype , in special the father of this friend . 
  he had a thick bavarian accent and was unbelievable fat . 
  when this friend paraded his car for the first time in front of his father , the friend took his father to a ride . 
  but the father was so fat that he blocked most of the right window . 
  due to that , the friend asked his father to say if the way was free on the right and he just said that nothing was comming . 
  friend drove and suddenly they hit another car that was comming from the right . 
  completly stunned the friend asked his father why he did n't see him , but that guy only answered `` hab ihn doch geseh ` n , wollt nur immer schon nen sauprei\u00df abschie\u00dfen ! '', 
  because they are not allowed to work in their refugee-camps as cooks or cleaners without the permission of the state , which they only get after this approval . 
  also , for example to work as cook , they have to pass the german hygiene-certificate ( takes an afternoon ) , but for that , you have to understand the language . 
  you also have to be able to interact with others in order to make orders , manage the money given by the state for food ( thereby have to interact with government ) etc. 
  also , by the way , they have a right to get schooling and work outside of the refugee-camp as soon as they are recognized as refugees , as stated in the refugge-treatie basically every nation in the world signed in the 50 's . 
  actually , after the berlin attack , she had the best polls for quite a while, 
  there is a reason why the government creates two statistics , with and without these foreign-laws . 
  the reason here is that actually each entry over a german border might count as a crime in the statistic , but it will neither be investigated nor punished if that person does an asylum-request afterwards . 
  with the asylum-request , the crime of entering is basically excused . 
  nontheless , they appear in the foreign-law-violation statistic nontheless . 
  due to that , it is not really a narrative to not include them , but rather a reflexation of the true situation . 
  yeah - it is a part of psychology , just one that failes again and again to produce reliable results . 
  basically , every analysis i found about guantanamo states that people stopped talking when they started torture . 
  the classic methods of interrogation that base on psychology rather than violence are the one that created real results , not only false confessions . 
  even the cia concluded that in ther report !, 
  you should really watch some [ adam ruins everything ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2wtjwc45ka ) . 
  solitary confinement is a cruel torture-method that can damage the brain and destroys a person , something like that has no place for a democratic nation that honors the human rights , and i do n't want some asshole to create a deterrioation of our human rights !, 
  he is not worth to have such an impact that we violate the principles of our state of law for !, 
   prolonged , permanent isolation prolonged and permanent isolation-imprisonment is seen as torture and therefor unconstitutional . 
  because of that , solidary confintment is only allowed under strict rules and only for a very short time ( in contrast to what is happening for example in the us ) . 
  on the other hand , there would have been rehabilitation-attempts , because again , that is necessary in a nation that honors human rights , and , even when it is unlikly , he would still have a chance to be brought back into society .
