  hitler never was elected , he only got around 40 % of the votes . 
  he only was able to pass the enabling law because he prevented the complete communist party to attend this parliament-voting and by intimidating the rest opposing parts of the parliament . 
  i agree that it takes quite some space , but it is right next to the tiergarten , berlin 's most well known park . 
  the space of the holocaust memorial would n't have made it in any way significantly bigger . 
  grumble grumble - bbc one not on astra 19.2 - muble muble - have to wait for streams . 
  the position of the chancelor is way weaker though . 
  because of that , the danger is not that extreme . 
  you mean the democracy that is about to relect her :d . 
  i would n't say she did it because of the workers , that was rather , in the sitation it happend , a idea that was not really thought about . 
  it was rather a reaction of the current situation to controle a uncontrollable situation . 
  it seems that people tend to think that the refugees were waiting at the eu border and merkel gave them a wave in so they came . 
  in the contrast , the situation in greece already exploded and the people were freely exeting greece . 
  they were running over the balkans and ended in hungary , which exploded as well , flooding to central europe . 
  merkel made the decision to take them in because the alterantative would have been an uncontrollable humanitarian and economical crisis when aimless refugees ( and among them economic migrants ) would have went into basically every nation , go into underground , would go to criminality to find a way to survive , and on and on . 
  but instead , merkel made the situation at least a little bit more organizable by saying that germany would not sent people to the nation of first entering the eu , which she , by the way , could n't have done , as the european court of human rights already ruled several times . 
  so , she basically created a velve for the crisis so that everything could be sortet out ( what she tried the second she anounced she would let people in ) , but the other nations were just to happy to dump this european problem on germany and prevented a solution . 
  one mistake she did was that she relied on dublin until it was completly broken ( and she admitted this mistake ) . 
  if she would have tried to find a better solution earlier , when the problem was concentrated to greece ( and italy ) , we wold n't be in this situaiton , but that applies for nearly every european leader , only that she admitted her fuck up . 
  u/marktplatz is one of our best redditors in this regard  . 
  we have minimum wage though , so salary dumping would only be the case for the jobs that are already on that level . 
  martin schuld just did n't get the abitur , which is necessary to study in germany , but he finished i think the 11th grade which is above basic education . 
  most students end the school after 10th grade and only kids that want either to study or to do more advanced jobs ( like pilots ) stay longer in school . 
   left wing coalition with them . 
  with the greens , yes , but there is no way a coalition with the left will do any good for the spd . 
  where tie linke is at least acceptable in the east , the party in the west is seen in a different light . 
  die east-linke emerged , in the long run , out of the sed and therefor had , even more than 20 years ago , a position of power which has still the effect that the party is at least somewhat grounded . 
  in the west , the party is just completly bollocks , they are formed out of hard-line communists and socialists that are so far from reality that the spd would loose way more than if they try to go into the next coalition with the cdu . 
  in the end , i really doubt that we will see any kind of left coalition , but another 4 years of grand coalition . 
  edit : what my secret hope is that the csu just fucked that much up in the recent years that the cdu only waits for the end of the next election to see if they can govern without the csu , than end their fraction and start a bayern cdu . 
  it would be a big disturbance in politics for a while , but the csu is just near to the afd . 
  as long as you have a good working justice system that is able to balance freedom of opinion and expresion and the very limited restriction in form of incitment to hatred , there is no slippery slope . 
  and if the justice system fails to protect the constitutionally protected freedom of opinoin and expression , the system already turned totallitarian and laws are already worthless . 
  so , as long as you do n't live in a totallitarian state , slippery-slope argument does not work , and if you do , than it is already too late . 
  german law-student here : no , as long as you see someone red-handed , you are allowed to arrest them until police arrives . 
  every violation of the criminal code is enough for you to do so , as the citicen-arrest has the main purpose to be able to identify the culprit , and that is necessary for every crime moitted . 
  ah , sorry , i am quite ill at the moment and that was the most my mind could come up with , hoping that others would destill a good idea out of it . 
  something like the braindead-government , the cpr-receiving government , the government on life support , or something like that . 
   merkel has killed off any challengers within her party she did that in the beginning when she was fighting to get to the top , but since than , all other candidates made pretty sure to disqualify themselves . 
  who were the possible successors in the past : * von guttenberg : destroyed himself with his face doctor and how he handled the situation * von der layen : actually , she is the only one currently really in discussion and she did n't do anything outragiouse to disqualify her , even when she is not that widly supported * de maizi\u00e8re : to old ( same age range as merkel , so when she goes , he is probably to old as well ) and not that much liked in public . 
  * sch\u00e4uble : even older than merkel and de maizi\u00e8re , also , he missed his chance for chancelorship in the past * r\u00f6ttgen : destroyed himself during the nrw-election . 
  if he would have gone for 5 years into nrw , he could have won enough support and enough prestige to take over . 
  * altmeier : hm , maybe , but his optics are a real problem for him , also , while i heard he is really competent , he just has the habbitus of being too clumsy, 
  i just recently heard an analysis on cnn that compared the government with the state of a decapitation-strike where the head of the government is not existing anymore and the lower ranks try their best to organize everything on their own . 
  one aspect of this is that mostly generals were willing to take position in the trump-government in order to due their patriotic duty to limit the damage trump can do . 
  i once heard that one factor was the planned market-system where not the demand dicided upon the market , but the socialist plans . 
  thus , it often happend that in times of needs , there were n't enough items for sale . 
  so - either not going bathing due to the lack of bathing-suit or skinny dipping . 
  where do you life ? 
  the nearer you come to east-germany , the more likly you will encounter casual nudity . 
  i lived in berlin and when i got in the summer with my friends to our favorite bathing-pond , you could bet that there were at least one person skinny dipping in the most crowded part of the area . 
  that was one of the weirder parts xd , they have more normal parts as well . 
  this year the premise of the show was pretty weired though , politicians wanted to clone their political enemies to program them to do strange stuff to discredit themselves . 
  but most of rhe humor only exists when you have both , understanding of the german language and political knowledge to get all the hits . 
  and yes , i only know this song as kalinka . 
  sadly i could n't find an english translation , but that was the piece about wagenknecht at the nockerberg this year : https://youtu.be/z9wj6vpcdb0?t=85 nockerberg is a satire-event in bavaria where the complete political landscape is made fun of ( it is officially a csu event , but they are beaten just as much as the rest ) . 
  the part of the show was that an elevater could clone people , thus you will see three wagenknechte in this sketch . 
  it is about how she ca n't really dicide if she is right or left winged radical . 
  not true at all . 
  if you have n't noticed , aldi and other discounters are way cheaper than us companies . 
  actually , these german retailers are even able to beat the prices inside the us against us-companies . 
  yeah , and `` sieg heil '' is also an medieval way to celebrate the king . 
  that does not change however that the meaning has changed over time , and now , it is a sign of the nazi 's . 
  hitler destroyed many signs and phrases with deep historical meaning by pulling them into the disgusting idiology of his , but that does not change the fact that they have now a meaning that is connected with him . 
  well , i do . 
  tollerance towarts the intollerant is stupidity . 
  we have a fighting democracy , live with it . 
  well , according to the democratic dicided laws of germany , germans with migration-backgrounds are 100 % german , as they have a german citicenship . 
  nope . 
  art . 
  7 :  the european council , acting by unanimity on a proposal by one third of the member states or by the european commission and after obtaining the consent of the european parliament , may determine the existence of a serious and persistent breach by a member state of the values referred to in article 2 after inviting the member state in question to submit its observations . 
  so , first you need a thrid of the member states or of the european commission and the majority of the european parliament . 
  only if you have this , for the next vote , the nation that art . 
  7 is aimed at are not allowed to vote for the unanimouse vote . 
  so , as long as you ca n't get enough of the parliament behind you to get its consent , you ca n't do anything . 
  well , it was called holy roman empire of german nation , basically saying that they took over the fire of the leading civilsation from rome . 
  well , hungary has to try to keep a low light themselve . 
  they are basically in violation of basic principles of the eu themselves and honestly , i do n't understand why there was not taken more action by the eu . 
  it is questionable if it is possible to start art . 
  7 - procedures against hungary and poland at the same time , thereby making both of them unable to veto . 
  unless the eu tries it , it ca n't be determined if the ecj would accept such a move , but it is quite a risk for hungary that this is at least possbile . 
  so , if they try to veto sanctions against poland , they might pull the spotlight again at their infingments . 
  orban is quite good in big speeches , but , as far as i have heard , he never pulled really through with his big announcements , and i am not sure if he would in this situation . 
  okay , for that part i would have to do a little bit of reading , which is difficult as i am lying in bed with a cold and i can only answer things that i know . 
  nontheless , the ability to kick out a judge is still a violation of the seperation of power . 
  judges are indipendent , thus , a decision to forcefully retire judges , even giving any member of the executive this power , is a violation of the seperation of power , no matter if the election of a kew judge would be in accordance with yemocratic principles . 
  saudi arabia is an asshole nation that enslaves other nationals when they can . 
  and no , a safe nation is not only where no bombs land at you , but where no bombs land at you and not starhe to death / die due to deseases common in refugee camps with poor or no hygenic facilities etc. 
  and , a big difference , eu is the only area where a refugee can actually sucessfully sue the host-nation for ignoring the refugee convention , as the ecj and the echr enables privat persons to sue the state of violations of the human rights . 
  thus , when erdogan gives a damnabout the refugees , or makes it especially hard for them to life , they have no right to enforce their rights , thus , running away is the only option . 
  because of that dicided the echr several times that you ca n't sent refugees to a third nation that is neither willing nor able to provide human rights according shelter . 
  the law you stated is about the election for the highes civil , financial , governmental , work and social court , here , the minister of justice has influence . 
  the constitutional court is different !, 
  here , only the parliament and the representatives of the state have influence . 
  and here is made sure that the government is basically never able to push their candidate without the backening of other parties . 
  only a 2/3 majority of the parliament can ellect a judge here , ant the nominees are sought out by a comission that is formed representing the majorities of the parliament . 
  here , only with a 2/3 majority , a nominee can be elected . 
  the other half of the constitutional court is put into power by the bundesrat , here , ministerpresidence will call for the nominee and 2/3 of the state reprisentatives will elect one . 
  as you see , the federal government has no place here , and while they can block , with their power in parliament , judges they do n't like , they have to accept one everybody can be okay with . 
  that is completly different in poland now . 
  if the current government had adopted such a system , nobody would have complaint .
