  because if we give that power to the government , they can abuse it freely by defining who is worth of human rights and who not . 
  immunity is not there to protect the person , but the democratic process . 
  to understand it , we should look at cases where actually abuse happend : during the rising of hitler ( so , before the enabling law where he had to win votes in parliament ) , it was common for hitler and his followers to accuse parlamentarians of dissenting parties of a crime during important votings . 
  a hitler-follower policemen would come to the house of that dissenting parlamentarian , arrest them , bring them to the station and than only release them after the vote was cast . 
  this happend actually quite regularly . 
  to prevent this , a rule was established that a palriamentarian could only prosecuted under two circumstances : either they are cought red-handed or the parliament agrees to it . 
  so , the thing that is protected is not that a parlamentarian can not face prosecution , but it only has to ensure that the way or prosecution does not disrupt the democratic process . 
  totally agree with that . 
  just wanted to give a little addition to what you said , 
  also , it has to comply with the german contitution , and i do n't see how that would work . 
  it would be quite a violation of the constitutional right of assembly , which is actually a right to protest , which is in alot of cases political rallies . 
  because the individual members have no right to negotiate whatsoever . 
  the legal right to negotiate lies allone with the eu , and the memberstate have only a say at the end when rattifying the treaty . 
  with that , they have quite a lot of leverage since the treaty has to be tailred that everybody agrees upon it , but that has still nothing to do with their right to interfere with the actual treaty negotiation . 
   several governments have confirmed they 've been talking to the uk gov about it which is actually illegal , since the member-states gave away their competence to any kind of negotiation to the eu , which can only start negotiate if art . 
  50 is triggered . 
  these negotiation have literally no value since they have no legal basis . 
  you can also ask the major of hillbillytown for negotiations , since this guy has the same right about brexit-negotiations as any other eu-nation has . 
  eu has not really refused , they just stay to their point that they start the talks only when art . 
  50 is invoced , which is legally correct since the eu has no right to negotiate anything with the uk about leaving as long as this is not the case . 
  but since the brexiteers are not really able to read treaties properly , i think they continue to claim that the eu is unfair by not doing what they ca n't do . 
  you mean a rather stable nation that get 's shit because people ca n't read criminal statistic properly ? 
  hell , 3/4 of the stuff i read about germany on here is so much bullshit that every not extremist german would have to bang their head against a wall for 6 hours straight in order to loose that many braincells to believe it . 
  yes he was , but he had no meaning in german politics whatsoever . 
  if you asked two years ago an average german who martin schulz was , they would most likly have no real idea . 
  just because someone has a position of power does not mean that he is very well known . 
  well , i just watched an interview with the artist who said that schulz is probably not knowing what happend with him himself . 
  in the history of german political polling , nobody ever made such a jump-start than schulz , from nothing to one of the mostl popular politicians . 
  we ca n't say if this will keep him afloat or if the bubble burst soon . 
  exactly , because we went through that shit once , we do n't want to see this all get repeted again . 
  basically , the new government shits on freedom of press , disregards the constitutional court , basically turn poland more and more facist . 
  the german canrival shits on everyone , in special the cologne one . 
  but there is a different degree in idiocracy here . 
  trump lies 70 % of the time , he is with that at least twice as bad as the worst liar in german politician of the afd , who are around 30-40 % ( and who are the closest in idiology to trump ) . 
  yes , all politicians do bad stuff , but trump basically wants to top them all with his actions . 
  first of all , this is rediculuse . 
  alone the existance of art . 
  50 ( which was still not triggered ) makes this idea invalid . 
  as long as the uk has the option to go out , there is nothing taken away , but in the end , the power lays with the people , which is enough to make it good enough . 
  also , even when there is the possibility that something could be dicided against the brits , it never happend . 
  they say it happend , but as long as the big three , germany , uk and france were n't with an idea , nothing was dicided , and actually , i do n't know eu-regulation that was passed with majority-vote ( greece-resuce was , as far as i know , not a eu-theme at all , but a system that was created apart from the eu since the eu itself has no right to govern in this area ) . 
  the thing is , a decission to split apart from the union is okay , but for that , the people that actually dicide if to seperate should have an idea what they dicide about . 
  but when the leave-campain litterly prints something on their bus as their strongest argument , just to revoke this promise the fucking day they win , than there is nothing more of an informed election . 
  at least half of the promises they had were revoced within the first week after winning , and for the rest , there is still not a single idea or plan in hand to do what they promised apart from the immigration-part . 
  you looked at the news since the current government came into power ? 
  i really ca n't see why everyone loves your fries so much . 
  tasted them once and want prefer the dutch , than the german , and belgiums are dead last . 
  the party that the_donald whishes to get into government . 
  so bascially far-right idiots . 
  they are created by socalled `` karnevallsvereinen '' ( carnival clubs ) , which everyone can enlist to . 
  all vagons from which kamelle ( sweets ) are thrown from are made by the club that is riding them . 
  the other are selected by the comittee the bigger clubs are part of and they dicide who will make which wagon . 
  they share all a smilar styl because this style has pretty much tradition . 
   yet to be proven have you lived under a rock since the inauguration . 
  i have n't seen any competent action of him , and in spcial cnn is on here nearly around the clock , so i saw quite alot of his actions up to now ( my mom had an accident a few weeks ago and has now her bed in the livingroom , where she watches cnn basically all day long ) . 
  i just watch the zoch , it is very popular by the massess . 
  this is tradition . 
  as long as this carnival happend here in d\u00fcsseldorf , as long it is political . 
   before the treaty of lisbon was passed in 2007 yeah - you know that the lisbon treaty is a treaty that every single membernation agreed upon . 
  i the uk government and parliament had to agree to this change . 
  so , you basically complain that something changed with the consent of the people that are now angry that it changed ? 
  yeah - but getting a president who 's complete theme is `` us against them '' , you basically failed to start the end of devision . 
  `` we do n't want anymore fire , so get more gasoline everywhere ! '', 
  yeah , we learned to recognize assholes the hard way , so we share now when we see one . 
  well , it actually does , same as trump helps them alot . 
  nothing is better to convince muslims that is is right with their propaganda of hatred than these idiots . 
  first , the fact with the `` undemocratic unions '' is already missleading , since , in case of the parliament , it is directly elected , in case of the council , it consists of the head of states / the ministers of the states ( depending on the reason they come together ) of every memberstate , or the comission that is a cabinet of representatives of each nation , choosen by these nations . 
  so , there is always a democratical legitamsation in every part , either thrue elections , or thru the democratic legitimisation of the government . 
  the fact that you do n't know that is actually a proove that a decision made by the people is democratically worhtless if a massive campaing was used to blind the people for the situation . 
  and yes , in this case , a vote casted in an election is not properly democratically . 
  well , it is pretty hard these days when they do n't give out lube to the strap-ons , but i am sure , your butt will heal soon . 
  well , because it violates the democratic principles when one side bluntly lies about everything to drag people on their side , as much actually that most of the ideas people have on the subject are blantly wrong and most of the promises are revoced the day after the election . 
  just because a vote was cast does not mean that it was properly democratical . 
  if i remember correctly , it never reached the court , but the state prosecuter saw the liklyhood that this case would succeed in court to remote to sent it to court and instead it was put on stay . 
  and there we thought chris christi is of no use anymore . 
  the trial was put on stay months ago . 
  the thing is , even foreign people and idiots we do n't like have human rights that we have to honor , and if there is an insult , even satire , that has no base in reality whatsoever and is just created to insult , not to mock some truth , than you have violated that right . 
  nothing special . 
  and in such borderline-cases like b\u00f6hmermann , well , than it is for the courts to dicide . 
  you mean like this nice collection of wagons about her in the past decade since she is in office : https://www.google.de/search?q=karneval+merkel&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjczzwzrbdsahubpswkhdyfagyq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=631, 
  that is d\u00fcsseldorf-carnival , they have tradition to be all political . 
  if you want non-policital wagons , you go to cologne where there are only a very few of them , or just straight go to brazil , they have boobs instead . 
  that is d\u00fcsseldorf 's carnival , it is always political . 
  if you just want to see funny wagons , you go to cologne , they have only one trump-themed wagon with him grabbing the statue of liberty at the pussy , but the rest is mostly non-political, 
  well , in the 1830 's , the greece actually offered otto from bavaria their crown . 
  i do n't know , i only have a rough idea of france politics to be honest , and i am still disturbed that she could come that far as she is now ( well , there happens quite alot rather worrying things there , from radalizing blacks to raping and than lying police ) . 
  i honestly have no clue how all of this will develope further . 
  i just hope that the example of trump will more and more people question the legitamazy of such maniacs . 
  well , in greece , there were several things . 
  one part of the problem where the massive abuse of systems ( for example , the amount of olive-trees the greeks got eu-fundings for yould fill half of the meditaranian ) , but at the same time , modernisation in economical structures did n't happen , and company-owners were rather looked down upon . 
  also , it took month and unbelievable buerocratic burdens in order to establish a new company , and so on . 
  basically , the money was rather investment in pensions than in building up a local economy , which lead to most of the money flowing in and out of greece immidiatly due to an import-rate of daily necessaties of 70 % . 
  afd  ( alternative f\u00fcr deutschland / alternative for germany ) . 
  yeah , they are a problem , but it seems that they got stuck at around 10 - 15 % in the pollings , and they are most likly accurate . 
  this is still significant since there was never a right-winged party like them about to be part of parliament , but at the same time , they are still not a real threat for the democracy as a whole . 
  nontheless , they create news basically on a daily basis ( today it was about how the party tries to kick h\u00f6cke out who mentioned during a speech that the holocaust-memorial in berlin was a symbol of disgrace ) . 
  there is a big problem in this idea . 
  economy is one of the major parts of a state . 
  no social system can work without money , no government can pay their officials without earnings of taxes . 
  basically , a state without money is a failed state .
