  well , schulz just hugged our gazprom chancellor and let him speak on his behalf during the general assembly of the spd . 
  yeah , and in addition to that letting the gazprom chancellor speak to start his rally . 
  honestly , when the spd wants to remind the world why not to vote for them , they should give us more schr\u00f6der . 
   however , no one would deny that humans have fundamental rights to liberty ( free movement or political participation ) revoked for conviction of a serious crime . 
  they are not revoced , but limited . 
  if they would be revoced , you would n't need a legal justification for the continuation of the imprisonment for example . 
  if you say that the human right of libery would be completly revoced for any seriouse crime , than the courts would be able to hand out sentences that are no longer bound by the consideration of the fault of the person , no revision of cases of inmates would be legally necessary since they have no right to ever become free again . 
  just because there is a justification to limit rights does not mean that these rights disappear . 
   note : i 'd say humans are guaranteed rights which are protected , but i think `` awarded '' is much more appropriate given that no nation here using the natural rights doctrine . 
  yes , we do , actually , the complete civil law uses the nature right doctrin , and the acknowledgment of human rights is a product of the natural rights doctrin . 
  you have human rights because you are human , not because they are awarded to you . 
  because of that , any nation that attempts to take human rights away from a person is in violation of the human rights itself , no matter what the person does . 
   my point was - it doesnt fit the wording of murder , therefor its not a good example . 
  what i meant was that the act fits the german law for murder , that provides that killing a sleeping person is always murder , so i might sounded not very clear . 
  and yes , i agree that there is a problem with social media-sites , in special when the policing is given to them as the current law of maas proposes . 
  this is indeed a problem for what i have currently no solution for . 
  the problem is that inciting on the internet is a major problem , and that most of the terroristic activities ( is it to drive into a group of people screaming allah akbar or lighting refugee-homes on fire ) found their starting point in inciting internet activities , so there is a need to work here on a solution without endangering the rights of freedom of opinion and expression . 
   but in the example you gave - '' mother that kills a tyrannical father who threatens to kill the son when he sees him again '' does not fit the legal definition of murder - i would give the definition here to prove that , but there is no universal definition ( different countries , different laws , different definitions ) . 
  also killing is often divided into sections ( murder , manslaughter , etc ) with clear boundaries . 
  ehm , that is what i said , you can only read a law if you look at the system the law is embedded in . 
  thus , there is a clear definition of murder under german law , and killing a sleeping person is always a part of it , with the expection of the case i called priorly because it was deemed unjust to sentence a wife in such cases of house-tyrants . 
  my complete point is that , when you only look at the wording , without acknowleding the system this law exists in , with the restrictions and actual usage the system puts around this law , you ca n't really say anything if the law is silly or anything . 
   yes , im not saying that is a necessarily bad thing , just that when times change ( growth of social media ) , the laws change with it ( saying certain things online becomes illegal ) and its best to make sure , that those changes are in the right direction ( not censorship , not interpreting the law for other - sometimes political - reasons , etc ) . 
  for me , there are two scnarios : when a nation has ultimative freedom with lawes that ca n't be limited , it needs courts to defend these laws . 
  if someone takes over , not only the legislative or executive branch , but two or three branches of government at the same time , written law becomes meaningless and every written law that grants rights can be forgotten . 
  that is what we had with hitler . 
  the weimar constitution had fundamental human rights in it , they were just not applied anymore as soon as a tyrant took over . 
  the other scenario is when you have very cautionally written laws that restricts freedoms just as little as possible to prevent tyrants of taking over . 
  as long as the courts are working and respect the basic freedoms , everything is okay . 
  it takes a similar takeover as in the other scenario to abolish the rights of people , in special the rights of freedom of opinion and expression . 
  if these bastions fall , than the judiciary system is taken over an broken by a new tyrannical government , just as the other example . 
  the difference here is that it is more difficult for a tyrant to take over since it is more difficult for him to create the necessary momentum . 
  so , as long as you have working courts , in special a working constitutional court , both systems work fine , just is the other more likly to fall into tyranny that can dismantel the laws completly . 
  about the thing about holocaust-denial : the only questionable thing is that it is a written law that specifically targets holocaust-denial , not that holocaust denial is outlawed as a special form of incitment to hatred . 
  what the german constitution actually forbids is to target special ideas or principles , whith the only violation of it that the usage of nazi-symbolism outside of an educational or artistic background are especially prohibited . 
  if this law would be scapped , the effect would be that these things would still be prohibited since there is basically not many situations really thinkable where someone wears proudly nazi-insignia without wanting to incite . 
  and with holocaust-denial , well , the fact here is as well that people that knows it better ( in recent years the one that i know of who was prosecuted was the wife of a jew-mass-murderer ) and tried to spead it in order to diminish the things the nazi 's did to the jews and basically to incite again hatred against jews . 
  so , there is little political effort to change this law that would n't change much in the practice . 
  first , due to my law-studies , and basically by being constantly in public media . 
  also , i studied american law under an american professor who was in the past a defeandent in the civil liberty union and loved the american constiuttion , where the principles of free speech were put against our freedom of opinion and expression . 
  thus , i spend time to study the different ideals and pratical implimentations of these two systems , and made my own view of these . 
  also , my family runs a business in the low-income-area ( cleaning hospitals ) where i jobbed in the past and where my mom still works , so i have contact with people that actually are on the lowerst-level of the information-gathering-point , and see their way of thinking there . 
  ehm , if you look at the german discussion , we actually see quite alot of trump , but the connection between him and hitler are here more often heard than in the us . 
  basically , trump used the same playbook with his rethoric and argumentation than hitler , just that hitler had a real econimic crises to launch off from while trump has one that was talked into existance by fox news . 
  yes , the us has problems due to the broken economy , but actually , it would help more if republicans whould have less controle . 
  the complete program of trump based on three main pillars : america is weak , we have to be strong again ; the other 's are the reason why we are weak so we can only be strong by beating them / throwing them out ; if we do that we get jobs and are successfull again and by the way , i make coal-jobs right now . 
  in contrast hitler : we are humilliated and weak ; in special jews made this due to their involvement in banking and because jews made sind the surrender / the eastern people are wothless so we can take them over ; if we win this , we have more food for us , more jobs , and by the way , i create the autobahn to make jobs . 
  it actually pooved again that what happend in germany 1933 can happen everywhere , but it also helped to show how iditoic he was to discourage people to vote far-right . 
  so , after questioning the reddit investigator , it looks like you are finnish , at least your treats in / r/suomi makes it look like . 
  so , one seriouse question : what do you know about the german situation , i mean apart from idiolgical theories ? 
   this fear of open discussion permeates the whole society , making germans afraid to openly discuss issues like immigration even in private ( i encounter this all the time when interacting with germans ) . 
  honestly , that is bogouse . 
  i spoke with a few people with rather , let 's say in my opintion questionable idiologies before , and what is rather true is that people do n't like to be shunned by the society . 
  the fact that a broad part of the public would n't look at you with their behind is rather the reason why there is no open discussion . 
  there was this one trump supporter , an exile american , running a burger-shop in germany . 
  after he made this comment on tv , his complete shop is ruined because the news that he supports trump was like a wild-fire in the city and now he has to close down business . 
  same when you are a pegida-supporter . 
  as long as you are not in your little cirlce who share such believes , the general public will simply outcast you . 
  if you are known on the internet for being a nazi , you ca kiss goodby every job that make a internet-research about their employees . 
  and that is not because of any inctiment-laws , but because it is seen as public shame to have someone in your ranks . 
  well , i know that it does n't happen because , well , as a law-student , it is part of my job to learn about the real-life application of this law , about the legal boundaries and under which circumstances this law is a violation of the constitution . 
  and voicing opinion without actually spreading violent hate-content is not illegal . 
  and one question , how do you know that it has this effect on people , that , when they hear about incitment of hatred in the news , and seconds later the csu politician s\u00f6der who is a rather hard on the right-wing spectrum of the cdu / csu coalition ? 
  the question is the effect of the people , and here , i simply do n't see this chilling effect in public , since there is a hell lot of criticism against the policies of merkel , and a hell lot of people that are concerned , over month there were hundret of people that were n't prosecuted for marching for pegida ( only when one made a public speech that we could reopen the concentration camps for refugees , i think that created a case ) . 
  since these cases are normally talked about , people cann see the radical content that is actually prosecuted against . 
  yes , it is pretty simple . 
  blasphemy laws prohibit certain ideas and principles , while incitment of hatred are laws that do not prohibit certain ideas and principles , but a special kind of usage of speech ( inciting ) indipendend of the content or purpose you use it for . 
  it is the same as i can be against manslaughter , but at the same time okay with police shooting a kidnapper in the head to save the victim . 
  same principle action , different purpose . 
  first of all , no , there is no danger that anyone will come after you for any comment like that . 
  you see them often enough on tv , even by politicians like the bavarian csu which are part of the federal government . 
  your argument is rather a strawman argument that only looks at your imagination of the situation than the truth . 
  there is plenty of evidence that people still criticise the current intigration-policies . 
  the only thing that might create a prosecution if you steop from criticising these policies into blunt polemic , when you actually stop to discuss and only spread hatred . 
  i have n't seen a comment that was discussed in media or during my studies of law , even when the inciter themselves only called it `` criticism '' , which was not basic insults spread in order to steer up hatred . 
  these comments in question applaud if refugee-homes are burned down , better even when there are refugees still inside , that applaud the recent terrostic attack against muslim in the uk , these are comments that suddenly speak about a burnd down church by muslims while the church was still safe and sound , they are making up about rape-stories that are simply not true ( see case of this russian girl , and it is only illegal if you actually spread the story knowing it is not true ) , etc. 
  we are not talking about simple critisism , but inciting . 
   this specific action is illegal ( no room for interpretation on the action ) . 
  each law can be redicioulus . 
  theft is difined in germany as taking something that is posession of someone else and is punishable by up to five years in prison . 
  the wording includes when i steal a lollipop from a baby . 
  murder is , among other things , always given , when i kill someone in his sleep , but what about the mother that kills a tyrannical father who threatens to kill the son when he sees him again ? 
  the wording fit , the ruling would be unjust . 
  that is why , when you actually look at the cases , that every law read without sense and understanding can be ridiculed . 
   level of interpretation allowed and when its about a fundamental right , that can be dangerous . 
  yes , there is a level of interpretation , but one that was narrowed down by the constitutional court . 
  law is always about interpretation . 
  and by the way , fundamental rights are always discussion . 
  in germany , the first draft of art . 
  2 i gg was basically `` every human can do whatever they want '' and the changes to `` are free to develop their personality freely '' was done , as you can see in the documents of the draft of the constitution , only to make it sound better . 
  that means one of the most fundamental rights in germany is that you can do whatever you want , and generally every purposfully human action is protected by the constitution in the first place . 
  what that means is that all branches of government have to argue why they limit these freedoms , and the more restrictive they are aobut a freedom , the more they have to show the benefits of it , how other 's rights or goal of constitutional level are supported by this . 
  due to that , the constitutional cout gives , when the government fucked up and did n't do this balancing between protecting the rights of all people correctly , binding guidelines , which , yes , have to be interpreted again , but when the court messes that up , the convicts are free to go to the constitutional court again and challange this . 
  edit : by the way , our normal courts are also rather well known to actually follow the guidelines of the constitutional court , so they do n't have to look at every case , only when these guidelines were either ignored or they would create a unconstitutional outcome in this case . 
  this law simply does n't care what the insulted feels like , that is legally completly irrelevant . 
  it is not even asked how they feel . 
  that is most prominent visible in the fact that in most of these cases , no member of any of the insulted party is present or would ever read this comment . 
  the only thing that counts is if the person intents to use his langauge , by insults or anything , to create a sentiment in the public that could lash out into violence . 
  so , the only question in place is what the inciter thinks his friends he is talking to will think and how they react , if he wants them to get more and more angry in order to heighten the anger-level more and more until it bursts , it creates a legal liablity . 
  if not , nobody cares .
