  no , we go for example to the museum , so we meet at the school or the station , than take a ride to the museum all together , than walk around the muesuem while we get told stuff about the exebition , than take a ride back either to the designated meeting-point or the school . 
  you attend school when you come to the meeting-point , cling to the group until the end and than get officially released by the teachers . 
  i went to dozens of school visits and never was anybody missing . 
  normally , two to three teachers acompany the lot and have an eye on everyone . 
   yes , you know , state schools are state schools for a reason : that reason being that they are free . 
  might as well ban poor people altogether school trips for poor people are payed for by the state . 
  you have to hand in documents to proove that your parents receive state benefits of some sorts , but than , you do n't have to pay for anything , even complete week-trips can be funded by the state . 
  we never needed one as long as we stayed in the allowed area . 
  as young child ( maybe 7th grade ) you can go everywhere in your city or district , older everywhere in the state . 
  i ca n't remember that i needed for any of our school trips a written consent of the parents . 
  our muslims schoolmates participated in every single of the two anual visits to the church , the one before christmas and the one before the end of the school-year . 
  first , there are situations where the mother earns more money than the man , it is not that often , but this exists as well . 
  furthermore , if you think raising a child alone does not mean that her life is in most cases `` fucked up '' for the entire time the child is growin up , you are quite deluded . 
  meanwhile , without the money of a possible more liquid father , the life of the child is probably fucked up as well . 
  the liklyhood that a mother can not support herself and a child properly when she ca n't work properly due to the child is rather high . 
  also , it is not for the community to pay for the inability of the man and woman to use proper protection . 
  there are child support from the state as well as unemployment benefits , but first and formost , the people that created the life has to be asked to pay for this life . 
  and btw , as soon as the child lives alone , he can ( and actually , if you want to have money from the state during that time , you are forced ) to demand the child support of both parents as long as you are eligable , from mother and father , since , as i said , the duty to support the child lies with mother and father alike . 
  it is just that the mother is supporting the child rather automatically when she raises it . 
  btw . 
  this here is not from the position of an anti-man-idiot , i am rather for anti-discrimination , but not by violating rights of children . 
  i speak as someone who 's father left the family around the time of birth , was actually conceived during the last month of the marriage . 
  my father had to be sued for every penny he paid for us , so , i can actually understand the position of the child quite well . 
  without the support of the family of my mother , we kids would have been pretty fucked up , more than we already were with tons of second-hand clothes and all that . 
  i am for the idea of anti-discrimination in the form that the fathers should get more often the full custody in case of a divorce ( with the effect that the mother will have to pay for the child ) , also that the man has more rights to check if the child is really his or from someone else , i am in favor of laws that force the mother to discolse the real father so that the alleged father can get all the money back from this guy . 
  i am for all these methods and more - as long as the well-beeing of the child is not endagered - and you are standing for basically one of the view points where this is the case . 
  yeah - but you should remember one thing : kids have their own rights as well , and the child support is a right of the child - not the mother . 
  the child is not at fault for its existence , but both , mother and father are , so it is unjust for the child to suffer for having an asshole as a father who is not willing to stand up for his own actions . 
  it is not in the power of either the mother or the father to waiver the children 's right against the parents . 
  well , an abortion is a medical procedure that , as prooven , bears physiological and psychological risks to a woman . 
  due to that , abortions are under strict regulations including several medical and psychological tests to see if the woman is really okay with doing that - and even than , the risks are still there . 
  so , it is one thing for a woman to do this on their own , knowing about the consequences , or if it is forced upon her because the father wants it . 
  if the father do n't want to become a father , make sure to buy a good condom in a pharmacy , learn how to put it on and how to securly use it . 
  most children born despite condom happend due to wrong use of the condom or due to cheap or old condoms that simply does not work properly anymore . 
  or just do n't be a male whore and fuck whoever your dick points at and have some responsibility . 
  as a fellow male : it is possible not to just fuck around but only do it in a real relationship . 
  well , that was just the rough concept , for the details , there are more clear laws and rulings to determine this better . 
  but in the end , it is a decision on a case-to-case basis . 
  what you have to reconsider is that marriage is here a purly legal concept , a church-marriage has actually no legal meaning around here , if you do it in a chruch or in front of a copying maschine has the same effect on your personal status , only if you comit yourself in front of an official you will be married , and than you have duties and obligations to the other part , and these are permanent , it will only end when the other part remarriage . 
  by the way , this also includes pensions claims the working partner gets during the marriage , they will go partly to the other partner as well . 
  the idea is that you married the person , so you took on your free will the obligation on you to take care of this partner , in good and bad , and even after you ended the relationship . 
  to be honest , partly it is also to ease up the social security network since you have first to make sure you get the appropriate money from your spouse or your former marriage-partner before the state has to pay for you . 
  well , the idea is that , when you are married , you will work for each other , and often , the one stays at home and does the homework / raise the children , while the other works and earns money . 
  so both worked together , and while staying at home , the wife ( or in modern family also the man ) might loose her possibility to earn money herself , or she has to step back away from promotions that would force her to neglect the children . 
  so , both worked for the family , but only one side receives money as compensation from his workplace . 
  because of that , the earning partner has to pay the other one with less income enough so that they can continue their lifestile as long as the earning partner can also continue to live his own lifestyle . 
  and why should we careful , everybody knows about these duties , that is part of deciding to get married . 
  if you are married , and even after a divorce , you have to pay your wife an suitable income ( as long as you do n't go into poverty thereby yourself ) . 
  meaning , the more you earn , the more you have to pay for your wife . 
  for children , it is rather a fixed rate you have to pay every month . 
  there is a dependence on the income of tha father , but it is not the same as for the wife . 
  and it is most likly that the parents of the girls agreed back when the girl was married in their nation of origin . 
  for the child - yes , but he has not provide an income for the mother alike . 
  in special this income for the wife can be way more than he has to pay for the child alone . 
  so , when marriage is revoced : pay for the child alone if the marriage is intact : pay for the child + pay income for the wife . 
  rather there are so many applications at one place ( due to the lack of european cooperation ) that they have not the capacity to do the full check with everyone . 
  it has a pretty good reason though . 
  if the marriage is revoced , it is legally as it was never happend , meaning that the man is not obliged to pay aliments and to his other duties he has as a husband . 
  in special if there is a kid , the woman could need the protection provided by the marriage ( again , duty for the husband not only to pay for the child , but provide an income for the wife alike when he can work ) . 
  same was here in germany for most of the time . 
  despite that , a legal minimum wage was introduced a little while ago to prevent dogy unions to screw this system ( and because of a extreme demand to do it from the left ) . 
  yes , i think so as well . 
  i now search eur-lex for ceta and found this proposal for a council decision regarding ceta . 
  this proposal alone is translated in 23 languages : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?qid=1477933362300&amp;uri=celex:52016pc0443, 
  because every politician has the knowledge to understand the contence / s they have their consultants that are specialized in different fields of laws and they read / discuss the treaty and create a report the politicians will use . 
  if you look at a usual site of eur-lex ( the site where you can look in the eu-treaties ) , you will see that these treaties are all in a hell lot of languages . 
  for example the lisabon treaty : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=oj:c:2016:202:toc, 
  well , but you can anticipate at least some developments . 
  i worked a little bit in the field of international law ( participating in an international-law moot court , so 3/4 of a year intense studying of veriouse fields of international law ) and also participated in courses especially for the material law of investment law ( and succeeded with a pretty good great ) . 
  what i learned while discussing the than already released texts of ceta was that during the creation of ceta , all known legal disputes within the international-law community and in special between the investment-courts were decided within ceta in favor of the state . 
  insofar , it can be predicted that at least within the known spectrum of disputes , ceta will most likly resolve these problems . 
  of course , we can never know what the next lawyer will think up on the basis of these treaties , in special treaties are generally rather open in their formulation to give states the necessary freedom , but i think it is a good step in the right direction . 
  he has this idea now ? 
  the texts are available to read for two years , btw . 
  investor-state settlements happening for decades , investion law existes since the 50 's . 
  well , at least they started the overdue reform of the muder and manslaughter paragraph . 
  that is also an important issue , it was just not that much in the mind of the public , but whoever really has a legal background knows how necessary this change is ( actually , in my second semester , i asked the law professor why they still kling on that law and have n't changed it already :d ), 
  yeah - because that gives you an understanding to the people you visit that have religion a part of their personality , even when it is a moderate version which respect other people and their faith / lack of faith . 
  / s only learning about the bad side of things can helpt to keep them away , but it will also help the people that like to burn down refugee-homes , or our nice nsu-killers that went on a decade-long killing spree against everything moslem . 
  religion is a part of life , and by keeping it completly out of school , we give this part of education to the churches and radical preachers that will never teach anything about religion in a object and neutral manner . 
  this drives people rather in the opposit , into deeper religion , than a formal and objective discussion . 
  take a comparison of the us and germany . 
  us has completly forbidden religion in school and at the same time , us is insanly religiouse , heck , in your presidential speaches , god is often mentioned more often than by the pope !, 
  in germany on the other hand where religion is thought in school , we have quite a high rate of atheism , athist views are respected everywhere , and even the religiouse people are okay with evolution and think creationism is stupid . 
  so , it leads to a way more moderate view of religion to really discuss religion with someone other than the priest . 
  yeah , i really can imagine that some parents would have been freaked out by our sex-ed . 
  one homework was ( when we were 13 ) to go to a shop and buy a packet of condoms and bring them with us the day after to school where we put the condoms on these chemical glasses to learn how to put condoms on . 
  but that really helped , it showed that nobody will looks weired when you are , even as a 13 year old kid , buys a pack of condoms . 
  edit : and if i remember correctly , we ( the boys only of course ) were encouraged to use the remaining condoms of the package at home to train to put them properly on . 
  that compared with the info that most unwanted pregnencies happen because of the burst of a condom due to a wrong way to put them on - yeah - i tried several on that day :d . 
  muslims are the biggest minority in germany . 
  we learn absolute basics of islam so that we can have at least a little understanding for the persons that we meet in our daily live , just as the moslems get a basic education about christianaty as well . 
  it is not really to make everyone comply to the system , but to honor the rights of the children , even against the will of the parents . 
  the children has the right to see a world apart of the one that his parents life in , it has the right to choose if it wants to live `` normal '' in the society or , if the parents are somewhat odd , decide to follow them . 
  it is basically all to give an option and some knowledge to question which way you want to take . 
  if the child never leaves home because his parents do n't want him to face other believes than their own because they fear he could decide to take another path , that is supression of the kid and basically a violation of his chance later in life to become a critical thinking person . 
  the parents can , when they at home , still indoctrinate the child however they like , but school gives the child the toolbox to really think about it . 
  for example , the parents can teach creationism , the child will get evolution theory in school and than can decide which argumenation it likes better . 
  the school does not force you to believe evolution theory , but by having to learn it , you have to at least think about the argumentation and than can decide . 
  basically .
