  so , is there a certain bias in these national media 's , yes , because there is no unbias media . 
  but they have a different bias to the privat media which are just as bias and often even less free to research in all the directions because they are less controlled by the public due to the private structure . 
  it 's litteraly not . 
  it is state law how this is formed . 
  the comission governing over these channels are 50 % from the political parties , both from the governing and the opposition to prevent one side to controle these media outlets , while the other halfs are filled with representatives of groups like the unions , femal right groups , gay right groups , churches , etc. 
  this way , the content are a representation of the struggle of these grou\u00f6s and the shifting alliances between the different intrest groups and parties . 
  yeah - because we totally do n't see at the moment how the us-media canabalize itself over the fact that their longing for profit and revenue enabled trump to become bigger , that their demand for scandal witch creates viewer deluded their objective view . 
  and we do n't see that more and more people tend to only consume media that is to their liking so that critical papers and newsoutlets loose more and more share in the open market . 
  let 's face it , legit journalism is a system that sympliy is too expensive in these days where you can get your news-to-go in the internet . 
  sometimes , it takes month if not years for a team of journalists to find the scandal that needs to be uncovered , and in that time , they do n't write enough to support their value , but without them , we only hear the newest styling ideas of the cardashians as the top news or you end with artifically higthened scandals to create tension . 
  so , these public channels are meant to provide alternative thoughts and do research that normally would n't be possible due to a lack of funding , because only this way , the investigative journalism will survive in the long run . 
  yeah - but having only channels that are mainly owned by a few major special-interest capitalist idiots ( like murdock in the uk ) is sooo much better . 
  in contrast here , we have both , private media like n-tv and n24 ( for the news coverage ) + several private channels for entertainment , in addition to public media which are known for their investigative and often critical journalism by the way . 
  their entertainmant-part sucks pretty much , but when it comes to real journalism , they are regularly among the best . 
  these channels are financed by the rundfunkgeb\u00fchr , but the organization of these institutions are deliberatly seperated from the state . 
  the state is forced to pay money to these channels no matter what the say or talk . 
  politicians tried to influence these channels , but they generally fail , it becomes public , and the politicians are screwed for a while . 
  these channels are controled by the `` rundfunkrat '' , which is set up by state-legislation and it is not without critic , but the constitutional court ruled quite clearly that this body is as long legal as the government has no majority in it . 
  at the moment , the govermental parts of this body is roughly 50 % , the other parts are made of organizations like unions , churches , official associations , etc. 
  to emphasize this , germany has the concept of competetive democracy , meaning everything is tollerated as long as it does not endanger the existence of democracy itself , because views to demolish democracy endangers the very essence of what the democracy is about to protect . 
  we have to see how such an army has to be formed . 
  non of the current eu-treaties is sufficient to provide a legal framework - so a new treaty has to be written that has to be agreed by every member of this military force . 
  so basically , the red lines will be negotiated into and i really doubt that there wo n't be a rule that says `` military activities outside of the eu only when all members agree upon it , everyone will have a full veto-right '' . 
  that creates the idea that the eu-army and the national armies are identical . 
  what could be an option that every nation gives a certain part of their national defence to the eu while the other part stayes completly indipendend . 
  in the end , the details have to be discussed wihtin the treaty-negotiation , but i really ca n't see how nations that are traditionally more neutral and very cautious with military involvments , which are plentyfull in the eu ( starting with germany where everything besides humanitarian aid is publically highly scrutaniced , and where the maximum of actual combat-help are our avax survailiance-aircrafts ) , could agree to anything else . 
  yeah - we saw during the refugee-crisis how all of europe did what she told and everything went nice and smoothly . 
  please , decide if germany is the nation of the guilt-complex or the nation of the fourth reich , it would be really appriciated . 
   which means ` never ' . 
  that would never sit well with countries like france or poland which have interests outside of the eu . 
  because of that , the eu-army would probably never fully negate the existance of national armies . 
  i could imagine a rule that nations can temporally reduce their participation of the eu-army to a certain extend to do military intervention on their own choosing ( and their own expenses and under their own flag ) so that nations like france can do what they want to do for their interests outside of the eu . 
  the conctrete details have to be negotiated , but i ca n't imagine that there would be any action of the eu-army itself without such a veto right since to many nations would n't participate in anything without such a right ( including germany probably that does not like to be involved in any kind of agressive military actions ) . 
   what happens if the member states get attacked at their oversear territories ? 
  would the italian navy defend french guyana or spanish melilla ? 
  something that has to be agreed in that treaty . 
  no clue what would be the result of that . 
   let 's not pretend that the army would n't totally let the baltics or finland overrun . 
  and what the hell make you think you that ? 
  if there is a attack and these nations are members of the eu-army , it would be naturally to do everything possible to defend these . 
  i think for these situations , the different nations would have be the right of temporal reduction of their pariticipation in the eu-army to go under their own name , their own controle and their own expenses to do whatever they like . 
  a move of the eu-army itself would need an unanimous agreement between all member states to go into action . 
  but at that point when all states can agree upon that , it is the same as would every single of their armies decide to go to war , and that is nothing i see coming despite at the most imense catastrophy imaginable . 
  because of that , a treaty would establish an eu-army would espically prevent such an interpretation . 
  there are to many nations that do n't like such interpretations for any other outcome . 
  the defence-situation would probably only include actions of wars in european borders , for example to prevent annexation . 
  as soon as the agressor is out of the borders , it would need an unanoimouse agreement between all participating nation to attack , and here , every state is bound to have a veto-right . 
  i simply ca n't see any other way a treaty that has to be aprooved by every single participant could ever be established . 
  sorry , how was the reign of gustav v. it seemed that you knew him personally since your references are as outdated as the time he was your king . 
  also , it showes as much political and historical knwoledge as a breitbart reporter . 
  btw . 
  i heard they want to open european offices , maybe you want to join ? 
  and under what premise would they attack . 
  an eu-army would have to be created under a new treaty , a treaty that would have to be completly agreed upon every single member state and by their parliament . 
  i simply ca n't see how the different nations of the eu could agree upon such a treaty if there is not a full veto-right for every single member-state to prevent such an attack . 
  so , such attack on the middle east of the eu-army would need the unanimouse agreement between every single member-state . 
  a situation of defence on european soil would probably different though , since a nation with special interest could broke open the european defence otherwise . 
  so , my idea of what will most likly happen is : attack from outside of the eu on european soil : automatic defence situation as long as the war is on european soil . 
  every foot on the ground outside of the eu : agreement between all memberstates with veto-right of every single nation to prevent such a thing . 
  and these questions have to be adressed by an international treaty . 
  what people sometimes confuse ( i think ) is that an eu-army would neither be created by the eu or its organs itself , but rather on the basis of a new treaty . 
  the formation of an army is that far out of the scope of the lisabon treaty that a new regulation would have to be implemented . 
  and that is only possible with a multinational treaty that every single state that wants to participate has to agree upon . 
  i simply ca n't see how an eu-army-treaty could be agreed upon on any other premise as that it is only allowed for defence inside the eu against agressors from outside , for catastrophy controle ( floodings or earthquakes ) and for internatinal participation under the premise that every single nation of the eu has a full veto-right to prevent any participation wathsoever . 
  this way , it would need the complete agreement between all nations to go to any kind of outer-eu-conflict , and i hardly see how that will ever happen other then an utmost desperate moment where the necessaty is that strong that they would otherwise create an joint-army-attack as well . 
  what i could imagine though is the temporary reduction of a nations participation in the eu-froce in cases that this nation wants to participate in a conflict themselves , but than not under the eu-flag , not with eu-funding and not under eu-controle . 
  i hardly doubt that the eu-army could be formed on a basis that would include outside missions , at least not without unanonimouse consent between all member-states . 
  what people tend to forget is that , for an eu-army , a new treaty every single member-state has to agree with would be a necessaty , and in there , the red lines will have to be definded or else an agreement is literally impossible . 
  and because of that , it can , and i am pretty sure it will ( since everyone has to agree to such a treaty , and i ca n't see how all would agree otherwise ) contain the basic regulation that the eu-army is only to be used on european soil in cases of either an attack from the outside or for catastrophic controle ( floodings , earthquakes , etc ) and that for any usage of the army outside of this , every participating state has a full veto-right so that no nation can do any agressive notions . 
  what i could imagine that could be included is a temporary reduction of a nations participation for the eu-army in case the nation ( for example france ) participates in an international conflict that is out of the scope of the eu-army . 
  something like that would probably be included so that states like france , who like to do interventions around the world , would participate . 
  and you think that an eu-army would become an agressor ? 
  we have several nations that are heavely against opressive military actions . 
  the liklyhood that an eu-army that would certainly need the approval of all memberstate would invade another nation is neglectably small , and in case of an attack ( for example , out of pure imagination , from our eastern neighbour that acts quite weired for quite a while now ) it would enable a true defence since basically no nation alone would be able at the moment to defend themselves against a full blown invastion-attempt . 
  i doubt that this is a post-trumpagedon-poll . 
  at the point the poll was done , the nato was still the most reliable option and it seemed so unlikly that a maniac that already thought about exiting the nato would become the next eu-president . 
  with the new circumstances , i can imagine very well that the support for an eu-army would rise all over the board . 
  no , it is impossible . 
  first of all , we do n't have direcly elected officials apart from the town-majors . 
  but neither the head of the states nor the head of the federal government are directly elected , but rather gets elected by the parliament ( chancellor ) or by a congress of the federal parliament and representatives of the states ( president ) . 
  we only vote for the seats in the parliament which is elected by a combination of a proportionate and direct vote ( the proportionate vote decides what percentage of the seats goes to each party , the direct vote decides about the personell . 
  if a party gets less direct votes than proportionate seats , mp 's are elected by a prior given in list . 
  if a party gets more direct votes than proportionate seats , the other parties will get more seats until the proportion is reached ) . 
  the problem is that the follower of these people are often in the post-factual world , where emotions are more important than any fact . 
  but i agree that we have to talk with them - to a certain extend . 
  and the rubicon is crossed as soon as we talk about the distruction of the human rights . 
  there is no space in the political discussion about whether the human rights are applicable or not . 
  and the problem is that these parties started to make ideas that are in violation of human rights puplically available . 
  and that is why we ca n't speak truely with them , because the mere acknowledgment of the possibility to waiver human rights is questioning the fundamental principles this society is based on , it is questioning the ideals that we payed for with blood and the souls of generations of people . 
  these principles are what seperates current europe with the barbary we had in the first half of the 20th century . 
  so , we should go into discussion , but with this fundamental clear line . 
  i agree that politicians tend to overlook certain very existing problems , in special in context with immigration , but the solution presented by these `` options '' of the afd and lepen are non , and that has to be made clear , even when these people does not feel welcome in our society anymore , because when they waiver human rights , they are not welcome . 
  the problem is that europe is still to divided in its policies and idiologies , and there are quite a substancial amount of right-wing nutjobs alla trump here as well , look at lepen or afd , or the complete orban-government and at least parts of the polish . 
  we have now to combat these movements here more while trying to establish a common ground and more federalism so that we can truly speak in one voice . 
  the republicans won the congress today as well . 
  and i am rather concerned that , after he won , a lot of republicans will fall in line after him , i am not sure if we can trust the congress to safeguard the us . 
  you should wait for the german election next year . 
  man , i hope a loosing afd will at least break the circle of stupid elections . 
  i am more concerned at the moment that the eu army has to come as soon as possible , it woudl be the best if there are working plans at the time trump is sworn in office . 
  it is an article about a legal action from the eu against germany .
