  only groups of people can be included into incitment of hatred , and single persons only because they belong to this group . 
  but if someone is hated due to his own actions , there is no problem in hating him all the way . 
  you can hate actual terrorists and supporters of these all you want , because their own actions are the reaons for this , not the action of others . 
  but you ca n't start to attack all muslims because this is not anymore attacking single people for their actions , but attacking a group of people due to prejudices . 
  you can applaud if someone hits erdogan in the face , beacuse that is not an attack for him as muslim , but for him as an asshole , same with h\u00fccke who is a leading figure of a very right-winged party . 
  same with trump-supporters . 
  you can attack in any way the leading staff of trump because of their actions , but as soon as you call for violence against every supporter who just have a bumper-sticker of him , that is the same concept of spreading hatred as a lot of trump supporters do . 
  ( other could be with vocal racists because than again , it is not about their belonging of the group , but rather of their own doings ) . 
  my problem with the american approach of free speech is that it is a phylosophical good idea , but communism was that as well , and just as communism , it prooved over and over again all over the world to fail . 
  in the us , it just takes longer , but with trump , the failure of this system that is systemic to it shows up again , and this time in the us . 
  the freedoms as used in the us are a good way to defend against the people that are already in charge , but than again , as soon as someone is in charge , it can become very difficult to get rid of them . 
  i clearly can understand why america has this intepretation , the last real threat to their society was the english monarchy they fought on home ground ( i do not count the civil war here since it was rather an intern-conflict than a conflict caused by abuse of power ) , so , to secure democracy , the founding fathers tried to create the opposit what the former system stood for . 
  but , this absolut freedom does not account for the dangers that lay within a democracy as well - just as we have seen with hitler , or today in turkey , hungary , poland , isreal , russia , etc. 
  yes , these states , after their respective leader came into power , start to abolish free speech on a grand sceme , but they came into power with their voice , with their propaganda that people fell for , even when there were n't any form of discrimination against them as you point out may exist in germany from your point of view . 
  we have seen this system you are propagating fail time after time after time , so how many more dictatorships do we have to see florish before we accept that a system does not work as the pilosophers have intended it to work . 
  after this pre-text , now to your actual comments : the last sentence sounds so trange because out of a reason i have no clue off , i missed half a sentence . 
  i think what i wanted to write is something on the line of `` this law is used restrictivly , but who is so open in their hate-spreading lies , they have to face consequences in order to keep the public safty at bay . '', 
  and the reason why i prefer the courts are intrusted rather with moderating as restrictive tailored restrictions of free speech than defending it for all means is as i said , the system of complete free speech failed to many times , it has been prooven that gifted talkers and demagogues can take over a society when allowed to them , causing mass havoc . 
  i want the courts to defend any speech as much as possible with this special exeption , because in this damagogouse talking lays the mortal danger of every democracy , this is the part where a democracy starts to destroy itself . 
  basically , this way of speaking is the red buttom for self-destruction , and i want the courts to be the little cage that prevent people from pushing it out of a gist . 
  and i am aware that this system bases on the fine line that the courts will work properly , and that the government respects the courts , but this fine line is also existing in a complete free-speech nation because the courts are still the one that hold up the free speech laws and the government is the one that have to respect these laws . 
   all authoritarianism started by people 's attempts to control the ideological and linguistic territory . 
  there 's only two alternatives to that , one is silent slavery with all the repression and resentment that that will generate , and the other is outright conflict . 
  for me , you are looking wrong step too late , you are looking when the authoritarian system is already established so that they can act like that . 
  in my oppinion , if such a system is in place , there is nothing to gain anymore , than it is game over . 
  at that point , the complete freedom of speech is only lip service , and it is game over , you can wait for complete shut down of free speech in the shortest amount of time possible . 
  because for an authoritarian system to exist , they have at least the power of the government and the police forces in a manner that they are not bound anymore by the constitution and a system of law and justice . 
  because of that , we have to analyse how the authoritarian regime came into power in the first place , and , at least as long as you do n't only look at the systems that were in place when people thought that god put the emporor in their place , meaning as long as we have sorts of democracy existing , it all started the same way . 
  charistmatic leaders convincing people of their truth , of their view of the world ( that was generally just an illusion ) , than starting to blame problems on others , because crowdes love that , they do n't want problems to be their fault , it has to be someone else , if these other 's are jews , the establishment , the former rulers , muslims , you name a group that are not the supporters , you win . 
  only after using the right circumstances at the right time , they are able to climb to the top and than they start to take over by limiting all free speech , because they know the danger of free speech as a weapon because it was how they became powerful in the first place . 
  your argument is rather `` i want to diffuse the bomb of authoritarian systems , so i will start to defuse them as soon as it exploded '' . 
   there 's only two alternatives to that , one is silent slavery with all the repression and resentment that that will generate , and the other is outright conflict . 
  that is precisely what is going on . 
  ehm , again , nice phylosophical theory , but the reality does not mirror your expectations . 
  basically all of europe has such laws , and totallitarian parties failed again and again for nearly 70 years . 
  yes , at the moment , there are a few on the rise again , but that happend due to the interference of the us in the middle east that caused the middle east to blow up and than the muslims started to come , than this situation was blown up way more than it truely is ( with big helps of the us free speech by the way , since most of these lie-spreading media-outlets are positioned in the us , thanks for that ) , and now we have groups gaining followers again . 
  but still , they are not likly to gain more than 15 to 20 percent . 
  but was truely happend during the longest periode of piece and abesence of any form of autoritharian system europe ever had in its complete history , is that , due to the ban of these forms of extreme speech , people stopped to try to convince people to come to their position , activly stopping the growth of such organizations . 
  yes , there were a few radicalized people on the edge of society , but they would have happend if they were free to say what they wanted nontheless , just that they would have had more minions following their ideas . 
  as soon as you are into these ideas deep enough , you stop really caring for the other opinions . 
  again , i am not really a fan of phylosophical approaches of actual issues , but rather to see what works and what not , and where the complete free systems tend to fail , the moderate restricted free systems actually strive . 
  the thing is , i am with you that no ideas as such should be restricted , and actually , they are n't . 
  that comes with the black lifes matters-situation you discribed . 
  with the exeption of nazi symbolism and to support the nazi 's for what they did ( which is also outlawed ) , no idea is per se forbidden , you can say that muslims are stupid for believing in allah , you can say that the traditions are bonkers , you can say that there are criminals among them , you can basically say whatever you want with one exeption : you ca n't say it in order to incite hatred in order to create a atmosphere that could create violence at any given minute , but rather in order to make a discussion about to find a way to change . 
  this is a thin line , i agree , but you can without problem go to a march saying that germany ca n't take that many refugees and that they destroy european culture , you also can go to black-life-matters-situation since your pure presence there is not a reason for you to actually calling out for violence . 
   its didnt work for our media against trump haha . 
  ehm , the reaons why trump was given so much room to boast his comments is because he was able to say everything , and it is actually partly the fault of the media that they gave him so much coverage that he could make his ideas popular . 
  in germany , trump would have been forgotten within the first days of the campaign . 
  he did enough incitment of hatred ( comments about most mexicans in the us are muderer and rapist already fits it pretty much ) , he would have been basically shut down , media would have stopped reporting of him and he would have been forgotten . 
  this is something only a government with a reliable court-system can do ( okay , something that is also not that secure in the us , wtf , elected judges - . - ), 
  now you are rather silly with comparising me with these people spreading hatred . 
  people who spread hatred call them `` muslims pigs '' , `` animals '' , who `` should be shot dead '' , `` citters '' , they applaud burning of refugee homes , applaud physical assault on muslims , they rise their voices to spread lies about burning down of a church by muslims while the church is still in perfect shape , they spread lies about a russian girl raped by muslims while that did n't happen , they disfigure statistical data in order to fit their narrative , etc. 
  things that are not incitment of hatred : acknowleding that we have radical islamists here ; acknowledging that there are radical imams that try to infiltrate our society ; even sarazin , a politician ( of the socialist party ) who he would gladly share his turkes with as many jews we could want ; to acknowledge that the muslims are much more anti-semetic ; etc. 
  ; and again , i do n't really trust the government with such things as well , i trust the judges , and because of that , the judges are the one that make the relevant decissions . 
  the judges are the safeguards of our rights , and as long as they are indipendent , these rulings are sufficient to do so . 
  if they are not indipendent anymore , no right in the world will protect you from facism , because than facism already happen and you can only go into the underground and plan how to destroy the government . 
  but luckily , germany is as far away from such a point as you can imagine . 
  about the us intelligence system - well - they are going in the wrong direction with this in my opinion , this has nothing to do with what you find here , this is already way more totallitarian than what you will ever find in europe ( outside of poland and hungary ) . 
  all this stuff you listed in your link would be grossly unconstitutional , the constitutional court would slam such an order down immidiatly , and the left parties in the government would be happy to put this in front of the constitutional court at any time . 
  germany is one of the view areas of the world were the right of your own data is a constitutional right ( developed by the court , so not exactly written , but profoundly established ) . 
  here , the difference between facism and social democracy is the balance . 
  the german constitution is a sumary of rights of people and duties of the state , and each law is about balancing the interests of every person that could come in contact with this law and the national system as a whole . 
  this is vastly different to the us where the constitution ( apart from the construction of the state ) are only list freedoms of the people that exists apart from each other , not really interacting with each other . 
  also , there are more freedoms , but not really protective rights against the state , therefor these rights are way more abusable by the state and the freedoms are easier to be abused by the citicens as well . 
  what i want to say is that the bar you have to take to be considered someone who incite hatred is really high , and than you have to do it with the explicit purpose to create a senticment that will enrage others enough to cause violence . 
  this law is used restrictivly , but who is so open in their hate-spreading lies, 
  again , free speech and freedom to express opinion is a difference , and incitment of hatred has the intention to create a movement of hatred in order to create violence against a group of persons . 
  does the person spreading the hatred have to plan something directly to cause damage ? 
  no , not at all , you could seen that in the nazi-times easily by the way . 
  and now take another example : an hate-spreading imam uses his position to preach radical islam , spread hatred and the idea of violence in muslims minds without any participation in planing an concrete attack . 
  under your legal understanding , he stays free , because he did n't do anything than use his free speech to claim that all non-muslims have to die , since that is not enough to incite a crime because he did n't provide any details where and how to do it . 
  when there is no way in stopping this imam , he can cause one attack after another , just by spreading his hate into the mind of easily to influent ( aka religiouse ) people . 
  here , the crime incitment of hatred comes into effect . 
  by spreading hatred against other groups , the imam made himself criminally libale for trying to make others get so heated up in their hatred that they will commit crimes . 
  and that is what happens here already , we raid mosques and localisations of radical islam communities , and imprison imams that trie to spread hatred . 
  that is exactly the same what we do with these internet-hate-preachers , because they are the radical imam of the nazi-scene , they are the one that cause with false claims hatred that will lead to burning refugee-homes and with violent attacks against foreigners . 
  these people spreading lies and hatered against other 's are the cause for these real incidences and because of that , no , this kind of speaking is not protected , at least as long as it is not real criticism and not completly completly made up or purposly disfigured to spread the hatefull message . 
  yeah , but , if you look at the true situation , people get probation sentences even when they are already on probation ( i was visting as a lawstudent the courts during such a case where exactly that happend , a woman that already had a long history of internet-shopping-fraud did it again and again she just got probation ) . 
  okay , i study in cologne , a court district to be the most nice to criminals in germany , but still , i think it is rather a systematic problem . 
  the social service can put them into psychological institutions if they are mentally unstable or into a sheltered housing sceme for kids with similar problems to be cared . 
  when i was in school , there was one of these at the end of our street , run by an order of nuns . 
  while i think that this lifeimprisonment is really against human rights ( at least as punishment . 
  if they are necessary to prevent further crimes by psychopats , it is okay ) , and i wo n't start with death penality . 
  nontheless , i think german courts should take more usage of the range of possible punishments . 
  the courts are in a lot of cases way to forgiving , and they should even give out more prison sentences for first-convicts since some people just need distinct boundaries . 
  in addition : and there is an ongoing battle between academics and courts how to see the relationship between murder and manslaughter that every lawstudent has to learn , and that they hate for it . 
  it is really mindboggling stupid , we could cut half a semester of studies with a reform of this paragraph . 
  but there are hopes : there is an ongoing work by the legal ministry to reform this section of law . 
  if it happens , no clue , but hopes dies last . 
  no problem . 
  procedural law is n't my strength either , because of that , i had to google it myself . 
  but your analysis is pretty neat , are you already in the refrendariat ? 
  i am preparing for the first state exame myself and we do n't do that exhaustive tests with procedrual elements . 
  as soon as you killed with intent , it is manslaughter ( totschlag ) . 
  when you kill with intent in a legally specified ways or with a legally specified intent , it is murder ( mord ) . 
  for the intent , it is not important if the killing was planned for a long time or happend out of an impuls , as soon as you want to kill the person - or you have dolus eventualus , meaning you do n't care if the other persons dies thereby , you are guilty of either manslaugther or murder . 
  well , you have to thank the nazi 's for that , befor them , we had the same law like the others . 
  and there are ideas to roll it back to some degree , because this distinctions cause a lot of fucked up legal constructions to get something just . 
  they restricted it after abusing it . 
  first they had to reach the position to restrict free speech , and they archieved that mainly by free speech .
