  no use to endure it , when anyone brings it up , i tell my piece of mind . 
  i use level headed arguments when the other side does not go into the terroitory you went down to . 
  it is so annoying when people start with this `` german guilt '' - thing again and again and again . 
  either we are nazi 's , or we are hiding under our beds when someone mentions that we might be bad . 
  with that , you put yourself on a level where a intelectual discussion is over because at that point , you are just a moronic idiot who is throwing tropes around that are not better as claiming that all muslims are raping maniacs with bloodlust who ca n't wait to blow themselves up in order to get their virgins . 
  just as your information , i was born over over 40 years after the war ended , my mom war not even alife when the war ended , was not even planned than . 
  i never had any drop of german guilt inside me , the only thing i say is that we should never forget what happend in order not to repeat it , but does it mean i put my gloves on when speaking about isreal ? 
  the isreal-nazi on this subreddit thinks different when he blocked me for saying that the current isreal-government shows tropes that is fitting an early-stage nazi-tropes . 
  and honestly , i do n't care where you are from or your ancestry , i only care about your arguments . 
  do n't waist your time . 
  look at his other comments on this thread , he tries to push an agenda , and that is quite annoying . 
  oh shut the fuck up with your idiotic tropes . 
  dw - deutsche welle , it is a german newsoutlet funded by the german media-fee and is quite unbias in their approach . 
  so , where do you mean this comes from ? 
  while i am heavy myself on isreal-criticism , i would n't say that adressing the anti-semetic cases that happen is anything like propaganda . 
  hell , we discussing anti-muslim-sentiments regularly , just look at the coverage of pegida ( when it was still important ) , or , to be honest , when the muslim community victimise themselves regularly . 
  also , jews / = isreal . 
  to be jewish means that you are part of a religion . 
  isreal is a nation that is for the biggest part jewish , but neither does the isrealian state , nor the government , represent the jewish people . 
  it represents the government of a nation that has a jewish-extremist party in government , but it does not represent jews around the world that also critisize isreal quite often . 
  by making them one , you actually pushing quite the agenda here . 
  for me , all stories of all sides should be coverend when they come up , and as we discuss anti-islamic tendencies around the world when there are stories worth talking about it , we should also discuss the anti-semetic tendencies of the muslims . 
  and it is quite emberessing for me as german that there are now so many anti-semetics here again , and sadly , the biggest part of the bunch are our friends that immigrated from turkey , and that is something i am not up to to tollerate . 
  also , germany is about to pass laws that require self-driving cars to be constructed in a way that the driver can take over at any given second . 
  that means that a properly trained truck-driver has to sit behind the wheel . 
  sorry , mind is slow today , i misread , that it contradicted may approach :d, 
  but you will most likly find english christan sermons , at least in important cities . 
  when you have a greek-orthodox minority , you might find greek sermons . 
  if you have jews , you will find that at least parts of some traditions are in hebrew ( at least the reading of the tora ) . 
  just because the western-christian traditions have , thanks to martin luther , a tradition to use the mother-tongue , is not that true for other areas as well , not only the muslim community . 
  and again , i do n't have anything against controlling the mosques in general , just the language is not only an unconstitutional , but an insufficient method to controle them . 
  in my opinion , the fact that there is a wahabist-trained imam is justified reason enough to wiretap mosques in order to identify incitment of hatred . 
  but for that , these people do n't have to speek german , we have enough arabic-speeking policemen . 
  or they can sent undercover agent to every salafist mosque . 
  than we do n't have a need for german either because these agents also know arabic . 
  and if they can be identified to use incitment of hatred , than close the mosque down and imprison the imam and the radicalized followers . 
  but the general demand that everyone speeks german during the sermon is just nothing more than supression of a complete group of people , to all muslims , even the one that do n't do any wrong , and there are many muslims that are genuinly nice people . 
  let them practice their faith in the language they choose . 
  as part of the freedom or religion is that you are able to hold the sermon in the language you can undrstand . 
  we have enogh refugees here that hardly understand german , and , depnding on their literacy before they come here , it might be impossible to really become 100 % fluent in germany ( which does not mean that it is impossible to be intigrated . 
  coworks of my mother were n't able to learn german perfect , but their children have studied and the family is very good intigrated ) . 
  do n't missunderstand me , i am in favor of encouraging further integration , and i am heavily against these enclaves here , i think , these that hide in their little ankaras should consider to go home , since i really only want the people here that are willing to intigrate . 
  nontheless , as a law-student , i also have to consider the constitution , and here , the freedom of religion is pretty straight-forward that limiting people with not enough knowledge of german to only-german sermons , it would violate this right . 
  and i think also that it is rather harmfull to act that opressive on the general muslim population , since it rather encourages the feeling of discirimnation than resolve it , and this feeling is the gateway for a lot of the terrorist to start with radicalization in the beginning . 
  we should be hard on these who radicalize people , shut down their mosques and imprison these imams while we leave the others alone in their way they want to hold their sermon . 
   the treaties do not say that a country that is leaving the eu can not negotiate with third countries . 
  just because the treaties says nothing specifically about this situation , it does not mean that there is a legal void , because the effet utile does not seperate between leaving or not leaving nations . 
  alone the possibility that negotiations of the uk might cause further disrupting of the current system is enough to shut the right of the uk down to do anything . 
  you are always arguing with a non-applicable interpretation of international law , the intent of a law . 
  in special the fact that it is now known how long the divorce negotiation might take in reality ( if the two years are extended and how often ) , the negotiations of the uk might cause problems for the union as a whole , and thus , considering the effet utile , it is easier and more effective to shut down the competence of the uk at all . 
  but , since you never argued with the applicable effet utile at all , but try to stay with the not-applicable interpretation-methods , this argumentation is quite mood . 
  and also , the uk subjected itself to the ecj long ago , and this lives on as long as the treaty is not terminated , something that only happens with the end of the divorce negotations . 
  thus , the uk has no ligimitation to go in front of the icj . 
  but since you , even if you might be a lawyer or not ( could n't reall tell from your argument ) , you have certianly no idea of eu-law , but try regularly to argue with systems and idea that are home to your domestic law . 
  thus , i do n't see a point to really discuss with you any further . 
  edit : i start to understan dougans analogy with evolution-theoriest and creationist more and more . 
  yeah - or not demanding a laguage at all - which would be probably the solution that fits the constitution the best . 
  to be honest , this idea of `` making them speak german '' does not really work well to prevent radical islam at all . 
  if the sermon is open for everybody to enter , it is open for members of the police for example to make a visit undercover that understand the language already . 
  if it is german , it is not like people start to randomly walk in to listen to the sermon on a regular basis in order to check if they doing everything all right . 
  something like that would lead to more and more closed sermons in order to prevent constant interference with `` people that just want to check if you do everything okay '' . 
  if the sermon is closed , it has no effect if it is either in german or not , because the content will be only known by undercover agent that already are in the community or by wiretapping . 
  this would need a court-approval , which could only be given when there is a clear indication that this sermon is ment to incite hatred . 
  but if there are wiretappings or uncerover agents , they can understand the content of the sermon either in german , or ina arabic . 
  so , there is no gain apart of an invasion of the religiouse rights of muslims to do that , it would n't allow easier access to radical islamists , but would only punish these who want to live out their religion peacefully . 
  ehm - no - the uk is sitll member of the eu until the end of the divorce negotiations , and thus the ecj stays the applicable court for any kind of disputes within the eu-treaties . 
  by the way , this method of the eu dirives from the icj and the way they interpret the law . 
  basically , the eu-law of interpretation is the exact same as the one commonly used in international law . 
  and , it is still about eu-law since the treaties say that the competence lay with the eu , and under effet utile , it is most likly that it stays with the eu as long as the dirvorce-negotiations are on their way . 
  the effect i discribed are only the reason why i am in favor of this interpretation , not why it is legally valid . 
  to be honest , i have no problem to do it with third-nations , as far as i heard it , most of them want to wait until they know the end of the divorce negotiations anyway . 
  the grater problem lies in the negotiations with the eu , since the divorce negotations are of a higher priority than the trade deal in thus regard that the two years are probably not enough for the divorce talks alone , let alone for a comprehensive trade-agreement that might take , even when done fastly , 5-10 years . 
  at this point , the protection of the union is of more importance , meaning that the necessary part of the entanglement of the union and the uk has to come first , and only after that , the trade agreement can be negotiated . 
  the time of uncertaincy for the eu has to be as small as possible , and thus , the divorce is first , trade-deal second in line . 
  edit : and again , the purpose of a law is , as mindboggling stupid it is , not in any interest to eu-law , it is a four-corner-of-the-treaty-interpretation alone . 
  looking into the essay you linked and found it interesting , but at one point , i really started to scratch my head , and that is when he applied methods of interpretation that are not really part of the eu-law . 
  after looking into it and noticing that he did n't use the effet utile , an interpretation everyone who has the slightes idea of eu law , knwos , i looked into this lawyer and noticed that he has no credentials in eu-law , something that does n't suprise me at all . 
  the eu-law is in general to be interpreted by the effet utile , meaning that the easiest and most simple interpretation of the exact wording of the treaty or regulation is appliclicalbe has to be applied in order to reach its goal . 
  what he included were the drafting history , analogies of home-nation law , etc. 
  these are all neglectable in eu-law . 
  by using these , his analysis already looses quite some credability to me and therefor i doubt his conclusions . 
  ehm , no , because than , you create more and more a law tailord specifically to islam , and that would be against the freedom of religion . 
  and there is already a law that battles islamic terrorist indoctrinations within mosques , and that is the incitment to hatred , a law on which basis several mosques were already closed . 
  first , while the brexit is still in negotiation , the competences are still the same , meaning that britain has no legal right to do any trade-deals with anyone . 
  birtain gaive , as any eu-nation , their competence to do trade deals , away , and will only receive it back as soon as the divorce is completet . 
  second : if you would have listend to the video i posted here , there is the factual matter that the uk has not enough negotiators to do a prallel negotiation within the time-frame . 
  hell , there is n't even hardly enough time to do a proper divorce-treaty within two years . 
  incitment of hatred was not really widly used by hitler , as soon as he had the power to enforce whatever he wanted , he did n't need to use such a law , he just could order what he wanted and his lawyers made it happen . 
  the thing is that the law is written these days in special to prevent any sort of such uprising through inciting hatred against others again . 
  and as long as there is a working court-system and in special constitutional court , the abuse of such laws can be easily prevented . 
  if there is not such a system anymore , than all hope is lost either way , because than , the autocratic ruler can do whatever he wants , with or without such a law . 
  no , it is not , it is just that brexiteers tend to ignore a few important aspects of the law , or else several of the promises ( or most of them ) could n't be made that easily . 
  so , if you dicide understanding the legal situation you are in and are in favor of the brexit , be glad that you got it . 
  but this video is about several aspects people do not recognize when it comes to brexit , in special the legal problems that come along with it and how long it will take to negotiate everything that has to be done , and that a parallel-negotiation of the divorce and a new trade-deal is simply not possible without bending the law and ignoring the situation . 
  well , the content about hatred is already poenlised by the incitment-of-hatred-laws , on which basis a few mosques were already closed and imams inprisoned . 
  so , the content is already regulated , just the ability of every-day-joe to understand the content is the problem , but here , the problem lies in every foreign-language-sermon , not only in the muslim . 
  the incitment to hatred ( which is the legal term and includes other implications at the us-based discussion normally assosiated with hate-speech-laws ) and such a law regulating the language in sermons are concerning two different parts of law . 
  one the freedom of expression , the other the freedom of religiouse exercise . 
  while the incitment to hatred is also applicable to sermons , a language-regulating of sermons would be solely aimed at the exercise of religion and therefor be problematic , in special because it would prevent people who does not understand the german laguange properly to properly exercise their religion . 
  or take other religiouse tradition like the jewish reading of the tora which is done in hebrew .
