  but i agree , there were a lot of bad decision made by germany and its government , some of these are based on the fact that the guest-workers were never expected to stay here . 
  but that does not take the duty of the newer generations to include themselves more in the german society , as it does not take the burden of the german government to offer them ways to intigrate . 
   and what about your view ? 
  it seems like to you no amount of evidence would convince you in the culpability of gulen . 
  you are determined to blame erdogan for everything . 
  the hatred for the turkish president is so great on this sub , that i 've seen people publicly call for his murder and expressing regret for the failure of the coup . 
  what i said is that i want evindence , and if the us state department is done evaluating , it will hit the news and if they say he was it , i believe it . 
  the only thing is that i do n't trust the turkish media and the turkish government since he has prooven with his actions that he is untrustworthy . 
   turkish people are tired of being looked down upon , and being treated as people who need to be constantly given lessons by europeans . 
  turkish people are perfectly capable of forming their own opinions based on their knowledge and understanding of their country , and they do not need some foreigners to tell them who is and who is not manipulating them in their own country . 
  has it ever occurred to you that it may not be erdogan 's demagoguery , but gulen 's history and actions that are responsible for the views of the turkish people ? 
  if you are going to convince them you need to come with something better than erdogan is manipulating you . 
  again , i do n't say that g\u00fclen is really innocent , i just say that there is the need of a indipendent evaluation of these claims , something the state-department seems to be into right now . 
  what made me comment about the demagogy is about the view of rule of law you showed here , where you state that we have to proove his innocence . 
  that is nothing we have or want to do . 
  the other thing is to call people to go on streets here , to spread violent view that make people go out of the streets here instead of using the legal system . 
  i question not his views in particular , but his methods . 
  i do n't want to talk about g\u00fclen 's guilt in particular because i do n't care right now , what i care is a procedure that is based on the rules of law , on the basic law and on democratic principles , all things erdogan trampel under foot . 
  i do n't care if he is in this special case from a factual basis on the right , as long as he missuses it to mass-prosecute people in a speed a legal process can never work ( and as a law-student , i have a rough idea how long such an investigation should take ) . 
  and i do n't look down on the turkish people , if at all , i look down on erdogan . 
  i live in a nation that once let themselves be lead my mass-histaria , by the painting of a common enemy , by a demagogoue that used clever rethoric to lead the people in a franatic frensy . 
  i believe this can happen in any nation , not only the turkish , not only the german , every nation . 
  it is nothing for what you look down on people , because , if the situation is right , everyone can fall for a demagogue . 
  i can only say what i see , and that is a massive violation of human rights and the rules of law , and that is something that ca n't be tollerated . 
  proven guilty by turkey alone , and the evidence never left turkey , they were requested several times . 
  if you do n't understand it , states of law have a procedure when working on such demands , in special of nations who 's justice system just went under , let 's call it , major reconstruction , so that the trust for a prosecution under the rule of law is not certain . 
  in these cases , the host-nation demand the evidence that lead to the conviction of someone who is requested to be extradided . 
  they will check these evidence , than ask the person that should be extradided to give prooves of his innocent , and if the host nation thinks that the evidence of the requesting nation is anything near to give a valid reason for a claim , he will be extradided . 
  but , in special considering the actions of erdogan of the last month , a state of law ca n't act by delivering someone to turkey without clear evidence that create a sufficient initial suspicion . 
  and again , in a nation of law , the honest word of someone that they have evidence is not enough . 
  but , if your view is consistent with the view erdogan might spread through the media ( what i could easily believe ) , than the state of law in turkey is really worrying , and the demagogy with which he manipulates his people is sickening . 
  that is the twisted and actually worring logic here . 
  it is the right of the host-state to demand prooves when a nation demands the transfer of someone who has the right to life there . 
  in special if there are doubts that the demanding state is acting according to the rules of law , as erdogan did ever since the coup , but before that as well . 
  the states are not obliged to accept turkish demands without proove , and it is the duty of turkey to deliver evidents to the west , not the west to proove g\u00fclen 's innocents , and that because of the simple thing that turkey want this other state to get into action . 
  we are speaking of the most basic principle of innocent until proove of guild that is violated here . 
  than again , give it to the nations you demand prosecution from . 
  if you want that germany prosecutes g\u00fclen-followers in germany , give the evidence to germany , but do n't accept followers to commit crimes on german soil without such prooves . 
  and , to be honest , a nation that prosecuted journalists that have nothing to do with the g\u00fclen-movment just because they write against erdogan , a legal system where he removes the immunity of parlamentarians that are against him , in a system where suddenly thousands of people are prosecuted , you ca n't trust that the prooves given to the other members of parliament are legit . 
  if you have to fear to be put into jail just because you start to question the words of erdogan as a journalist or as a lawyer that is other opinion , there is no possibility to trust any consensus in this political system . 
  so , as long as these evidence are not presented to trustful third parties ( which mean noone in turkey ) , this consensus is worthless . 
  and this consensus means nothing for the west if this is accompanied by lay-offs of a third of your judges and thousands of criminal prosecutions . 
  in the 30 's , it was consensus that the communists burned down the reichstag , it does not mean that it was true . 
  the thing is , they might have done it , but as long as the international community is not presented any evidence , but a person that is known of abuse of the justice-system just claims they were , this is not proovable and therefor they will be seen as innocent . 
  and it is not like the international community refused to prosecute g\u00fclen without any comment , they said that thew will do it if evidence are presented , something that erdogan never done , despite that he should have clear evidence or why did he prosecute thousands of people ? 
  by failing to give any evidence to independence , are the reporter , the un , the eu , the usa , germany , or any other nation that could evaluate these things without interference of someone who has a hugh political interest in freely prosecuting anyone he does not like , he fails to link the g\u00fclen-movement to the coup . 
  because we lack the evindence that clearly link the g\u00fclllens to the coup , despite erdogans words . 
  if he had any proove , he could present it to the west , and we would happily look over them and would declare the g\u00fcllen-movement maybe a terroistic group . 
  without any evindence , the g\u00fcllen-movement ca n't be linked to anything . 
  on the other hand , we have clear orderes of erdogan that violates basic law , democratic principles and the rule of law . 
  no , bad wording due to a lack of english-skills . 
  what i meant is that the movement these turks came to germany is from the 70 's and has nothing to do with the sentiment that started last year . 
  the coup is one thing , how erdogan used it another . 
  at the moment , erdogan follows the `` reichstagsbrandt '' - method , the way hitler clenched power after a ( staged ) terroristic attack against the german reichstag . 
  i do n't say that he stages the coup ( but i would n't outrule it ) , but that does not give him the right to purge his political enemies . 
  as someone said it so nicly , if everyone that erdogan accused to be part of the coup really would have been , than it would have been succeeded easily . 
  the pure fact that the so called evidence that he claims he has were never presented to the west when he demanded prosecution just prooves the methods he uses . 
  and we still have the rule of innocents until prooven guilt , and as long as he does not present evidence against the g\u00fcllen movement , they are preceived as innocent and turks attacking g\u00fcllen followers here are criminals that should be deportet . 
  if he has a valid claim , than bring in in front of the courts , and not the one erdogan just clenched his powerhungry fist into , but a german when he want german g\u00fcllen-followers to be prosecuted , or an american for a prosecution of american !, 
  edit : wording, 
  that has nothing to do with willkommenskultur . 
  the minority we are talking about are living here since the 70 's when germany had a major lack of workforce and turkish workers were invited to fill these empty positions . 
  and when they lived here for decades , they were allowed to stay and became , for some parts , german citicens . 
  the willlkommenskultur you are refering to is a sentiment from last year . 
  to qualify all turks as erdogan-supports , that is clear racism . 
  to be against erdogan-supporters as such - not . 
  i think for ages that people that support erdogan are these that either given up or were never willing to integrate since erdogan , and that for quite some years now , is one of the major seperater of the turks in the german society . 
  when a politician calls for people with a dual-citicenship that life in a foreign nation to first learn turkish , and only than learn german , to remain turks within germany , to basically seperate themselves , ( he called for all these things during rallies in germany ) , than people that follow him have to be accountable for this sentiment . 
  and you will find hardly a well integrated turk-german that supports him , his supporters lay in poor areas where the kids are still often forced in traditional family structures ( aka forced marriages ) that are unacceptable in a society like germany . 
  and as i know in university and from my private life several well intigrated turks , non of these would ever rais their voice for erdogan . 
  khemalists are angered even more by the mentioning of erdogan 's name as germans . 
  alevids ( not to mess up with alawites , the people from assad ) who are among the best integrated turkish minority in germany trembel in fear at the idea of visa-free travel of erdogan-friends because they know that they would loose their freedoms they found here when erdogan spreads his power . 
  so , it has not necessarily something to do with racism that you despise erdogan and his actions , and i actually are the oppnion that an akp-friendly mindset is nothing that can belong in europe , i would rather accept all the university-professors that are just opressed by a neo-facist president that to change turkey into a dictatorship . 
  no , not really . 
  german law already knows fines as a method of punishment if jail-sentences are not applicable . 
  but , in these cases where the guilt for jail-sentences is not enough , fines would n't do anything for the whealthy . 
  so , for crimes poor people would get a monitary fine , rich people would loose their license instead . 
  for crimes ( and that what is this about ) , we have also fines adjusted to the income of the person . 
  monitary punishment is calculated in `` tagess\u00e4tzen '' ( daily rates ) . 
  31 tagess\u00e4tze are the monthly income of that person . 
  but , if a poor person has to pay 31 tagess\u00e4tze , he will have problems to see the light at the end of the tunnel for a while . 
  for a rich person , this would mean postpone the next holiday for a few months . 
  the impact of such punishments are still not comparable between a rich and a poor person . 
  the coup is not the direct reason for the economical crisis in turkey . 
  even before the coup , around half the tourists were not comming anymore compared to 2015 ( http://www.independent.co.uk/travel/turkey-tourism-industry-statistics-worst-summer-terrorism-isis-coup-a7159731.html ) the current situation just deepns the fact that complete tourism-cities are vacated , nobody comes anymore , russian and european tourists do n't want to travel there anymore . 
  russians do n't want to travel to a nation their nation is in an conflict with and europe is largly staying away due to erdogan . 
  the only tourists comming are from arabian nations , and that is not enough to stabalize the turkish economy . 
  also , the drop of the lira is not a recent event , but a long-going disaster ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkish-lira-seen-weakening-further-but-no-russia-style-rout.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=102466&amp;newscatid=346 ) . 
  so , no , the coup will not destroy turkey , but erdogan might . 
  you know that turkey is at the moment at the brink of economical disaster . 
  the turkish currency is on a more extreme dive down than the pound , the tourist-industry is at the brink of collaps and will not survive another tourist-free year like that . 
  at the moment , erdogan is floating on a wave that was based on lucky economical times that enabled him to give his followers a lot of goodies , but if he continues to do this for just another few months , the turkish economy will be devestated and than he would loose his stance since all his wonderful social gifts would dry out and the anger takes over . 
  so , what we have to do is just wait and see the next coup , just this time not from the miliatary , but from his very own people . 
  yesterday i heard a nice quote about diplomats . 
  a diplomat is someone who can , through petting and shushing put a muzzle on a biting dog . 
  the fact is , it feels good , really good to say an asshole to fuck off , but than you loose any controle over him , than you will only harden the fronts and any futur development is essentially blocked . 
  so , showing erdogan the bird might correspond good with voters that love to see such actions , but it basically only makes the situation worse . 
  an austrian minister can do that because the nation is small enough that it can be ignored by turkey , but not such comments from germany . 
  the small nations can basically deliver the painful blows so that germany can try to be the calming factor . 
  this way , turkey can be scoled , but the relationships are not severd .
