  when i travel through d\u00fcsseldorf , i see a hell lot of japanese , since d\u00fcsseldorf is one of the biggest enclavs of japanese at least in europe . 
  if not , i see asians not that often . 
  we have quite some chinese exchange students at our university , but they are more in the beginners courses than the courses i take now . 
  of course , asian resturatns are with the most liked around here , so there is also regular contact . 
  fees are 250 $ the semster ( half year ) . 
  included in that is the regional ticket ( at least in my university ) . 
  i get around 450 $ a month from the state ( as a student with not that well earning parents ) , half of it is calculated as a loan i have to pay back as soon as i have a job . 
  this is barely enough to live though most of my fellow students , if they do n't get additional money from the family , they have to work at least a little bit . 
  the housing in university-cities is quite bad . 
  though several states stopped their cooperations with them , and demands rise that they stop it completly . 
  in special , in several states , ditib , as the biggest muslim organization , had a part in the ciriculum for islamic religion lessons in school , something that really has to be stopped . 
  yes , it would be correct . 
  totally agreed . 
  i remember also the story that , before the crisis in greece , greek oil-famers got money to subsidice olive-trees for enough plants to fill a field half of the meditaranian . 
  the problem is , to prevent that , the eu would have to create an own body of offices all over europe to check all this . 
  not only would this be a massive amount of beaucracy , but also create tensions with the member-states . 
  difficult to say . 
  they found in the district where i live an old rome villar from around 70 n.chr . 
  but the real start of this settlement the city was named after was a monastry from the 12th cenutry . 
  but a real city it only became in the 1970 's . 
  before that , it was a collection of little towns ( well , this city is still only a collection of little towns seperated from each other by fields :d ) . 
  yes , and i think it is necessary to point that out . 
  the american hate against black-facing is very understandable , and i would also aruge that the dutch swarte pete is the same as the us , but blackfacing in german or your context is completly different . 
  in germany , it is as a tradition that says that all the kings ( which represent the known continents of that time ) greeted the birth of jesus , so basically it honors the idea that a black king came to greet baby jesus ( if you believe it is another theme , but that is at least the idea ) , and with you , he is actually the active hero . 
  these stories do n't really have a degrading idea of the people they put in black . 
  the unification of the german empire under the `` paulskirchen '' - verfassung . 
  in the 19th century , after nation-wide protests and riots , deligations of the people met in paul 's chapel and formed together a german constitution . 
  but they took so long that the monarchists were able to take controle again and it still centered the german state around the prussian monarch , so when he denied ( `` i am king by grace of god , not by the grace of people '' ) the complete movement fell apart and it would take several decades until , with the help of bismark , germany was unified under one kaiser . 
  in addition to what others said , i just wanted to add one thing that might happen if you lived through casual racism in your life ( which your comment sounds like ) . 
  be careful to immidialty jump to the conclusion that something could be racist just because you would assume such an action would be in the us . 
  two examples : in germany , we have once a year a tradition of blackfacing as a part of our celebration of epiphany . 
  three kids , dressed like the holy three kings , will go from door to door , and since one king was black , and we have hardly enough black children to fill in this position all over germany , it is tradition to blackface one kid . 
  i just take this example because i know that blackfacing is one of the most rudest things you can do in the us due to the degrading comedies of the early 20th century . 
  even in carnival , you might see someone in blackface , not really thinking about that you could see is at offensive . 
  second was something i acutally witnessed . 
  clearly an american black person was riding the train i take everyday , and at one point , someone took that man 's suitcase and moved it a little bit to the side , which immidialty caused the black man to start a hugh tantrum about racism . 
  well , the thing was , the guy placed his suitcase in a manner that was narrowing the already narrow path between the seats , and actually , the person putting it to the side was not really in the wrong . 
  lived in berlin zehlendorf for 7 years , you wo n't find a better place to life , 
  berlin . 
  first , around berlin is a wasteland ( apart of potsdam of course ) , no industry whatsoever and pretty much only green . 
  also , berlin has the grunewald , a forest that is big part of the south-west of the city and that is completly peaceful . 
  you can do bike-tours and just think you are in the middle of a remote area . 
  but to give a little side-note about equal marriage , while yes , a full marriage is not in sight yet , the civil union was equipped with most rights a marriage has as well . 
  the most difficult issue that is not resolved is adoption , since the civil union barres the partners to adopt a child that is not already the child of one of them . 
  not really . 
  well , there is a difference since not that many people really live on-campus , but live rather scattered in the city and all the surrounding areas , often living in flat shares . 
  also , even when the university is basically structured like an agency , it is still unique though since they are institutions of public law , meaning an indipendent identity sperated from the government , with own constituional freedoms ( well , especially the freedom of teaching ) and with an indipendent board . 
  the board has also seets for representatives of the students , every year is an election in the student body to elect who shall participate in the decision-making of the university . 
  so , yes , when we are talking about the technical parts of university-life , making tests , sceduling of lectures , paperwork , etc. , it is much office-like . 
  everything else is still university culture . 
  i study law :d . 
  but that were comments i heard from quite alot of people in other fields as well . 
  every nation has a different nature of universities , europe is not a single nation , but a union of nations with all distinct cutlure , including university culture . 
  as far as i heard about people that visited german and american universities , the american are more service-institutions as the german 's . 
  in germany , the university is normally not a private company , but rather an govermental agency , and you feel the difference in professors not having that much time for each student , less open door policy and also more demand for indipendence of the student . 
  the good thing about that is that first : everyone who was good enough in the school can manage to study , even without drowning in debt , and also , at least compared to the average american universities , the universities and the rest of the education is quite good . 
  you will generally not face multiple choice questions for example :d . 
  well , as someone with a genetic disablity , i have to admit , i am quite bias in this field of science . 
  the pure possibility to reduce the danger of me having children ( something i am not sure i want to have with the existing danger , at least not wihtout a pid ) is for me a very hopeful thought . 
  personally , i think we should open it for genetic disabilities , but also only for them . 
  just to make a child better looking is not really a necessaty , and these system should n't be abused like that , but in order to make an already difficult life less difficult , i would be completly dacore with that . 
  well , it is hard to discribe . 
  the sign that the sensitivity was drastically reduced was that i was able to life my daily life :d . 
  even one or two weeks later , it felt like the fabric of my underwear ( and also the cooton i used in the beginning to protect the glance ) felt like sandpaper . 
  in special during driving , the vibration were just aweful . 
  so , the sensation had to go down or else it would drive you nuts . 
  about the feeling during sex , i have no clue how it changed since i did n't had sex back than yet :d . 
  got it myself at the age of 17 due to medial reasons : no fucking way should a child go through that . 
  it is bogus that a child does not remember what happens that early , it is just lingering in the subconciouse and stays as a pre-langauge-trauma that will not manifest in your acutal thoughts , but that will influence you forever . 
  in my opinion , such acts like circumcision should be bound to the idea of religiouse indipendence . 
  in germany , a child at the age of 14 is seen as religiouse indipendend . 
  the child can enter or exit any church on its own will and can dicide if it wants to take religion as a subject in school ( and which religion it should be ) . 
  so , this is actually a good time to give the child the right to dicide ( with the agreement of the parents ) to do such permanent comittments to a religion . 
  yeah , the stories from russia are baffeling . 
  my mom was there at the intercontinental hotel and , at the end of the meal , they got , on a silver-plate , a cucumber and a tomato as a special dish for them to enjoy . 
  when they were invited to a dinner at one of the company-heads , they knew that the wife of this head spend all day long at the black market just to get all ingridience for this dinner . 
  and it was the only time in her life where she devoured a bigmac with joy when she was in moskau when the first mcdonalds of russia opened , the line was at least two blocks long and they had a limit of two burgers per person , just because she needed some other food :d . 
  also about the dangers there , they will never forget how they stopped trusting their lawyer after this guy went into his room with a local prostitute , since they were completly aware that they were all payed by the kgb . 
  to what other 's already said , alone the fact that this car still has the siren on top of it will give you problems . 
  in germany , only official cars are allowed to have horns and sirens installed . 
  otherwise , it would look like this car is used by officials and that is simply not okay . 
  well , i have no first-hand knowledge about the reunification since i experienced the fall of the wall literally in my mother 's birth-channel ( was born the day later ) , i heard a lot of stories about it . 
  mainly that this was one of the greatest moments in the life of my fostermom . 
  basically , nobody expected that something like that would happen , and it was a big suprise . 
  she lived in berlin at that time and they just noticed what happend when suddenly a trabbi appeared on the streets , a car that was normally never seen in west-berlin . 
  my mom got immidiatly out with her than fiancee ( my uncle ) and went to the city , and it was the greatest party of all times , people laying in each other 's arms , crying like they were long lost brothers . 
  my mom ended up at that day with a east-german couple in a bar , my mom paid everything for them , and they just celebrated . 
  the most interesting thing is that the day after , they head out for moskau . 
  my uncle and her were in an east-west-cooperation in medical and historical media ( my uncle owned a big company for medicin-media , but also , as a hobby , had a company for historical and political literature ) . 
  when they arrived in moskau , everybody hugged them and congratulated them , feeling genuinly happy for germany . 
  and after drinking for me after receiving notice about my birth , they continued to celebrate . 
  the interesting thing is that actually , it was planned from the russian side to let the reunification happen , they just did n't want it to happen the way it happend . 
  my mom started to work in this cooperation around ' 85 , and during that time , she was several times in moskau , speaking with high-ranked politicians , including several kgb-agents . 
  the udssr was well aware that they were economically at the brink of collaps and that they had no chance to go on like it that . 
  this was also why glasnost and perestroika happend , they were an effort to restructure the udssr to prevail . 
  one not that publically discussed part was to let germany reunify under the condition that they have to peldge neutrality like swiss , stopping any alliance with the nato etc. , in order to be a nation that is neither in the soviet , nor in the american sphere of influence . 
  to strengthen germany in its position as economical mediator between the east and the west , plans were formed not to give germany its pre ww1 territories back , but to put them under germany 's controle as a special economic zone after the image of honkong . 
  this way , the powerhouse of germany could have saved the udssr from collapsing . 
  i am not entirly sure what happend with these plans . 
  i know that the russians were preassuring the gdr to soften up their stances , but the gdr government were here rather hardliner , not giving into the demands of the soviets .
