  when the kid is 14 , it can cancle or attend religion classes against the will of the parents , it can enter and leave churches against the will of the parents , they have no rights anymore ( apart from social preassure by inner-family actions , but that is not a legal right the state has to recognize ) . 
  so the point that it is up to the parents is quite invalid . 
  so , apart from parents have no right in saying anything about the child attending any kind of houses of worship , the kid will face muslims in their every day life , you wo n't find many places that are free of muslims , they have a 5 % minority and in special in urban areas , there is even a higher percentage of muslims living . 
  so , you have to face them and it helps to be prepared by have at least some understanding of their religion and their practices . 
  the theory of the muslim faith is discussed in school , but that does not change the fact that you can talk about a lot , but it will never have any impact , so at least some discuss in an educational environment ( what the teachers have to secure ) will help to at least overcome the cultural bias a little bit . 
  it does not mean that the kids will not get a critical view of the religion , that was already discussed in the class , that is by the way the reason why such trips are done at the end of these classes , after the kid were objectivly educated that included critical aspects of the religion . 
  no , we where there outside of the ceremony , noone was there apart from the class and the imam . 
  the imam lead us through the building and answered questions like a tourist-guide . 
  they neither would have let us in during the ceremony nor would our teachers wanted us in there during the ceremony . 
  edit : thought it was part of another comment-line . 
  it was something in between . 
  before christmas , we sung christmas-songs together - yeah . 
  but the visits in the chruch were a bit different though since there was no pastor speaking to us , but only the principal . 
  he lead the complete event and he was not a priest or anything . 
  it was tradition that we all went as a school the the church where the principal adressed all of us in a speach and , during the wintertime , we sung , and than went back to get our reports . 
   probably this involves following certain religious rules ? 
  i attended a mosque in the 9th grade and we did n't had to follow anything despite only wearing socks inside . 
  we did n't participate at any religiouse actions , we did n't follow any religiouse rules , we did n't hear any form of preaching , we did n't learn anything about the religion itself . 
  we did n't learn about mohamed or anything , it was just a way to understand the other 's culture at least for a tiny bit by interacting with someone from that culture . 
  i ca n't see the damage by doing it in an objective manner ( what is secured by the teachers attending and observing so that it will not step of over the point of religiouse indoctrination ) . 
  the only thing i can remember was that they showed us the different rooms where man and woman pray and where they wash their feet before prayer - and what is the meaning of the carpets pointing into a special direction and what they did to make sure that this happend . 
  it was just as indoctrinating as my visit in the stone-age village where a historian spoke about their life and traditions , it is not like i would now start to pray to wotan because i was in this stone-age village , and same ith the mosque and allah . 
  mandatory school rules are in place for a hundret years , and it applies , when the state-law says so - to all activities , no matter which one . 
  visiting a mosque does not mean that we get religouse dogma 's shoved down . 
  what do you think happen there ? 
  that we bind the kids on chairs , force their eyes open while the imam recites them for two hours the koran and than they are muslim ? 
  what we did was walking once through that thing while a imam told us what was used for what , why the carpets were pointed in this direction and so on . 
  from that visit , i would n't even know that mohamed is part of the islamic religion , nor any word of the koran ( well , the last part i still have no idea , never heard any part of it ) . 
  it is basically as deep as the visit of the sant peters-dom , where we only went through and heard something about the history , but nothing about the real religion as such . 
  history is a part of cutlure just as culture is a part of history . 
  as much as it is true for history , as much it is true for cutlure . 
  if you are only think and talk about chopin and mozart , but not with the themes you do n't like , you will end as a snob that is detached from the world and with a world-view just as deluded as the people you look down upon . 
  i do n't say that a lot of muslims are quite one-sided , just as a lot of our own peers , just take the people walking in dresden each week . 
  i would n't like to talk to them as much as i do n't want to talk with one-sided muslims . 
  but i also had some of the most interesting discussions in my life with muslims , about culture and literature , about music and arts . 
  one of the most interesting muslims were a muslima that studies with me law , that is wearing a head-scarf and with whom i spent quite nice time during lunch and caf\u00e9-breaks . 
  we discussed ceta quite a lot since our common course was investment law . 
  oh common , please educate yourself about the cutlure you are writing about . 
  german , even when there is quite a significant percentage of religiouse people , is one of the most atheist-friendly place you will find . 
  talking about religion outside of your chruch / family / closest friends is heavily frowned upon , making religion part of a discussion that is not about religion itself is basically the best way to do social suicide since everybody think you are weired and nuts . 
  politicians basically never mention god and the only reason we know the religion of merkel is because her fahter was a protestant pastor . 
  creationism and everything not-science-based `` theory '' are , if at all , just a running joke . 
  yes , religion is an optional class in schools , but there , you are thought the religion in a rather objective manner , and never with the view that what you are told is remotly true . 
  an athiest world-view is among the youth quite wide spread . 
  and by the way , when you are really an athiest , than you should n't have a problem to enter a religiouse building since it is just a normal building for you . 
  i am something between agnostic and athiest and i thought it was quite interesting from a cutlural point of view . 
  we were not thought anything of the religion there , rather of some traditions like washing the feet . 
  it was to give us at least some contact with people of faith so we learn that you can talk to them without getting weired out . 
  than why did we invited my physics teacher in our history-class were he told from his life-experience how he fleed the gdr over a not-hat-frozen lake where he nearly died ? 
  why did my school used the opportunity to invite a holocaust-survivor ? 
  why do we ever do such trips to meet / discuss something out of the classroom ? 
  because it is a difference to just speak about something or discuss it with someone who is part of what you discuss . 
  it gives the complete theme a new perspective . 
  i went to a catholic school as protestant since every catholic school has to take in at least 1/4 of non catholics ( in nrw ), 
  there is the option about not learning any religion intensionally , but since our culture and life has still quite a lot religiosue background ( for example that eastern is still a national holiday ) , we learn at least the most basics . 
  and during the visit at the mosque , we did n't learned anything about the islam as such , rather about some traditions that are outside of the koran , for example that they wash their feet before prayer , and in which direction they pray . 
  it gives just at least a little bit of contact to the other religion to overcome cutlural bias . 
  rap is also part of cutlure , even when i do n't like it . 
  when we limit our view to only the things we already like , we will end in utter stupidity and ignorance . 
  just your comment shows that you should go out and talk to a few moslems yourself . 
  also , you should read a little bit in the bible from time to time , this is just a s brutal and backwards as the koran . 
  by the way , we did n't learn anything about the koran in the mosque , rather about how the building is used ( where they pray , that they prey in a special direction , that they wash their feet before praying ) , but i ca n't remember if the imam even spoke about allah at all . 
  it was rather a cultural than a religiouse intercourse . 
  it has a cultural component since 5 % of our population is muslim . 
  that is a significant part to get into contact . 
  second : german schools are not a 100 % seperated since we have optional religion classes , you wo n't fine a school that does not offer at least protestand and catholic classes . 
  and that is good this way since it is a part of culture to learn about religion , and giving this only to priests creates a open door for influence to extremisn . 
  the state has , even for religion classes , a ciriculum each teacher has to follow . 
  each religion-teacher went for several years to a university to learn what he will teach and how to do it in an objektive manner and with critical thinking . 
  also , it helps to seperate better between religion and natural science to see them coexists perfectly well . 
  i went for two years to a catholic school and still learnd quantum physics and evolution . 
  we have around 4 million moslems in germany , that is around 5 % of our complete population . 
  in more urban areas , the liklyhood that you will have contact with a lot of muslims is even higher . 
  therefor - they became a noticible part of our culture by being here . 
  and to get into contact with minorities helps to get rid of prejudices . 
  first , we have religouse-classes , you normally decide if you take evangelic or protestant-classes - of if you do n't want to take these classes at all . 
  up to 14 , the parents decide upon your pariticpation in religion-classes , after that , the child is mature enough to decide for itself . 
  but we learned also other religions as part of the religion-studies , for example islam , it was done at the same time as we learned about the crusades in history i think ( but not too sure about that anymore ) the visit at the mosque was for us part of the social studies ( which were part of the geography-curriculum ) in order to understand the other side as well . 
  the visit at the mosque did n't went at all into the religion as such , but to the traditions , for example that you wash your feet before the prayer . 
  also , we could discuss with the imam to understand the islamic part of our society better . 
  you should have at least some understanding of the socialisation of the people you meet in your daily life to make it easier to life together . 
  depends . 
  but yes , it is a complete day thing in the regard that you do n't visit school all day . 
  how long the single event will take depends on the situation . 
  in the mosque , we were maybe for 2 - 3 hours , but in the pergamon-museum , we were longer . 
  we did thins in berlin once a month , but in other states less often . 
  and i would n't call it a waste of time to visit for example historical places . 
  we were at the house of the wannsee-conference where they decided to kill the jews , went through an exebition of nazi-crimes , than met with people working there to talk about what we saw . 
  it is way better just to hear this in the classroom . 
  same with going through the pergamon-altar , where you can see the antic architecture in real instead of just sitting in the school and reading books . 
  or our visit at the police where we learned basic behaviour in a situation of crisis , for example to respond loud enough for everyon to hear loud when someone tries to intimidate you with a faint voice , or when to use the emergincy-break and other things to reconsider . 
  or another visit in the townhall that had an exebition about security on the streets with glasses that make you feel drunk , a driving simulater for drunk driving , a doll to practice first aid and such stuff . 
  it is something different to hear this in school or to leanr something at these special places / from qualified personell . 
  i am no expert for this since never did anybody did n't participate to a school trip apart from an illness , so i ca n't say that with certaincy . 
  but it is quite possible . 
  of course , you can talk to the teachers about it and they can think about something . 
  again , there are special funds for kids in need , and for the parents that are n't in need , i could imagine that they would be fined if they refuse to let the child attend . 
  edit : by the way , the day-trips i am talking about at the moment are never more than 10-20 $ at absolute maximum . 
  normally , it is just maybe 2,50-6 $ for a train-ticket and up to 10 $ for a pupil-ticket . 
  and sometimes , if the class does a picknick during the trip , you have to bring whatever you promise to bring .
