  same as when you hand over the money and take the thing without any other visible action . 
  no other expression , through direct speech or written , is necessary anymore . 
  basically , by acting out the grundgesetz without any major complaint about it , without any attempt to overthrow it , by admenting it due to the legal process of the parliament , by voting and suing through the instututions provided by the grundgesetz , by politically discussing and enacting the fundamental rights as set up in the grundgesetz , the people accepted this legal text as their constitution and so , the need to make a public hearing and a public referendum was not longer necessary to put the grundgesetz from this provisionary state to a full and perfect constitution . 
  it was an option when germany reunited , but , since it was all chaotic enough , it was decided against it . 
  the constitution stands as it is and there is no real movement in sight to change the constitution completly ( if you do n't count the nutjobs of the reichsb\u00fcrger-movement that say that germany is no real nation , only a company owned by the states as long as there is no real constitution in place ) edit : also , it does not say `` this basic law shal cease when the nation reunits '' but `` this basic law , which since the achievement ... '' , meaning basically that this law is applicable for all of germany and should only cease if a new constitution was adopted by the german people . 
  edit : i changed that there are probably movements to change the constitution as it happend at several times in the past - by using the methods for that set out by the basic law . 
  on the other hand , a complete abolishment as in art . 
  146 gg is not in sight . 
  ah , yeah , the article that our rightwingers try to use to argue that germany has no real constitution - . - . 
  why ? 
  what would be the benefit ? 
  it would only mean to create two sets of the facilities , a lot of traveling and less time for work . 
  so , waste of money in my opinion . 
  well , first of all , the areas the eu can act is limited by the treaties . 
  there were some situations where the eu-organs broadened their power a little bit by annex-competences , but the fact stand that they only can act out in certain themes . 
  to add new competences to the eu , it needs a change of the treaties which can only happen when all member-states agree unanomisly to them . 
  depending on how your domestic laws deals with that , the possibilities of participation of the people changes . 
  nations with referendi for such treaties will have a broader possibility , nations that only demand a parliamentarian decision still have some participation since they request the adoption of these rules to the representatives of the people . 
  first , the eu has no constitution , and the mere fact that you call it that way shows quite a lot about you . 
  your comment is mostly missleading , but not completly . 
  within the ordinary legislative procedure , the parliament has the last word , and if they reject the proposal enough , it is dead . 
  they have also the power to change the proposal , but the law can only come into effect when counsil and parliament agree both on the same proposal . 
  there are some limited areas though where the comission can act on their own , but pain it like they can do it in every area is just simply false . 
  i just looked it up and there are different kinds where the comission can act on their own and where this is applicable : the consultation procedure : here , they have to ask the parliament for their opinion , but they are not bound by this opinion . 
  this is only appliable in [ the cases of ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/summary/glossary/consultation_procedure.html ) :  this procedure is applicable in a limited number of policy areas , such as internal market exemptions and competition law , as well as financial matters and aspects of intellectual property and administrative issues . 
  it is also used for the adoption of instruments such as recommendations and opinions issued by the council and the commission . 
  the consent procedure : here , the parliament have to agree to the proposal for it to become law , but the parliament has no rights to change the proposal itself . 
  it can only be used as [ follos ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/summary/glossary/assent_procedure.html ) :  as a non-legislative procedure , it usually applies to the ratification of certain agreements negotiated by the eu , or is applicable most notably in the cases of serious breach of fundamental rights under article 7 of the treaty on european union ( teu ) or for the accession of new eu members or arrangements for the withdrawal from the eu . 
   as a legislative procedure , it is to be used also when new legislation on combating discrimination is being adopted and it gives the european parliament a veto when the subsidiary general legal basis is applied in line with article 352 of the treaty on the functioning of the eu ( tfeu ) . 
  for the last two , i just copy the wikipedia-article :  commission and council acting alone  under this procedure the council can adopt laws proposed by the commission without requiring the opinion of parliament . 
  the procedure is used when setting the common external tariff ( article 31 ( ex article 26 ) ) and for negotiating trade agreements under the common commercial policy ( article 207 ( 3 ) ) . 
   commission acting alone  in a few limited areas , the commission has the authority to adopt regulatory or technical legislation without consulting or obtaining the consent of other bodies . 
  the commission can adopt legislation on its own initiative concerning monopolies and concessions granted to companies by member states ( article 106 ( 3 ) tfeu ) and concerning the right of workers to remain in a member state after having been employed there ( article 45 ( 3 ) ( d ) tfeu ) . 
  two directives have been adopted using this procedure : one on transparency between member states and companies [ 13 ] and another on competition in the telecommunications sector . 
  [ 14 ] also , in the end , the situation is also not that black in this regard since the comission are not some mysteriouse people that live behind the shadows , but representatives of every single government of the eu . 
  normally , the nations act like they have no influence at the decisions of the council , but that is utter nonsense , since the members of the council are in there to represent the interests of their states and so , when a eu-law is passed , you can be asured that the nation 's leader all knew about it and had their say in developing these . 
  there are a few , but they are not really important . 
  i only know one person visiting the fresenius-university since they are the only one offering the studies he wanted to do ( corporate-psychology ) without him having to move through half of germany . 
  i know another guy who thought about enrolling to such a universities that are specialised in game-development , something that seems not that focused at the public universities . 
  but in general , the public universities are these you will looking for , they are reknown and with 250 $ per semester ( state-ticked included ) affordable . 
  so , who wants to study anything that is offered there , they normally go to the public universities . 
  i prefer a more centralised system , for example the fact that here , in germany , civil law and criminal law are regulated federally , and it makes it well easier to handle this . 
  acutally , i would really prefer if the education would also be centralised . 
  as someone who moved between states two times during my school life , it really screwed me up , it created an unnesessary barrier between the states . 
  edit : but with that , i only mean the general political system . 
  economically , a decentralised system is important . 
  also , things that are about economical development has therefor be decentralised as well . 
  i would recommend that you use your credit card and go to an atm , in big parts of europe , credit cards are not widly accepted , so you should have at least enough for food and some souvenairs in your pockets . 
  and despite that , an idea where you would land could help us giving you recommendations , 
  normally yes . 
  two years ago , i was in bresslau , which is wraclaw now , something i learned only during the booking-process . 
  but that is the same as i call japan normally not nippon , or peking not bejing , at it is the same as you calling me german and not deutscher . 
  every nation has their own words for places in foreign places , in special when the original name is difficult to say in your own tongue or , like in poland , there are historical names that are used . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1idk4192see ), 
  germany was , even only a minor , colonial power . 
  we are thought some , but not really that much . 
  the teaching about the colonial-age was rather centered on the uk as the biggest ( and about the counter-movment with a focus on ghandi ) and a little bit on spain and their part of the activities in america when we learned briefly the history of america . 
  the german colonies are mentioned in connection with the raising tentions between european states , in special about the new threat-level that germany became for the other colonial powers after the german unification and how the attempts of germany to get a slice of the colonial cake angered a lot of nations . 
  we also learned the differences between bismark who did n't want to get any colonies just to prevent this anger from forming , and how the political landscape changed dramatically when kaiser wilhelm ii . 
  came into power who wanted the prestige of colonies for germany . 
  but about the things we did in our won colonies , we have n't spoken that mouch about that ( i finished school roughly 6 years ago ) . 
  * 1 cent : 1 x german * 10 cent : 1 x german ; 1 x french * 20 cent : 1 x german * 50 cent : 1 x german * 1 $ : 1 x german * 2 $ : 1 x spainish, 
   opening the chackras you know that meridians found their backoning in the scientific community , same with energy fields that surround the body . 
  that is also the reason why acupuncture and massages is today a widly accepted method of treatmend . 
  as far as i heard , yoga , inspecial the breathing-technice that is part of that , is helping the body to work with its energy ( well , as most other of these stretching technics , so probably pilates as well , but i have no clue there ) . 
  so , i would n't say that this `` opening hte chackras '' is really part of the religiouse aspect of this training , but rather as visiualization of things that happen . 
  cleaning the soul on the other hand is really purly religiouse since there is nothing like cleaning the soul . 
  florida and i was 6 . 
  we rented a nice house near the everglates where my uncle ( who took us with him ) had some meetings to attend . 
  i can remember my granny sitting on a plastic chair in the pool and that we had to search the american supermarkets for maggi since she wanted to make a bean stew at 30 \u00b0 c in the shadows - . - . 
  also , from the same holiday , how we came home to this house , going out of the car and as fast as possible into the house to defend ourself from the mosquitos , just to throw our clothes away and jump into the pool to cool down the stings we got . 
  edit : also remember that , during that holiday , my aunt and my granny were with us kids driving in a car when i noticed my granny that we have a mosquito inside the car . 
  my granny started to scream like hell and my aunt thought that my granny had an heart-attack . 
  due to that , she came off the street and drove against one of these american mailboxes . 
  my aunt went to the guy who owned the mailbox and said sorry and paied him . 
  the owner just laughed and sait that it is the 5st time he had to repair this thing , but that my aunt was the first one to actually stop due to that . 
  first : how to leave depends on how the amry is set up . 
  is it a seperate treaty that is not attached to the eu-basic treaties , than you just have to end this treaty and retread your own military personell . 
  if the eu-army is linked to the eu-basic-package , than you have to trigger art . 
  50 eu-trearty and leave the union , just as the uk plans to do now . 
  so , there will be a method to leave . 
  second : such a military has to be formed in a way where an automatism starts that , when one member of the united army is attacked , than the defense-forces will autmoatically be called upon . 
  and actually , i really doubt that the eu-military would n't come to help , there is no reason for that , actually , if even the smallest member of our union is attacked , it is an attack against all of us , it would hurt all of us without fail . 
  if you define a nation and souveranity only by their military forces , than you have a really srewed idea . 
  souvaranity is more than just having the power to invade other nations , that is maybe definition you would find in 1933 germany , but not in a modern industrialised world . 
   can tell u now that many people who founded the eu would strongly disagree with an eu army first , why should i care what the people thought that founded the eu . 
  the very first idea of the eu was directly after ww2 were something like that , such a close union , was unthinkable , and that went on for several decades . 
  i never understood the us-way to argue with the founding fathers since they were children of their time that was fundementally different to the present time . 
   and why when we already have nato ? 
  because the nato has nothing to do with the eu . 
  yes , as far as i know ( never really checked it ) , all members of the eu are members of nato , but also nations like turkey and to be honest , the us has not the best reuptation when it comes to war-waging as well . 
  i think we are close alleys , in the special with the us , but i do n't like to be too dependend on them , in special in with these concerns . 
  if we have even one trump on power in the us , the nato-protection is pretty much questionable . 
   im sure hitler wouldve also claimed that his army was to secure peace . 
  and that shows the suptidity of your argument . 
  the eu is not hitler , and every attempt to make them the same is rather stupid . 
  this has nothing to do with invastion . 
  hitler 's army based on the principle that germany has all power , and he has all power in germany , the invaded nations never had a say in that . 
  that is different to the eu where everyone is represented ( despite rather baseless claims that try to convince that is different ) . 
  as long as you have a say in the conduct of the army , and as long as you can get out of the army whenever you feel like it ( just as the uk just now leaves the eu ) , you keep your souveranity and it has nothing to do with invasin , it is just a tiwsted argumentation of nationalists .
