  yes , that it is satire has to be added to the context , but that allone is not a reason that it has not the same limitations as freedom of speech . 
  also , the government has more than just the obligation to give freedom . 
  germany has also the duty to protect the constitutional rights of its citicens , for example the human dignity of each man , just as they are obliged to protect the life of every human . 
  the idea that freedom of speech can everything lead us in the past into hitler-germany and we learned that a freedom can only go as far as it does not violate the freedom of other people , for example their human dignity that can be violted by free speech . 
  there are no ulitmative freedoms because every ultimative freedom of a single person can become supression for others when this single person is able to missuse the freedom completly . 
  freedom is the ability to use your rights as long as you do n't unjustly hurt others . 
  you can hurt other 's , everyone has to endure certain amounts of suffering for the freedoms of other 's , but everything has its limits , and blunt and intentional lies are nothing that has to be endured , or we end with a second trump , oh , sorry , i meant hitler, 
  yes , there is another one , the incitment of masses . 
  and i would like to hear what more that my constitutional-law-books forgot to mention . 
  because satire falls under the same rules . 
  you can do satire as much as you want as long as it falls under the limitations of free speech which i just showed . 
  his words are ( at least for a big part of the poem ) basic slander . 
  please , stop use the term `` hate speech '' when you speak about german law , because this includes legal debates in other nations that has nothing to do with german law and creates a wrong idea of what is prohibited in germany and what not . 
  what is prohibited in germany is the incitment of masses . 
  you can say as much hatefull things as you like , as long as you do n't try to create thereby a athmosphere of hatred and violence that will cause other 's to start doing crime . 
  you have to purpusfully use your speech to cause this form of incitment . 
  so , no , the feelings of the other site is not protected under german law , what is protected is the public order so that you do n't run around , incite hatred for example in bars or mosques to make other 's do your dirty work . 
  an about `` bad taste '' - laws . 
  these do not exist in germany as well . 
  what exist is the law against insults . 
  there is a difference . 
  insults are word that are just used to hurt , without any basis in reality . 
  i can call merkel `` bitch of refugees '' if i want to ( what i do n't want ) because this would be a criticism of her politics . 
  it is bad taste , yes , but it is still a legal crticism . 
  other than what b\u00f6hermann did , because there is no real knowledge about the emptiness of his testicless or his participation in gangbangs . 
  normally , it is swapped , normally , the right not to be insulted is seen on a lower rank as the freedom of speech , but only as long as the free speech does not get missuesed by saying blunt lies . 
  as long as the free speech is factual-based and not just to smere someone else , you can say what you want . 
  the rule we learn in university ( i study law ) is that whenever there is unclear if this is just smearing slander or factual based , it is factual based and allowed to say . 
  only when a text has no more content as a tirade of insults , solely aimed to diminsh another person without discussing anything about that person , free speech is limted and losses . 
  germany is one of very very few nations in the world that got a perfect grade in concernse of freedom of press . 
  you can say nearly everything in germany , there are just two expetions : * no incitment of masses , so if you try to create an athmosphere to influence others into violence , that is forbidden ( the complete ban of nazi-symbols are part of this ) * no smear-texts ( in german schm\u00e4htext ) . 
  a smear-text is a text without any connection to reality that does not discuss anything that is solely aimed to dimish another person and therefor has no value to be protected by the freedom of speech . 
  so , as long as you do n't tell blunt lies that are not even backed by any form of rumor other than the one you just started ( or of which you know that they are just blund lies ) , and which you only want to hurt another person , you are free to say everything, 
  no , they ca n't . 
  the only way they could do that is to give the case to the constitutional courts and ask to call the law unapplicable , but there is no option to nullify punishment if the law is applicable . 
  every freedom has its limits , and concerning freedom of speech , press and broadcasts , it is really difficult to make the step into illigality in germany , you have to try really hard to do that , and b\u00f6hmermann did . 
  the basic rule is : you can say everything as long as it has any base in the real life . 
  you can say everything as long as it is not solely aimed to diminish and hurt someone else . 
  so , as long as you do n't spread blunt lies about another person just to diminish him , to hurt his honor and his person , yu are free to say everything . 
  you can throw as much shit against him as you want as long as it has a hint of real ciricism in it . 
  the problem is , parts of b\u00f6hermanns poem did n't had any hint of real ciricism in it , but were just bluntly insulting without any other value . 
  a line about that his head is so empty as his balls and about his participation in gangbangs : yes , he has an empty head , but the emphesis was here empty balls , and there is no basis for that , also he is a fashist , but he is not a pornstar . 
  and as a democracy , we give even people we do n't like constitutional protection , so erdogan has the right as every normal person to fight slanderouse criticim . 
  an interesting part for example , it was not forbidden to say that he is beating girls while wearing a mask because , hell , he ordered beating girls , so this is real and true cricicim that has nothing to do with slander . 
  we have . 
  the only thing is that the freedom of expression , press and speech has one limitation , and that is basic slander . 
  as long as there is a hint of real criticism in the satire , it is okay , you can say whatever you want . 
  but as soon as you only say things without any real criticism with the sole aim to diminish another person , than this is not protected anymore . 
  because of that , the court only prohibited the repetition of the lines concering erdogan 's empty balls and his participation in gangbangs , because there is not even the slightest hint that erdogan did that . 
  that 's all . 
  even a slight rumor would have been enough to pull that into legality , but here was notthing that could be a basis for such claims . 
  not always . 
  you do n't have to write always articles . 
  there are several examples that shows the importance of caps in germany : sie ist wirklich gut zu v\u00f6geln . 
  ( she is really good to be banged ) ich w\u00fcnschte er w\u00e4re dichter . 
  ( i whish he was more drunk ) der gefangene floh . 
  ( the inmate escaped ) der gefangene floh . 
  ( the captured flea ) there are a lot more really funny examples to show how this way of writing is reall helpful :d, 
  never said that german is easy . 
  it just baffled me the two people with the most lingustic skill i know of , which learn several languages for fun , gave up on polish because of some insane structures . 
  in school , i sucked at every form of language . 
  i had n't a good start with languages when they were introduced in the 5th and 7th grade and never recovered from that during my school-time . 
  when i finished school , i forced myself to learn english beyond what my just passing-grade gave me during school , but i thought i would never learn another language . 
  fast forward a few years , i watched so many original anime 's that i just wanted to know the language and enrolled in a japanese-course in the university and started to really like it . 
  i realized that i just hated how the school teached the language and that now , that i can do it freely out of my free choice and in the way i like it , i can really like learning new languages . 
  sadly , due to a surgery and now exames , i had to break up japanese after just half a year , but i plan in resuming the language as soon as i have time again . 
  i know two people that tried to learn polish , both loved to learn languages and did is as a hobby . 
  one was my former latin-teacher who could speek i think around 8 languages at least somewhat fluent ( including latin , old greek and hebrew ) and my stepfather who speaks around 6 languages , learned esperanto within a few weeks . 
  both failed to learn polish and gave it up after around a year . 
  as far as i heard it , it has the most fucked up grammer that you can imagine and that it is a nearly unbeatable challange to become fluent in this language ( which means here without a grammer-mistake in every 2-3 sentences ), 
  well , you do n't understand , merkel is the figure in power , everything she does is naturally wrong , despite that she did this because it was the only possible solution . 
  and how dare you to assume anyone ever said she should do something that she actually did , in special if this action turns out bad , that would mean the general public could make mistakes !, 
  how outrageouse !, 
  well , i had it in school since the 7th grade ( i had latin as first foreign langauge beginning at 5th grade ) , but honestly , i sucked majorly in languages . 
  when school ended after 13th grade , i got my grades for the seriouse attempt to form english sentences in speaking and writing , not really for doing it successful ( i could understand most though ) . 
  between end of school and start of university , i attended several toefl-courses to improve my english and during unisversity-time , i visited several us-law-lectures in english and participated in an international law-contest that demanded to write a scientific text and hold a legal argument in front of a court . 
  in special during this last part , my english massivly improoved . 
  i know that i still make a lot of mistakes , but i became somewhat fluent . 
  just my speaking became worst since i only used english in writing for the last maybe 2 years , and i never became that good in speaking that i could sustain a good accent for this long . 
  most people i know know at least somewhat english . 
  my mother was even raised bilingual since her parents valued the perfect knowledge of english as essential ( and hired several native-language nanny 's during her early life ) . 
  i tried for a while to learn japanese , but my university-studies forced me to pause that for a while . 
  1,87 and you do n't want to experience studying in my university . 
  i bet these seats were built for japanese , you literally ca n't sit in these things normally because the length of your upper leg is longer than the gap to the seat before you . 
  in the end , i took always a seat on the aisle just to be able to stick my legs into the aisle . 
  such doctrines exists in germany perfectly well , it just does n't really work in this case . 
  i have two instances where this works : * during mass brawles , if someone gets severly injured , everyone ( intentionally ) participating in this brawle , even the one that were hurt , will be convicted for `` participating in a brawle '' which can lead to an imprisonment up to three years . 
  this was created because of the difficulties to find the actual culprit of such an action , and this way , everyone get 's convicted for causing an environment where something like that can happen * the case you mentioned would also probably lead to an conviction of all three robbers as murders . 
  according to german law , if all culprits commit a crime together and all of them have some controle over the crime itself ( in contrast to a simple participant ) , the action of each criminal will be count against all the other culprits as long as the action of the criminal was part of the plan . 
  so , if one shots a person fetally and the other two criminal said that , if necessary , they will shoot people , they are all murder . 
  the problem with this case is a little bit different . 
  they can easily convict all participants for robery if they find out that he was part of the group robbing a specific person . 
  the question with the sexual assult is more of a problem because you have to proove that it was part of their plan to sexually assult and not that just one culprit did it by chance without telling his fellow culprits beforehand . 
  if it was not part of the plan , it has to be prooven who of these people did the sexual assault , and that is impossible . 
  asking google , an inmate costs per day somewhere between 100 to 200 $ a day ( could n't find anything clearer ) . 
  so , even with the lowest estimation , this makes at least 3000 $ per month , and that only if there are enough detention-space available , which , if we start to imprison all people awaiting deportation , might become questionable . 
  i have n't read the italian courts decision ( this little article is not enough to make an educated decision about the italian ruling ) , but only the german 's , and actually , here it was ruled that uber could continue to provide their services under the condition that they fullfill every regulation german taxis have to fullfill . 
  just , uber was not really interested in that because than , they would have to offer it for the same price as the established taxi-companies to cover the costs . 
  no , but also to fastly build container-homes etc. 
  is still a completly different thing to provide detention-space for a sudden dramatical increase of incarcerations .
