  * shudder *, 
   i do n't know whether the chancellor 's powers today are more limited , but i do recall reading about hitler issuing directives . 
  these would be comparable : those instruct the federal security service and/or military , both of which are under the command of the executive , to take some action . 
  no , they are not comparable since hitler basically ignored the parliament since it was just a puppet parliament . 
  all power were tied to him , what he said was the law , he was above constiutional court and above the parliament , something that is not true for germany today . 
  same with military , our military is a parliamentary military , which means that only at times of an attack the power is given to the executive to really act , in all other cases , the parliament is the only branch that can decide about the deploy and scope of any military operation and it is their right to decide if the power in a state of emergency has to be given to the executive . 
  edit : just looked a little bit up the executive order :  congress has the power to overturn an executive order by passing legislation in conflict with it . 
  congress can also refuse to provide funding necessary to carry out certain policy measures contained with the order or to legitimize policy mechanisms . 
  in the former , the president retains the power to veto such a decision ; however , the congress may override a veto with a two-thirds majority to end an executive order . 
  it has been argued that a congressional override of an executive order is a nearly impossible event due to the supermajority vote required and the fact that such a vote leaves individual lawmakers very vulnerable to political criticism . 
  the fact that the president has a veto-right gives him an enormouse power . 
  that for example is not possible for merkel , if the parliament decides to change the law , she has to accept it , even with a simple majority . 
  as far as i read it , the executive orders entitles the president to create policies as long as they are in consistence with the constiution and no federal law made by the congress oposses this new law . 
  that is a power merkel does not have since she can only do anything if there is a law especially entiteling her to do so . 
  if she wants to make anything for which no law is created yet , she has to go to the parliament and ask for such law . 
  well , not really , as the head of the executive , she can give orders in the boundaries of the parliamentary laws , but she ca n't create laws herself like , for example , the american president can ( with the already mentioned executive orders ) . 
  edit : also , she and her office has the right to give law-initiatives , meaning she can make proposals to the parliament which laws should be discussed . 
  also , since the chancelor the representative of the government formed by the ruling coalition , her party ( and of the coalition partner ) have the controle over the parliament , meaning that it is easier for them to create laws . 
  nontheless , in special due to the multi-party-system , she still has to get the majority not only from her own party , but from her coalition partner as well . 
  and it is not like the party will always follow their chancelor ( even when they do in a lot of cases ) . 
  so , she is an important figure with a lot of power , but still restricted enough that there is no fear within the german population ( well , at least outside the tinfoil-head-fraction ) that fear any kind of dictatorship from her . 
  yeah - that was a time when the csu was bearable , but if you remember , he run in 2002 and lost against the spd , so it is hard to say that he did n't had his chance , and at that time the csu was already start to become the party it is today . 
  it just exalerated with seehofer . 
  and we should n't forget that s\u00f6der was steuber 's fault as well - . - ( steuber made s\u00f6der big enough to have a role in politics in the first place ) . 
   edmund stoiber :d :d , legit competition , you should start as stand-up commidian . 
  the power of the chancelor is rather limited , partly because she is not directly elected by the people . 
  she is the head of the government , but ca n't do , for example , executive orders . 
  every action of hers has to be based on a parliamentary law . 
  also , it can be argued that the higest power in our nation is the constitutional court since it can overrule any action by the chancelor . 
  due to these checks and balances , her powers are limited enough to allow such an unrestricted runtime . 
  it has to be noted that these actions were done in accordance with his party - also that we start to go into the election campaigns and that the spd and the cdu , even when they formed now several time coalitions are normally political enemies . 
  also , gabriel is even a worse weather vane than even the worst critics of merkel say about her . 
   asymmetrical and restrictive : only foreign corporations can claim against a state . 
  the reverse is not true and neither can other parties . 
  this is extrajudicial and grants privileges and rights for just one class : foreign investors true , but local companies are less likly to be discriminated against . 
  for example , i would n't really be sure if apple would have won all these copyright-cases in the us if apple would have been korean and samsung american . 
  it is a normal behaviour that states want to protect their local companies - and the investment-treaties is aimed against this practice . 
   bypasses local remedies by proceeding claims directly to the isds tribunal or settlement mechanism this is important if the local courts are basically overchallanged by these amount of cases . 
  in italy , at least two years ago when i heard this lecture , a ordinary case in front of the civil courts can take easily up to 10 years or even more . 
  in such cases , the result of the case is pointless . 
   binds across governments , therefore undermines sovereign accountability do n't really understand what you mean with that point  unlike local remedies there are no guarantees of transparency , procedural fairness or judicial safeguards . 
  in fact , confidentiality is de-rigueur in arbitration which is abnormal when either party is a state or public body . 
  arbitration is not the same as public court that is true with the prior treaties , but if you look at ceta , this problem was tackled . 
  under ceta , the uncitral transparancy rules were adopted , meaning that every dispute is as transparant as nearly no national courts are . 
  for example , each written pleading will be published , and the only things that can be blacked out are special company secrets , for example the secret recepture of coca cola would n't have to be revealed , but everything else - completly open . 
  the thing with the judicial safeguards are in discussion , but not agreed upon yet . 
   often clauses are inserted that permit claims against changes to business expectations . 
  these are a direct attack on sovereignty , sovereign accountability and systems of governance , e.g. 
  democracy . 
  they are particularly damaging to wholesale reforms or introduction of brand new standards or legislation . 
  please , read ceta in combination with a legal book about that matter . 
  if you read both closly , you will find that ceta identified every single legal argument within the investment-law and decided it for this treaty in favor for the state . 
  you are pinpointing the discussion about expropriation . 
  please read for that matter annex 8-a par . 
  3  for greater certainty , except in the rare circumstance when the impact of a measure or series of measures is so severe in light of its purpose that it appears manifestly excessive , non-discriminatory measures of a party that are designed and applied to protect legitimate public welfare objectives , such as health , safety and the environment , do not constitute indirect expropriations . 
  this is the most restrictive version of this clause ever written , and it really only provides the possibility to sue in cases like i just discussed , when a nation only acts against a nation out of spite , but as long as there is any legit reason to change a law , the state can do it without any problems . 
   involving who serves as judge and jury in these settlement systems , e.g. 
  serious conflicts of interest , appeals , pecuniary incentive to file claims , size of claims , and length of claim processing due to for-profit arbitrators do you know how these judges ( there is no jury ) are elected ? 
  i doubt . 
  there are in general three judges , each party can decide upon one , the third is elected by both sides . 
  since such a hearing is not that cheap , they would n't take people that are known to prolong that thing since it would be , in special for the investor , quite useless if he have to pay more than he ever could get out of the ruling . 
  also , the third man , the man that is basically diciding , is elected by both . 
  they choose people like judges of the international court of justice and similar institutions since they already prooven to be unbias , they could never settle on any kind of judge any side has the slightes doubt , or they are idiots , and in only rare cases , idiots are going to these courts , neither from the state - nor from the company side ( well , if , than more likly from the company-side )  since these claims can be historical and unlimited in liability , yet still routine , they can force changes ( read : wreak havoc ) with management of public funds and public policy , causing on-going concern for such claims and policy management to be built into domestic governance at the highest levels . 
  this may be completely incompatible with existing domestic laws and constitutions , one reason why eu countries in particular are so averse to isds by limiting the possibilities for investors to sue , as done under ceta , this problem became lesser and lesser relevant . 
   isds proponents who point out the preservation of `` rights to regulate '' within international treaties with isds fail to note that such affirmations are never in relation to the investment chapter , i.e. 
  where it is most needed if i understand you correctly , you should again look at annex 8-a since the right to regulate for the state is quite clearly given here . 
   the relatively new inclusion of award reductions if the state removes or amends measures opposed by the foreign investor , i.e. 
  when a government changes its decision where it is threatened with an isds claim . 
  this , perversely , increases the likelihood of regulatory chill and threatens right to regulate never heard of that before , so i ca n't say anything about it  the fact that isds under ttip would have far more significance and impact than all other existing investment treaties combined , not least because there are very few such treaties between developed countries . 
  which actually could be a good thing if the existing rather bad treaties that favor the investors too much would be replaced by something like ceta that is highly restrictive against the investors . 
  it actually could be the start of a new - better area for investment-treaties without this wild-west investor-bs . 
  yeah - the service sector , that in combination with the berliner schnautze :d, 
  another difference is the death-tax - if you are marriaged , your partner get a higher free-sum that is not taxed , just as the kids get , in order to make sure people that lived together and are married do n't loose suddenly a big part of their possesion when one side dies ( in special relevant when they have seperated posessions and properties ) . 
  that was acutally changed due to the constitutional-court ruling as well , meaning that with this ruling , gays have the same right in this regard . 
  because we are dying out , if you have n't noticed , germany has a birth-rate of 1,7 , a population is not sustainable if we do n't get up to 2,1 . 
  so this is an attempt to give something to people so that they start to make kids . 
  tax-laws are based onthe personal status of a person - and if you are married you can get benefits , most notably the `` ehegattensplitting '' , meaning that when one partner stays at home and the other work , that you can spread the income between both partner with the effect of a lower taxation-level . 
  that was something not given to gays , probably with the argument `` why do one have to stay at home , they do n't have kids to care for '' , but i do n't know for real if that was the official argument . 
  edit : ( that works actually even when both work . 
  their shared income will be aggregadet , than halved , and each of them has to pay the tax that belongs to the income of this half . 
  this can cause still quite a lot of tax-benefits if both parties have a significant difference in income ), 
  well , it started that the `` eingetragene lebenspartnerschaft '' was quite unequal ot marriage , for example were severl taxation-benefits for marriage not available for gays ( which was overruled by the constiutional court ) . 
  so , these seperate things were created because they were treated seperatly . 
  ehm - the texation-thing was decided by the constitutional court - there is no reasons to differenciate gay couples in regard of texation and so it ruled that marriage-laws are applicable for homosexuals . 
  well - the most noticable difference is adoption , meaniny as a gay-couple , you can only adopt the kids of your partner , but you ca n't just go to an orphanage and apply for an orphan . 
  well , depending if ttip comes into power , it will be for all of euorpe , else just for the states that have already a similar treaty with the us : that will not work . 
  and even for mercedes or bmw , they just move their us-shares to a daughter-company of a treaty-state and suddenly they are under investment-treaty-protection  . 
  part of these treaties is that you ca n't treat foreign companies worse than your naitonal one just because they are foreigners . 
  if there is any bill , directly or indirectly , discriminating foreign companies within the us , like through coperate tax , it is a violation and the us can be sued in front of these evil investment courts  . 
  because of that , the only thing the eu demands is to put the on an equal level to other european copanies , that this special deal has to be canceled . 
  that is not a violation of any investment treaties . 
  well , i plan to become a lawyer , so there would be even profit in berlin - even if the citiy that pays most for lawyers is the one i just life next by - but if you lived once in berlin , you always want to come back there :p, 
  speak about us-rural areas , in germany at least , there is no place that is that rural that it has not a meaning in that . 
  also , it is rather the failure of the system / a little bit therefor of the voters themselves that these areas exist in the us . 
  also , germany is not a socialist state , it is time that the us get their terminology straight to stop this populist bullshit . 
  the udssr was socialist , meaning to make the production-facilities national . 
  europe are social democracies with a social capitalist society , means that basically everything is private ( expect a few core industries like public transport , but these are also more and more privatised ) and the state only provide a social system . 
  he created his sovereing `` ur-state '' ( name of this nutjob is ursache ) in a house that he could n't pay for . 
  well - that is how a state and a community works . 
  imagine a city , only the people that want fire protection pays for the fire department .
