  what do they care if the hungarian free press gets squashed ? 
  or the constitutional court ? 
  a general sentiment regarding the democratic values and human rights . 
  first : if you would have looked at the island , it actually belongs to tunesia , so no european power to create something like you proposed there . 
  second : from the scale , i would say it ca n't be bigger than 10 km \u00b2 . 
  that is only half of lampedusa . 
  if you really want to make there a `` refugee-camp '' for all african refugees there , you can call it `` arbeit macht frei '' , because it will be nothing else than a death-camp . 
  something like that would not even be enough to keep the facilities necessary to provide a refugee-procedure ( including proper housing for staff etc. 
  and housing for people that are in an application-process ) , alone a refugee-camp . 
  even illegal immigrants have the right for a fair process , mean we have to check if they might be refugees or not , and putting them in such a place is not a deterrence , it would be massmurder . 
   tell the migrants that they are not welcome . 
  do n't give them all the benefits like free housing , food , pocket money . 
  eliminate the pull factor . 
  do n't mix up imigration with asylum . 
  do n't mix them up , economical migrants have to go , but for that , we need appropriate treaties with their home-nations . 
  there is no possible alternative to sent them back . 
  and as we ca n't get rid of them , we have to give money and other stuff because else we would be in violation of human rights and second , if we do n't give that to them , they will disappear into illegal work and housing , so that we loose the idea who is here and what they do , and we would have rising criminality and a strengthen of the underground . 
   house genuine refugees in regions nearby . 
  they are housed in nerby regions , look at the amount of refugees staying at the neighbour-nations . 
  in fact , that many stay there that these shelters start to break apart , what is the reason for real refugees to come in the first place . 
   secure boarders , also wihin the european union by frontex , police and military . 
  what will bring nothing without a possiblitiy to either give real refugees shelter and economical immigrants to be sent back . 
  the only other real `` secure '' way would be shooting and killing people that are on our borders , but that would be also not possible unter the rule of law . 
   you now have the chance to show the eastern european nations how the problem should be handled . 
  france solved it by deporting roma migrants back to romania . 
  what is germany 's solution ? 
  how will you integrate people that did not integrate for centuries ( while everyone else did ) ? 
  i do n't say that we do n't have problems with our minorities as well , we have hugh problem with turks and libanese . 
  only what i wanted to say is that it is kind of hypocritical to slam middle and western europe for paying people from the middle east when a lot of the money goes to nationals of easten europe . 
   they have to be paid to european citizens , not to everyone that steps across the eu 's borders . 
  let me tell you about hungary 's social benefits system . 
  if you get fired , you need to pay your own medical expenses ( around 20 eur/month ) until you find an employer . 
  you also do n't really get unemployment benefits . 
  i 've read somewhere that you do , but from my experience that 's not true . 
    so it really does n't pay to be unemployed in hungary . 
    why would anyone want to come here ? 
  unless he/she planned to actually work and pay taxes . 
    so when you say `` benefits have to be paid '' , you 're not talking about the eu in general , you 're talking about western europe or germany in particular . 
  the eu benefits are not uniform , which is why some parts are attractive to migrants , while others are n't . 
  the thing about human rights is that they are universal and every nation has to give them to anybody . 
  the idea of `` human rights only for eu citicens '' is the same principles as in the us `` civil rights only for us-citicens in us-borders !, 
  what , guantanamo , nononono , not us cicitencs , and even if , not in us borders , nothing to see here , just the normal waterbording ! '' . 
  the fact that hungary does not pay their citicens fair social benefits is a problem , i agree in that . 
  because of that , hungary gets aid from the eu , to make their situation better , to give them the existence minimum . 
  and that is also the reason why i say a quota-regulation should be acompanied by eu-money so that there is no further monetary strain on these poorer nations to handle this . 
   what happens now in hungary is mostly corruption , but i do n't know what you 're talking about when it comes to human rights . 
  which human rights were abused recently ? 
  please do n't mention the 2008 shooting of roma people , that was 8 years ago , the people were tried and convicted , and is not a recent event . 
  well , the argument of the european court of human rights to stop dublin was human rights breaches in the hungarian camps . 
  also , the decline of the free press in hungary , the deterioration of the right of a fair trial by basically disempowering the constitutional courts . 
  just look here : https://www.hrw.org/europe/central-asia/hungary, 
  they rescuing them 50 km from lybia , but without permission of lybia , they ca n't sent them back . 
  the law of the sees says that the board of a ship has the nationality of the flag this ships sails under . 
  so , as soon as they are on board of the italian coastal guards , they are an italian problem . 
  second : well , we had such an island at least for greece , it is called lampedusa , ca n't see where that could go wrong ( despite several cases of inhuman conditions and death due to thirst etc. ), 
  you proposal is a direct violation of the human rights , such an island would be a humanitarian disaster within weeks . 
  what we need are working treaties with nations to take these people back , and that not on a national scale , but an eu - scale , but that means giving this competence to the eu . 
  if we can sent economical migrants back , than we can solve the problem . 
  i agree with these strict criteria for economical migrants , but not for real refugees . 
  i also agree that everyone who has no right as a refugee to be here to be shipped back to their home-nation as soon as they are not able to learn the local langauge . 
  for refugees , their money should be limited to the bare minimum when they do n't want to participate in language-courses etc. 
   they are not coming to europe because they are fleeing war and opression . 
  they are coming to europe because we 're offering the most . 
  their main motive for coming to europe is purely economical . 
  if it were n't so , they would have stopped at first stable country . 
  why would n't they even want to stay in first european country - greece or first next one - hungary or slovenia ? 
  btw , fyi , slovenian national tv asked a refugee why would n't she want to stay here . 
  her answer was : `` slovenia is a poor country '' . 
  they stayed on the next country on their way for quite a while . 
  the nations next to syria took in several times more than the complete eu did , and that per nation . 
  the thing is , these were poor nations that ca n't affort to feed their own people , do n't even imagine how they feed an influx of basically 50 % of their population . 
  the un-shelters are heavily underfunded due to the lack of money given to them by the member-states , barely any pays their fulll fee and the un has no way to forcing them to do so . 
  when people were n't abe to get feed properly and sat there for several years , they started to go . 
  the middle-eastern-nations that did n't already took their share of refugees were overly hostile against refugees ( aka saudi 's and co ) , were even funding the is that commit a big part of the war-crimes of that region . 
  that was no place to run . 
  turkey , prior to the refugee-deal , was also a hostile enviorment , children were not allowed to go to school , people not to work , the financind of the refugee-shelters were also lacking the money to support these people properly . 
  next step : greece . 
  greece is poor and it is actually already overcrowded with refugees . 
  people were starving and dying of thirst . 
  no safe place when several people die because of the lack of water . 
  now you go further , and the next country you enter is - another poor nation . 
  after basically runnging from one shelter in a poor nation that was n't able to support any basic human needs to another , i would n't want to try to stop in the next one just to see everything repeat again . 
  considering the amoung of people fleeing , sovlenia would have been able to maybe take the refugees in for maybe one week , or maybe two , until they also hit their financial breakingpoint . 
  so , the only sollution for a `` safe shelter '' would have been a western-european nation as germany that can affort to shelter all these people . 
  yes , it has an economical reason to go to germany , even for the real refugees ( btw. , i am also against the ` false ' refugee that just missused this humanitarian crisis ) , because there , they had the real hope to get a real refugee-shelter where they would n't have to fear hunger , thirst and illnesses . 
  the thing is , if we take an eu-solution , and also use eu-funding , even in poor nation can be created a living-space for refuees that is acceptable , and when they run from there , i am in favor of sending them back there right away . 
  as soon as we have a situation where people do not have to fear horrible conditions in shelters when they stop in poor nations , they have to stay . 
  i am also in favor of swift controle over the origin of refugees ( that is possible , in special with lingual experts ) , but no nation allone is able to handle this . 
  if we only take in the real refugees , than around half , if not more , of the people that currently came would go . 
  and when we are talking about real refugees , than there would n't be forced to take that many in , because at this point - again - you purposly mix illegal immigrants and refugees - to fit your narrative . 
  and your position is also a reason why i think without an eu-solution it will not work . 
  if the eu would create deals with the different nations of the world to take back illegal immigrants , it could use its financial aids for third-world-nations to make these deal happen . 
  no taking back - no aids . 
  and , with these aids , the situation in africa can not be totally solved , but they can make the situation at least torrable . 
  but that is only possible if we stop this national thinking , but we have to try to get into a union-wide-solution . 
   the migrants stopped coming when the wall was erected on the macedonia-greece border . 
  coincidentally this was the same moment when the turkey-deal was reached . 
  if the deal with turkey is cancelled , the wall in macedonia will stay . 
  it will work , of course , only if the eu helps macedonia defend its border . 
  the question is , what do you think how it should be prevented ?
