  as long as you do n't drop out before the 10th grade , you officially finished school with a certificate ( which is enough for most apprenticeships ) , and if you finished the 11th grade you actually get another qualification . 
  yeah , he had a drinking past - in the 70 's , after loosing his dream to become a sportsman due to an injury , but did n't drink a single glass since 1980 . 
  that he never worked is wrong , he finished the apprenticeship to become a book-seller ( what takes 2 years in germany ) and than worked for different companies for several years before starting politiks . 
  yes , that is n't anything fancy , but saying he never worked is factually wrong . 
  farage on the other hand is a populist with less actually substance than a helium-baloon who 's whole agenda is to lie as much as he can . 
  an afro-american ( and i mean someone with a clearly us-accent who seemed to be on a business-trip here ) who started to scream something about racism when he was told to move his luggage out of the aisle of the train we were riding on . 
  it was not really bad , but just so cringeworthy . 
  apart from that , meet foreigners mainly at the station when they ask for directions or in the university where they are quite civilized . 
  there were other incidents with germans with a foreign background , but since they are not foreigners , that is something different . 
  well , it depends on the fruit and how it was handled . 
  for example - apples are often waxed , so i wash them with water and than scrub them with a towle until it is nice and shiny . 
  i only soap lemons when i want to use its skin as a flavor since lemons are normally more sprayed with stuff since you normally do n't use their skin . 
  for salat , wash it with water until the dirt is out , than use a salad drier until the water is out . 
  the rest , cleaning with some water is enough . 
  i am not the one that was bullied  , that was swisskebab . 
  i am just the one that is frustrated by reading all your answers here . 
  even without your mom , you would have the right to call yourself german with every right and you have the right to be proud to be a part of the society , because beeing german does mean nothing more or less than being part of this , the german society . 
  the only people here that ca n't call themselves german that deliberatly live in parallel societies , preventing their intigration . 
  but you seem to be clearly a part of us , `` br\u00fcderlich mit herz und hand '' , 
  man , you are basically the answer to the question of this thread . 
  if you look at the dna , every `` german '' is a mixture from everywhere around the world , our ancestors just fucked around the world enough that we have probably a good part of everything in our bloodstream . 
  so , there is no ethnisity within the last thousands of years due to the constant migration that goes on since the earliest days of humanity . 
  the idea that someone comming in now ca n't become `` real german '' is just proove of a narrow worldview . 
  you can be a `` real german '' as long as you do your best to be a part to become a part of this very society we are living in . 
  well , one guy invited me to some events of his burschenschaft - it was germania - it had these typical colors of the reichskriegsflagge - i ca n't remember the titles of the events , but they sounded rather fishy - never talked to this fellow student again . 
  there is a group of 4 kids , 3 whiter than white and one clearly dark brown , teens walk past three white and kicks 4th black . 
  it was literally impossible that they had any form of conversation before because my mom or the rest of us would have noticed , they just walked past him and gave him a kick . 
  on questioning , black kids states that he never met these kids before . 
  and that happend in an area that is known to have at least some racist-problems . 
  yeah , it is verrry likly that it had nothing to do with his skin-color / s, 
  when i was in elementary , i had a friend that was of middle-eastern descendent ( forgot the concrete origin ) . 
  i think he was maybe 7 or 8 when we walked through the city with my mom , he was a few stepps behind . 
  he suddenly started to limb a little bit - when my mom asked him she learned that a few teenager just kicked him . 
  [ schandmaul ] ( https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=schandmaul ) . 
  it is a band combining instrument and themes of the middle ages with modern rock-instruments and sounds . 
   and every other leader who sent troops . 
  germany did n't . 
  actually , germany challanged the `` prooves '' they had for the invasion of iraq , acutally stating that the first evidence came from german intelligence , but that just shortly afterwards , the german intelligence debunked these evidence as false and gave these information to the us as well . 
  there is somewhere a speach of fischer on the munich security-conference from that time . 
  when we started to take part was when the distruction was done and when it was about to rebuild the chaos the us created . 
  hm , maybe the tea-party ? 
  maybe not back when lucke was part of the party , but under the new regime , it moved more and more into the rather extreme . 
  what i mean is not really a 1:1 comparison , but rather the overall sentiment that is rather difficult to pinpoint . 
   the popular movement in europe on the other hand is mainly right wing , mostly liberal , but with nationalism on the rise . 
  in this regard , you have to remember that `` right wing '' and `` mostly liberal '' has other meanings in europe than in the us . 
  for example germany ( as a german , this is the area i can use the most easily ) , basically all partys would be polictially located in the us as belonging to the democrats , whereas the most nationalist parties would be seen as having most in common with republicans . 
  i think that fits big parts of europe . 
  german , english , ( started japanese a little while ago , but could n't attend classes for a while due to a surgery and damn university-exames . 
  but hope that i can resume it ) . 
  languages thought in my school : english ; latin ; french ; old greek ; ( spanish , but only in the school i graduade from since i moved during school-time ), 
  well , woman can do that , male not that much . 
  male nudity outside of nudist-areas is illegal under \u00a7 183 stgb , whereas female is perfectly fine ( that is really the last gender-unequal criminal law that is left ) . 
  but what you could do is do it and than go to the constitutional court for a violation of art . 
  3 gg , because , to be honest , the reasoning for this is really stupid ( something about how male genetalia are more threatening to see as a woman than female for a man ) . 
  the only thing is - you might not get the outcome you want , the constiutional court could just rule that female should nowe be punished equivally for nudity , and since most males do n't want that , it will not happen . 
  edit : two things : first i thought that this ruling of the bverfg happend before the last reform of the sexual-crime-law , but , looking after it , it happend 2 years after all the other laws were changed to prevent further discrimination - . - ( before 1997 , all sex-crime-laws were solely aimed at males ) . 
  second : i made also a mistake interpreting the law : nudism as such is not illegal , maybe a offend that can be punished with a fine , but not a real crime written in the criminal code . 
  to fulfill the \u00a7 183 , you have to be nude for sexual pleasure . 
  so just jogging , nothing is really illegal . 
   by the way i stopped reading after the first paragaph because people who attack a source even though the informstion in the article is based on facts are usually just trying to push an agenda so the whole discussion is pointless . 
  and here we found the reason why you seem to be a paranoid tin foil head . 
  the first step of any responsible use of media is to look at the source , evaluate their stand within the political spectrum , evaluate if they are known for blunt lying ( as any media owned by murdock is ) and their narrative . 
  in special murdock is heavily against the eu and , during the brexit , wrote one lie after another , a hell lot of them were prooved wrong , so any murdock-source might have , by accident , a fact in them , but you ca n't trust them . 
  if you consume sources without any kind of evaluation thereof , you end up as a paranoid idiot that believes every lie as long as it fits the narrative . 
   i also never said that these documents are proof for anything what i said was that they are interesting . 
  you wrote very bold accusations against the eu , and as prooves , you give unreliable sources with more accusatins and relible sources with scientific papers that support that this is an idea that is discussed , but nothing about real plans or even that this plan is started to be acted out . 
  express is in big parts not better than in regards to making news up , somethign that became during the brexit quite obviouse . 
  the un-link has nothing to do with actual aims of the eu , but is a link of the un that creates such mindegames regulalry as a way to discuss stuff . 
  that has nothing to do with the eu as an organization . 
  the europarl-document : it is a scientific discussion about the current situation , the pro and cons of immigration , and it uses as basic the scientific figure that europe would need 80 million immigrants within the next decades to sustain its systems . 
  what this thing does not say is that they invited people . 
  what it does is to face the problems this continent is in , because knowing the situation is pretty much the first step to solve it , if through immigration or other means . 
  but the claim `` years ago they started offices all over africa to encourage migration to europe '' is nowhere documented in any of the papers you just linked , and `` come here and wants to take in 70 million over the next 15 years . '', 
  was written in as a possible solution in a mindgame , not a plan of action . 
  there is no difference in what was said in salzburger news . 
  avramopoulos just commented that he was against the strict no-immigration-stance of a lot of nations since the contrary would benefit a solution for the aging-problems of our continent . 
  nothing is said that people were invitet , rather that he thought the current situation could have been used if looked at unemotionally . 
  the thing is with such people like you , even to discuss the current situation , it is immidiatly a proove that actions were taken , that immigrants were invited , that the eu tried to supress the native population . 
  but it is their job to think about such problems , to see what is happening , to create different scenario 's how to deal with it , since a mixture of the different scenario 's are normally the successful one . 
  63 % and not-native - actually , i failed english in school pretty badly :d, 
  agreed that they should and could have done more to prevent migration , but could you give me any source for this `` wants migration-thing '' other than `` whitegenocideproject.org '' ( where i was lead when googling these claims ) , so anything reliable that is not known to make facts out of thin air ? 
  if not , than it is really interesting to see where your view is comming from . 
  which law ? 
  it is against dublin , yes , but dublin was seen as invalid by the european court of human rights when it was about sending people back to camps , for example in greece , which violate the human right of the refugees . 
  i do n't want to slam the greece here , it was literally impossible to create a decent camp considering that this small nation got flodded with an unbelievable amount of refugees without a system of eu-quotas and without help . 
  also , how did it broke the law that , when people were basically toring their way out of ukraine , that orban called austria and germany basically saying `` hey , sorry , a couple of hundret of thousand people are on the way , just want to give you a headstart '' and merkel just announced she would take these people in that just came from ukraine , only that her message was spreaded cut short and sometimes deliberatly altered to make it sound like she invites the world ? 
  well , the right to form a union is not that strong in the us , so that alone is often seen as a `` socialist '' system on the other side of the pond - . -, 
  the us has no idea of political idiologies and basically label everything as they like . 
  i am not living in a scnadinavian nation , but in germany , a place also called regularly socialist . 
  the thing is , out nations here actually fought against socialism . 
  the udssr never was communistic , that was their goal , but never anything they archieved . 
  the complete eastern block stayed socialist , and our people died by getting away from it , millions of europeans suffered under socialism . 
  what we have is social capitalism !, 
  that is a hybrid-form between capitalism and socialism , trying to keep as much capitalism without letting people die due to the lack of funding for an illnes or a longer period of unemployment , we want young people to be able to contribute their best to society to make education affordable / free so that the complete community can prosper , but at the same time , we understand that for everything than the most basic needs , capitalism is the only working system . 
  we saw during the time of industrilazation that wild capitalism is just as supressive and bound to fail in the long run as socialism , so we tried to create check and balances between both systems . 
  so , please us , try to learn from people that actually lived in nations suffering from socialism , you only know socialism from hollywood and has no right to define what these systems are , no right to lable a system people run to when they flee socialism as the system they run from . 
  get your shit together and start to use the correct terminology , and than you might be able to make proper reforms to implement more social systems . 
  well , for what i see the fundamental shared value of the eu is the [ echr ] ( http://www.echr.coe.int/documents/convention_eng.pdf ) . 
  for me , this is what this continents society is ( or at least should ) be based upon and to accept these rules are the fundamental basics to be truely european for me . 
  but in this regard , i see it rather as a eu - european definition , not a really geographic - european one .
