  \u00a7 307 ii german civil code :  ( 2 ) an unreasonable disadvantage is , in case of doubt , to be assumed to exist if a provision  1 . is not compatible with essential principles of the statutory provision from which it deviates ,  2 . limits essential rights or duties inherent in the nature of the contract to such an extent that attainment of the purpose of the contract is jeopardised . 
  and if these general rules are not violated , than there is an exhaustive list of things that are illegal to do in the terms and services . 
  the thing is , it has nothing to do with my feelings , but rather that i am a lawyer and i have a sense of what these companies can do and can not do , and normally , when i get the gut-feeling that this is unjust , there is a provision that prohibits these actions , because the law is written with the idea that nobody reads the terms and services , and that most people , even if they read it , have no clue what they mean and what the effects of these could be . 
  and in speical in view of the protection of the uneducated customer , the law basically says `` we see the problem and make sure that they will not fuck you over in these things ! '', 
  if we consider purly economic reasons , we want to show that the eu is an important instutition that leads to profit and well-being for everyone , because if we go out , the liklyhood of a bright economical future is slim . 
  what we have to show is that , when you are outside , even without any further punishment than getting treated as any third-party-nation , can be devestating for an economy that adjusted itself to the eu and that relies on the eu . 
  this would lead to a decline of popularism to create exit-movments , and thus saveguard the continouse existance of the eu . 
  so , since the eu is necessary for profits , it is economical advisable not to give the uk similar access to what they have now . 
  the thing is , again , nobody cares what they write here , it is what they look on the outside for a normal man without either the ability nor the reading-skills to actually understand what is written in the terms . 
  actually , at least in german law ( which is an exeption because it is the most strict law in this regard in the world , but some of it bases on eu-law ) , my civil-law-professor actually told us that we should n't even bother to read these terms , because if anything happens and we face anything that seems us unfair or to harsh , it is most likly illegal and we can get rid of it . 
  the thing is , uber itself is just a platform , yes , but what they do is offer basically drivers the service to tell them what they need to know , and suggest to the customer that they made sure that these people are actually okay driving . 
  with that , they became a part of all this , either due to the fact that they did n't inform their drivers enough that they are doing a transportation-service that need the legal requirnments of that nation they are operating in ( which would lead to a liability due to the culpa in contrahendo , which means a wrongdoing during contract negotiation ) , or the customer because they make it look like they showed due diligence by working with their drivers . 
  either way , they have a hell lot of obligations because they appear in these legal connections as the monopole of knowledge , thereby creating for themselves duties to protect the other two parties of the deal . 
  the fact that they even allow people to offer their service on their platformw ithout proper checks is actually a big problem . 
  just copypasta what i have already written , since you did n't seem to read the threads above you :  german situation : well , first of all , normal car-owners have no insurance that protects comercially driven passangers . 
  to get a license , you have to proove that . 
  also , you have to go an intense first-aid-teaching that suprasses what normal drives have to learn since you are bound to have sick people in your car you might have to rescue . 
  also , while normal cars have a 2-3 year interval of tests if your car is fit for the streets , taxi 's have to be checked on a yearly basis due to their intense usage . 
  also , the taxi-driver has to show his criminal history before getting the license so that he is deemed safe enough to carry people probably in vulnerable positions around town . 
  also , a taxi-service has to provide a 24-hour-coverage of their area of service , even at times they know that barely any customer will call them and they will make a minus during that time . 
  i think i could continue the list a little bit more for the purpose why the state thinks that licnese shoudl be given out to taxi-drivers , but i think this is enough for now . 
   yes , they are portraying themselves as that . 
  according to them , they are offering a service through their app that connects existing drivers ( qua independent contractors ) to potential customers seeking a driver . 
  so they 're just a conduit that matches drivers to customers . 
  the thing about law is , it normally do n't care that much how they portray themselves on a site on the internet , but how the contract is formed , how the transaction happens , how they appear without digging into their own story . 
  it is the same for contracts . 
  you can write whatever you want on the top of the contract what it is supposed to be . 
  in germany , the most liked attempt is to write on top a `` werkvertrag '' ( contract to do a work ) while the content is a `` dienstvertrag '' ( contract for service ) to circumvent an employment , which would only be possible with a contract of service . 
  so , the law does not look at these key-words , but looks at the content and determins the nature of the contract there . 
  and the same is with an uber-app . 
   even the amount of times you have to walk your dog , or the days you are allowed to take out recycling is regulated in germany . 
  no , its not . 
  you can take out your dog whenever you like at any time of day . 
  and i have no clue qhat you mean with recycling . 
  every city has a litter service that will take your litter regularly . 
  so , you can bring your trash to your litter-boxes on the outside whenever you like , it just has no use to put it in front of the house when there is no litter service . 
  if you have a private compost , you can put it there whenever you like . 
  the only thing that has something like a time-table is the public dumps and the pulic glass-dumps . 
  that is because using these is loud , in special the glass-dumps , and these are also scattered around everywhere to make it easier to use them . 
  so the glass dumps are also right next to houses who 's inhabitants get pissed when you make loud noise at 3 am in the morning . 
  i agree , germany has a lot of regulations , but how about trying to make an argument without inventing new ones . 
  edit : also , op asked for the reasons for having these regulations , and i gave reasons , that has nothing to do that we are germans that these reasons exist to make it logical to have such licenses . 
  german situation : well , first of all , normal car-owners have no insurance that protects comercially driven passangers . 
  to get a license , you have to proove that . 
  also , you have to go an intense first-aid-teaching that suprasses what normal drives have to learn since you are bound to have sick people in your car you might have to rescue . 
  also , while normal cars have a 2-3 year interval of tests if your car is fit for the streets , taxi 's have to be checked on a yearly basis due to their intense usage . 
  also , the taxi-driver has to show his criminal history before getting the license so that he is deemed safe enough to carry people probably in vulnerable positions around town . 
  also , a taxi-service has to provide a 24-hour-coverage of their area of service , even at times they know that barely any customer will call them and they will make a minus during that time . 
  i think i could continue the list a little bit more for the purpose why the state thinks that licnese shoudl be given out to taxi-drivers , but i think this is enough for now . 
  that the friend who knows a friend is not a business-model , but a `` out of the situation '' . 
  the this friend does not drive you for the profit of driving you , or at least is not especially looking to find someone that pays him for driving you . 
  if he would actually just be asking all his friends `` do you know anyone i can drive so that i can make some cash ? 
  '' , than yes , that would be a transportation-service . 
  actually not sure . 
  from my personal feeling , but that is not backed up by knowledge ( because this is actually far out of my scope of knowledge in that field ) , but rather by my stdies in law : certainly , it will never be taken away for any kind of violent offence , for example a normal fistfight would never leave to the revocal for such a right . 
  when we talk about killing-crimes , i have no clue . 
  might be , the problem is that germany ca n't sent them back even when they are criminal , so what would they be than . 
  it is actually a difficult constitional-right question i really feel not capable of answering . 
  no , preventive detention is something else . 
  preventive detention is something given outside of the normal sentence and will got into effect when the normal imprisonment ends . 
  preventive detention can be given out outside of murder as well . 
  nontheless , even people who were n't ordered to be put into preventive detention can stay in prison for life if their hearings to get out does not work well and they do n't show the necessary understanding of their guilt and that they bettered themselves . 
  that is something different because the bar that has to be taken to get out of live-imprisonment is way lower than to get out of preventive detention . 
  it is even possible to get out of he life imprisonment to just get into preventive detention . 
  and by the way , i personally asume that the rise is rather due to the fact that until 1998 , even the preventive detention was not planned to be actually permanent until the person died or get diagnosed to be safe ( what never happend until now ) . 
  due to that , we had an inflow , just as much as an outflow of people in this form of inpriosnment , something that stopped only in 1998 , and even then , the people that got sentenced to a timly preventive detention still got out . 
  due to that , it is rather natural that it rose . 
  but of course , you prefer your version where everything has to do about the immigrants . 
  well , it means that after 15 years you got normally the first possibility of getting out in probation . 
  stastically , people normally get out after something around 20 years . 
  that said , it is possible that someone is imprisoned really for life if the courts does n't see him fit to be set free . 
  since we are takling here about a crime comitted by a neo nazi , i assume the had his birth certificate laying around . 
  yeah , here , i fucked up :d . 
  \u00a7 1 jgg ( roughly translated )  ( 2 ) juvenile is , who was at the time of the crime fourteen , but not yet eighteen , adolescent is who was at the time of the crime eighteen , but not yet twentyone . 
  so , the guy had to be 20 at the time of the crime . 
  well , to be honest , we learn the jgg just as a sidenote during the complete criminal law since it is not of great importance for our case . 
  but , as far as i see it , yes , \u00a7 32 jgg also applies to this . 
  no , but the law is stupidly written with alot of unjust that derives out of the nazi-mentallity . 
  for example : imagine b raped the wife of a. 
  a is a weak little guy , b is a marshall artist . 
  a now wants revenge and plotts a scenario where he will suprise b , killing him with a trap since he knows he will never has a single chance to kill this guy in an open fight . 
  this is murder because it was done sneaky . 
  now imagine the opposit , the husband of the raped wife is the marshall artist and the rapist is the weak guy . 
  now , when the marshall artists confronts the guy personally and kills him with his bare hands , because he knows , the other guy has no chance to defend himself . 
  suddenly , we have a minor case of manslaughter . 
  in the first scneario , the weakling gets a life-imprisonment , in the second a sentence between 1 and 10 years . 
  difficult to say . 
  first of all , germany has to protect life that is in its controle , this includes also the life of culprits . 
  there is no way that germany is allowed to take this right away of anyone . 
  therefor , if his life would be of an immidiate danger by sending him back , than no . 
  thanks for tagging me , yes , there is stuff to correct here :d this will be a little bit longer , because the german law is rather complicated . 
  first , people understand normally wrong what murder and what manslaughter actually is . 
  both punish killing with intend and it has no influence how long you planned to kill someone , as long as you do something wanting to kill , you are either a manslaughterer or a murderer . 
  what differentiate murder and manslaughter are specific circumstances or specific intends to kill . 
  it is the easiest to just link the murder-paragraph , because these things are pretty clearly called and the specific details that might cause problems are not a matter for this discussion : section 211 ii german criminal code  a murderer under this provision is any person who kills a person for pleasure , for sexual gratification , out of greed or otherwise base motives , by stealth or cruelly or by means that pose a danger to the public or in order to facilitate or to cover up another offence . 
  as long as you do n't fullfil any of these requirnment within the killing , you are a manslaughterer . 
  so , if you have a plan set up for a year that does not incorporate any of these crimes , you are always a manslaughterer . 
  on the other hand , if you kill in the head of passion , by a split-second decision , but still have at least one of the circumstances fullfilled within this act , you are a murderer ( for example stabbing someone in the back when the other does not think such an attack would or could happen ) . 
  murder is always a lifelong sentence , manslaughter between 5 and 15 years ( there are also forms of manslaughter that are punished less , but that is not of importance now ) . 
  with \u00a7 49 german criminal code : this only applies if the attack was an attempt .
