  both should be punished , but there is a difference . 
  here , there is a difference between sexual abuse and sexual assault . 
  nobody can have sex with a child without commiting sexual abuse of a minor , but for sexual assault , you have to purposly break the will and the defence of the child . 
  that has nothing to do with consenting to the sexual act ( because the missing consent is already punished under sexual abuse ) , but with the use of force . 
  and yes , you can seduce even children so that you do n't have to use force . 
  the idea behind this is that the normal sexual abuse is already bad ( because of that the punishment of sexual abuse ) , but it would cause less bodily and mental harm than using force to break the kid 's defence . 
  it is basically the same idea as it is differently punished if i just hit you with my fist in the face or if i use a bat to hit the same place . 
  both are hurtful and dangerouse , but with the latter , it is more likly that you will be seriously and life-threatening damaged . 
  both should be punished , but there is a difference . 
  than let it explain that way . 
  there are two crimes in question : sexual abuse of a minor and sexual assault ( so rape ) . 
  the fact that he is a minor is already counted by the sexual abuse of minors . 
  if the fact that , as a minor , he ca n't consent would be enough to make it a rape , than the crime of sexual abuse of minor would become pointless because basically every case of sexual abuse would also be rape which is punished harder . 
  so , the sexual assault needs a `` more '' in comparison to sexual abuse , and that is the force to break the will or defence of the other . 
  if there is no will or defence to break , there is no use of this force and you have sexual abuse . 
  so , you can see in the difference in sexual abuse and sexual assault that there has to be at least be shown that the boy had a contrary will to break in order to make it rape . 
  and , since every part of the crime has to be mirrored in the subjective as well as in the objective view , the man has to now that he is breaking the will and the defence , so the court has to proove that . 
  but not overturned in the way most people understand it . 
  it does not mean that this is the end of the trial , this man will end just like that . 
  what it rather means that the court will be redone with a new - better - argumentation for the final verdict . 
  what the higher court just said was basically a `` not yet , but just do it a second time , than we can pass it '', 
  yes and no to your comment . 
  what was judged is that the lower court has to redo the trial and this time do a better job by convicting this guy , nothing more , nothing less . 
  it is nothing said about the final result , that is for the lower court to decide , and , seeing the evidence ( as far as i know ) it is most likly that he ends with the same sentence as before , just on a sound legal basis . 
  this is not a final verdict , but an interim judgement about one legal question that was now given back to the lower court to do everything again and just argue their case better . 
  i am pretty sure that there are enough evidence for the rape-case - they were just not implemented in the decision properly . 
  the highest court is not allowed to do any own investigations , but only can read the findings of the lower courts as facts , and when they failed to make a proper procedure , their decision is overturned and they are demanded to redo it . 
  it is overexaggerated since the daily mail missed the legal system they are talking about and how it worked . 
  the highest court ca n't do final ruling on cases , only revise certain legal questions and give it back to the lower court to try again . 
  that means they now gave it basically back and said `` do your job better and whipe away these uncertaincies '' . 
  it is highly likly that the lower court can make it clear with further questioning if the guy knew what he was doing and than basically redo the same verdict as before . 
  they just back it a little bit better up . 
  each act of crime has two sids , the objective and the subjective view . 
  the objective analyses what a person did , for example that i really hit you with a stick . 
  the subjective view analyses what the suspect wanted to do . 
  so when i wanted to hurt you and hit you with a stick , we have assault . 
  the problems come when these two sides fall apart . 
  for example i want to hurt you , but miss , than i subjectivly wanted to assault you , but objectivly failed . 
  that is an attempt of assault . 
  the last case is when i just played imaginary sowrd-fight and just accidently hit you with a stick , than i objectivly hurt you , but subjectivly did n't want to do that , this is a neglative assault , which does not exist in law . 
  see , when you do a crime neglective , you can only be charged if there is a law specifically punish neglect , like for killing someone neglective , there is such a law , but not for violent rape & assault . 
  so , if it ca n't be proven that he wanted to do this especially violent way of rape , he ca n't really be charged ( at least in austria it seems . 
  in germany , such a crime would actually be a result qualification where the fact that the bad result happend is enough ) . 
  but not all hope is lost . 
  the highest cought is pretty limited in their methods . 
  they can only answer legal questions with the facts presented by the lower courts . 
  meaning they do n't inquire any facts for themselves . 
  that is the reason why they gave the case back to the lower court , to do another hearing and the actual judgement . 
  so the lower court is still able to collect the necessary evidence to convict the culprit fully . 
  i hate to be the advocatus diavoli here , but what the court ruled was that there was not enough put into the argumentation if the culpret knew that the kid did n't want it . 
  in law , at least in the law-tradition of the germanic system ( i believe that austria has similar laws than germany ) , there are two different kind of analysing a case , the objective and the subjective . 
  the objective looks what happend , the subjective what the culprit wanted . 
  you have a standard case when both are the same , i want to kill you , i kill you , i commited murder . 
  when i subjective wanted to kill you , but did n't do it objectivly , it is an attempt : i want to kill you , i did n't kill you , i commited an attempt to murder . 
  when i did something objectivly , but did n't want to do it subjectivly , it is a negligent killing . 
  if the subjective view of the person does not mirror the objective reality , a person can only be convicted if there is a law that punishes neglegtive behaviour , and there is no neglective sexual assult . 
  so , this law practice to the side , i have no clue how , with these evidence , the lower court fucked up to proove that the man did know what he was doing . 
  but all hope is not lost . 
  the highest court only revise the findings of the other courts , but does not do the trial again , meaning that they did n't hear the suspect or the witnesses , does not look at the facts or anything , just look at the legal analysis of the case . 
  what i believe might happen ( from this short text ) that the highest court maybe thought that there were n't enough evidence yet to back the subjective side up , basically that the court rushed it , and just demanded that they investigate further . 
  the lower court can question everyone again to make the case soundproof . 
  honestly , i hope that is what will happen . 
  when i remember correctly , most of these machines are important from the west - something that became rather difficult due to the sanctions ( or i think ti were rather the counter sanctions ) against russia . 
  so , even when they have the land and the basic machenery , but to keep them running , they might miss a few parts . 
  the only difference is that microsoft is not owned by the usa , also , that this price-change is actually the representation of the lost value of the pound . 
  so , comparing that to russia that uses a state-owned corporation to bascially preasure their political views on other is just grocly missleading . 
  you mean other than all the different sweet deals the uk had , and that uk was one of the most important nations with influence into the eu basically only challanged by germany ( who was mostly on the side of the uk ) and france ? 
  the thing is guys , there was basically no decision without approval of the three big nations , your politicians only acted like it happend against their wills so that they could blame the eu for stuff they did n't want to take responsibility for , 
  the fact that i rather like regional producs than foreign has not that much to do with `` gastronationalism '' but rather that regional products were n't shipped once around the complete world , probably creating a hell lot of co2 thereby , if fresh products it does also not mean that they already layed around for so and so long ( well , at least as long as i buy during harvesting-time . 
  but when i want to eat apples in winter , i also know that they layed there for long - but still , not that much co2 ) . 
  that is according to the organic-movement that becomes bigger and bigger . 
  but this also does not count when i buy deliberate products from other nations due to the different agricultural situation . 
  when i can afford it , i buy meat from irland or the us because there , it is easier possible to let cows walk outside and eat grass instead of the animal housing that happens in germany . 
  the meat has a better quality . 
  in winter , i rather buy fruits and vegtables from the south than from , for examples , netherlands , because they were n't raised in green houses ( which normally tasts aweful ) , but rather in the sun . 
  i personally feel sorry for these . 
  but they live in a democrasy , and part of that is that they will face the fact that the misdeeds of their representatives ( now the one of theresa may ) were done in their name , and that this will cause a downfall on them as well . 
  but nontheless , there is a big difference between how to look at the nation / state / government and the single individual . 
  i hope that as many of the remain-voters as possible find a way to escape the desaster i think the brexit will be , either by irish passports , maybe by a scottish indipendence , maybe by any other eu-nationality they can claim . 
  that however does not mean that there is no spite against the uk-government and their actions that lead to this situation we are now in . 
  this logic that , when i speak about the missdeads of a nation that i also am immidiatly against the people of the nation is a logic i never understand . 
  that is the same with israel . 
  if i critizise israel , it often means that i am either a nazi ( in special a german ) or at least a right-wing anti semite , despite that israel does a lot of things that can and should be crisized ( same as gaza by the way , since , when you glorify gaza while scoling israel , that really leads to the conclusion of anti-semitism ) . 
  the conclusio of this little excursion : do n't act like , when i am against the action of a government that i immidiatly hate or diminish the people within the nation that are against these actions . 
  well , maybe it was phrased a little bit drastical , but the devaluation is a direct result of the brexit-decisions , in addition to may 's way of negotiating . 
  you wo n't see a lot of people here that do n't think that brexit was a stupid decision ( well , outside when the sub is brigarded by either trumpisten or other special-interest groups ) , the general notion is rather pro europe and most people believed the predictions that something like that would happen if the uk actually leaves the union . 
  and the people that did n't believe it are seen rather arrogant to the uk 's actual economic power and that they could make it without the eu so , maybe it is no really what they deserved , rather what they asked for by not listening to the experts before making such a nation-changing decision . 
  well , i think there is less feeling of `` they get what they deserve '' since , as i said , the current siutation is not a result of a single stupid decision of an electorate , but rather a systematical problem . 
  therefor , i doubt that a joke about it would be very sucessful . 
  in contrast , i regularly read article about the problems of the euro-zone and also quite livly discussions about it as well . 
  first : europe is still in the middle of an economic troublesome time that nobody really knows how to get out off and that is just too complex to resolve anytime soon . 
  so , this fall is something that could n't be avoided easily . 
  in contrast to the uk where this fall is basically just to watch how someone shoots himself in his own foot . 
  the uk situation could have been easily avoided by simply not doing the brexit . 
  second : if you have n't followed this sub or any real newspaper in the last decade , the economic struggles are a regular topic , so it is covered suficiently . 
  why should we always say `` ah - but the eu has problems , too '' when we talk about the uk-problems ? 
  agreed , the uk will be able to trade with the eu , but that will still be quite a blow for the uk since , for example , the eu-headquaters will have to move to be able to have full usage of the single market ( for which they have to resident in an eu-nation ) . 
  same with banks , as far as i know , there is no real equivalent to the passporting in the single-market access so the banks will not be able to offer their service . 
  also , as far as i know , there is still quite a lot of limitation on services even within free-trade agreements . 
  i know quite a few people that live here that do not speak very well german and still manage it quite well .
