  wel , you could also say my mom . 
  her father was drafted when he was 16 or 17 , was sent to russia , got captured and was one of the last prisoners russia gave back to germany . 
  his body was heavily damaged during the war-prison so he died already in his early thirtees due to liver-failure , leaving behind his three kids ( all under 10 ) and his wife that now had to care for the complete family . 
  not really related to the war , but the mother also died early , when my mom , the oldest , was just 18 , so that she had to take over caring for the family . 
  edit : wrote something wrong about the time it took the aunt to be found . 
  my sister , she spend a year in peru to do her masters . 
  also , a cousin is at the moment for half a year for a student-exchange in new zeeland . 
  german ( native ) english ( fluent ) latin ( i can stil form the sentence `` latium cacatum est '' and remember some words :d ) japanese ( only took lessons for one semester and had to break up due to a surgery , but i plan to learn it again ), 
  i just payed 18 $ from d\u00fcsseldorf down to frankonia , so , i would say that this is the maximum i can travel paying normally . 
  often both : https://www.amazon.de/bad-reichenhaller-salz-plus-fols%c3%a4ure/dp/b0187kw5uw/ref=sr_1_14?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1494315119&amp;sr=8-14&amp;keywords=salz, 
  no , but most of the salt we buy at the store . 
  sure , why not ? 
  either children are that young that they do n't see anything sexual in it , or they are old enough that they already have seen countless boobs and more on the internet . 
  either way , i think , when the place and time is appropriate , it should be natural to unreveil even more hidden bodyparts . 
  for kids , the best it can do is teaching positive body values and the worst that they have to spend a few less minutes on google to look for the stuff themselves . 
  in my district , the ballot-station is in the local pub . 
  germany has 6 weeks . 
  the fact that the abitur is seen as their job has also some quite annoying consequences . 
  in school , when the day becomes too hot to concentrade , the school will normally announce a `` hitefrei '' ( free due to heat ) and the school ends early for every school-child . 
  but this is only true during the mandatory schooling . 
  for everyone preparing for their abitur , the only announcement will be `` well , yes , the lower classes have free , but the kids that now to appreniceships have not , and by the way , you are here because of your free choise , so let 's go back to work ! '', 
  the only phrase i have in mind that include the metric system is : `` du bist ja so bl\u00f6d wie ein meter feldweg '' `` you are as stupid as one meter of dirt-road . '', 
  that is basically the phrase used in german as well . 
  you know that all the kids that do n't go to an gymnaisum end their school-life at the age of 16 ( at least if they did n't have to repeat a year ) . 
  at that age , they normally start their apprenticeships . 
  so , they should be allowed to work in every field that does not take an abitur . 
  they just ca n't work all day long . 
  well , here in germany , at the age of 16 , for a lot of kids the school ends , in special the mandatory schooling ends at 16 . 
  from that point onwards , it is expected from these kids that left school to get an apprenticeship , with is a fulltime-job . 
  for the kids that do not leave school , they now start with their abitur . 
  in the public eye , it is now their duty to actually work hard for their abitur and to put their effort in there ( which does not really happen until the last few weeks , but well ) . 
  nontheless , the abitur is quite seriouse business since every grade you get there will determine your final end-grade that can dicide your future since the interesting university-studies demand certain grades and also alot of the apprenticeship that require abitur . 
  therefor , it is seen as optional if they do a part-time-job , depending if they feel able to have this job and still be good . 
  that said , in speical in the families with `` old money '' , it is actually a thing to let kids work . 
  a close friend of the family in the 90 's was the ceo of a company every german should recognize ( i wo n't say the name though ) and their kids started to work at the age of 16 on building-sites and later on breweries . 
  the parent 's said that these kids are used to get everything they want and later , they will most likly become important businessman as well , so they should learn now how to serve to understand better how it is to be a responsible employer later . 
  that said , the kids were able nontheless to get straight 1 ( for american 's , that 's an a ) , so that was still the most important thing . 
  to be honest , as someone who 's family was always of the employers ' side , sometimes , i understand the urge to find ways to kick someone . 
  i personally worked during an internship at the office to enable disabled people to work ( mandatory internship in an official office for law-studies ) . 
  they are also the one that have to agree if an diabled person should be kicked out . 
  one case that was on the desk and i helped to work on was a guy with a injured back that is constantly absent of work for prolonged time , the company has to pay quite a lot of money for that . 
  during the time he could n't work , the employer ( actually by accident ) were noticed about the guy 's facebook-page that showed how he just participated in national league of bowling and how he posed proudly with a fat fish he just pulled out of a lake . 
  he wanted to kick him because he said that the guy , when he is out of work to heal his back , should n't do stuff that is obviously bad for his back and that would prolong his sick-time . 
  well , the employer could n't do that . 
  personally , i thought he was in the right , but the office i worked with him did everything to downplay his missing interest in his own healing . 
  what i want to say is : it is important that these people are protected , but there are also circumstances where these protected people abused especially that circumstance , and as an employer , i would also try to get rid of such a person . 
  in germany , the right to form a union is part of our constitution : art 9 section 3 of the german constition  ( 3 ) the right to form associations to safeguard and improve working and economic conditions shall be guaranteed to every individual and to every occupation or profession . 
  agreements that restrict or seek to impair this right shall be null and void ; measures directed to this end shall be unlawful . 
  measures taken pursuant to article 12a , to paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of article 35 , to paragraph ( 4 ) of article 87a , or to article 91 may not be directed against industrial disputes engaged in by associations within the meaning of the first sentence of this paragraph in order to safeguard and improve working and economic conditions . 
  mandatory - no - having the right to do so - yes . 
  just a little story i just heard a couple of days ago in the lecture about the law of co-determination of the workforce in the company , the lesson was about the workers council . 
  we discussed a company that went into trouble and asked their workers council if they could increase the work-hours for the workers in order to keep the jobs in germany . 
  the workers council recognized the demand to do so and was absolutly okay with that . 
  but , even when the company and the council were in favor of that , the union had to be asked as well because there was a union-agreement with the employers ' assosiation about the max . 
  hours of working . 
  the argument of the union was if they are okay in this case with longer working-hours , than they would get requests all the time and the agreement would be worthless . 
  they were willing to loose a few hundret jobs in germany that would now go somewhere to eastern europe because of that . 
  following that was a long battle between the workers council and the union , even endening that the union sued to remove the council-members from office . 
  what i want to tell with that is that unions are important ( as long as we talk about one company , one union ; this complete mess with job-specific is another hellhole that has to be tackled ) , but that they are not the solution for everything . 
  every employee has to dicide if he wants to be a part of this system or not . 
  well , the brothers schuhmacher and vettel are germans , so they boosted the interest for that sport quite alot . 
  but my feeling is that it became less important over the years , but do n't have the time to really look up stats . 
  well , it did n't happen to me , but a friend , when austrian teenager started to insult her ( in the early 2000 ' ) about our hitler and the usual anti-german-stuff . 
  i think she was just 11 or so at that point , so not really able to point out how stupid it is to hear that from austrians . 
  probably a reason to resign , depending on the joke of course . 
  it would mean that she would miss the ability to understand her position . 
  still leaves quite a few places open . 
  but honestly , it is true for every unisversity-city . 
  without the hassle to deal with congress or anything ? 
  probably just copy an english translation of the german fundamental rights and introduce them as the main part of a new constitution , also install either a mixed or a purly public-vote based voting system - and fuck over the judicial system in every place that actually let people vote for their judges / police officials , and instead looking how this is done in nations with better working systems . 
  also introduce a strict gun-law . 
  we have that as well . 
  it is called the schufa andmwith a bad score on that , it will become increadibly expensive to get a loan . 
  no , it is not a conservative way to write ss , but a real letter that is in use and has rules when to use it . 
  but , the useage of the letter was heavily reduced during the spelling-reform in the 90 's . 
  the real reason it is still around is because it would have been to expensive to abolish that letter completly . 
  the correct way to write the german word for street is `` stra\u00dfe '' , which means nearly every single street-sign would have to be changed in order to abolish this letter . 
  this is the status as an asylum seeker , when you are tollerated . 
  but as soon as your asylum-request is granted , you have the freedom of movement just as anyone else , including the right to leave the nation and to come back . 
  if speak about really drinking , than 18 . 
  when you speak about first trying , maybe 13 . 
  my mom had the policy to let me try when i ask for it , but liked very much bittter alcohol herself , so that whenever i tried , the less i wanted to drink it :d . 
  annect the top comment for a second : as an acknowledge refugee , you will not get a german passport , but something similar that allows him to travel the world ( as long as the nations he want to travel to let him in ) . 
  now it depends if the us lets him in , but in theory it is possible . 
  i have no clue though how it works in the us without the travelban . 
  edit : missing word , i am not good at writing on the phone . 
  well , not that easy . 
  i looked it up , as soon as he is acknowledged as a refuggee , he will get a document ( not a german passport though ) that allowes him to travel basically the complete world . 
  so , yes , he could travel to the us or the rest of the eu . 
  what i would suggest is to call press charges against him . 
  edit : of course , if the exact form of the stalking fullfils a german criminal law . 
  if not , it will become more difficult . 
  the problem for the uk-economy will less be the uk-companies that can open up subsidiaries in the eu , but rather the us and other firms that came to london just because it was the company-friendliest city of the eu to open a subsidiary in . 
  a lot of firms that just wanted to open up subsidiaries in the eu went to london , and they will move parts of their assets away from the uk to the eu . 
  that will be probably the biggest blow against the uk . 
  will it be crippling ? 
  most likly not . 
  will it be painful , probably , in special because not only the financial market has this problem , but literally every single part of the economy . 
  well , one question is what can be traded in which stock . 
  for example , while basically everything can be bought in ny what they offer , not all companies can let their shares be soled there .
