  he did n't had to use his gun himself , he had a voice that would make other 's use guns , and gas , and fire , and any other mean to spread death . 
  when people think about nazi 's , they think about how they were in power . 
  when i think about nazi 's , at least about this part , i think about they came to power , and that was , among other things , by using the tools of unrestricted speech , and because this incident showed the danger of unrestricted speech , the tools that the nazi 's used were carefully outlawed without restricting too much of the rest , in order to keep the necessaty of free expression untouched , as this is one of the most important means to protect a democracy . 
  for everything else , look at this post of mine : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5q3b5w/germany_to_abolish_law_on_insulting_foreign_heads/dcwpzl7/, 
  because germany has not freedom of speech as such , but freedom of expression . 
   every person shall have the right freely to express and disseminate his opinions in speech , writing and pictures , and to inform himself without hindrance from generally accessible sources . 
  freedom of the press and freedom of reporting by means of broadcasts and films shall be guaranteed . 
  there shall be no censorship . 
  so , you have the freedom to express any opinion . 
  an opinion is something that originates in your own mind and that shows your individual view , but they are not facts !, 
  facts are not protected like that , they are only protected by the freedom of being free of censorship . 
  but facts are only protected if they are - you know - facts , real facts , not alternative facts . 
  they are protected if there are prooves that they exist , that there is something real in them . 
  false facts are not protected , because they are neither an opinion ( you ca n't have an opinion about facts , because facts are things that can be prooven , opinions are things that ca n't be prooven . 
  you can say that you do n't like them , but that has nothing to do if they are proovable or not ) nor something that can be prooven by any means . 
  so , holocaust denial is the spreading of false facts , so not protected by the german constituion , and to be honest , i am glad that boasting false facts is not protected , since false facts are generally used by people that try to spread agenda 's that are not consistant with reality ( or else they would n't neet false facts ) and thereby are dangerouse for extremism . 
  because foreign leaders are also protected by the basic law and , as long as there is such a law as the insult of foreign leaders on our law-books , the due process of evaluation in offical law has to be done , and here , erdogan had the right and only diplomatic reasons that overwhelm the personal rights or erdogan should prevent a prosecution ( as long as this law exists ) . 
  also , the damage done by allowing the prosecution was n't any relevant , since , if this woudl n't have been porsecuted as insult of a forein leader , it could have been prosecuted as basic insult , and here , the german government has no right to interfer in any way . 
  where do you have this from ? 
  at least the law itself does not limit the applicability of it like that . 
  edit : i was wrong , martins82 is right . 
  but this kind of extra-security rather raises the liklyhood for more terror attacks since it creats desperation which is ideal breeding-ground for extremists . 
  that is the problem , the feeling of danger due to the terror attacks is the breeding-ground for exreme views in isreal , enabling more and more measures to limit the freedom of palastines . 
  this limiting creates desperation and the feeling of humiliation , which is the breeding ground for palastine-extremist that makes it easier to recruit terrorists , which are able in one way or another to make an terrorist attack ( there is no real security against terrorist attacks ) which will end the circle where it started . 
  well , when it comes to reporting about persons , persons that are public figures might have a more limited possibility of protection than persons that are dragged into the public space or that are not public at all . 
  nontheless , everyone has the right not to be diffamed , and when someone spready purposly lies about a star , this star has perfect ligitimation to sue the hell out of you , something that happend in the past by the way . 
  in special in cases of `` schm\u00e4hschriften '' ( writings that are solely aimed to discridet a person , without any factual background or with any discussion about facts ) , this is still outlawed against anybody , because nobody has to endure such baseless acusations . 
  one example for such lawsuits is bettina wulff , the wife of our former president christian wulff , who was confronted with accusations that she had a past as a stripperin . 
  this accusation could not be prooven , and she was able to force media to stop spreading this lie , and even to make google to take away the auto-search-term that leads to the accustions of her being a stripperin . 
  edit : wrong spelling of the name . 
  well , there were a few further down the comment-line , but they deleted their comments after they were downvoted into oblivion . 
  well , to be fair , israel also did some diplomatic attempts in the past ( a little bit longer ago , but it did happen ) and the palastines did n't reacted that good either . 
  i think , the problem is here that both sides act like idiots , basically trapped in an endless circle of hatred and distruction , and to be honest , only searching the blame on isreali 's side is kinda fishy , we should n't forget the nearly daily terroristic attacks as well . 
  for me , i see isreal as responsible because they are the big part in this scenario we have at the moment in this region . 
  and as the big one , they are in the duty to try to end this , because as long as palastine feels threatened by isreal , they will never stop , and even when isreal feels threatened as well , when palastine attacks a square might blow up , if isreal attacks complete cities are layed in ashes , so the feeling of imminant doom is more relevant on the palastine part . 
  i think isreal has to offer the hand again , and the situation will only be resolved if isreal keeps offering the hand , even when palastine will bite into this hand ( what they most likly will do , this hatred will not be able to vanish at once ) . 
  they had a basis in reality when my greandmother who died 5 years ago at the age of nearly 100 was a young woman . 
  comapre today-germany with nazi-germany is just blunt racism as well , because this comparison is bare on facts and just base on prejudices and falsehoods . 
  no german ( who is not a nazi and is thereby austrasized from most of the society ) will ever deny what cruelty happend during the nazi-regime , how insane this time was , how much devestation happend . 
  because we know all this , germany started to analyse what happend in the past , how everything could lead to this inhumanity , and attempted to get rid of what could lead to it , partly by banning , partly by reeducation , and because of the horror of the german people of what they have done as soon as they were actually forced to acknowledge it . 
  the changes in society , at least in most parts , are extreme , basically turning this nation into the opposit during just a few decades . 
  so , yes , there were reasons for german stereotypes , but by still refering to a situation today 's german have basically no connection to it apart from reading it in history books , you creating an original sin , and you want to blame everyone that cames afterwards for the crimes of the people before them ( by the way , the mother of my mom actually used her position in government to smuggle food coupons to families hiding jews , getting the persil-pass at once and was immidiatly imployed by the americans as soon as they catpured germany , and her father was captured in russia when he was 17 , so the one had no guilt , the other did n't had chance to cause too much guilt , so if you want to go for inhareted sin , you maybe want to face someone else ) . 
  and this philosophy of the original sin is where racism is born , saying that everyone is bad because of their blood line . 
  if this original sin is freely invented ( like with the jews ) or based on historical facts ( like the nazi 's ) is n't important after a while , because for the society as it is today , the consequences are the same . 
  i am just waiting for you to scream `` heil netanjahu '' , because you already hit all other nazi-stereotropes in this forum , just that you do n't want german 's supramacy and do n't see jews as inherently inhumans , biologically inferior , historically trying to destroy everything . 
  you jsut see isreal as supreme , see germans as inherently inhuman , culturally hatefilled and ready to slay everyone just because we are germans . 
  you sir are an isreal-nazi . 
  not the sort of nazi in the holocaust-stage ( at least not yet ) , but at least in their ealry years of government , you hit all tropes , act perfect , your people even defend public executions of a prisioner by military personell . 
  you disgust me , not because you are a jew , but because you are a nazi . 
  i have nothing against jews , as long as they share an open worldview , as long as they do n't fall in nationalism and simple-minded hatred , but when they do , i will not shake their hands just as i would never shake the hands of a german-grown nazi , or an afdler , or pegida-marcher , or one of the kkk . 
  i would never shake their hands out of the same reason : they are the same , they just use different excuses for their sick world-view . 
  but no other nation has to stand by and accept it without criticism . 
  violation of international law can only be slammed down by other nations , and they have to act . 
  in special germany has the duty to call out when they see extremist movments rising in a nation , because we know the best where this can lead to . 
  indipendency does not mean you are free to do what you want without criticism , and even not without consequences , indipendency means that you can do what you want , but also that you have to live with the consequences of your actions , either by facing retalliation by mechanisms of international law , or at least by being lectured by other nations . 
  furthermore , as far as i saw it in documentaries , there are roads cutting through the leand that connect each of these settlements with each other and the isreali mainland , and these roads are heavly guarded and , for a palastine , if they want to go across this road , this might take hours . 
  there were several stories of people who had just an half-an-hour walk to their workplace , but when a settlement was founded , and new checkpoints were established , it suddenly took several hours to get to work , basically forcing the person out of his job because it became impossible for him to reach his workplace anymore . 
  well , that works less and less . 
  an israli right-winger tried to pull that card against me just a couple of days ago and i basically jumped at him . 
  at least the younger generations ( at least 30 and younger , but probably even 40 and younger ) are sick of the nazi-card and basically ripp everyone apart that tries to use it without due consideration and a real point in the other 's persons character . 
  edit : typo, 
  since it is paied by the insurance and all , it will certainly be grown and processed by pharma-companies and than given out via phramacies , just as any other drug . 
  reporters tried to investigate in these alleged stories about ukranian cruelties spread by russian media and there has to be yet one found to be prooven right . 
  places with genoicdal mass-graves revealed three old russian graves , places with cruzified toddlers did n't had any sign of such a thing . 
  there was never a part of the treaty that provided a rule that the nato could n't move east . 
  what was promised that the nato would n't get into east germany , something that really never happend . 
  and even this promis was informal . 
  the discussion about the nato going further east was , apart of east germany , not really a theme because the udssr was , at that point of time , still a united nation , they let the reunification happen because they hoped to better relations with the west in order to save this failing state . 
  therefor , nobody really thought about discussion what would or could happen if the nations of the udssr would fall apart and become indipendent , that would have been quite insane to discuss that . 
  yeah - but the uk does not say for over an year that spain , france , italy or poland would force the eu to give a special deal to the uk due to their exports , but that germany would to protect its carindustry . 
  i do n't think it is that bad to do this stuff in a public place like this memorial . 
  this field is big enough so that people who really want to contemplate and want to get the impression intended by the architect to do so . 
  also , as someone pointed out , the architect himself actually is okay with that . 
  what i think is rather disgusting are `` funny '' photos from concentration camps where people make photos in the furnaces people have been burned alive in . 
  these places should be the sacret one since the horror happend actually there . 
  also , for everyone who wants to really get some deeper feelings about this theme , you should rather go to the holocaust-museum , but this can actually be quite intense . 
  the art in there is also able to give more of this ery feeling than the holocaust-memorial , from the recunstruction of a death-shower to the pillar-garden with pillars filled with israeli soil . 
  ( or it was like that 12 or 13 years ago when i was the last time there ) . 
  i had a discussion about that with him yesterday as well . 
  for all who do n't agree with him that isreal is perfect and acts perfect is an anti-semite , he defended the execution of a captive by an israeli soldier because the captive was a terrorist , basically he hits all the points to be a right-wing exremists . 
  if he would be a german , he would march for the afd and would call nazi-solgans , but because he is not german , he ca n't see his actions as what they are . 
  he has even his own version of racial purety-idiology by claiming that it is within the german 's cutlure that caused the rise of the nazi 's , instead of a political situation that allowed a psychopath to rise , because if he would accept that every nation could fall under such a regime , he would have to think more deeply about his own world-view . 
  this conversation has really no value at the moment . 
  isreal exists , how it came to be is another question , but there is no point in denying its existance . 
  before isreal was created , this was a bare land where the people barely survived , and only the isrealies were able to make it really habitable . 
  so , there are facts now , and there is no way going back with isreal as it is now . 
  the question is how to resolve the problems at hand , and there isreal is in responsibility as the strong part of this situation , but by forcing more and more housing-policies , they rather purposly escalate the situation . 
  what they have to fix is their right-wing government and they should get their shit together . 
  the palastine and westbank also do their fair share of crimes , but they are small and cornered , so , it is up to offer a hand , and even when the palastins bite into the open hand ( what they will ) they have to offer it again until they reach a solution , but not what is happening at the moment . 
  well , part was as well that germany , as long as bismark was in position , had the policiy of satisfaction . 
  bismark opposed the idea of german colonies because he understood that several nations , in special britain , coudl n't accept something like that because germany would start to be suddenly a direct competition . 
  bismark started to create a web of secret treaties with different nations to isolate france and to strengthen the position of germany in case of a war . 
  the thing is , everything changed after the year of the three kaisers , when kaiser wilhelm ii . 
  changed the policies and [ removed bismark from office ] ( http://germanhistorydocs.ghi-dc.org/images/30002999-r1.jpg ) . 
  than , germany became a threat to the colonial interests of the other nations , and france was able to use this to turn these secret allies of germany against them . 
  so that you know why everyone jumped at your comment at once , this is what we are dealing here regularly : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5onwo8/today_146_years_ago_german_empire_was_proclaimed/dckxpwx/, 
  sorry , but this is just another way of racism . 
  here is a list of all genocides in modern history : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_genocides_by_death_toll . 
  you will find that several nations have blood on their hands , and that without any interference with germany . 
  also , this list would be way more extensive if the methods of mass-killings would have been more effective prior to the 20th century .
