  and in special the fundamental impliments in the human rights - up to the point to establish a special court everybody can sue the european nations for violations of these , and the european nations actually accept these judgments of their behaviour , is what differenciates europe and other parts of the world , even the western one . 
  this system creates a naturalness to these rules that affect the society as a whole . 
  due to this , i ca n't see russia as culturally european anymore . 
  around the 1900 , and even more after wwii , there was a split that became greater and greater . 
  where former wasa a close relationship with deep ties in economy , culture and aristrocy , there is today a deep chasm that drifts russia and europe further and further apart . 
  i do n't day that this could n't be reveresed , but that would need a lot of will and effort of both sites . 
  sadly , in special our turkish minority shows a high rate of anti-jewish sentiment . 
  it is not that likly to be really hurt , but insults are more than possible though . 
  for the general german public : there are still some anti-semitic sentiments , but they are heavily frowned upon and create a big outrage regularly ( at the moment , the right-wing party alternative for germany is in a big inner-conflict due to anti-semetic comments within books one of their members wrote . 
  this situation caused that they land on a list of organizations watched by the constitution protection ) . 
  i remember a self-experiment , done after basically the same experiment in paris , where someone walked with a kippa through berlin for hours and basically nothing happend . 
  sadly , i ca n't find the footage anymore . 
  there are still some shops that accept old dm ( former german currency ) and that is perfectly legal . 
  it is just that the dm that are still out there are either with collectors / in some hideouts / somewhere in the world and that it is in most cases economically not feasable for shops to provide the infostructure to accept dm . 
  the shops that do have to travel regularly to the central bank to switch it into euro . 
  well , i think it depends . 
  i know of a few `` fernunis '' ( lit . 
  far-away-universities ) that have something like an online degree . 
  as long as the story is fitting why you did it online , it can be acceptable . 
  for example `` i worked full-time and did this in my free-time to deepen my education '' i would n't see it as stigmatized since you got , while getting the further knowledge , working experience a lot of university-students lack . 
  if your reason was `` i did n't want to move to a university-city and i wanted to spend my days comfortably at home '' , that would n't sound very good . 
  you know that taco bell and olive garden is only known here through us-tv ( or at least , i never heard of any of these in europe ) . 
  in special , without some youtube , i would n't have the slightest idea what you are talking about . 
  first , you have the right of selfe-defence , meaning you have every right to stop the attack . 
  you can basically do anything necessary , limitations are that , when you have a gun ( very unlikly with the strict weapon-laws ) , you have to do a warning-shot . 
  when kids commit the crime , you should stay away from harmful selfe-defence-methods ( meaning breaking bones etc ) . 
  the attack ends if the person either let the wallet fall down or if he escaped in a manner that he secured the loot ( so bascially , if he escaped you or any other persuer that tries to catch him ) . 
  you have also the right to do a civil arrest , meaning you can catch the person and hold them down - lock them up , etc. 
  until the police arrives . 
  theft can lead to up to 5 years in prison or to monitary punishment . 
  usually , if the culprit is a first-offender , he will end with just a monitary punishment . 
  actually , it will take ceveral incidents until the person will really end in jail . 
  other is when they used force during the theft ( pushing the victim out of the way in order to get the wallet ) , than it is robbery and is punished with at least one year in prison ( but that can and , during the first incidents will be , a punishment on probation ) . 
  well , the rights of the culprit ? 
  they have still their personality-rights , meaning that their full names will most likly not be published , if at all , than only their first name and abbraviation of the last name . 
  they have the right of a fair trial ( no jury-trial since this does not exist in germany ) . 
  the state attorny has , in contrast to , for example the american system , not only the duty to investigate everything that stands against the culprit , but also every detail in favor for him , and has to show both sides in court , whereas the defender only has to do everything to make the most favorable situation for his client . 
  if the culprit is put in jail , he has still some of his basic human rights , meaning for example no extended solidary confinment since this is seen as a violation of human rights . 
  the jails are supposed to be aimed for rehabilitation rather than pure punishment . 
  so , the jail-time is less extreme than what you are used to see mainly from us-tv-shows . 
  for berlin , it is really abnormal . 
  i lived in berlin for 7 years and when family from nrw ( where i live now ) came over for christmas , the little kids thought that berlin was a winter-sports region because several years in a row there was thick snow everywhere while in nrw is mostly warmer weather so that snow is not that common until january or february . 
  if you look at the most recent events , from is attacks in paris , nice , and baveria , if you look at the burning refugee-homes all over germany , if you look at the kid that was radicalized , among others , by brevik , to go into a shooting-spree , it is not really an outdated , but rather a realistic view of the human psychy . 
  or , if you want another version , look at trump and his insane rants that people follow , actually starting to physically threaten people that are against their view , or the sentiment in england after the brexit vote where the extreme stance of the leave-campaigners caused a massive increase in violence against foreigners . 
  all that shows how a lot of single voices that just make it acceptable to spread hatred can affect people even with month of time to think about it . 
  radicalization is nothing that happens in boot-camps where you get your brain washed , it starts with simple discussions where you are lured in , and when you are on the hook , you go deeper . 
  the fact that islamist preacher can convince people to go to syria or to take weapons are arguments that , if you think soberly about it , are pretty insane , but nontheless people start to follow them , create plans on themselves that has nothing to do anymore with the original preacher that implanted the seed of terrorism into them . 
  if we do n't go to this source of hatred , there will be never an end to this kind of terror , or , in that regard , there is never an end to any kind of terror , is it police officers that kill black people , black people sniping officers , casual racism , fundamental religion that preaches the extermination of every non-believer , political extremists . 
  if it is not outlawed to spread the seed of hatred , there will be never an end , because there are always people that are open for manipulation , and also people that know how to instrumentalize these people without dirtening their own hands . 
  for students on abitur-level ( necessary to study ) : faust , effi briest , dontons tod , don karlos , die wirrungen des z\u00f6glin t\u00f6rles younger kids often reads krabbat . 
  well , when i took a lecture of the amendments ( our university provdes several classes in us law , hold by us-lawyers . 
  the lawyer that held this class was for several years a lawyer of the american civil liberties union ) , the discussion about hate-speech was mainly about the hecklers veto , that demonstrations ca n't be forbidden because people might get angered by that . 
  i do n't know where i have my case-folder of that class to give more specific examples for that discussion ( i took the course maybe two years ago , this folder should be somewhere in the depth of my files ) , but that was the basic gist of what it was about . 
  edit : that said , we did n't get into the depth of a us-law-school class since we had for all the amandments only half a year with one class a week , so we probably did n't get the full in-depth-view , but at least the layer of discussion we jumped in was n't really about stiring up your own side unless you actually call directly for crimes , but rather about the reaction of the opposite site of your actions . 
  i do not life in austria , but as a german , i believe that our laws should be quite similar , and to call someone `` tink '' or anything ( do n't even know this word ) is not hate-speech , but a basic insult . 
  it is just the same as callling someone an asshole or ( without him being ) a pedophile , or basically any other baseless insult you can do . 
  these are considered crimes , but not because they are hatespeech , but because they are insults . 
  the discussion of hate-speech and the `` incitment of hatred '' laws that are applicable in europe ( or at least here in germany ) is fundamentally different . 
  the american discussion is about heckler 's veto , which means that somebody should n't be limited in his speech just because a hackler ( someone who is verbally loud to fight ) could be angered by this speech . 
  that is in germany no legal reason to limit free speech as well !, 
  the german `` incitment of hatred '' - laws is not interested how the opposit site of the discussion receives your speech . 
  they can be as angry as they want , that is not a reason to limit speech . 
  what is a reason to limit is this act of incitment . 
  that means when your speech is aimed to create hatred and anger in your peers , that is deliberatly qualified to provoce them to go deeper in an extremist views so that they might start to commit crimes thereof , that is forbidden , no matter which view you have . 
  this is crinially liable no matter which idiology you try to spread , if you are a islamist in a mosque and try to recruit terrorists or if you are a right-winger that participate in creating idiology that leads to burning refugee-homes . 
  the idea is that you get never rid of crimes committed by extremists unless you start to go to the source of this motivation to hatred . 
  as long as you stay on reasonable ground , not try to spread lies to stir up , not try to make things look worse in order to create an ( unreasonable ) outrage , everything is legally perfectly admissable . 
  there is one thing i want to mention more . 
  yes , there are specific signs of idiologies that are specifically forbidden within the law ( aka nazi-symbolism ) . 
  this was done because you ca n't wear these signs without creating automatically a inciting message . 
  it is the same as if you would wear blackface or costumes of the kkk in the us , or do the black-power-sign . 
  these things are not just the sign as such , but a complicated massage that ca n't be seperated from these signs . 
  the nazi-symbolism was forbidden because these actions , to deny holocaust , to show nazi symbols , have a meaning for people that hear them , assosiations and ideas that are unseperatable , and because of the historical meaning in special here , they were included in the law . 
  that does not mean that other symbols with similar context are n't forbidden as welll . 
  if you show anywhere an is-flag you are just as guilty as showing a swastika . 
  these laws does not differentiate between `` good idiology '' or `` bad idiology '' , but rather about how any kind of idiology can be missused . 
  edit : corect the strangest typos . 
  man , i really was not fully awake when i wrote this :d . 
  well , i hear more and more calls for muslim groups to distance themselves from these islamists , not only saying that they are not-believers , but rather to adress the issue more agressivly in the public instead of just saying that it is not a part from them . 
  despite that , the people that blame all at once are mostly the usual screaming idiots . 
  well , there are problems with turks of the scond or later generations . 
  there are a lot that intigrate well , and they often come really far , addept a good german accent and do good and proper work . 
  but there are also a big part of them who do not intigrate very well , they mostly end in the so called `` hauptschule '' ( germany has three different kinds of schools you can attend after the 4th , in some states 6th grade . 
  which you can go in depends on your academic abilities during elementary ) . 
  the upbringing of these kids is ofen not aimed for intigration and for education , and because of that , they develope a crude version of german that uses some turkish words , has a horrible accent and only a very limited pool of words . 
  this so called `` t\u00fcrkdeutsch '' is wide spread at hauptschulen , and for everyone who is able to speak properly it is really painful to listen to that . 
  so , to speak this tongue already brand you as someone extreamly uneducated and not willing to integrate . 
  it depends . 
  there are a few places with these signs , in special in houshold with teenage sons that have a lot of guys visiting or in shops with small and not very often used toilets ( like in a barber ) , or in companies where the toilets are not cleaned daily . 
  the thing is that , even when you aim properly , there is still physics : water from a high position hitting water or porcelan will create splashes that will end up all around the toilet . 
  so , it is an act of courtisy to prevent that by sitting down when you are directly asked by such a sign . 
  but , that said , when there is no special sign asking for that , most guys will still stand . 
  i have my govermental id-card , my insurance card , my driver license , my disabled person pass and my student id . 
  the govermental id-card is used generally when i have to identify myself , for example for my law state-exame . 
  since i am old enough that people do n't have to ask me regularly if i am an adult , i do n't show it that often anymore . 
  i think insurance-card is self-explanatory . 
  but these have pictures since on or two years as well . 
  the disabled-person-pass is something i use regularly since , as someone with a walking disability , to use the public transport for free . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mci4buk4vum here , the daily show ( yes , in a comidic way ) discusses this theme , showing that this does not work at all . 
  if you want to be prepared for such a situationk , you have to train ** constantly **,
