  but everything else is private owned , what is the sign of capitalism . 
  the stronger social state is represented here by having a social democracy , which is not socialism !, 
  and please , the us has no right to define what socialism is and what is not . 
  the us does socialsim only know thorught your tv and some books , where here , people died to get away from socialism , where people suffered , where families were destroyed by this system . 
  when people know the fear of socialism , it is in europe and asia , and that is also why it is pretty insulting to call us socialists today . 
  swimming lessons are mandatory in elementray , so everyone was at least already in the water and got schoold how to do it . 
  that does not mean that everyone can actually swim , there are a some kids that forget it quite soon when they have no chance to swim ( in special with some strict muslim families that might be a problem . 
  there was a case in front of the constitutional court where a strict muslim family tried to prevent her daughter participating in the swimming lessons because she would see other 7 years old kids nearly nude . 
  they lost the case and had to pay the fine for keeping her out of school . 
  but it is highly unlikly that this girl for example will see water anytime soon after the end of these lessons ), 
  we had such a week for the senior years only . 
  the last weak before eastern , so just before they left school to prepare for the final exames , all of the senior years made a party-week , getting boom boxes on the school yard to make every break in a theme party , and dressed up like that . 
  but that only happens in the area where i made my senior years though . 
  the most important week of the year here is carnival , so everyone is used to dress up strange . 
  in berlin where i was in school before , such a week is not known though . 
  i would n't say that gauk is only for 70 + , i know quite a lot of people who like him and think he did a very good job , and i am a university-student , so far away from my 70th . 
  well , there is still the possibility to refuse to sign laws that he thinks are evidently unconstitutional ( but he can be forced to sign if the constitutional court does not agree with his view ) . 
  also , he appoints and dismisses the members of the german government , dismissing the parliament in case of a unsuccessful question to vote for confidence and a few more duties . 
  there do n't have to be an offical fkk area to see that . 
  i lived quite some time in ( west - ) berlin and at my most favorite swimming-seas were regularly some nudists , just casually stripping nacked and getting in the water . 
  ah , i just noticed that you also asked about our opinion on that matter . 
  i think , assisted suicid is a better method than the system we have in place today , where , when they stop life-prolonging systems , they stop the breath-assisting machines or , if you can breath on your own , stop giving you water . 
  i ca n't see how this is more human than just giving the patient what he needs , just add some poision that make him slumber away . 
  also , in cases of terminal illnesses , where you know that you will end up drugged with pain killers to a point where you loose yourself , where you know that you will have no futur , i think it is the right of the patient to set the point of death themselves . 
  and in these cases , medical assistence , even to the point where they put the needle in the vain , should n't be illegal . 
  that said , it needs a intensive medical and psychological analysis if this is really a case , meaning the seriousness of the illness and the psychological indipendence of that decission . 
  in germany , sorts of assisted suicide is not illegal in a criminal law-sense , but it is against the professional standards of the physician-assosiation which membership is necessary to be a medical professional . 
  the rule in criminal law is pretty simple , since suicide itself is not illegal , assisting to do it is n't either . 
  the only thing that has to make sure is that the last act - the final cause for the death - has to be done by the person that wants to die . 
  the idea is that , if you have someone who only can move one hand , you can built the ramp that can send the person off the bridge , you can set the person on the ramp , but only the suicidal person itself shall open the breaks to let the wheelchair fall down . 
  the only difference is when the helping person convince the suicidal person to do so with illegal means ( for example the sirius-case where a man made a woman think that , when she kills herself , that her soul will be transported to sirius where she will live forever happily ) . 
  medical professionals are in another situation since , when they assist with a suicide , they might loose their license . 
  but since this professional standarts are a matter of state-legislation , there are different aspects that takes a real professional in that field ( which i am not ) , so in general , they ca n't do that ( without certainty of my sides that there are no loopholes . 
  i just never have heard a physician that risked to use a loophole if one exists . 
  i personally would rather look critical at such a party . 
  despite that we have two parties with the word `` christian '' in their name , these are rather out of historical reasons than that they actually make politics for christians . 
  yes , they are more conservatives and thus have some political opinions that fit rather the views of christians , but after all , nobody cares for the religion of any of the politicians , and even the mentioning if religion in regard to politics leads to rised eyebrows all over the board . 
  so , my concerns are not really that it would be a party for muslim interests , but rather that this is a party for religiouse interests . 
  i would also be rather critical for a new party for christian interests or hindu interests . 
  if people want conservative views , they can join the cdu ( yes , they have also muslims there , not that many , but they are there ) , if they want more social-democratics , they can join the spd . 
  i am quite happy with it . 
  i have a genetical disability that damaged my feet . 
  i got several surgeries as a toddler and two within the last 5 years . 
  i am treated with orthopedic footware since i was 8 . 
  i never could have afford any of that without public health care . 
  in special these last surgeries were done at one of the most well known competence center of the world regarding feet disability ( university-clinik heidelberg ) where i was handled by the head of the department for feet . 
  i did n't pay anything for the surgery itself and only 10 $ per day for the stay in hospital . 
  there was also a little bit of copay for the medication that followed . 
  i got very good shoes that , when i get the default versions , only cost around 50 $ per pair , the sport-shoes i got last time were more customized with a design i created ( or rather copied of a brand-shoe ) and it costed maybe around 70 $ . 
  not cheap , but affordable , considering that they would normally cost several hundred or even more than a thousand if not payed by healthcare . 
  all in all , this system helps me to basically survive until now . 
  i would never be part of a private health-care plan since i am going to be a very expensive customer for the rest of my life and no private health-care service would ever accept me , so i am bound to the public system . 
  is it sometimes a problem to get a appointment in short term ? 
  sure , but at least you can get one and , if necessary , even a high-class treatment . 
  is there room for development ? 
  sure , but we have at least something that works even for people with cronical illnesses . 
  that varies from school to school i would think . 
  i went during my school time to three different gymnasium 's ( no - they are not for sports , germany has not one single high school for kids of that age-range , but , depending on your academic archievments , you will sent to one of three different school typs , the gymnasium is for form for the `` best '' kids that plan to do more academic jobs later ) . 
  the one i was in berlin was rather cool , we had a lot of different after-school activities ( not real clubs , but maybe sort of ) . 
  for example , i was in the biology , the badminton-groups and the mediator-group . 
  we also had quite the livly school government where we voted every year for our school presidents and every class had a class representative who went once a month to the meetings of these to discuss further development of the schools . 
  and , during the last two days of the school year , we had mini-courses where everybody could make courses about everything and offer them to the students . 
  i offered to organize one of my favorite card-games :d . 
  we had also quite the cool gradiuation-pranks . 
  the next one i was had basically nothing . 
  i just went there because , after i moved , this was the one relatives of me went to . 
  no elections of school presiden , no real after-school activities , the gradiuation-prank was not really that much , only a lot of drinking during carnival . 
  the last school was a little bit better . 
  after i escaped the school i just mentioned , i went to a better school with at least some attempts to do after-school cericula , for example , i was able to kick off the mediaton-training there again by telling the teacher how we handled that in the school in berlin . 
  i also was in the after-school-group of `` quantum physics and life questions '' where we discussed quantum physics and what impact this had on the phylosophy . 
  i think i am quite patriotic , but not nationalistic . 
  i like my nation and i have some kind of proudness in me for the society that i , as one tiny little gear in the machinery of our society , participat to create . 
  i know that this nation is far away from being perfect , no nation is that , but i want to do my part to make it better . 
  all in all , i would n't want to live in another nation ( at least permanently , maybe a stay for a few month in japan :d ) since i think that the way this nation works is in general among one of the better national approaches . 
  that said , i also like to laugh and drink and talk to people from all over the world , compare our systems with theirs , want to experience the different world views , but to manage to really understand the differences , i first have to know my own nation well enough . 
  in the end , the kind of patriotism i like and that i want to embrace is the one shown during the football world-championship in 2006 , when people dressed in german flag start to dance with someone with a negarian flag and spanish flag alike , to stay german while i am part of the world community , understanding that as something that define me without making me look down on others . 
  i think we have the problem that all sites of the conflict acts like assholes . 
  there are several reports how the settlement pollicies of israel makes the situation in palastine worse , but at the same time , palastine does do terroristic attacks and , when they can , wage war against israel . 
  i am also aware of the fact that in the history , israel tried to give out the hand to palestine and that not worked , but it is also not a solution to supress palastine for all eternity , because like that , the hamas will never end . 
  the problem for israel here is that they have the upper hand as the nation that is actually in power , so they are expected to be the one that should lead the attempts to calm down the situation and to find a way to end the hatred . 
  that is a extreamly difficult task , but it is not helping that isrealic nationalist parties are strong in israel . 
  and that means , in the end , to also find to ways to work with people you hate in order to get into a better future , even when that means that you will never see potential terrorists sitting with you on the same table and not inside a prison . 
  edit : the last part only if there are any real peace-possibilities on the way . 
  while they are still committing terroristic attacks , israel has to protect itself , but at the same time , they have to work for a better futur for this region as well , or there will never be peace and the situation could only be solved by total annihilation of one side . 
  no boateng ? 
  yes , he did one mistake with his hand-play during the last em , but hell , for the rest of the time , he was pure gold and at least so important for keeping the ball out of our goal as neuer . 
  he is one of the best defence-players . 
  it was an option , but not more than that . 
  as i already elaborated , the constitutional court found ( and i agree with it ) that the will of the people was sufficiently heard by the people accepting the grundgesetz as their constitution in their daily life without any broad criticm or demands to overthrow it , but rather by a public discussion where the grundgesetz was treated like a full constitution without any doubt of its legitimacy . 
  they could have tried to make an referendum , that is always sufficiently legitimised if there is the will and / or the need for it , but there was neither a legal nor a political need for it , it was just a risk without any gain . 
  yeah , but there is a problem with symoblic acts that involve a referendum , see brexit . 
  it was done in the believe that people would vote against it , there are some very believable reports that some of the biggest supporters never believed it but nontheless , the referendum came and brexit won . 
  but the magnitude of a faild referendum for the grundgesetz would have been disasterouse , against that , the uk at the moment is a piece of cake . 
  it would question the fundamental principles our state is build upon , the human rights and basically all law that was created since the establishment of germany ( and even before that ) would suddenly be up for question in a way that nobody could predict what happend . 
  and in special since half of the population was new to the law and still rather used to get infiltrated with rather plumb propaganda , the risk that special interest groups could basically destroy our complete state-structure was just too great . 
  and also , the grundgesetz works , it gives one of the most extensive human rights protections known , it is even that good that big parts of the fundamental rights amendmend of the eu was modled after the first paragraphs of the german fundamental rights . 
  it is flexible enough to be amended at every given point , but true to its core principles as set out in the eternety-clause that forbids basically major changes of the core principles of the constitution . 
  so , there was no need to create a new constitution as well . 
  the constitutional court gave their own piece of mind to the question of if the people should have been heard or not , and it basically decided that they have been heard enough in the past centuries in the way that people lived the constitution , aced it out , claimed their rights using constitutional methods and so on . 
  there is the legal concept that you can agree to something by conclusive behaviour , meaning that , for example , when i ask you `` do you want to buy this '' and you nod , that is conclusive behaviour .
