  so , basically , before the plans of the russians were even nearly ready for acting out , november 9th happend and the collaps of the udssr started . 
  about the other situation after the downfall . 
  well , my mom , who went into several easter-germany companies before and after the fall of the wall were shocked about the economical situation there . 
  the gdr were the one of the economically best stituated placed of the soviet-area , but even the comapnies there were in a catastrophical situation . 
  the publisher they visited did n't had a single copy-maschine in the house , but they duplicated using matrices . 
  to reach the nationally planned 100 % employment , every job that could employ efficiantly one guy was done by at least three . 
  the medical teaching books about nurses were at least 1/3 about political indoctrination , and only than came the real knowledge , and on and on . 
  in berlin , try to go east with your housing , especially youth hostels , and stay away of the hotspots for sleeping . 
  berlin is very decentralised and has a very good public transport . 
  as long as you make sure that you are near an s-bahn-station , you will reach the livly centers in a reasonable time , and the s-bahn , even not around the clock , but drives quite long every night and starts early in the morning . 
  personally , i would have preferd if this all would have been ignored . 
  basically everyone who knows the turkish scene here in europe spoke unisono that only the people that are already his followers will go to these events , and that the worst thing that could happen is that not enough anti-erdogan protesters would show up to make it into the news . 
  he would never have won any votes here anyways . 
  but now , basically , erdogan is in a win-win-position . 
  when he comes here , he has beaten the europeans and made them do what he wants , so he wins in the eyes of his turkish electorate . 
  if he will not come here , even better , because than , he is the figher for the turkish cause , pushing against an opressive europe , and he can fight on and on and on . 
  perfect publicity for this maniac . 
  now , we are in this mess , and i have no clue how to get out of this without supporting this little dictator in his election - . - , either we let him speak and he won , or we do n't let him speak and he won even more . 
  the netherlands are less of an hour driving away . 
  compared to the stoner-repuatation of them , you from over the pond are small fries :d, 
  i am someone who likes to discuss , and basically the most joy i have when people are on different terms with me , that is acutally how i discribe my the best friendship i ever had , that it was based on this very point . 
  but there are just a few things that are beyond discussion for me , and someone who starts to discuss how we should let basically every immigrant that tries to come her purpusly drown , how he propse we should sent back people to places where they will face extermination ( well , the propsal was to help assat win and than sent him everyone back , knowing that a big part of the people might be labled as enemy and executed ) , there is a line crossed that i refuse to discuss about . 
  everything is open as long as we stay on the basis of human rights and the basic law , that is my very own core principle . 
  maybe you have to pay the higher delivery-costs . 
  well , these are the information i have . 
  she died when my mom was just 18 , so i never met her , same with her father who died even earlier due to long-term consequences of the war-prison . 
  but basically all stories i hear of these two fit into the picture . 
  he , who went as soon as he studied went back to fairs to russia and when asked if he had a grudge for the time in war prision said `` they did n't invite us '' , the stories of the ( actually still rather right ) sister of this father that the mother was just too nice to be good , giving basically everything away that she could , and that to an stupid amoung ( according to this aunt ) . 
  the stories how such a obscure nazi-scientist came to her school , making measurments on the teens and proclaiming that she looked like the perfect little arian , but when asked about her heritage she basically named every single european and in special eastern european nation . 
  the complete upbringing of her kids , all fit the picture of her also doing this stuff . 
  well , the mother 's site of my foster-mother at least ( who i , to simplyfy it , adopted here ) . 
  the father were captured in russia when he was 17 or 18 and sent to war prisons . 
  and of my real mother , i know her mother was turning a blind eye , as her children confirmed ( apart of my mom who was n't alive than ) . 
  since i have no clue about the family of my father ( never speak with him ) , i ca n't say much . 
  the mother of my foster-mother on the other hand worked in the ministry that provided foot stamps and actually ( at least the ledgend ) she smuggled stamps to families hosting jews . 
  i have no clue if it is true , but the fact that she was employed by the allies basically immidiatly after the war is showing that she at least had supporters thag enabled her to get a persil-pass the quick way . 
  also , considering the family as a whole , it fits how the daugther still acts today ( or i would n't stay with her now ), 
  you should also note that `` penner '' is also sometimes used as a derogatory term for homeless people . 
  so , getting fired : it depends how you life your political opinion . 
  if you are a sellsperson and start to lecture others about your political opinion , than that is very much a reason to fire you . 
  also , open and public right-wingers can be damaging for a company , so they might try to get rid of him . 
  about loosing friends : of course . 
  if the other holds a political opinion you simply ca n't agree to in an degree that this believe goes against your core principles , a friendship is , in my opinion , impossible . 
  for me , hearing that someone is in the afd is a clear reason to not meet again with that person . 
  if he is a close friend , i would try to talk to him , also explaining why , but nontheless , that would be a reason to just stop talking with him . 
  actually , in the past , the great-grandparents of mine are said to have kicked their son out as he started to glorify hitler at the dining-table , and this mentality lived on , and i think most people agree upon this . 
  that said , antifa or any other person that is ready to become violent for a leftist cause is also a nogo for me , and to be honest , left-party-members are also not really my cup of tea , but at least i would try to discuss longer with them . 
  what is said about friends is also true for the society in general . 
  there was just recently a report about an american immigrant running a burger shop that publically said that he was a trumpfan in a talk-show . 
  his business is now basically destroyed , since nobody is going there anymore . 
  well , unaffiliated with any religion does not mean without faith . 
  the german term here is also not affiliated with any religion , but with any `` konfession '' ( so confession ) . 
  my dictionary just gave me this translation . 
  athist do not beleive in any higher entity . 
  not specified just means the parliamentarian did n't answer . 
  they are not obliged to disclose what they believe , so they did n't do it . 
  the afd is not accounted for since this is a list of members of the national parliament , and thanks god the afd is not yet member of it ( sadly , they will most likly be in the end of this year ) . 
  ehm , no , not at all . 
  yes , christians are in the majority , but not all of them are christians . 
  the office of the parliament asks every legislative periode the believe , and that is the result : * protestands : 200 * catholics : 203 * islam : 3 * unaffiliated with any religion : 23 * athist : 3 * not specified : 193 source : https://www.bundestag.de/abgeordnete18/mdb_zahlen/konfession/260136, 
  i am waiting for the grades of my first attempt of the frist state exame to become a lawyer ( i already know that i want to do a second attempt , but at least i know that i already passed the first time , not as good as i hope , but that is something i can correct ) . 
  well , not that nordic , but germany has also quite good social security . 
  it started here basically with the industrial revolution . 
  before that , people normally lived in their villiages and when someone got sick or anything like that , the community dealt with it . 
  but with the industrial revolution , the situation went rather south . 
  people moved into the cities to work in factories , housing was catastrophal , and working conditions inhumane . 
  if someone got sick or just could n't work as fast anymore , he lost the support of his family , children had to work as well , basically manchaster capitalism . 
  this created quite alot of anger in the public , and socialist ideas started to spread among the work-force . 
  the government tried to crack down on socialist hotspots , but it had basically no use . 
  if the situation would have continued like that , the liklyhood of a full blown socialist revolution would have become feasable . 
  to prevent that , bismark , germany 's first chancellor after its unification , dicided to tackle the worst issues that he saw in the society . 
  he created the accident-insurance in order to prevent that people that were injured during work would loose everything , later he added the health-insurance and pensions into the system . 
  he did that basically to catch in the citicens who else would have tried to find a solution within the socialist movment , and tried to give them a goverment-plan that would lead them back into mor conservative political views . 
  somehow , this thread remembers me that i was n't on / r/shitamericanssay for a while . 
  as far as i understand this [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_requirements_for_malaysian_citizens ) , you can stay up to 90 days in germany without visa as a tourist . 
  so , just come as a tourist and let the official visa kick in . 
  well , for me it is actually western germany . 
  i spend my elementary-years in frankonia , from 5th to 10th grade in berlin and now since than , i live for the last 10 years in the d\u00fcsseldorf-area and study for 6 years in cologne . 
  there is simply no place i have that deep ties to to really identify myself with . 
  i always want to go back to berlin though , but since i was there just once in the last 10 years , it is not really possible to identify myself with that region ( at the moment ) . 
  i lived in berlin and now study in cologne , and i met just as much pork-eating turks as i have seen religiouse people . 
  also , the statistic says 47 % of muslims favore sharia law . 
  this is bad enough , no need to take an aditional 13 % on top of that . 
  german here . 
  we still have national ties to religion , there are religiouse classes in every school ( the parents and later the children can dicide if the children participate in any or not ) and the church-tax is collected by the state as well ( you have to pay them as long as you are part of one of the big recognized churches ) . 
  most people does not go to church , and we do n't know the religion of most of our politicians ( i actually only know merkels , but only because i know from her biography that her father was a protestant pastor , so it is safe to assume that she is protestant as well ) . 
  that said , the german society is quite secular already . 
  god is basically never named in political speeches , and religion has not really an impact on daily life . 
  i went to a katholic school and actually went there because they offered the physics-classes that were n't offered in the prior school ( and it was one of the best schools in the region , in special for science-classes ) . 
  this complete fight as it exists in the us , religion vs. science , antagonizing against atheists and so on is basically not really existing here . 
  ehm , what is with beatrix von storch , or our least favorite neighbour gauland ? 
  or h\u00f6cke ? 
  also seehofer , and maybe s\u00f6der . 
  and `` die tagesschau '' is the most important news-series . 
  also , i would add phnoenix into the pool . 
  what is said on these outlets is basically set in stone . 
  well , if you are in the process of making your license , such stuff , if a policeman dicides to fine you , can lead to an delay for this very license ( you showed disrespect to the traffic rules , so you are basically unfit to drive ) . 
  also , if you have a history of driving-mistakes , something minor like that can be the nail in the coffin of your license . 
  berlin joins the corner of shame . 
  the most hillariouse aspect of wacken is the first song played every year .
