  edit : fixed the quote . 
  the muzzle goes on a biting , not a barking dog . 
  i think it is rather the question what you see as favorable or not . 
  i think the favorable was meant to be basically with cherry-picking while the unfavorable is with sever punishments , what both should n't be done ( but i could imagine that some states push through the later ) . 
  one thing you do n't understand , opinion and facts are two different things . 
  an opinion is an subjective view that , because it is subjective , it is not proovable . 
  a fact is something that can be prooven . 
  facts as such are not protected by the freedom of opinion since they are not opinions . 
  you can count deaths during the holocaust , you can read in documents about them , you can analyse every historic detail and than you have facts , and false facts as holocaust-deniers are spreading , are , as a matter of legal fact , not opinions and are therefor not protected . 
  also , expressing opinions does not get you prosecuted . 
  what get you prosecuted is using this expression by saying it to a crowed in the intention to stir up hatred , to stir up anger , to deepen the mindset in order to be the first flame to start a fire . 
  people that are stiring up hatred are just as a part of burning refugee-homes as people that do it . 
  people that stir up hatred are as much part of a suicide bomber as the person that actually pulls the trigger . 
  the thing is , you can have an oppinion as much as you want , and you can also say it , as long as you do n't do it in a manner to break the public peace and security by demagogouse actions . 
  well , there is always the legal process of naturalistation . 
  the parents also would n't become german citicens , only the kids , and only the kids that were born after their parents were in germany for this set amount of time . 
   i get what you 're saying , but do you realise that this is subjective ? 
  my point is that ` democrats ' criticise fascists for ` hatred-creating ' when they are creating hatred themselves , like why do you think fascists started creating hatred in the first place ? 
  also , fascists are not saying that peaceful rallies are ` annoying ' things that should be endured or not , fascists are saying that peaceful rallies are a lie , and that all rallies result in fuckery , wether behind the scenes or in public . 
  the criticism is that ` democrats ' ( really just antifascists ) distinguish between direct and indirect responsibility to justify their bullshit . 
  a liberal vegan hippy is just as responsible for all the same bullshit as a corporate oligarch because they both live while others die . 
  sorry , but what ? 
  this is just too much confusion in just one paragraph . 
  people that demonstrate for piece and against racial-motivated violence is creating hatred ? 
  okay , yeah , they show that they do n't like facists , but that does not mean that they would commit crimes against them , or that their goal is to stir up enough hatred so that others might commit crimes . 
  the one that commit crimes from that side are left-autonomes which are just as a problem as nazi 's and that the police fight as well ( just see the street-fights at every first of march ) . 
  i do n't care why facists start to spread hatred at the first palce , but that they do is the crime here . 
  we will never end , or at least limit the circle of bloodshead and hatred if we do n't stop the people screaming to spread it . 
  so , as an islamists preacher has to be imprisonered for making young easily influenced people islamists , idiots cheering to burn down refugee-homes has to go as well . 
  that is not subjective , but an objective evaluation of the situation , examined by idioligy-detached values . 
  the fact that both life while the other die is just a bullshit-argument when the one is on the streets to change the system that the other will not die while the other earns a fortune by doing so . 
  that is just twisted logic . 
  all in all , your idea that this is subjective acutally goes only in this `` i am the victim of a supressive state , and so i fight against it '' nonsense . 
  it is simply not true , and it is not the duty of the state to tollerate every imaginary threat that rather need a psychologist than an open demonstration . 
  but that has nothing to do with `` freedom of opinion only counts of your opinion is acceptable '' , it is about if a party is against the constitution and if there are plans or notions to abolish the constitution and the basic laws , by diretcly abolishing them or by warping them into meaningless . 
  a party which justifies the murder of innocent people in wwii , that demand to shoot at families with children at the border , a party that has nothing to do with the protection of the basic law , that has no place to be protected by even this law . 
  yes , the german constitution is a protective constitution , means that it does not have to protect these that want to abolish it , neither from the left , from the right , from religiouse groups , nor from any kind of other institution that want to establish a society outside of the borders of the basic law . 
  and that is why the npd is attempted to be forbidden and the afd might be in the futur as well . 
  first , you confuse two things i wrote . 
  there is a difference between forbidding parties and forbidding rallies . 
  what i said was true for forbidding parties . 
  parties can only be forbidden when their goal is to abolish democracy . 
  the rules and reasonings behind forbidding rallies are different though . 
  rallies can ( generally ) be held as long as they are not deemed as ` incitment of hatred ' . 
  incitment of hatred means that you have to aim your actions to incite hatred by your peers . 
  if i do a demonstration for example against muslims , it is completly irrelevant what muslims think about it , the only aspect that counts is if my peers feel thereby encouraged to feel hatred , if there is demagogues potential by unreasonable fearmongering , baseless acusations , or by usage of symbolism with a clear meaning behind ( for example the swastika which stands for the mehtods the nazi used ) . 
  as long as i stay away from these hatred-creating methods , i can rally against whatever i want . 
  and i can even enrage the opposit site however i want , as long as i stay with my rally on the basis of law . 
  so , facists saying that they are more enraged by peaceful rallies : i do n't care , you have to endure it , these peaceful rallies does not call for hatred against you . 
  it is not nazi-parties that are forbidden , forbidden are parties with the goal to abolish our constitution and the human rights that are confirmed by this document . 
  and yes , nazi 's are inherently not combinable with human rights , the idea that people should be diminished just because of race/religion or similar reason 's is against the constitution . 
  but also extrem communist parties or similar organisations are not allowed as long as they want to abolish the free and democratic order of this state . 
  the german constitution is a protective constitution , meaning that it has not protect attempts to destroy itself . 
  it is true , if you would read the criminal code , you would see that you have no clue at all . 
  the thing that is forbidden is `` to incite hatred '' , which means , when your words are meant to stir up others , to implant more and more hatred into them , than you are criminally liable . 
  as the law states , the criminal offence is to use these words to disrupt public peace and safty by inciting . 
  so , for example , if you in a room with 10 left-wingers , scream `` holocaust is not true , you are all liars '' and than run out , it is perfectly legal since it is not sufficient to incite hatred ( well , only against yourself , but not against the victims of nazi-regime ) . 
  but when you do it so that other people get to know about , to make them even feel better in their nazi-world-view , strengthen their beliefe and thereby incourage them to hate , and maybe to commit crimes because of that hate , than it is a criminally liable action . 
  i just recently learned ( during a discussion about the munich shooting ) that this is not true anymore . 
  as long as the parents are legal residence in germany for more than , i think 8 years , the children can get the german citizenship by birth . 
  i agree , there are a lot of second and third generation immigrants ( often even first generation ) that see themselves as german - and they would never ever go to an erdogan rally . 
  to go there is basically to admit that you do n't see yourself as german . 
  because i am a german law-student and understand a little bit about the constitution and about its applicance , and people like you that claim `` that germany has any sort of real freedom '' just prooves that you speak out of your arse without any knowledge about it . 
  germans are free people , the limitations that exists are reasonable to ensure a safe space in which people can develope themselfes as they want . 
  the limits for every person is when they missuse their freedoms to hurt others , and nazi-demostrations are , per se , a incitment of hatred . 
  it is even not the case that every demonstration of right-wingers are forbidden , they demonstrate at the day of the death of some important nazi-people , they can participate in their stupid pegida-walks , as long as they do n't try to diminish the crimes of the nazi regime , trying thereby to glorify them in order to make it more acceptable to such things again ( and to encourage hate-crimes thereby ) , everything is fine . 
  it is a secular country - yet . 
  under erdogan , who in the past already expressed interests to change that more and more , i doubt that will stand for long . 
  and if you start to imprison any other media that is against you , also your political opposition , than there is nothing left of democracy left anymore . 
  hint : during the ruling of the soviets in germany , there were also `` elections '' , that did n't made it to a democracy , since any other system in place to make it democratic were abolished , and erdogan is on the best way to do this as well . 
  during these past weeks there were two coups , one military , one political , both are just as despicable as the other . 
  these laws exists in germany as well . 
  there ca n't be a demonstration supporting is for example , neither one to justify the nazi-regime . 
  erdogan is just not a reason to stop an assembly . 
  well , considering that i am just a few month away from finishing my first state-exame , i would love to hear your argument of enlightment where i made the mistake in this legal analysis , or was it just that it does not fit your own worldview ? 
  that is a question where and how you put them . 
  there is no necessity to jail them in a muslim cell , or even cell block . 
  that is a question how to create the jail-time . 
  but , as i said , if it deemed impossible to rehabilitate , than there is the preventive detention . 
  but that is not a crime-related punishment , but a character-dependend instrument to protect the broad public . 
  what was discussed here was the punishment , the part that is about retaliation , and that ca n't be put on `` forever '' . 
  first of all , there are several cases of former syrian fighters that came back and are now preaching to never go there , telling the truth about the inhuman and dispicable actions they saw , that this has nothing to do with what was told to them , etc. 
  so your claim that basically non fo these can be rehabilitatet is proovable false . 
  in cases that rehabilitation is deemed inpossible , the state can order preventive detention . 
  and about that this is just an opinion , please read the european convention on human rights , article 2 :  1 . 
  everyone 's right to life shall be protected by law . 
  no one shall be deprived of his life intentionally save in the execution of a sentence of a court following his conviction of a crime for which this penalty is provided by law . 
  deprivation of life shall not be regarded as inflicted in contravention of this article when it results from the use of force which is no more than absolutely necessary : ( a ) in defence of any person from unlawful violence ; ( b ) in order to effect a lawful arrest or to prevent the escape of a person lawfully detained ; ( c ) in action lawfully taken for the purpose of quelling a riot or insurrection . 
  preventive detention , to be in accordance with the basic law , can only be targeted at the culprit , never at the crime . 
  it is not possible to say `` everyone who commits terorrism will be a life-long threat '' , but a case-to-case evaluation for each culprit has to be done , evaluating if he will be like that . 
  if it is not done , it is the establishmen of a punishment for pure retaliation , and that would be the violation of one of the muat fundamental basic rights . 
  again , i despise these people just as you , the only thing is that i believe in the constitution , in human rights and that , even the most inhuman people has to be treated accordingly to those , in special if the terror they spread aims espcially to make us forget our values , to proove that we are just as despicable that they are , that the morals we display are just a show . 
  i do n't want to give them this victory !, 
  i want them to stay in jail for as long as possible . 
  killing them means to give is something they can state as victory , give them martyr . 
  also , these people want fame , want recognition by their peers . 
  i am against publishing their names or faces , and i do n't want them to be killed , i want them in a jail where they will be forgotten , where their names have no meaning anymore . 
  edit : these people planned to die for their cause , so the way more curler punishment is them to stay alife . 
  there is a risk , i ca n't deny that . 
  the thing is , preventive detention has to be orderd by the court at the time they give out the punishment , it ca n't be ordered afterwards , so either they are in there with the notion to probably stay there forever or they clearly get out after 25 years .
