  first : the monitary market is one of the worst things for a nation to have as a economy in such a situation . 
  in contrast to normal industry which is bound by facilities at the location they are in , the monetary market needs in principle a single decision to move to another place . 
  of course , the big banks have to build new headquaters at other places , but that is just a small obstacle if the monitary market wants to move . 
  and at least quite a chunc starts to prepare to move since it is highly unlikly that the uk will have passporting-rights to the eu . 
  so the part of the financial market that relies on working with eu-papers has to move . 
  the part that can stay in the uk is the part of `` all around the world '' , but this is for big parts the gambling-part where much money can be made , and even more can be lost . 
  it is as an investment-branch as high risk for the bankers to participate in it as for an economy to rely on it . 
  also , the money that flows into the uk on the industrial side will most likly go down as well . 
  due to the favorable legal position , a lot of headquaters went to the uk and irland in the past . 
  it was the easiest place to stay in order to establish an eu-branch . 
  these all will have to move as soon as the uk is out . 
  same with several production-lines , mainly the car industry , since they heavily relay on supply-lines from continental europe . 
  a hard brexit ( as it is expected at the moment ) would create that both , the supplies comming from the eu , and the prouced goods going back into the eu , would be victims of tariffs , making it necessary for alot of companies to take the money in the hand to move to continental europe . 
  so , yes , at the moment , the uk has a gigantig trade deficit due to the fact that they have quite some money due to them profeting of the eu . 
  that does not mean that this have to stay this way as soon as the brexit really starts to move on . 
  i would think that most nation will notify the other when they naturalize one of their citicens . 
  the law states clearly that the mother of a child is the woman that gave birth to it , not who is genetically the parent . 
  so , even when the procedure of using the ovum of another woman is not illegal , the biologically mother has no right to gain parenthood . 
  the surrogate mother has to agree to adoption if she wants to pass on the custody . 
  no , its not . 
  the only way to hold two citicenships is when you get passed down two citicenships by your parents . 
  in any case of intentional taking on the other citicenship , germany requires you to revoke your german one . 
  there were attempts to intigrate russia more in the eu , but there were controversies about that russia did n't really like the approach `` everyone has a voice and we try to do most stuff unanimously '' . 
  if russia would only have to negotiate with maybe germany and france , it could have worked , but also to discuss with ( and actually listen to ) small member-states that would be in an old mindset rather be seen as dependend settalite-states - well - that did n't work out at all . 
  well , not really , it is common in germany to tip the barber as well , not as much as in the us , but some . 
  also , tipping in restaurant is also considered good manners , normally between 5 - 10 % for good service . 
  seperate law , maybe about wildlife or in combination with use-animals . 
  we have basically for every stupid theme an own law-book , this complete insane compount-stereotyp comes for a big part from all these seperate laws we have . 
  the thing is , the bgb is normally about the most basic stuff , what are contracts , what are the duties when in a buying-contract , etc. 
  that is just weirdly specific for this code . 
  not that weired that it exists , but rather the placement . 
  germany has a few major law-books like the civil code or the criminal code , and apart from that , a unimaginable amount of law-books ( germany , as far as i know , has the biggest body of law in the world ) . 
  so , why are there four paragraphs in the most important law-book , the civil code , decidcated for the rules about bees , who posesses them , when you posess them , how you can pursue them when they go off , and when you loose ownership on the bees . 
  i think the majority of the shares are hold by the family , so that they are controlling everything . 
  yeah , but for that , at least to some extant , you would n't need a single market . 
  the cross border-shoping is normally rather for amounts that would fall under the tax exempt amount . 
  what i had as idea now that i would buy stuff from an polish shop that has set up in my neighbourhood . 
  but , actually , the more i think about it , the more i realize that i do n't witness that often because most of these shops that work eu-wide are german-based ( aldi , lidl , metro , etc. 
  ) , so for other nations , that is more common to occur than for me . 
  the single market is very true . 
  it might not be that the customer is going to a shop of a foreign country ( which does happen , aldi and lidl for example are working all over the eu ) , exteranl suply-lines are all over europe . 
  if you look , for example , at a car build anywhere in the eu , you will find parts from multiple nations in it . 
  same for basically every industry . 
  well , i trust in our constitutional court that they will make sure the government does n't fuck up doing something bad-shit crazy . 
  for the government , i think they act okay , i am not always sharing the opinion or the world-view of them , but in general , i think positivly about most of them ( despite that there are a few fuck-ups there , yes , i look at you , csu ! ), 
  well , they are known to be reliable and rather long-lasting . 
  but i do n't own one , so i ca n't really speak about if it is true or not . 
  i personally own an alfa romeo , which is italian ( but owned by fiat , a french company ) . 
  i really love my car , but i ca n't say how good it handles after a few years since this ( my first car ) is just maybe three years old . 
  in germany , it is at least true for the younger generatinos 50 and younger . 
  with the exeption of a few regional words ( like that there are areas with different words for bread bun ) , `` hochdeutsch '' ( standard german ) is the most popular accent . 
  there are also quite some cases where people are able to use their native accent and standard-german . 
  just a little while ago , i was next to someone who spoke perfectly normal , but as soon as he started to talk with his family on the phone , he spoke swabian , the most funny accent you can think of . 
  well , some of our biggest companies are family-owned . 
  according to a quick google-research ( http://die-deutsche-wirtschaft.de/die-liste-der-1000-groessten-familienunternehmen-in-deutschland/ ) , we have around 3 million family companies here , among the best known are * vw * bmw * bosch * aldi * metro * continental * henkel * and many , many more, 
  well , the standart course is basically as followed : first , we have to dicide if the matter of this law is a federal - , state - or a mixt subject . 
  who has to do what is layed down in the constitution , but it can become complicated in cases where either the state can dicide as long as there is no federal law or even when the most recent law is applicable . 
  so , for fedreal level , there are two bodies of importance , the parliament , the `` bundestag '' , and the `` bundesrat '' ( federal assembly ) . 
  the bundestag is elected directly every 4 years . 
  the bundestags are respresentatives of the states that are sent out by the ruling government of each state . 
  when the federal level is applicable , than the law has to be introduced to the parliament . 
  this can be done either by a ministry , 5 % of the members of parlimanet or by the bundesrat . 
  this law will than go through several hearings where the law is discussed , changed and so on . 
  eventually , the law will end for voting in the parliament . 
  normally , a  50 % majority is enough to pass a law . 
  only when the law includes changes of the constitution , a majority of more than 2/3 of all votes are necessary , and even this majority ca n't change everything ( just google the eternaty-clause ) . 
  if the law is passed , we face a new analysis . 
  the constitution distinguish between laws `` zustiummungsgesetz '' ( approval-laws ) and `` einspruchsgesetze '' ( veto-laws ) . 
  depending on how much the rights of the states are concernd , the law has either be activly approved by the bundesrat or the bundesrat only has the right to veto a law , but if inactive , the law will be passed . 
  zustimmungsgesetzt : these laws need an approval of the bundesrat . 
  if the bundesrat denies to approval , they can demand a meidation comittee , which has the duty to find a compromise between bundestag and bundesrat . 
  the result will be sent to the bundestag , and if they approve , it is sent to the bundesrat again to get the final approval . 
  if the law fails to pass both organs , the law will not be passed at all . 
  einspruchsgesetz : concerning these laws , the bundesrat only has a right to veto the law . 
  basically , if the law passes the bundestag , the bundesrat has the right to demand another mediation comittee . 
  but , if the mediation comittee fails , the bundestag has the right to overrule the bundesrat . 
  if the law fails in the bundesrat with 50 - 66 % of the votes against them , the parliament can overrule the bundesrat with a simple majoirty . 
  if the law fails in the bundesrat with more than 2/3 of the votes against it , the parliament can overrule the bundesrat with more than 2/3 of its own votes . 
  if both organs agree or if the parliament overrules the bundesrat , the law is passed . 
  after that , the law is given to the president who will look over it , will make sure that the text of the law is identically with what was passed in the parliament , he will also make a rough test if the law is constitutional ( but this right is highly debated ) , and than signs the law , making it effective with that . 
  ( p.s. 
  : hope it ready okay . 
  i am a little bit drunk at the moment , so i am not that confident if that sounds clear  ), 
  to be honest , just go to the nations that are gay-friendly , like germany or france ( i have no real clue about how open france is in that matter ) . 
  depending on the area you choose your center of life , you will encounter more or less muslims in your daily life . 
  there are centers where most rather fundamental muslims life , just do n't go there . 
  depending on your level of education , you can just move in either to a suburb that would probably more cheap , or in a better stituated area in the city . 
  the muslims you might encounter there are normally more open and give a damn about you being not muslim anymore or that you are gay . 
  well , one difining book was `` br\u00fcder l\u00f6wenherz '' ( the brother 's lionheart ) from astrid lindgrin . 
  it is one of my view memories when i was rather young and how it was read to me . 
  i loved it in special because my older sister liked it :d . 
  apart from that , i started rater late to enjoy reading , it started really with harry potter when i was maybe 11 . 
  where are human rights in your constitution as such ? 
  i had a course about the ammendments and they do n't equal full protection of human rights . 
  as long as there is for example solidary confinment ( which is seen as torture in most places ) for example , you ca n't say you habe proper human rights . 
  put the damn human rights into your constitution . 
  sign the human right treaties all together and enforce them . 
  edit : also get rid of the election system that makes a two-party-system unavoidable . 
  also , stop electing your judges , it is insane that people in the judiciary have to do elections that costs millions . 
  depends of the route i take to get to university .
