  the law can be proposed by the government , out of the middle of the bundestag , or by the bundesrat . 
  after the law was voted for in the bundestag , there are two options how to proceed . 
  if the new law touches fields that the constitution difines to be need of approval of the bundestag ( in general fields where the states are especially affected ) , the law is given to the bundesrat and they have a set amount of time to respond . 
  if they do n't respond or disagree , a mediation comitee is formed . 
  if the mediation comitee has n't found a solution , the bundesrat can dicide if they want to hold up their veto of the law , and if yes , the law is dead . 
  if the mediation comitee has a new midigating proposal , this will be given to the bundestag , who can dicide about it again , and if they agree , they give the law again to the bundesrat , who , when they agree here , can pass the law . 
  if they do n't agree , the law is dead . 
  the other form of law is where the bundesrat has only a right to appeal a law . 
  a law that is dicided by the bundestag is given to the bundesrat . 
  the law passed as long as the bundesrat does not appeal the law in a set amount of time . 
  if they appeal , the mediaton comitee is formed again . 
  if there is new proposal , the law is given to the bundestag who can dicide if they want to agree to the changes . 
  if they do , the law is given again to the bundesrat , who have again time to appeal . 
  if they appeal again , the law can still pass as long as the bundestag overrule the decision by the bundesrat with a greater majority than the bundesrat appealed it . 
  if the bundestag is able to do so , the law is passed . 
  so , while the bundestag has more power in contrast to the bundesrat , the bundesrat still has quite alot of relevance . 
  but honestly , i think this is a pretty weak argument . 
  the living out of pedophilic urges is based on the fact that they have the pschologic condition to be pedophiles , not because they consumed loli-hentai . 
  it 's rather the other way around , they consume loli-hentai because they are pedophile . 
  and because of that , i think such form of hentai can be actually a ventil for them to get off some of their inner heat , instead of cultivating it in a form that really lead to disaster . 
  short answer , no . 
  long answer : i can see the opportunity since the us is always quite the bully in international agreements and basically use their position to get what they want , even when the agreement turns out extreamly one-sided ( well , all bigger nations tend to do that , but the us is an extreme for of that . ) . 
  maybe , in order to recover from trump , the us may have to be more compromising in the futur , maybe even start to accept some of the international courts ( even when that is rather whishful thinking ) . 
  but : in general , it is more usefull if all parties in a situation like this here agree to cooperate , since every party that tries to fight against it causes disturbances that can set the aimed outcome into perril . 
  and cooperation is in gemeral ( there are important expetions though ) always prefereable to confrontation, 
  that said , after `` the betrayel of schmidt '' , when the fdp just broke apart of the current coalition to basically end the reign of ( afterwards seen as the ) most popular chancellor ever , the fdp got a hugh image-problem , as they were now seen as the pushovers . 
  since that point , the fdp became the standard-partner of the cdu , while the new founded greens became the partner of the spd . 
  i was in the lecture for tax-law and even yet , i have no real clue :d . 
  it is just to complicated ( at least as long as yo ureally mean the complete tax-system ) . 
  if you look only at the sales-tax , than it is always already included in the price-tag , and only if you want a full-fledged bill ( and not only the receit you get in the store ) , there , it is shown how much sales-tax was actually included . 
  only metro and similar companies that are specialized in selling to shop-owners have price-tags without sales-tax . 
  the rest , there are just to much different kinds of taxes , dues , general social security-payments , and other stuff that i could write an essay about all of them ( if i understood them properly ), 
  also not from germany . 
  there is basically a unisono `` fuck this guy '' - mentality . 
  hm , despite that we have to votes in germany , one for our direct district-representative , the other for the proportion , nobody really cares who their representative is . 
  everybody votes their direct representative because of his party and not because of his person ( rare cases are of course an exeption , so , i think , in merkel 's district for example , they vote deliberatly for her ) . 
  the representatives on the other hand seems not really to care for their district that much as well . 
  we do n't have a memorial-day at all . 
  there are memorials all over germany dedicated for the dead of wwii , mostly including a list of the people of that area that died during this war , but apart from that , nothing really happens . 
  i ca n't remember any stray dogs or cats ever . 
  there are a few wildcats that , as far as i know , are domestic in our forests , but you hards ever see them . 
  the best way to notice them is if you have a not-neutered cat and she gives birth to a half-wildcat :d . 
  also , the nc will rise more and more so that students who might be gifted for this field of study ca n't get in because they had a few problems in the abitur . 
  i think you mean something like the german aprenticeship system . 
  germany has mostly not a system like your high school where all kids are in one school , but three different kind of schools depending on acadamic abilities and the future job . 
  the one that is aiming for a university ( hochschule ) or a university of applied science ( fachhochschule ) visit the gymnasium , but these institution are mostly bared for the kids of these other forms of school . 
  they generally move from the school into an apprenticeship ( which i think you mean as vocational system ) . 
  these apprenticeships are done in colobartion between a company ( that give the youths on-hand-experience in their futur field ) and a `` berufsschule '' ( trade school ) organized by the chamers of industry and comerce . 
  in the berufsschule , the kids get theoretical skills they need in their job . 
  a normal apprenticeship takes three years ( if you finished gymnasium than only two ) during which you work half-time in the company and half-time in the berufsschule . 
  you finish it with an exame that gives you an official title that prooves that you are now skilled in that field . 
  such apprenticeships are possible in basically every line of work , from cleaners , painters , carpenter , shoemaker , orthopedic shoemaker , physiotherapists , etc. 
  basically , everything you do n't need a university-degree for can be learned in such an apprentice-ship . 
  the step after the apprentice-ship is the `` meister '' ( master ) . 
  to become a meister in your field , you have to learn in a meisterschule ( master school ) , have to show espeical high skill in your field of work , you have to proove that you have high knwoledge of the backgrounds of your work ( my stepsister is a meister-barber and has to know the chemical compounts and reactions of the stuff she uses for example ) . 
  when you have the master , you can accept apprentices yourself , also , a few jobs still require a master to run your own company in that field . 
  so , about the stigma : well , university-degrees are still more liked and have regularly a better pay . 
  that said , due to the fact that these people still went on to have further schooling , they are not really stigmatised . 
  depending on the apprenticeship , they are highly specialised and really a master of their field . 
  i would never look down on my physiotherapist for example , or my orthopedic shoemaker . 
  but also , if you are a meister , you are normally also respected . 
  well , i went to school at a katholic school . 
  therefor , it started with the complete year and the families went to church . 
  after that , we met in the auditorium and got the usual speeches . 
  after that , each student were called up to the stage and got their certificate . 
  while we went up , music we could sort out ourself was played . 
  i dicided for example for thomas godoj `` helden gesucht '' ( hero 's wanted ) :d . 
  after that , there was a champagne reception where the year younger than us served us . 
  after that , we went home first to meet at the usual prom . 
  and the thing with the cars : that happens a few weeks priorly , during the `` abiturstreich '' ( graduation-prank ), 
  yeah , we have this show as well , i think it is called `` im revier '' . 
  they follow cops , but also all other kind of police , for example toll-officers . 
  the other show that is quite liked is `` auf streife '' where police-officers react real police-cases that was reconstructed by the police-reports . 
  as a law-student , i like this show quite alot xd . 
  yeah . 
  one friend of mine switched to 9th grade to salem , but came back a year later . 
  according to him , it was a drug and alcohol-mess . 
  but to be honest , he quite often lied when he tried to cover up some shortcomings of himself , so no clue if that is true or not . 
  edit : and i hate federalism in school-law . 
  i switched states 2 times during my school time and it was a mess . 
  while the complete overview is good , i think there are a few terms that should be translated differently to convy the idea better :  realschule : less interlectual , only 6 years , graduants can apply for almost all internships ( usually craftsmenship ) . 
  internship is a `` praktikum '' , something you do n't need really any certification for . 
  what you mean is an apprenticeship ( ausbildung ) . 
   country ( province ) you mean state . 
  country is a level smaller . 
  depends on whom you are talking about . 
  the public broadcaster are generally seen as pretty indipendend and reliable and there is quite alot of public trust that they are accurate and at least accaptably well researched . 
  with the private news media , it really depends about whom and what theme . 
  the bild , our version of the sun , is known to be quite pupulistic and not very well researched ( `` 10 dead in shooting , the bild was first to interview the dead ! '' ) . 
  nontheless , they have some good sources within the ministries so that sometimes , bombshells come public in there first . 
  the other news-outlets have their known biases . 
  as long as you regard that while reading ( an in special read several newspapers with different biases ) , you get a pretty good overview of the stiuation . 
  well , to be fair , the christian belief is also quite illiberal when he is interpreted by fundamentalists ( look at the us ) . 
  i would argue that the us-fundamenralist would just fir as little in our society as fundamental muslims . 
  that said , i agree that fundamenral muslims do n8t belong here , while the people that see islam just as liberal as the normal europeans see christianity , . that is perfectly fine with me . 
  well , one part is of course good old xenophobia , but that is clearly not the complete truth . 
  at least in germany , the first movement of immigrants from the middle east were the turks , and in special the uneducated and `` hillbilly '' turkes that come deep from the turkish countryside that was , for parts , a hundret years behind our time , with poor education and alot of religion . 
  these people were not properly intigrated since it was planned to send them back as soon as they were done with their work . 
  but instead , they stayed , and basically had already established their own little world in germany where alot of them did n't had to know a word of german and where fundamental religiouse beliefe could florish . 
  also , the upbringing in special of boys was a mixture of to be too yielding ( the idea of the little pasha-upbringing a turksih coworker of my mother likes to discribe it ) where the parents set their boys very little limits , while , when the kid reches a limit , the answer is rather harsh with corporal punishment .
