  that is why it has to be read with the guidelines set forth by the constitional court . 
  if you read it without it , it is stupid , if you read it with it , it is sensible . 
  but since it would actually take some time and understanding of a legal system of a nation that is pretty high for example in the freedom of press index ( by the way , much higher than the us ) , it is easier to dismiss the complete system , 
  because it would be a violation of the constutition to just go against inciting speech that is done with specific idologies in mind . 
  we ca n't say `` only inciting speech that is promoting radical islam and fighting for the jihad '' should be illegal since that would be a violation of the freedom of opinion and expression , not to mention the constitutional principle of equality . 
  thus , the only legal way to do so is by actually making the method of spreading hatred the target , because that a methode that can be used by all kind of groups from all over the political spectrum . 
  with that , you can target islamists without any problem , but also radical right-wingers phantasysing about burning down refugee homes . 
  well , first of all , the state prosecuter is the master of the proceedings , meaning that he ultimatly dicides what is brought to court and what not . 
  he is legally obliged to bring things to court that he things will most likly end in an conviction . 
  because of that , it is a combination of two systems working together . 
  because the courts are bound by the decisions of the constitutional court , they will most likly not prosecute someone that does not fit the criteria . 
  because they most likly would not prosecute , the state prosecutor would drop the case and would n't bring it up to court . 
  and about the terror attack : i have n't heard of a case where suspicion that a terror-attack was done by islmists would get you prosecuted . 
  if something like that happend ( i do n't follow all the cases , just the landmark decisions , because , well , i have to learn other parts of the law as well xd ) , than it has to be embedded in ohter inciting comments , like `` again a terrorist attack , we should finally start to burn mosques down '' or anything like that . 
  another thing i could imagine that , if there is a story like with this girl that was allegidly raped by muslims , but that actually were just false claims , but that is spread in an inciting mannor , adding more and more false claims about the situation while spreading it , that might be actually inciting to hatred . 
  to analyse something like that , it is really difficult without knowing the exact wording of the statements , since the discription `` implying muslims were behind a terror attack '' could easily mean `` oh my god , probably a muslim , we have to keep them more in check '' or `` muslim attack !, 
  they are after us !, 
  we have to fight against them now ! '', 
  the kids that killed themselves due to cyber-bullying . 
  the people that lost their jobs because someone framed them with their boss that he did something illegal . 
  or people that did n't got a job because there were lies told about them on the internet . 
  people who 's relationship were destroyed tue to photos that were posted without consent . 
  german law-student here : this statement would be perfectly fine , nobody would be able to prosecute anything with that . 
  due to the invasive nature of the incitment to hatred laws , they have to be used very restrictivly , and since this comment you gave is perfectly fine to create a discussion about it , even when it is controversial , is perfectly legal . 
  the german law does not prohbit certain ideas , like that muslims do not fit in our society . 
  it just prohibit certain forms to spread this idea , meaning either comments that are solely used to spread hatred or lampoons to diminish others in a unbearable intensity ( for example , there was the case where a ultra-right-wing book critic critisised a jewish author in a manner that made it clear he did n't read the book as all , but just diminished that person ) . 
  to add to what was said , this would n't be seen as insult as well . 
  the state prosecuter would rather laugh at you if you try to press charges about such a comment , even when it would be filled , it would be dropped immidiatly . 
  that is why the us is in the freedom-of-press-index on place 43 with an index of 23.88 while gemany is at place 16 with an index of 14.97 ? 
  because the us is so much more free to say whatever they want ? 
  every law sounds redicioulus if you take it on its own without any further system to back it up . 
  this law is , due to being restrictive of a fundamental right of democracy , widly discussed by the constitutional court and has to be read restrictive and in the thight boundaries the constitutional court set for it . 
  every step outside of these boundaries ( you do n't read in the text of the law ) by the government makes their action unconstitutional , and thus , the law not applicable for these cases . 
  so , since you are only arguing with the exact wording , thereby ignoring the system behind it , your argumentation become void and meaningless . 
  german law-student here : generally your comment is not true . 
  the only way this could be true would be with comments when there is a one-liner about for example a rape occuring and you use this to write a page-long article how another refugee raped their way through public , even when you have not the slightest idea if it was a refugee or not . 
  but just saying `` was probably a refugee '' is not enough at all . 
  from the moment they lodge themselves in the uterus the human life is granted some human rights . 
  that said , as it is still developing life , it is not fully protected yet . 
  but since i assume you try to make an anti-abortion-thing out of it , aborition is still legally possible up to the 14th week of pregnancy , if it is medically indicated for the safty of the mother even later . 
  but that has nothing to do with a strange made-up-word you tried to create in order to make it sound like nazism . 
  hm , difficult . 
  the best source i know of is beck-online . de , the problem here is that they have a rather high-priced paywall and i can only access it using my university-account . 
  what you can do is looking through the cases in this link : https://dejure.org/dienste/lex/stgb/130/1.html it is a collection of court-rulings about this law . 
  as a little explination of the links you will see there . 
  the different cases are linked with their file number . 
  when you see in the beginning bverfg , it means it is a decision by the constitutional court . 
  bgh is the highest court for civil matters , but also for criminal cases . 
  olg , lg and ag are , in diclining order , the lower courts for civil and criminal matters . 
  bverwg on the other hand is the highest court for cases in governmental law , they are normally called upon in these cases when demonstrations were forbidden because the demonstration could fulfill the law of incitment of hatred . 
  as you can see , alone in this collection there are more than 650 cases , so it might be quite some work to look through these . 
  it does not need to be a unfettered free expression in these systems , it is enough that the speech that is now prevented were possible in these systems . 
  it has no effect what other speech was prohibited in that time , as long as this form of speech was free to be used , it is perfect for my argument , since my argument bases on the experience made during these transitions of democratic systems into dictatorships . 
  first , democracy is not that old so it is not possible to say it for every nation , also , most nations , at least in europe , actually adopted these restrictions of free speech as germany has them , thus there are not that many examples for this kind of freedom . 
  but nazi 's is a good example , or , or erdogan who used , when he still used democratic tools , by inciting against kurds and later against basically everyone he saw as enemy . 
  or putin who used incitment against nato and the southern muslims to increase his power . 
  for the us , basically the complete fox-channel , climacing into trump , who has clearly anti-democratic ideas and values , who acts like he thinks he would already run a facist regime , who just failed to understand the steps he would have to take to really controle the nation . 
  actually , as far as i know , there are not really any more nations that have really this level of freedom of speech than the us . 
  thus , the list is already at an end . 
  edit : so , now the ball is on your side to show me where such complete freedom actually worked  . 
   free speech means walking a very fine yeah , it is a fine line . 
  and because of this , there are quite a few dicisions by the constitutional court in order to define this line more and more to prevent abuse by the government . 
  the thing is , germany has a very well trusted constitutional court , and i agree thus far , without such a court , i would n't trust any government in the world with such power . 
  but because we have this court , this law is not widly abused . 
  so , when there is high treason , there is no special victim . 
  when there is social fraud , there is no specific victim . 
  resistance against police-force , accepting bribery in public office , etc. 
  all crimes without specific victims as they are crimes against the public order . 
  should we eredicate all of these from our criminal code ? 
   how is this criterion defined ? 
  basically , the holocaust deniers have in common that they ignore quite substancial amount of evidence that point in the opposit direction , either claim they are forged or so on . 
  the idea is when you have the mass-gaves near enough that you can get there , you have mountains of files about murdered people , you have mass-graves , that , at one point , the acknowledgement that something happend is a given . 
  that said , yes , it was even acknwledge that the inclusing of this as a crime breaks part of the constitution , and it was argued by the idea that the basic law is a counter-concept of nazism , and the fact that germany did n't had many choice when this crime was established as it was demanded by the allied forces . 
  after the application of this law became rather deep in german law , the existance was rather justified . 
  that said , especially due to the history how this very law was created , it is nearly impossible that anything new would be added into this law , or at least it is impossible without the constitutional court breaking to a point where the constitution becomes completly worthless . 
  well , here we disagree , since exactly such wrong claims , used as a tool , can be the end of democracy . 
  i layed that argument already out pretty broadly . 
  there is no reason for me why actual lying in order to create more hatred against a minority should be portected and several reasons why it should be prosecuted . 
  there are only two scenarios really possible : 1 : you have unrestricted right of speech . 
  than , this speech can , and eventually will , be used as it happend before , to create a propaganda-wave to sweap over the current government . 
  all it takes is a ( real or constructed ) diar situation of the nation and someone the public is happy to blame for . 
  it can be jews , it can be g\u00fclen-follower , it can be muslims , it can be invasive nato , everything that you can incite against is fitting . 
  factualy experience have prooven that the `` battle of ideas '' as propagated by the us , that only the truth or the higher valued idea will survive is simply false , an idological dream . 
  if someone more capable of trump attempts this , he will make sure to have support within the judiciary ( or reconstruct the judiciary quicky ) and in the police-force , so that the unrestricted rights on paper are completly worthless because a dicatorship was sucessfully implimented . 
  2 : the state has , very restrictivly implemented , rights not to prevent ideas , but to use speech to incite hatred . 
  this would prevent these movements to use the main tool of incitment without preventing them to actually try to argue , just preventing them to do purposly wrong claims to incite even more . 
  generally , this prevents extremists trying establish dictatorships while these who actually jurst argue without these tools can still say whatever they want . 
  this has to be thightly controlled by courts , and the way to the constitutional court has to be open for these who are accused , to make sure that the law was not abused by the state . 
  this way , a balance between the essential tools of freedom of speech stay as they are while the abuse of these rights are limited . 
  yes , the state prosecuter works with the law , but they are also the one that bring the case in front of the court , and if they do n't do it , the court is not able to dicide upon it . 
  of course , if there are victims , they can actually fight against a injustly dropped case , but as soon as there is a crime against the public , there is not special victim with that right . 
  and thus , the state prosecuter can dicide for themselves , even when it is wrong . 
  the yes , the mosque of the al-nur-mosque is actually an organisation that ca n't be criminally liable , but the imam can and was found guilty of incitment to hatred . 
  and you wo n't find me saying that incitment of hatred is ok if it is done by a migrant . 
  if you read my comments again you will see that i think this decision by the state-prosecuter was wrong and that this turk should have been criminally liable . 
  edit : by the way , i am a law-student , thus i actually experience the differences of the different courts depending of the area talking about . 
  that is in special annying since i study in cologne , where the courts on the first , second and thrid level ( amtsgericht / landgericht / oberlandesgericht ) are known to be quite lenient and nice , they are regularly critiqued for . 
  but who should file slander ? 
  slander can only be against a specific person , or a specific group , not against all muslims . 
  there is simply no specific victim that would have a right to sue .
