  it is about a economical hazard in part of the european environment . 
  so what is strange to discuss that on this sub ? 
  first : i agree that the german constitutional courts might be one of the best and most trusted courts out there . 
  i have the highest regards for this institution and its mostly wise rulings . 
  but i do n't really see how this is something for the constitutional court . 
  the legal basis for reducing of nitrate in the ground water is european law - so the ecj is the one to do that . 
  it could be argued that there is a legal duty for germany to do that out of their state-goal of ecological restructuring within the constitution , but that barely creates a legal ground for such a case . 
  i am still impressed at that boy that he did n't cracked up laughing after the first line . 
  that is profesionallism in mini-format . 
  / u/geotritoni is right though . 
  childhood is as long as you not reached puperty . 
  after that , you are not a child anymore and having a sexual relationship with you is not pedophil . 
  between the start of puperty and the reaching of adulthood , you are an juvenile and an attraction to that age is called hebephilia . 
  so , 15 is not a child anymore , but a juvenile and therefor it is factually wrong to call someone having sex with her a pedo . 
  yeah . 
  you have to be pretty hardcore when can write that freely in that langauge though ( probably he gave that to some latin professor for translation :d ) . 
  it remembered me when , in 7th grade , we gave our latin-teacher a good by ( she got retired ) in the form of a little theatre-play in latin and she gave us a thank-you speach just at the spot completly in latin . 
  i never expected that he has such a great ponounciation of the german words . 
  it sounds a little bit drunk though and at a few words , the british accent come through , but still , really impressive . 
  even when i like those two langauges as well ( in special as a german :d , even when you can hardly understand anything when they sing in german ) , i love the songs in latin . 
  my favorite opera is carmina burana and my most favorite christmas-song is adeste fidelis ( forget all these translations of that , only latin shows its true beauty ! ), 
  i needed the help of my mother to translate it ( i really sucked at latin ) . 
  it is basically a thank you letter about how he was helping the latin language with this song . 
  but you should look up the meaning of these latin words . 
  i realy like ode to joy , but the lyrics have no really a meaning that connects it with europe . 
  the song-writer did here a wonderful job though to create a text that really fits the ideals of a united europe . 
  i linked the text here as well , or you just look in the discription of the video . 
  germany . 
  section 176 : child abuse :  whosoever engages in sexual activity with a person under fourteen years of age ( child ) ... sextion 182 : abuse of juveniles  whosoever abuses a person under eighteen years of age ... 
  my latin was just enough to recognize that this does not had the usual lyrics of ode to joy , so i looked the youtube link up and i just want to share with you the translation of this wonderful lyrics : stanza 1  europe is united now  united it may remain ;  our unity in diversity  may contribute to world peace . 
  stanza 2  may there forever reign in europe  faith and justice  and freedom for its peoples  in a greater motherland stantza 3  citizens , europe shall flourish ,  a great task calls on you . 
   golden stars in the sky are  the symbols that shall unite us . 
  better formulation : when they officially announced to stop sending people back to the state of first registration as it is regulared in dublin . 
  ( what was generally interpreted as merkel 's invitation to the world , even when this was never part of her speach ) . 
   merkel seems to take unilateral decisions that affect the whole eu . 
  but that is only possible because a big part of the eu is standing behind her , just let her do the frontrunning-job . 
  we see in cases like a joint policy for dealing with immigrants that , if that is not the case , germany has not that much power . 
  the times when germany was strong was during the greek crisis where most northern nations shared germany 's opinion ( varoufacis often spoke about feeling isolated in these talks , 27 against 1 ) and when germany cancled dublin . 
  but that canceling of dublin only worked because of the broken way dublin worked and that the mechanisms of doublin were already failing completly , the system of `` processed where registered first '' was already gone to hell by people walking out of overstraigned greece and merkel only announced it when even hungary could n't hold them anymore and they were factually comming , no matter what the law said . 
  and currently during brexit : merkle 's and generally germany 's voice is so much noticed because it is big , but also because a big part of the european nations again stand behind her in the firm stance against may , and because the brexiteers said that germany would force the rest of the eu to give the uk a favorite deal to protect its car manufatcurers , so it was not really germany to step in the spot-light , but rather the brexiteers that dragged germany there again . 
  do n't missunderstand me , germany , as the economically strongest nation with the biggest population of the eu is one nation with great influence and is taking a leading-role in the eu , but the eu was purposly designed that germany ca n't act or decide anything without the backening of a lot of other states that , even when they let germany be the frontrunner ( in order to let them be blamed for everything that does not work perfect ) , germany is far away to really dominate europe as much as people tend to believe . 
  to be honest , i would like to see the anthem used more often - and not only during the times of actual celebrating something in connection with europe but also during the hardships . 
  for example - after the attacks in paris , the french anthem was played at some places , for example concerts hall . 
  despite the irony to play at such a moment `` ode to joy '' , i think it would symbolice more that these situations are not only french ( or any other nation that has similar incidents ) anymore , but that situations like that hit every single european at once and that this is a situation where we are not only standing at the side with france and its sorrow , but we are one with france ( or any nation where such things happens next ) . 
  and i think , the european anthem helps to increase the feeling of unity . 
  i would even like to see , if something like that ever happens again - a flashmob all over europe where musicians make something like a european-wide play of this song at the same time - showing the diversity of europe by using people of all genders , colors and religions , to show that such attacks will not seperate us , but rather unifies us . 
  and just the satirical potentials !, 
  with clinton , there are just a few jokes , maybe about her cheating husband or the mails , but that 's basically it . 
  with trump , there is really commedic gold , every day a new joke - every day a new desaster !, 
  we can see the world explode laughing !, 
  i was there a couple of years ago , a really wonderful place !, 
  just be careful while going around the lake , one wrong steps by some stones and you go bathing :d edit : i think the stones in question are even visible in this picture . 
  in the center , right where the yellow leafes are . 
  yeah - because every terrorist has the word `` terrorist '' tattooed on his forehead so that we can identifiy them with a little look on . 
  or we let them simply drown - it is not that much of a problem that thousands of innocent people drown with them , is n't it ? 
  or we just let them stay in syria where the terrorist can do their stuff - the inncoent knew that they would die by the hands of extremists when they decided to be born in the wrong nation , did n't they ? 
  or we leave them in the overcrowded and underfunded refugee-camps in the neighbouring nations , where people do n't know how to get enough food , where the children miss years of education so that they are hopless and easy targets for terrorists , where their monetary backening to support themselves melts away and they have no chance to work because their workplaces are put into hostage by isis , that is a good solution for the humanitarian crisis !, 
  but i have to honor that she admitted that she fucked up by ignoring the problem for too long until it exploded . 
  in special under the pressure she is on , that was a bold ( and good ) move , not denying that it was right to help , but to say that we helped in the wrong way by waiting too long . 
   yet in germany , you will be hard pressed to find a single turk in a university ?? 
  i study law in cologne and we have a big group of turks in every single semester . 
  you can gat quite the idea how many since they create normally a block of students sticking together all the time . 
  there is a new law-proposal that becomming part of the is is a sufficient to revoke the german nationality as long as the person will not became state-less since the constitution forbids the creation of stateless-ness at all . 
  as far as i see it , he has no real alter ego , rather a big viarity of things he tries and does . 
  just look at the videos already linked her from him . 
  there is one rap , one country-song and one rammstein-parody . 
  his show-concept seems for me just as mixed as his music-performances . 
  i mainly do n't like him as well , but he has a sometimes a diamond in his show ( wich i watch than on youtube to not have to watch the rest though ) . 
  this is one of the good parts , also his song about refugee is still one of ma favorites . 
  if he would talked about isis , it woudl be one thing ( but very bigot since family-members of his run a hospital to care for wounded is-soliders and just recently they started to get in trouble with each other ) . 
  he refered to groups that are listed in turkey as terroristic groups , but not in the rest of the world . 
  and since one of the demands the eu gave erdogan was to revise the turkish terrorist-policies in order to get this so wanted visa-free traveling in europe , you can see how the eu nations thinks of his terror-list . 
  to be honest , i do n't watch him that often since he sometimes hit the mark for me , but often i ca n't stand him , so it is a bit difficult to say that perfectly . 
  i think he is more left than colbert , but that is mostly because our political spectrum is generally more left-shifted than the us-one . 
  the thing is - the abolishment of the crimen maiestatis will not change much since we still have the crime of insulting , and the crimen maiestatis is just the basic insulting-law with a special crime-subject . 
  so , whenever there is a basis for a crimen maiestatis , there is a basis for a charge of insult as well . 
  these laws only differ a little bit in the maximum punishment , but in practice , both would probably just lead to the same fine . 
  there is also a different procedure in these two laws . 
  where you have to sent a request ot the government to start an investigation for the crimen maiestatis , you can demand an investigation for insulting without any restirictions all the time from every place on earth . 
  so , the abolishment of the crimen maiestatis is rather symbolic than anything other and it will stop to cause political outcry if the government has to decide to pass it or not , but there is not much difference to the legal reality . 
  was n't it regan who played born in the usa in one of his reallies not realizing that it was us-criticising ? 
  i think it is basically the same here :d, 
  i do n't know what is funnier , that video or the fact that it is shared on r/the _ donald and gets upvotes there :d ( okay , not as much as the usual stupid stuff there ) . 
  edit : another good clip of him about the refugee-crisis : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmqkv5ctuoy i often do n't like what b\u00f6hmermann is doing , but when he hit the right note , he makes it perfect :d . 
  it is basically the same here . 
  if you call this a fee or a tax is basically the same , it just means that there is a structure in place that basically creates a state-funding ( with obligatory fees collected by the state - just like a purpose bound tax ) where the state has no power to direct the flow of the money . 
  that is now just nomenclatur . 
  the state makes the fee obligatory for everyone to pay , it collects the fee , it created the laws that set out the organization , etc. 
  so , in all the nature of these , they are payed and organized by the government , just with safeguards to protect the indipendence of the journalists by providing the strucutre for the journalists to get funded without the possibility to intervene easily . 
  and that is exactly how i understood this newsroom should be . 
  that they get a certain set of money the union ca n't interfer in who will get what , but rather by an intipendend board . 
  if you do this by fee or using real tax-money does not make that much of a different as long as these safe-guards are there . 
  ehm , the german public television works on exact the same basis . 
  yeah , there were a few little scandals , but overall , these tv-stations do quite a good job and are regularly very cirtical about the german state and its organs . 
  so , it works , there just have to be a system in place to prevent political interventions to safeguard the indipendence of these journalists . 
  if you do something not knowing if , but you do it nontheless , it is dolus eventualis ( i shoot with a unaccurate gun at someone a distance away , i ca n't know if it will hit , but i do n't care ) , but that is also something that has to be prooven by the court . 
  if the court did n't discuss this subjective part of the crime properly , than they failed to deliver a proper decision and they have to redo it . 
  edit : forgot to mention , dolus eventalis is treated as normal intent , so full punishable . 
  in germany , parents have a right of religion over their children until they turne religiouse indipendent , which happens at 14 . 
  after that , parents have no legal right to determine anything about religion in context with their children .
