  which seas do europe border ? 
  what is the biggest mountain in europe ? 
  name at leaste two mountain-chains of europe . 
  yeah , she is . 
  actually , i got at least one of the signed books of her when i solved the monthly riddle on her website that she had at that time and than won the lottery of the winners :d . 
  when you really like her work , you should read this as well : https://www.amazon.de/das-l%c3%a4cheln-fortuna-historischer-taschenb%c3%bccher/dp/3404169441 l\u00e4cheln der fortuna was her first book , but she did n't publish her original version out of two reasons : it was too long for a not established author and she actually lost the original version during a computer-crash later on . 
  when she , years later , searched a cabinet , she came across a few disk of this very same skript that she thought she had lost , and now published it . 
  you will find very new characters she had to scrap for the original release , also a few plotlines and wonderful scenes ( also , an alternative ending ) . 
  yeah , most of gabbl\u00e9 's work is about the plantegenets , from the time of the black prince right up to henry viii. , she basically included every king of that time-line . 
  i think i will look into this `` the accursed kings '', 
  rebeca gabl\u00e9 - she is an author for historical novels , specialist in special to the english history ( but she also had a novel about otto i. ) . 
  i have several signed books of her and even a special edition about a not otherwise published alternative ending :d . 
  yeah , i understand this part of misrepresentation . 
  i actually looked forward to an ncis-episode that had part of the plot in germany , and what did they do ? 
  they bought lederhosen in berlin , went to an bavarian bierst\u00fcberl in berlin as well that looked rather like a french caf\u00e9 with a waitress in dirndle that served bavaraian beer , and than went into a club that had a big german flag hanging down like they do in the us with their stars and stripes . 
  edit : took out that the club looked like a porn-stage . 
  looked the scenes up again and it is just ugly , but nothing more, 
  for everyone who has also no clue about the imperial system here what i found over google : he is 1,77 m tall  . 
  i am 1,85 m ( 6 ' 1 '' ) , and i am quite happy with that . 
  if people around me are not happy with their height , they do n't tell me . 
  again , why do you ask this question like this than ? 
  you will not find many europeans who see him as a freedom-fighter , in special because there were stong voices prior to the invasion that iraq had no weapons of mass destruction ( among them german foreign minster joshka fischer who expressed these views during the munich security conference , one of the most important international conferences in existance ) . 
  why do you ask a two-way question if you are not satisfied when someone chooses the one you do n't like ? 
  stop asking if you only want to feel offended by the obviosue asnwers . 
  i would say anno and `` die siedler '' ( english title : the settlers ) . 
  that are the only one i played that i know of that are from germany :d, 
  well , if you have some coconut-milk-based sauce , you can either use different curries to get it in the one direction , or you can use peanut-butter ( in combination to actual peanuts ) to give lead it in another direction . 
  with that , it becomes more like a sate-sauce ( not really , but into this direction ) . 
  how is it to have a president you can make angry with tweets ? 
  i like it to season in special asian food , but i also ate it on bread as well . 
  actually , i just ate it yesterday after finding the started glass ( from the last asian-peanute-dish ) in the fridge and ate it together with jelly and it tasts quite nice . 
  i would never eat it with nutella though since it is really a combination that is too fat , but the mixture of the salty peanut-butter and the sweetnes of a nice rasperry-jelly is nice . 
  the bee-paragraphs are a curiosity that existed since the beginning of the bgb in 1900 . 
  and i looked it up , these laws regulating the ownership of bees exists since the 7th century in one form or another :d it just seems a little bit off when you know how the bgb works to see 4 paragraphs that are all about bees , how you loose your ownership of bees when they move out and you do n't hunt after them , how you have the right to traspess , how the legal situation is by mixing or seperation of bee swarms . 
  normally , such specific problems would be regularted in a different law , something like the `` ownership of bee '' - law , not within the main civil code . 
  because of that , these laws are known to basically every lawyer , because it is a good laugh when you browse through the civil code ( and sadly , if a examiner wants to be funny - he puts bees in his exame - . - ), 
  between `` every specialist '' and a , admittetly large , group of us specialists is not the same . 
  the us has a different apporach in a lot of economic themes , also in economic theory and science , so the fact that us-scientists wrote that means something , but not all of the world . 
  i do n't have the time right now to research exactlyhow the opinion were inside the eu , but i think they were more split here between worries and more hopeful predicionts . 
  i wo n't say that the euro was done perfect , a lot of politics made this worse ( in special nations like italy that pushed nations like greece into the monitary union ) , but in the end , it was something that was created to prevent speculators playing with our currencies . 
  our single currencies , and yes , even big ones like the franc or the dm was too small to really wistand a wide attack from the joggernaut-investors that gained a lot of money by deliberatly creating disturbance in a currency , to make it fall and than rise to their will . 
  the only defence was to create a currency that was that big that even these investors could n't distrub it easily . 
  that was why they switched from attacking currencies to attacking state-bonds . 
  because of that , i think we will develop , during my life-time , eurobonds , but only when there is a european financial system that prevent missuse by the memberstates . 
  wich is not really the matter in a representative democracy . 
  we have seen during brexit that the public is not really to be trusted with complex decisions , and the euro was a complex decision that you could only evaluate when you have time , knwoledge and specialists briefing you , something that `` otto normalverbraucher '' does not have . 
  if there is a referendum for complex topics , it is generally more about emotions than facts for the people , and where parliamentary democracy is not an ideal system ( even if it is the best one we know of today ) , this emotion based factless hysteria we see people get in during such high-emotional discussion is clearly the worst . 
  actually , kohl agreed to this so that the unification of germany could happen . 
  the euro was a major condition in special of france to let germany be whole again , they thought that germany 's power would be tied down to the union if they are part of a monitary union , that they would become the powerhouse of europe that could lift all of europe up thereby . 
  also , that was the reason why , in the end , there were no further reperations included in the two-plus-four treaty . 
  in the prior treaties about reperation for wwii , a big chunck of reperations we had to give out were postponed for a future peace-treaty which , de facto , was the two-plus-four-treaty ( and it is internationally acknwoledged that it was ) . 
  since this treaty did not include reperations , this chapter of international politics is closed . 
  but that was only possible since the parties thought that germany without reperations as part of the eu and the euro would be tied down and also provide financial backoning to the other states , so instead of paying one time a lot of money , germany pays into the eu , where it profits from the eu vise versa again . 
  ah , the good old bee-paragraphs of the bgb :d . 
  i think that is really one of the few quirks this most important german code of law has to offer . 
  as far as i know , these boards exist in german cities as well , and it is to prevent to much bad performances on the streets :d . 
  of course , there are a few expetions , so i doubt that the police will stop kids from playing without exame . 
  that said , from what i saw in tv , you only have to go to these offices and make a little audition , showing that you are able to actually perform music , and than you get the license . 
   broad spectrum i would n't really call their spectrum broad , it is just that they turned from economic liberal professors to full blown nazi 's in a really short time , so their aims also changed . 
  they are allowed ( and used ) for camping . 
  these things are not suitable for residency though . 
  and you can only park them in special camping grounds or special parking-spots . 
  if it survives the shipping  : https://youtu.be/nib3nltmeww?t=56, 
  well , the only thing i could think of at the moment is the after-show of the weekly `` presseclub '' . 
  the main part of this show are fourt to five journalist discussing a topic . 
  it is really informative and a good show . 
  after this main part , there is an additional show where people can call and ask questions to the journalists . 
  well , at least it was thought like that in berlin , but i think it is widly taught that way . 
  basically , our complete time we only translated written texts from latin to german . 
  we never spoke or did anything else than that . 
  i just googled and did n't find a case of a burning flag as such , but a mentioning that it belongs to freedom of speech ( as interpreted by the echr ) , but that does not mean that it ca n't be restricted . 
  i just looked it up and yes , germany has such a law as well . 
  out of my gut , i could imagine that , if this would ever go to trial , it would probably end up in front of the german constitutional court and / or the echr with a result that could be something on the line that fullfil this crime by burning a flag that is in public property , but you can burn as many flags you own personally as you want , but that is just a spontaniouse idea . 
  again , i do n't know of a case where this law was really applied and so , i do n't know of a case where it was challanged in front of one of these courts as well . 
  there are quite a few latin-teachers that speak latin fluent even when they just started to learn it in school ( at least two of my latin-teachers were able to do that ) . 
  i think the main problem is how latin is teached today , meaning only translating from latin to the native language , and that only in written form . 
  in the generation of my mother , they had to translate it in general in both ways , and it helped to deepen her understanding of the language drastically that she had to formulate that stuff herself . 
  actually , during holidays when she got sick and went to a pharmacy , the only langauge the pharmacist and she shared were latin , and she used to get the right treatment . 
  so , it is quite possible to learn latin even when you start later , just as you can learn basically every language later on . 
  would i want latin to be the new lingua franka ? 
  no , because it is not wide spread enough for that , and we would have now to make latin mandatory for every school-kid to create a suficient amount of people able to communicate for it to become a new lingua franka in 20-50 years . 
  ( as for clerification , i myself got my latium with a 4 out of pitty from my teachers :d . 
  but i nearly failed english in school as well and only learned to sufficiently communicate in english after the end of my school life . 
  i firmly believe that , when i made the same effort to be good in latin , i could now write and speak latin just as good ), 
  germany : pizza . 
  d\u00f6ner kebab is also high on the list , but there it is the question if it is really foreign since the version that is famouse was invented in berlin by turkish immigrants . 
  there were no communist nations in europe . 
  there were several socialist nations with the aim to become communism , but the lore was that these nations could never reach real communism as long as the poision of western capitalism still exists . 
  when the udssr ended , the nations either became full blown free capitalist states or social capitalist states , which is not socialism by the way . 
  i think there are two forms of muliculturalism . 
  the one is the seperated one , the other is the integrated . 
  in the seperated , the `` other '' cultures are forming little subcultures that live in their complete own bubble , basically form their own communities inside of the bigger community and have little connections with the rest of the nation . 
  this way , the people can basically continue their life as it was before they came into the new culture . 
  this form is , at least in my view , highly problematic since it does not enable a thighter contact between the cultures that would inhance cooperation and could prevent prejudices on both sides . 
  i think most social problems that happen in connection with immigration-backgrounds happen due to these seperate communities . 
  on the other side , intigrated multiculturalism can be wonderful . 
  that means that the people that come into another culture does not have to completly abonden their own culture and customs , but addapt them to the culture they want to be part of , and by having a lot of contact with their new home-culture , their own ways become part of the life of all the others . 
  there are so many example where that worked . 
  50 years ago , pizza was an unknown food in germany , but due to this form of intigration in germany of the italians , it is one of the most favorite foods . 
  same with the turks ( at least the part that intigrated ) that brought us the d\u00f6ner , now a national food as well .
