  the seats in the parliament are given out in combination of that . 
  as a german , it becomes more and more difficult to do so since a lot of people started to learn german ever since the bank-crash in the 2000s and in special after the greece desaster . 
  so , the feeling that you are safe with using your langauge for private discussion is not really that real for us anymore ( but still not as bad as if you speak english . ), 
  at least germany has that as well . 
  well , the german courts do have stricter view when it comes to `` think before you do '' and applying common sense . 
  i highly doubt that this case would have been won as long as the manufacturer did n't do something that implied that it is possible to dry your cat inside a microwave . 
  okay , possible , i honestly have no clue about hauptschule , as a gymnasiast , this was quite far from my reality . 
  i thought it was 10th grade , but i might be completly wrong . 
  and how do you thin incitment of hatred will solve any of these problems ? 
  erase half of humanity so we create less poisen for the climate ? 
  damn - nobody answered for germany already . 
  so well : germany has as secondary school mostly a three-way-system . 
  from 1 to 4th grade ( in some state 1 to 6th ) you are in elementary , all kids together . 
  depending on your acadamic archievments in your last year of elementary , your school will either give you a recomendation the parents are open to follow or will determine for you which way you can go later on ( depend again on the specific state ) . 
  there are three schools you can visit after elementary * hauptschule ( basic school ) : if you underperform in elementary , the hauptschule is your way . 
  the basic school is aimed for the most basic education you need to survive . 
  the goal is to prepare you for crafts and trades that does not need much formal knowledge . 
  this form of school provides classes until the 10th grade after which you graduate . 
  after that , you will look for an apprenticeship where your will continue your education . 
  * realschule ( real school ) : this is for the middle field . 
  you are also prepared mainly for craft and trades , but rather for office work . 
  a friend of mine who went there actually learned how to tipe 10 finger blind . 
  this is also only until 10th grade . 
  when you graduade here , you either look for an apprenticeship , try to change to the next hire form of school or you go in a special kind of school that trains you in a specific field so that you can go to univeristy later in that specific field . 
  this last kind of school takes aditional 2 - 3 years . 
  * gymansium ( no real translation , but it has nothing to do with the english gym ) : this school is for the kids that were good . 
  this school takes normally 12 years if you stay in it to the end ( you can leave at every time after the 10th grade ) and the main goal is to prepare you for university . 
  when you finish this school , you have the abitur ( general university-ability ) , meaning you can enter every german university ( in theory ) . 
  also , some apprenticeships demand an abitur ( for example to become a pilot ) . 
  after this , it becomes really complicated :d for aprenticeships : * if you do an apprenticeship , this is always acompanied with a formal education in the so called `` berufsschulen '' ( job-schools ) where you have to be trained , apart from the necessary stuff for your specific job , in different fields . 
  so , more language-classes , finance-classes , and more specialist stuff i do n't really much about as a university student . 
  * if you have an abitur , you can also do a dual apprenticeship that combines an apprenticeship , including berufsschule , with a university-degree . 
  you will get a lot of knowledge and experience , but you wo n't have any form of life for several years . 
  for universities : * there is the normal university . 
  it is highly intellectual and very theoretical . 
  it aims to give you a detailed and in depth knowledge of your subject . 
  most subjects have now batchelor-master , only law , madicin and education still have so called state exames to pass to finish this university . 
  * but there is also the fachhochschule ( university of applied science ) that is often looked down upon by university-students . 
  this university of applied science is aimed to give a little bit more shallow view of the subject you want to study , but is more about the practical usage of the subject . 
  so where a university student my learn the most basic anatomic structure of the material he works with , the student of the university of applied science learns more how to use that thing . 
  both forms have their place and their advantages and disadvanteges . 
  i stand behind the incitment of hatred laws that we have pretty much everywhere in europe . 
  and advocating for genocide is the most extreme case of incitment of hatred and it has nothing to do in a modern society , but it is the best way to lead a nation back to facism . 
  if a talented talker is able to sway people with speach based on spite and hatred , this is the best way to doom , is it a imam in a mosque calling for jihad or a right wing western nutjob calling for the eradication of another group of people . 
  i always cringe when i hear that - it sounds so wrong and stupid . 
  also , i heard it the first time when i was already a late teen - after living in both frankonia and berlin , i literally needed to ask for month what they mean before i learned it . 
  at the moment : trump and a big part of the republican party . 
  edit : also , the complete thing with not signing fundamental human right treaties . 
  really , you ca n't sign the children 's rights act because it is so important for you to inprison kids for a life-time ( okay , the original reason was because you still want to sentence children to death , but that was outruled by the constitutional court as unjust ) . 
  no , not really , he just wanted to make sure go be on the winning site by allying with russia , italy and i think england against france . 
  well , we learned the time before wwi , german 's reunification under bismark and how bismark basically planned to prepare any war by making alliances all over the place , than how the kaiser stepped in , kicked bismark out and changed plans by also demanding germany 's share of colonies until everybody hated him . 
  but we also learned how this complete `` germany is at faul '' thing was mostly a post-wwi legend imposed by the victoriouse parties to give a reason to germany pay for the reperations . 
  it was thought that , at that time , basically all parts were in a tensed feeling and that there was something like war-hunger among big parts of europe , and that the more the tension and querrels about the colonies rised , the more europe became an bomb that went off with the murder of that austrian prince . 
  so , basically , the complete system of europe was at fault for wwi and nobody was the good guy , but all were just equally bad . 
  it was also discussed how the aftermath of wwi layed the foundation of hitler and the third reich and how they were connected with each other . 
  regularly , but it becomes more and more prominent since more special-interest unions started to get power - instead of the company wide unions of the past . 
  most notable are the marburger bund that only protect the physisians , but no other part of hospital personell , cockpit for pilots , and the gdl for train-drivers . 
  there were notions though to limit the right of strike only to the biggest union of a company to prevent situations like the past where one rather small union ( the gdl ) basically broke apart germany 's rail-service to get better deals than the main union of the company . 
  it was basically a inter-union fight among the superiority that caused a insane loss for the complete nation ( the gdl-leader became one of the publicly most hated persons for a while ) . 
  so , yeah , strikes can cause a hell lot of problems . 
  well , that could create a hell lot of problems for the store . 
  if they are cought , they could loose their license to sell alcohol . 
  :d basically , you should n't also sell that stuff to someone if you believe that he will give it to minors ( exeptions are parents , they can give their kids what they want , only when they really harm the kid , that can lead to trouble to them ) . 
  once , during the time i worked at the gasstation , around carnival , a few teens came in and basically pointed at some hard stuff and an clearly older friend got that stuff for them . 
  they were clearly bewildered when i suddenly asked all three of them for their id 's and got quite pissed when i told them that their older friend would n't get hard liquor this night at all . 
  they left with a bunch of beers ( they were already 16 or 17 years old , i am not sure anymore ) . 
  mostly yes , but there are exemptions . 
  for example , if your spous tried to kill you , you ca n't deny them their `` pflichtteil '' ( see my other post  ) . 
  same when the spous is guilty of a major offence against the testator . 
  it is possible , but only in really thight restrictions . 
  \u00a7 2333 bgb :  ( 1 ) a testator may deprive a descendant of his compulsory share if the descendant  1 . makes an attempt on the life of the testator , of the spouse of the testator , or of another descendant or of a person similarly close to the testator ,  2 . is guilty of a major offence or of a serious intentional minor offence against one of the persons designated in no . 
  1 ,  3 . wilfully violates the statutory obligation to the testator incumbent upon him to maintain the testator , or  4 . is finally sentenced to at least one year 's imprisonment without probation because of an intentional criminal offence and participation of the descendant in the estate is hence unreasonable for the testator . 
  the same applies if the accommodation of the descendant in a psychiatric hospital or in a withdrawal clinic is finally ordered because of a similarly serious intentional offence . 
   ( 2 ) subsection ( 1 ) applies with the necessary modifications to the revocation of the parental or spousal compulsory share . 
  when i worked at a gasstation for a couple of month , i got the rule `` if they look younger than 28 , than ask . '', 
  there are freakingly old looking kids and suprisingly young looking ( older ) adults out there :d, 
  yeah - i honor otto von bismarck as well - and if kaiser wilhelm ii . 
  would n't have kicked him out and changed german policy completly , maybe there would n't have been either ww1 , or at least the alliance germany would have been part of would have had a better chance to win . 
  that said , a face that is known for his hatred towards the french and that basically used a war against french to unify germany - as a symbol for european cooperation , that is not really the best character . 
  nudists are generally ignored when you pass someone . 
  my favorite swimming-place when i was in school was a nice lake and everyone knew the places where the nudist normally go in the water ( even when there was no official nudist-area ) . 
  i just saw a few days ago a report of one entertainer who tried out nude hiking and suprisingly , nobody cared , he asked people for direction in the nude and they said it to him as it was the most normal thing ( what suprised me to be honest ) . 
  you also wo n't find any sauna that allows you to wear anything more than a towle . 
  about the law-side : well , nudity is allowed as long as you do n't do it as a sexual stimulation . 
  so , if you jump in your coat out behind a car to flash - that is illegal . 
  if you just casually walk past someone in the nude just to enjoy the sun on your private parts - that is okay . 
  well , at my university there is one red light that generally teaches us to cross by red . 
  just today , i stood there ( i was on my way to the train that would come in 7 minutes , that train was one minute away , so if i waited at teh traffic light or at the plattform made no difference at all , so i waited ) . 
  this traffic light needed around 3 minutes to turn to green - after you used the buttom to notice the traffic light that there are pedestrians that want to cross . 
  this street is not that intensly used , just one line in each direction and maybe 3-6 cars a minute and every 20 minute a tram . 
  there is no reason whatsoever for that thing staying on red for so long other than to train people to ignore red . 
  as a teen , i really nearly got run over once by such a fucking electric car . 
  in my town , there are bike-lanes only on one side of the street , so that you have to drive on the wrong side ( the signs also tell you you have to drive there ) , and when people drive with at least 60 on the street , you are also not very keen to use the street as well . 
  there is this one street that comes from a little housing area that you just ca n't see into until it is too late when you come from the wrong side . 
  normally , that is not the biggest problem as long as you listen carefully - but this damn electrical car , i prooved that day how well my breaks worked - . -, 
  the problem is that the us forgot the meaning of socialism . 
  socialism is defind by the nationalization of all productive capability , meaning that companies are all owned by the state which is run by the working-class . 
  one step further is communism that includes that everything is owned by the society and everything gives what he can and only takes what he needs . 
  europe is far away from that . 
  yes , there are still state-owned companies , but they are only in sectors where the privat sector could n't bear to survive in an affordable way .
