  this can be the beginning of a close political and economical union . 
  well , there are citicens of germany that i would not cout as germany , since citizenship is a legal term that has very little to do if the person is intigrated or not . 
  the problem is that we have to many poorly intigrated german citizens at the moment who are legally germans , but do n't adapted to our society . 
  because of that , i am in favor of further intigration-projects like this one . 
  but also , i would be in favor of a more strict usage of the german penal code and the sentences given out , since i think that this would help in special poorly intigrated turks who got the `` little pascha '' - upbringing and that have very little respect for a lenient justice-system as we have it now . 
  well , i think it boils down that we have a different view what makes someone `` german '' . 
  for me is someone german who tries to participate in the german culture and community . 
  so , if you seclude yourself in subcultures and try to prevent as much contact to the german social life , than you are not german . 
  but when you interact with society , if you exchange some of your customs with germans while germans take over some of your customs , than i do n't see a reason not to call you german . 
  as i said , the d\u00f6ner kebab , as it was introduced in berlin in the 70 's as a to-go-version of the original turkish-dish is now a part of german culture and is a prime example of what i mean . 
  we would actually loose alot if the immigrants from all over the world would forget the culture they brought with them , the only thing they have to learn and that they , in my opinion , are obliged to do is to vary their traditions so that they are not in collusion with german principles , even dropping some that are against the core-beliefes of the german constitution and society . 
  tl ; dr : for me is someone already german when he only addapts his customs to german and contributes them to the mutual benefits of germany and the `` new german '' as well , assimilation is neither necessary nor really helpful . 
   compared to a turk depends on the level of intigration . 
  my best friend in gymnasium was a turk , and despite that they always had nice black tea at home and some traditional food , and that he spoke at home some turkish-german hybrid , he was very much german . 
  he even went into a screaming-contest with a waiter who wanted to deny him a ham-pizza . 
  he speaks perfect german , went to a german school , studied , has basically only german friends , etc. 
  and he is a second generations , his partens were born and raised in turkey . 
  the only thing that showed him not to be a normal german was his skin-color and name . 
  i agree , he was one extreme of intigration , but there are even people not that much intigrated who can be perfectly german . 
  compare hamburg and bavarians : * apart of high german , if bavarians speak in their mother tongue , nobody will understand them apart of other bavarians ( check ) * having a unique cousine that seems to be totally exotic for the other ( check ) ( nobody outside of bavaria eats obadsda ; nobody north of the wei\u00dfwurst-\u00c4quator eats wei\u00dfwurst without doing it with an exotic touch ; the bavarian white-beer is a traditional drink that is seen as part of bavarian culture ; etc. ), 
  * they have different religiouse and sociol believes ( while hamburg is protestant and does not really give too much about religion , the csu , the leading party of bavaria , is quite outdated and is seen as the party that clings most to their religion ; while hamburg is traditionally rather left-leaning , bavaria is sometimes hitting rather hard on the generally accapted right-wing-end of the spectrum ; hamburg has a rich history of international influences due to the hanse ) . 
  basically , all the defining factors that makes a culture homogene are different between hamburg and bavaria , and thats not that much different to ( intigrated ! ), 
  germans with migrant background . 
  well , partly i took this wrong since the line you gave is normally made by people denying that turks could ( or rather should ) never be germans . 
  that said , i still do n't agree with you since the history of humans , especially of europeans , is a history of mass-migration . 
  if you try to track down what is truely german , you have quite alot of problems since people from all over the world used to travel through this area , leaving their dna behind . 
  we had already turks ruling big parts of europe who 's decendent came than here as well , even when their ancestry was rather washed down . 
  but you do n't even have to go this far , if you look at the german history , we were pretty much different nationalities until we started to unify against napoleon . 
  during that time , we were unified by a language , but that 's it . 
  actually , the idea of what should become germany during the pauls-church-conference was that everyone who speaks german is german , despite drastically cultural differences between the different parts of germany . 
  it is not that far off to say that someone of hamburg has as much in common with a german of turkish decendense as with a bavarian who lived for generations in bavaria . 
  how many turks do you really know ? 
  let me tell you , i know turks both from unviersity , but also from the company for facility-services ( aka cleaning-company ) a cousin of my mom runs and in which my mom works . 
  so , i know both , well educated turks , and also the turks that work their ass of cleaning . 
  and i know from both of these worlds examples for perfectly intigrated turks and not very well intigrated . 
  the intigrated turks are just another flavor of german , as bavarian and swabians are different kinds of germans . 
  if you try to go back to `` pure blooded germans '' , than we should also calculate all our fellow citicens with '' - ski '' names out , because they are polish , even when they lived here sometimes for centuries . 
  there are also a hell lot of italiens of the x-generation living here , are they also not german ? 
  i have a turkish coworker that gets pissed at other turks for using the `` little pasha-upbringing '' and raises her own children to have respect for germany and its values , there is the other turkish woman who destroyed her body in order to bring three dauthers through unviersity , there is the father of my friend who used his oportunity to study metallogy here and worked as a scientist while his wife worked as a bank-accountant , there are my fellow student , who , despite wearing a headscarf , went with me to ttip-discusions with heads of the european-negotiation-team . 
  there are countless examples of germans who happens to have turkish ancestors . 
  you argument is basically saying `` not white '' ( while actually some turks are as white as we are due to the crussades and also western slaves , the father of my best friend in school had a skin-color that was probably even whiter than mine , even when he was born in turkey ) ca n't be german , and that is racist bullshit . 
  as soon as they intigrate well and accept our values , they are german , that 's it . 
  sorry , but you are at the moment quite ignorant . 
  yes , we had to stop calling germany nazi 's , and the world would n't have allowed us if we would have tried to kill jews again . 
  the fact that germany moved to the left was n't done forcefully , at least west-germany was given back the right to rule ourself rather soon after the war . 
  they did n't prevent us from electing a former nazi ( kieslinger ) as chancellor in the 60 's . 
  real changes came when the ` culprit ' - generation had start to face questinos of their children as soon as they were old enough to not be part of the war , and when the denial started to move into reflection . 
  yes , there was some preassure to move away from the massmurder-path germany had during the nazi-regime , but the extend to which we developed into this culture we have today , that is something we did out of ourself . 
  actually , the change in germany happend with the peace of westphalia , which established the peace between the catholics and protestants , and from that point onwards , the religiouse warfare made a sudden drop , also increased due to the process of the enlightment . 
  that said , our modern information-age speeds social changes up , the globalization also helps this . 
  the fact that these people live in the middle of christians can actually work like a catalyst for modernizing believes and world-views . 
  the real problem is where these communities block themselves off from the `` normal '' german society . 
  that does not mean that the nazi-idology vanished with the lost war . 
  it was not like `` okay , we lost , so we stopped being nazis !, 
  '' , but it was a decads long struggle . 
  the government was riddled with former nazi 's even after the lost war ( and the allies accepted that due to the fact that germany could n't have a working system without most of the nazi 's back in office ) . 
  the nazi-idiology was still burning in the underground and only with the 68 ` er movement , changes really started to not only happen officially , but also within the hearts of the people . 
  to reduce `` you lost the war , so you stopped being nazi 's '' is just missing understanding of what really happend . 
  thus , yes , big parts of germany still had nazi believes and it took massive work in reeducation to change that . 
  because every refugee that is tunred down because first point of contact with europe is greece or italy can just go to the echr and sue themselves to germany , considering the overstraigning of these nations and there consequental inability to handle all refugees themselves in a manner that is according to the human rights . 
  also , it is according to the human rights not to let people simply drown in the meditaranian . 
  we have seen in the past that just stopping the rescue missions has n't limited attempts to cross the ocian the slightest , it jsut increased the death-toll . 
  and honestly , ignoring the human rights because we simple do n't like people is a move that we luckily abonded 1945 . 
  if they have no right to stay because they are economic migrants in contrast to real refugees , than we have to work hard to finally make working deals with the nations to take their migrants back , something germany is working on and actaully making pretty good progress with . 
  yeah - i mean , i really like my sword , but it is so bloody after the crusades that i just traveld to last holidays - you know , because you can never stop religiouse idiologies that are romanticized , i still sometimes , just for fun and in the name of god , go out and slaughter a few pegans . 
  well , these millions will be spent for big parts for germans , young people that were born and raised in germany , who 's parents were born and raised in germany . 
  we have quite a substantial amount of turkes for example in the third or fourth generation who have no other nationality , nor other place than germany , but who live in a tradition of not being well intigtrated , for big parts because , when their ancestors came here , there was no interest to intigrate them properly . 
  but they are now as german as their d\u00f6ner . 
  well , a pretty good argument for this project . 
  germany had in 1945 65 million citicen , the indoctrination of nazi 's was rather strong , so people with real nazi-idiology were in the 10 's of million . 
  we were able to reduce them to a few thousand . 
  compared to that , the muslims are not many . 
  somehow , it feels like most of the comentators here forgot that germany had muslims before the migration-crisis , we have at least 1,5 millino germans with turkish migration-background , who are majorly muslims . 
  there are problems with failed intigration for decades now , so we have to work on it . 
   supposedly as refugees . 
  ehm , you know that one of the biggest groups of immigrants for decades are muslims , mostly from turkey ? 
  that germany has alone 1,5 million germans with turkish migration-backround ? 
  these intigration-efforts are maybe now again more in discussion due to the refugee-crisis , but there is a need to do so even without it . 
  we have to work to intigrate these who are in germany for the second , third or maybe fourth generation , but who still are not really part of this nation . 
  as a law-student : if there is a law exists or not has nothing to do with an infringment of human rights . 
  every law-student ( at least in germany ) has to learn how to check laws if they are according to the basic rights ( which are modled after human rights ) . 
  there would be no need for constitutional courts or the european courts if there would n't be violations of these principles , even in laws themselve . 
  thus , just saying `` there is a law so it is okay '' is just too easy . 
  this is a basic principle in germany as well , `` nulla poena sine lege praevia '' . 
  the thing is , to be a complicit of murder was also a crime back in nazi-germany , so a law punishing this already existed . 
  what can be changed retroactivly in contrast are two things : the statue of limitations ( verj\u00e4hrung ) , but also the burden of proove . 
  because here , not the crime itself is retroactivly given out , just how it is enforced . 
  actually , during the last coalition-negotiation , it was the spd that was pushing for the continued relevanze of coal , in special the nrw ( ex - ) minster president kraft , since nrw is the most important coal-state of germany . 
  that said , germany has , since the greens got a foothold in german parliament in the 90 's , a more and more increasing ecological agenda that no party would dare to try to go against , at most it can be solwn down . 
  not necessarily . 
  while i was in munich with my university , my professor organized that we could stay dring that time in the military baracks . 
  they wore their `` feldbekleidung '' as everyday clothes while staying there , while the `` dienstanzug '' was the formal clothes . 
  basically , when we would pull out our gym-shorts , they pull out their `` feldbekleidung '' , and when we use suits for work , they got the dienstanzug . 
  the fact that both are tailored does not mean that they are sent to war ( which would actually probably pretty illegal since the constitution protects unborn life as well and endangering unborn life by sending it into war would be therefor a violation of the constitution , in adition to be completly insane ) . 
  i know that it does n't mean i am correct , but at least it allows me to have an perspective that i can argue with . 
  and op tried to put me in a partisan-corner that i do n't feel that i belong to . 
  yes , i vote merkel because i think she is the best choice at the given moment , but i am neither in her party nor would i defend her to an extend where i do n't believe that she acted legally sound . 
   up with any explanation to defend dear mutti merkel especialy this part teased me to show that i do n't pull stuff out of nowhere , but that i actually spend in the last year a few hours researching this situation , trying to understand what happend . 
  and to read this thing about how merkel did that out of the bottom of her heart without any logical reasoning annoys me quite alot , so i started to speak up maybe half a year ago , or maybe even longer . 
  that does not say that i think i am necessarily 100 % right .
