  the problem is that vw is big , i mean really big . 
  did you ever look how many car brands are actually part of vw ? 
  a company that wants to take over such a big company has to prepare for quite a long time to afford such a deal , that ca n't happen just `` snap , we decide it has to be sold , so buy it ! '' . 
  if vw is profitable , the buyer will accept previous contracts . 
  possible , but not certain . 
  a new bidder-war might cause cheaper contracts . 
  if you dissolve the company without any kind of continuing legal existance , the new owners would take a look into the contracts . 
  in special if they have their own supply lines which whom they can make different deals . 
   and run the risk of having their company dissolved ? 
  doubt it . 
  and any involved individuals would have been indicted anyway . 
  the dissolution part of it is to ensure it 's not profitable for a company to be corrupt . 
  what is the difference for the owner of a new company than for a new ceo ? 
  under the current regime , the ceo would already loose everything , for him , the company has no value if they exist or not , for him , it is important if he got his money and if he can keep it . 
  that the company will be dissolved is no threat to him , it would be even more favorable in contrast to a fine since he would be liable for that fine . 
   by selling off their assets , i mean to retain workers and plants . 
  but that only works if the buyer is willing to do so . 
  you ca n't force them to do so since than , they would n't buy at all . 
  if you say the assets should be sold , i doubt that it is possible to sell everything at once , but it would be rather a buy out . 
   contracts for suppliers should be translated to a new regime without much difficulty considering its within everyone 's interest to ensure the status quo is kept . 
  for the supliers , yes , for the buyer - no . 
  again , that only works when everything goes to one buyer . 
   if you merely indict and transplant ceo positions and technicians , you run the probable risk of overlooking residual corruption . 
  that would n't change if the assets are sold . 
  the new ceo just could continue where the last one left since the people involved in the residual corruption would n't change from the people outside of the company . 
   better to just dissolve the company , but ensure the low level systems of that company are kept in operation via selling them off . 
  that way your average worker is fine , but it 's extremely disadvantageous to upper management . 
  and what is with the shareholders that has nothing to do with that . 
  if you force them to sell , the market would break apart , the price for each share would possably fall into into nothing . 
  banks and companies hold shared of companies like vw since they are forced to keep secure investments , if their shares loose basically all their value , that could cause a new chain-reaction that could get out of controle again . 
  not to mention of the retirment fonds and similar shareholders that used this to save for their retirnment . 
  they take at the moment with the fine a hit , but it is most likly that vw will recover from that . 
  so they can sit it out , or they can sell now at a reasonable price , but if these shares loose their complete value ( again , what would certainly happen if they are forced to sell ) , than you could probably deprive a lot of people that did n't do anything wrong from their money . 
  that would actually punish more people that have nothing to do with the scandal at all . 
  these all are big stock companies and a lot of people / firms hold their stocks that never had an influence on any decision given . 
  with the exeption of the main shareholder , these people use the share just as an investment , some for their retirment , some just to earn money . 
  by openly forcing them to sell , they might loose quite a lot in the long run . 
  also , as said , supply lines would be damaged . 
  as long as not a single competitor would take them over ( which is quite unlikly with such a big company ) , everything would be disrupted . 
  and if you split this company up , who would be the legal sucessor to all the contracts already in place that are binding for vw ? 
  if you dissolve such a company , these contracts would go to waste and it would start a war among the suppliers that would leave only a few unscattered . 
  it also would cause that several plants probably would n't be taken over and therefor shut down . 
  as a fact , the german government is a minortiy-shareholder and therefor is able to keep the jobs where they are , preventing that the company moves all of the production to asia , if they are forced to sell vw , it would cause massive disturbance and it would probably lead to the loss of jobs on a big scale . 
  in the end , there are only a few people at fault , and that are the ceo ( which are not equivalent to the owners of the place ) and the technicians participating here . 
  it is one thing to discuss how white-collar crimes are punished and if they should get a court-jail . 
  also , knowing a little bit of coporation-law , what will happen is that all members of the ceo that knew about this / ordered this / not acted fast and swift enough to stop it , and probably a few of the board of directors , will losse everything . 
  in germany , if the decisions made by a ceo were illegal and lead to losses ( for example the us fine or any other fine that will come in the eu ) , he is fully personally liable , meaning that he is going to file personal bancrpcy when the trial is over and will probably loose everything he ownes as part of that . 
  it happend with siemens , it will happen with vw as well . 
  first : these things are given to humans , but by putting it in the constitution , the state recognizes that these rights are given to humans . 
  second : healthcare and welfare are parts of the right to constitutional right of free development of the indivdual ( art . 
  2 i gg ) and a combination of the dignity of man ( art . 
  1 i gg ) and the social state principle ( art . 
  20 i gg : the federal republic of germany is a democratic and social federal state ) . 
  and yes , it is seen as a necessaty for a human society that people care for each other for a minimal amount , meaning that , as long as the society is able to provide it , nobody should either starve or freeze to death , nor should they get bancrupt due to an illnes . 
  the state has to provide for every individual the possibility to survive to protect their rights to be human ( it is quite difficult to live out your human rights if you are under a brdige hoping that the winter will not be too cold ), 
  first : germany has no outer european border . 
  this way , it is quite difficult to prevent them from crossing over the green border . 
  australia is a continent that has , due to it secluded position , quite a good possibility to stop people from entering per sea . 
  that is something germany ca n't do . 
  second : such an agreement like australia takes time , it is not like we have still colonies where we can sent them . 
  thrid : australia 's model violates the refugee convention germany is part of . 
  fourth : australia 's model violets human rights that are binding within the eu . 
  fifth : take a look at nauru , that is a disgrace for australia . 
   the rest of the eu is not very thrilled about having to solve a problem of germany 's creation . 
  the biggest problem is that the narrative was really spinned around so that merkel was painted more and more as the bad guy . 
  first : refugees came into an unbearable amount before germany did or said anything . 
  greece that was already overstraigned with their own problems had now to deal with thousands of refguees on their border , people were already walking on european soil and were hold for big parts of hungary where unbearable straign was put on them as well , not to mention that this lead to overcroweded camps that could n't be sustatined properly with food and sanitary necessities . 
  than , there were not only a few rulings of the echr that basically shut down dublin in any case where people had to be sent back into nations that are overcrowded , like hungary and greece . 
  at one point , the situation in hungary boiled down that much that people forced their way out of hungary and started to march to western europe , hungary called austria who called germany with the information `` by the way , thousands of people just breached out , they are comming . '', 
  during that time , one employee of the german refugee office made a stupid tweet that contained the internal information that dublin is dead in cases where people would be sent back to either greece or hungary ( which was , as i said earlier , just the clearification so that the office would comply with the rulings of the echr ) . 
  this tweet went viral and got translated several times , not clear if deliberatly changed , so that the complete world thought that the borders are open ( what was not the case , again , the only thing that was said is that people that were comming would not be sent back as it was part of dublin ) . 
  with that mess happening , this tweet in the world , thousands of people running freely towards germany and austria , merkel did her speech , telling that we could welcome ( these who are just on the way from hungary ) . 
  by shortening her speech and changing details , the message was sent that everyone should come , heck , people in syria thought germany would sent boats to get them . 
  so , was it real merkel 's fault ? 
  partly yes because , and that is where she is to blame , did a poorly job to clearify where she was cited wrongly , there should have been a big campain in special in forein languages that spread the information what was truely said . 
  on the other hand , the people were already in europe and the people fleeing the war would have come one way or another . 
  the local refugee-camps are near a war zone and terribly underfunded ( germany is one of the few nations that completly pay their share for the un for refugees ) . 
  also , these camps are not safe and will never be safe without military forces stationed there . 
  the idea that we could put them in camps in syria without a big military campaing is just illusion . 
  so , the people would have come to europe , maybe a few less , but that is completly uncertain since the situation was driving more and more people out of syria and out of the middle eastern refugee camps . 
  and they would still come without the turkey deal . 
  the idea that mazedonia is what keeps the refugee at bay is just not true , if turkey would n't keep the refugees at bay , they would come to greece and eventually , the amount of people there could n't be contained by any fences anymore , or they would just take a more difficult way here . 
  yeah , than less people would come since they died on their way here , but the alternative to die in syria or to starve at a refugee-camp is less attractive than the chance to find shelter here . 
  so , what basically happend was that germany was the overpreassure valve of the hight of the refugee crisis , either they would have come here with merkels ( misquoted ) statements or they would have imploded all over europe . 
   we 've read the other day that even hardcore sch\u00e4uble sees the need to put more money into people pockets actually , i heard in the radio the other day that he might not really want to do that , but is constitutionally forced . 
  it was the first time that i heard it ( and i am not that sure about the legal credability of this radio-station 's information ) but it seems that the german government has to justify every few years their money-policy and if there is too much left , they are constitutionally forced to give people a tax brake in one sort or another . 
  but a part of the single market and as such , agreed to a conglomarat of treaties that gives eu-citicens a lot of rights ( and vice versa ) . 
  what they are about to do is to breach one treaty the single market is based on , and as such endanger their complete participation in the single market since everyone has to agree to these minimum standarts to be a part of it . 
  this is a discussion who gains more from these measures . 
  the poor man get effectivly for example 5 % more , whereas the rich man does only get 0,5 % more . 
  both get something , but the effect for the poor man is greater . 
  that only gives something to people that are at the moment above these levels already . 
  so , that would give some reliefe to the nearly poor , but leaves out the people that are already working under these levels . 
   take that together with rich folks buying a lot more , and more expensive stuff in general the thing is , a poor man uses 90 - 100 % of his income each month . 
  a rich man uses , depending on how rich he is , maybe 10-60 % , the rest he mostly uses to either save or invest . 
  if we lower vat , it means that the lower tax gives him nearly one to one more money in his pocket every month whereas the rich man will saves only as much as he can save . 
  also , there are different vat-systems here , one for daily necessaties like water and bread , and for luxuries like cars and wine . 
  so , by lowering the vat for the daily necessities , you would create a big effect for the poorer people . 
  and the constitutional court will slamm it down as they did previouse laws since it is their job not to go into every little hystery . 
   the rights do n't specify any ordering between each other and can easily conflict .
