  because sometimes , it is deemed to harsh to punish someone who was stuck in the attempt of the crime for the full crime , the german law gives the judge the option , if he deems it necessary , to lower the punishment according to \u00a7 49 . 
  about the 10 years : this was given out because that is the maximum punishment the juvenile-law includes . 
  this guy was 20 during the crime , so his punishment depends on a psychatric evaluation that deems if he is matured enough to be seen as an adult or not . 
  if the guy would have been 21 , this rule would n't have been applicable anymore . 
  edit : and sorry for the explanatory rampage :d . 
  i am at the moment in the process of remaking my first state exame to get a better grade ( passed the first attempt , but do n't like the grade ) , so this is a perfect oportunity to train myself in this field , because it forces me to think about it :d, 
  only if the culprit is sentences as a minor ( like in this case ) . 
  for minors , or people younger than 21 ( at the time of the crime ) that are deemed to be too imature to be sentences as adult , 10 years is the maximum . 
  edit : confused myself with the age , so i made it clearer, 
  as a side-note , the 10 years were given out because he was sentences as a minor . 
  and yes , the killing-paragraphs are really fucked up in their approach and it takes a hellot of legal construction to make them anything near fair . 
  sadly , the last attempt to change them seem to be unsuccessful again, 
  looked it up . 
  at the time of the crime , the culprit was still under 21 , so a psychatric evaluation had to dicide if he was treated as an adult or minor . 
  it seems that they came to the conclusion that he was at the time of the act still mentally a minor , so they convicted him as a minor which has the maximum penalty of 10 years . 
  well , no , since that is impossible , but we can prevent such acts to help this from happening on our soil . 
  what other nations do is , on international law , mostly their business . 
  germany has to act when it is about acts on their soil or from entities belonging to the german government . 
  and since this is only a decision for elections happening in german borders , the german government has to act . 
  edit : also , i do n't know if the constitutional court would actually take support for the death-penalty as an act protetected by the constitution . 
  again , the idea of a streitbare demorkatie , everything that is about to abolish democratic values and the human rights , is not protected by the constitution . 
  that does not mean that the government has to act , they can tollerate it . 
  something different is a referendum , that is set up as a requirnment to change the turkish law to allow the death-penalty . 
  just supporting something like that is not causing the death-penalty to happen , therefor not endangering the people directly , so the state is ligitimize to ignore such actions on german soil . 
  different to a referendum . 
  well , after reading and thinking here , i have the argument : such elections that are aimed to abolish the basic human rights ( as layed out in the basic human rights ) and the democratic order , are not protected by the german constitution as they are against the idea of the [ `` streibare demokratie '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streitbare_demokratie ) . 
  so , they can be blocked whenever we want . 
  on the other side , the duty to protect life according to art . 
  2 ii gg is there , and actually demands to take action . 
  since these elections are not protected , but there is a duty for the state to act , the state has to prevent these . 
  i have the principle , that there are people that might read the comments of that guy , and actually , what i write is normally more for these third parties than for this guy . 
  his arguments seems to have some sort of logic , so if they are not dismissed they will stay for other 's to make their opinion out of it . 
  so i give a different narrative of the situation that i hope the people will help to form their idea of the current situation instead of op 's :d, 
  well , it is a part of the idea of the [ `` streibare demokratie '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streitbare_demokratie ) which exclude all attempts to dismanlte ( at least the german , but can , without problem , be extended to elections in german ) democracy and the basic human rights layed out in the german constitution . 
  therefor , it does not force the german government to act , but it also does not prevent germany from doing anything against it . 
  what does demand germany to prevent such an election on the german ground could be the fact that germany has the duty to protect life ( art . 
  2 ii basic law ) . 
  that is for example the reason why we will never hand out a prisoner to the us if he faces the death-penalty . 
  please , read a little bit about the german principle of `` streitbare '' or `` wehrhafte '' [ democracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streitbare_demokratie ) . 
  this german constititutional principle exist since 1949 , so hardly something new , and says that basically everything is under the protection of the german constitution apart of attempts to get rid of democratic values and the basic law ( most of them are in art . 
  1-19 of the german constitution ) . 
  so , this is hardly anything new or suprising , and it does not imply what you try to sping out of it . 
  ehm , as a law-student , that is nothing special with merkel 's government , but i hardly doubt that any government in the past had legislature that were n't tested and than dismissed by the constitutional court . 
  so , this statement is true , but missleading . 
  germany has not a normal decmoracy , but something that is called a `` wehrhafte '' or `` streifbare '' [ democracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streitbare_demokratie ) . 
  this means that basically everything is protected by the german constitution apart of trying to dismantle the democracy and the basic rights , in special the most fundamental human rights like the right to life . 
  this principle is as old as the german consitution , so since 1949 , so hardly anything new and that we suddenly admit of doing . 
  well , as someone who is physically disabled as well , who 's one sister has a form of authism , which is , at the age of 37 , still on the level of maximum a teenager , and who has also some borderlines in the family , let me tell you : i know . 
  nontheless , your statement about the german legal system is nontheless wrong , and that has nothing to do with you being uneducated or anything , it is just simply not the truth . 
  and it is not my fault or problem that you make statements about something you have no clue about and acting like it is true . 
  the german legal system is the one making binary decisions here : either you are that mentally disabled that you are no longer able to be carry the guilt of your crime ( and if it is not clear if you are , than in dubio pro reo , you are seen as to mentally disabled ) , than you will not face a jail-sentence , but will be sent to a mental institution until it is seen to let you be safe on the streets again . 
  the other binary decision is , if you are between 18 and 21 , if you are mentally an adult . 
  here , there is some leeway , but that applies for everyone , not only the turkish people , and there are a hell lot of germans that are not deemed adults until they are 21 and nobody asks anymore . 
  so , basically , what you said about psychological disorders are true , just not relevant to the german law systems in the way you try to imply , which made your accusations again baseless . 
  edit : and , yes , if they are older than 21 , they are either mentally that handicapped to be not able to be guilty , or they are fully guilty , nobody asked than anymore about any form of delayed maturing or anything . 
  so , your idea that this is party why the mandatory minimum is lowered is just simply wrong . 
  yeah , the article is written badly . 
  three years are the mandatory minium for an attempted murder ( if it succeeded , it would be life-long ) . 
  because it was an attempt , the judge can dicide anywhere between 3-15 years or lifelong . 
  since in this case , the fact that the homeless did n't die was pure luck and the culprits did n't do anything to prevent that , he will probably get the maxiumum . 
  no , this seems actually so strange because the article is written shitty . 
  the punishment for murder is life-long , not more , not less . 
  due to it being an attempt , the mandatory minimum is lowered down to 3 years , meaning that now , the judge can dicide either to hand out a punishment of either anything between 3-15 years or lifelong punishment . 
  i ca n't see how a mandatory minimum could be given out in such a situation where it was pure luck that the victim survived and the culprits did n't do anything to prevent the death from happening . 
  such miniums are planned for cases for example where someone sets up a bomb , goes away ( thereby starting the attempt ) , than dicide to run back , risk his life to dismantel the bomb , maybe it goes even off injuring the culprit , just to than find out that the vicitm was rescued before the bomb even got off . 
  german law-student here : not only is this idea of yours that we sentence people from muslim-nations differently due to this ( if it is true which i do n't see me fit to dicide ) , but in that context , it makes even less sence . 
  you are , under german law , only not charged as an adult if you are a minor . 
  you are charged as a minor if you are either between 14-18 or 18-21 with a psychological evaluation if you are , despite over 18 , still not developed enough to be seen as adult . 
  if we would consider these people mentally handicapped due to this `` inbreeding '' , than we would drop the charges alltogther because than , these people would n't be able to carry the guilt of their crimes , they are therefor excused for their crimes . 
  instead , we would sent them to mental institutions . 
  so , your complete base on which you try to foot your argument on is so flawed that it is beyond stupid . 
  this `` three years '' is hypothetical , he will not get this . 
  first of all , this was an attempted murder . 
  while murder has the mandatory minimum of a lifelong imprisonment , the fact that it was `` only '' an attempt allows the judge , if he deems it applicable for the case , to reduce the mandatory minimum down to three years . 
  so , instead of only being able to hand out a life-long sentence , he can now dicide between 3-15 years or lifelong . 
  in this case , he will most likly rule life-long . 
  edit : and about the minors , the mandatory minimum will be dropped down to 6 month , yes , but the maximum-punishment will be 10 years , and the judge can dicide according to the guilt these minors have on them , so i assume that it will be several years in prision , if the complete 10 years , no clue . 
  well , here , you hit right in the heart of the real debate that exist around the eternity clause , the question if article 146 is an exemption to the eternity clause or not . 
  as far as i see it , quite a few important legal minds argue that a new constitution can only be put forward under article 146 as long as this new constitution honors art . 
  79 iii . 
  the constitutional court , in a decision if article 146 was still valid after the reunification , spcifically let it open if a new constitution under art . 
  146 could violate the eternity-clause or not and would rather rule over it if something like that happens . 
  this way , they give a potential new constitional-creating body some leeway how to write their constitution , but at the same time make it clear that , if they move too far away from art . 
  79 iii gg , that it would be struck down again . 
  what is important to understand that germany has a [ `` streitbare demokratie '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streitbare_demokratie ) . 
  you can translate this maybe as a defensive or protective democracie . 
  meaning that you can do basically everything under the german constitution , but not try to get rid of democratic values and the basic law . 
  actions with this aim are not protected by the german constitution at all , even when the single act would be under the protection of the basic rights . 
  due to that , parties with the goal to abolish the basic rights and the democracy can be forbidden , art . 
  20 iv gg especially says :  ( 4 ) all germans shall have the right to resist any person seeking to abolish this constitutional order , if no other remedy is available . 
  here , even the tyrannacide probably could be constitutionally legitimize ( as long as the courts agree with the culprit that this person was a tyrann ) . 
  the only thing that might be possible is to reinterpret some of the provisions set forth in the constitution , for example that legal minds ( and with that , the constitutional court ) agree that the term `` state '' in art . 
  20 i gg could be changed in the interpretation that it would be sufficient to be a state in a federal body of an eu that gives enough protection to the german citicens that we do n't longer need the statehood like we have it today . 
  but i ca n't see how , without a revolution with blood and steel , the german constitution could really be abolished against the provision of art . 
  79 iii gg , because every attempt to do so would end to be struck down be the constitutional court . 
  thank you as well , to be honest , i learned today quite alot myself by actually thinking about all this , this is why i love reddit and to write about that as well :d . 
  it helps me to understand my own position more and more and also to revise what i thought was true . 
  and i looked it up , the idea of all european memberstates being directly liable were put forth by junker and the prior italian finance minister under berlusconi , giulio tremonti . 
  here , each nation should have the right to take on debts up to 60 % of their gdp that all national states would be liable together for . 
  this plan was backed up by basically all the nations that would benefit from such a system , also some eu-institutions liked that idea very much .
