  my professor for us-law in the university for example . 
  he does not want to use any german in front of us due to his bad german and mostly lives by speaking english . 
  as far as i know , he still visits german courses , but you pick up the necessary language skills after a while . 
  and since , in special in the bigger cities , a lot of people speak quite well english , it is possible to survive . 
  there was a democratic vote for a non-binding referendum - you understand the word non-binding , do n't you ? 
  also , why should the rest of europe give a fuck about what uk voted , does that mean we have to give them now whatever they want while leaving the eu ? 
  since when can a nation of 64 million can decide the path a group of 500 million has to go ? 
  the uk said it want to leave , so the eu is now to decide what they want to give them or not , they are not bound by any decision of the uk . 
  if the eu does not see it fitting to give the uk any passporting-rights , than the uk has to live with it . 
  sure , they write off most of the eu-market just because they think london is nicer , and the uk will pay them the losses out that comes along with cutting off the biggest single-market of the world . 
  suuure , that is going to happen ... 
  you mean that the eu tries a second time after they changed the regulations in order to change what was the cause for the first rejection ? 
  what an evil rationality !, 
  it is just unbelievable how such a short while ago , people risked their life to go from east to west within basically the same nation . 
  during our lessons in the former gdr , our physics-teacher was invited in history-class to tell us his story . 
  we knew him for more than a year at that point , and than he told us how he nearly died , nearly drowning in a not properly frozen lake when he fleed the gdr . 
  the courage , but also the desperation feels in our today 's time ( at least when you are from this part of the wolrd ) just so out of our experience . 
  edit : the report that he died seems to be false . 
  he is still struggling to survive , but he has luckily still a chance . 
  my reasons :  article 1 of the german constitution  [ human dignity -- human rights -- legally binding force of basic rights ]  ( 1 ) human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  to respect and protect it shall be the duty of all state authority . 
   [ ... ]  ( 3 ) the following basic rights shall bind the legislature , the executive and the judiciary as directly applicable law . 
   article 2 german constitution  [ personal freedoms ]  ( 1 ) every person shall have the right to free development of his personality insofar as he does not violate the rights of others or offend against the constitutional order or the moral law . 
   ( 2 ) every person shall have the right to life and physical integrity . 
  freedom of the person shall be inviolable . 
  these rights may be interfered with only pursuant to a law . 
   article 4  [ freedom of faith and conscience ]  ( 1 ) freedom of faith and of conscience , and freedom to profess a religious or philosophical creed , shall be inviolable . 
   ( 2 ) the undisturbed practice of religion shall be guaranteed . 
  and also : http://www.unhcr.org/1951-refugee-convention.html for me , the human rights stand , to abolish or neglect them is the worst crime a government can do , also it is just such a crime to only give them to your own people , because if you limit the human rights to your own citicens , you can do every attrociouse act possible to others . 
  if we start to see the human rights as limited to germans , it would be logical to invade poland again , because they do n't have the right that we respect their lifes . 
  no , the human rights stand , for muslims as much as for any other faith or group . 
  there is a difference to accept muslims in your commnity and accepting islamists . 
  you can compare it like that : we tollerate even extreamly conservative csu-member ( just like the muslims ) , but we do not accept right-wing nutjobs ( just like the islamists ) . 
  do the conservative part of the csu have a lot in common with nazi 's , yes , but are they nazi 's , well , some might be , but they are not synonyms . 
  same with muslims . 
  muslims and islamists have a lot in common , some muslims are islamists , but they are not the same . 
   you would opt for economic recession ? 
  if the eu falls apart , the recession we would have from loosing the uk would be nothing . 
  and it is upon the nations to decide if they want rather a political or only an economic union , and at the moment it looks rather like most nations prefer a political union , a lot want even a closer union rather than a looser one ( look at the discussion of euro-bonds ) . 
  if you do n't want the same as the eu , than you have to take the leave , just do n't expect that the eu just grand you whatever part of the union you like . 
  there is either in on the single market or out of the single market . 
  there is the possibility of a free trade agreement , but that is not the same as single-market access or anything like that . 
  i doubt that there would be an agreement to give you passporting for example . 
  and i really doubt that there is any political motivation to give uk a limited access to the single market as well , at least no from the eu . 
  basically every neto payer would face at that point hugh preassure from their anit-eu-oppossition to do the same , get out of the eu to get a tailored access to the single market and to get rid of unpopular components of the eu . 
  so , giving the uk this restricted access would lead to the rise of lepen , afd and however this dutch party is called ( and several more around the eu ) and the risk that such a dicision leads to the distructen of the eu and the single market is just too great . 
   have a hard cap on migration and here is the problem . 
  an access to the single market without free movement is in violation to the lisabon treaty , so to give something like that to the uk , there would be the need of a new eu-treaty that would have , just like lisabon , be agreed upon by every single memberstate , some with own referendi . 
  i just ca n't see something like that to happen , the eastern nations would never accept a cut down of free movement since a big part of their economy is based on the money their nationals earn around the eu . 
  but in a lot of terrorist hideouts were these flags hanging on the wall . 
  they probably thought that when the police finds the equipment to build bombs in that room , the isis-flag did n't change that much anymore . 
  so , when you have legal meas to follow the flags , there might be a chance to find people that are secretly helping terrorists . 
  i can only speak for german law , here , a symbol is officially illegal when the group the flag stands for is recognized as a terroristic group . 
  was n't it the eu that tried to involve russia more in the european politics , but russia that did n't want to accept to discuss on equal ground with small nations like belgium or luxemburg ? 
  they only wanted to talk with the big nations like we are still in a system where only the big player are there and the rest is to follow their biddings . 
  there were several attempts to include russia more , but not on the terms russia demanded . 
  edit : also , there was in the beginning never an interest for the ukraine stopping their relations with russia , rather the opposit . 
  there was support to overthrow a government that bleeded the nation out and that was rather a puppet of putin so that they could negotiate more of a fair deal with russia , but that 's it . 
  the fact is that the goods prouced by ukraine are in a quality that they could never be sold inside the eu , cutting relations with russia meant for ukraine that they lost their most important trade-partner that the eu never could replace . 
  in a state like that , when ukraine would truly become part of the western world , for example through an acceptance in the eu , they would stay a financial burden for an unforseeable future . 
  no , europe thought that these fronts eu / west vs. russia was finally over and that we could just deal with each other on normal grounds . 
  red/red/green would be a nightmare , but it will not happen , die linke are just too far off for most of the old states for the spd to dare such a coalition . 
  also , i whink black/green is quite interesting , a more conservative angle to the green movement could give it a new drive and a new spin to renew the movement . 
  well , it depends at who you look at . 
  merkel and the cdu in general is not that pro-russian , but their coalition-partner spd tries every now and than to calm everything down and to get back into normal relations with russia , sometimes it feels like they try to downplay the acts of war russia does in ukraine at least , i do n't know exactly about syria . 
  and the parties die linke and the afd often have ties to russia that is quite worrying ( well , the afd is generally worrying , but that makes it even worse ), 
  eastern europe is even more against limitation of free movement , and at least france also said no . 
  i do n't know about the rest of the states though . 
  but since such an agreement with the uk would need the agreement of every single member state to archieve that ( and not only because any deal with the uk needs that , but also because it would take a rewriting of the lisabon treaty that denies such a situation ) , there is not realistic that it will come to this situation . 
  first : i would also prefer to make a situation possible where the people stay in their nations , but considering the wide-spread corruption and lack of ( working ) democratic structures in a big part of these nations , i have no clue how to archieve that despite bascially install puppet governments that do what we tell them ( - and that worked so great in the past / s ) . 
  the thing is that they will try to come as long as they can earn here illegally within a little time enought to feed a family in africa , or get food at all . 
  europe is already sending aid , but it is difficult to create an aid that does not destroy the internal market in the african nations , that is not missused by corrupt officials and so on . 
  also , the man-made climat change ( that was caused mainly by the western world , russia and china ) makes the situation worse for a unforseeable future , causing food shortage and more . 
  that is something that ca n't be changed easily , if at all . 
  and as long as these problems are there , people will try to come to europe where they see a future . 
  so there is no real way to not make it attractive , the hope to work illegally here is just to temptive . 
  we could try to lower our vages to an african comparison , but i doubt that our people here would really aprriciate that . 
  that does not mean that i am in favor of illegal migration , but at least i understand them , i would probably try that myself if i would be in such a situation . 
  i agree with you , no solution we have is a good one , but at the end , it is the question if we want to demolish our human rights that we got by sacrificing so much blood ? 
  i appreciate that the human rights stand , and that they even stand in cases when a lot of people do n't like them , because these are the rules that seperate us from barbary we hopefully left behind for good . 
  also , more military would be seen as something that is done to prevent conflicts with russia , and the left has a hell lot of former sed-people and children of their minds in their ranks , so they would rather like with us to go invite russia into europe with kisses and huggs ( as a matter , same with our ultra-right parties ) . 
  what is the source ? 
  searched for that grafic and only ended up in right-wing media outlets , no official un source . 
  so either you give the link to the un-soruce this graph is based on or just go . 
  i know that is terrible , but i also understand this pracitce to some degree . 
  in special romanian illegal immigrants , but liban and of other nations alike , who 's refugee-status were rejected , thend to disappear suddenly when they get notice or see an indication that deportation happens soon . 
  so either you suprise them , or you ca n't deport them . 
  and to be fair , we have to send illegal imigrants back , they often destroy the goodwill real refugees that need the helped deserve , and they tend ( in special again romanians and libanese ) to be part of the mafia of their representative nations ( again , i only speak about the people comming here illegally . 
  since they have no legal way to work here , and they often know that by comming here , that is the only path they can and normally will go ) . 
  yeah , it is like people have nothing learned from the wars of the last century and the inhumanity during that time . 
  is it because it is so long ago that so many people stopped caring ? 
  germany is sued and looses in front of the ecj all the time , just as any other nation . 
  the idea that germany is above the law is either just stupidity or deliberade ignorance of the truth . 
  edit : and germany also looses sometimes in front of the echr as well when the german government fucks up , just as any other nation alike . 
  yeah - there is just not a single island in the mediaranian that could support such camps . 
  also , they would probably lead to disaster just as the australien camps , not because the refugee/immigrants are bad people , but rather because anyone put on a island with nothing to do for month or years would go wild and would create a human sinkhole , and that would be our sinkhole . 
  also , at least refugees have legal rights , they have a right to work , to get acceptable housing , the kids have a right for school . 
  if you put real refugees ( an not only econmic immigrants ) in there , you violate international law . 
  end even for the normal immigrants , it would be a gross violation of the echr , and that are laws that should never be abolished , they are invented to exactly prevent actions like this , mass internation in camps with concentration , as keith olberts called them when talking about mass-internation of mexicans which would be a necessary part of trump 's plans . 
  that would hardly be possible under union-law , or at least i really doubt that .
