  will i win , i doubt it , but i can try , ca n't i ? 
  the thing is , these investment courts does not create more ( or less ) strange judgments as normal courts , but that will not stop companies to try to exploit a system . 
  well , actually , you should be in favor of ceta than . 
  most multi-national companies can already relay on a magnitude of investment-treaties and can find a way to get into already existing ones if needed . 
  that said , ceta is a revelation in the world of investment-treaties and might be the start of a new eara , since , during the development of this treaty , the eu and canada analysed the big topics in investment-law and dicided actually every single of these existing disputes towards the state , rather than the investor . 
  furthermore , the new transparancy-rules have a magnitude that these investment-courts are now more open than you would find any national court would ever allow . 
  basically , as long as not the most secret cores of a company are in question ( for example coca cola could black out their recepy if it would be relevant for the case to bring it in front of the court ) , everything has to get published under these new rules . 
  therefor , ceta might create a new system for international law-treaties that could be addopted later on by other nations , creating a new area of this field of law that is more protective towarts the states ( in contrast to the priorly us-dominated systems ) . 
  well , i would n't call a 10 year old song that recent  . 
  the official translation is incitment of hatred i think ( at least , when you look in the english version of the stgb , that is how it is translated , even when this translation itself is not official ) . 
  and i think , it caputres quite the gist of this law . 
  in contrast to the us , where they really discuss `` hate speech '' ( so , speech that carries hate ) , the discussion in germany is all about the inciting act , that you incite your hate in others around you , agains the same group that you hate . 
  because it violates the rights of the children . 
  everyone has the right not to be harmed , even a child , and even against his own parents . 
  spanking is a punishment that does not only damage the body , but also the mind of a child , and it should not be used against them . 
  you did n't get that this here is clearly an / s ? 
  says the person that immidiatly assumes that the victim lies , not the police officer , without gathering any facts about the credibility of the guy despite that he is black , not acknoledging that there is a video of the incident , not taking into perspective that this `` accidental '' slipping of a batoon in this mans rectum caused damages that needed surgery . 
  there is simply no legal way that this batoon could have landed in this man 's behind , hell , there is no legal way how this man ended without his underwear on an open street . 
  as a law-student ( well , of germany , but our police is also quite good in most cases ) , i can tell you that is one of the most stupid comments i have read for a while . 
  one third parts of the governmental law we study is solely about police-law , and that because it happens that something is going wrong there regularly , even when it is a good police-force . 
  just to sit down and say `` they will be right '' is exactly while everything escalates in the us , not because the police is questioned . 
  have you ever watched real footage from there ? 
  not questioning the police is a sure as hell way to facism . 
  edit : rephrased a sentence since it sounded stupid . 
  well , it ca n't be sexual if they use a batang instead of a dick / s, 
  it 's about inheritance law  ( for the case that this is not the right term , here the online dictionary with a lot of different translation of this field of law http://www.dict.cc/?s=erbrecht ), 
  i do n't ignore them , i just want to say that unrestricted free speech , just as any other unrestricted right , can be a major contribution to the dismantling of democracy . 
  if the nazi-party wourld n't have been allowed to be part of the parliament in the first place due to the fact that basically all leading figures would have been convicted of incitment of hatred , than the nazi 's could n't have had expoited the situation to take over the nation . 
  the nazi 's happend because of a conglomerat of a hell of disasterouse situations , but we have to analyse the tools used by the nazi 's to exploit the situation , because only than , we can call out other individuals that do the same again in similar situations . 
  and one of the major tools thereby is the abuse of free speech . 
  in the end , every unrestricted right is sufficient to destroy a system , because of that , every right has to be restriced as minimal as necessary , while keeping as much freedom as possible . 
  i agree with that and just wanted to add that here in europe , we already saw the devistation that the flaws in free democracy can cause ( hitler , who used a liberal germany to rise to power ) . 
  because of that , europe is more open to moderate limitations in the idea 's of freedoms , for example restrictions on free speech in case of incitment of hatred etc. 
  as far as i know , these written agreements here are pretty worthless , are n't they ? 
  the marriage-contracts are also very limited in its scope and ca n't really do much . 
  and i already heard that this is one of the most nasty areas to do anything legally in . 
  i am a law-student , and family - same as heritage law - are really gold-mines , but i would n't touch it with a 10 km long stick . 
  someone who did this and criminal law meant that he would meet more humanity when he deals with murderers than when he deals with anyone in a family-law-battle . 
  what annoys me about this even more is that europe is n't socialistic at all , since a socialist structure is defined by the nationalisation of productive means . 
  meaning means no private ownership of companies - so basically the udssr , a system european 's died to get away from , in order to get to the social democracies of the west . 
  honestly , i do n't know much about this stuff , the only way i got contact into that issue was when my father actually tried to get less contact with us than then legally required ( meaning that he did n't just want to have real contact , but also did n't want to pay at all ) . 
  i only asked because the `` father 's right '' discussions i had in the past was only about man advocating legal abortions in order to sever all contact with their spouses . 
  that said , i am for more possibilities of fathers to get more invovled in the life of their children , but i had the feeling that , even if gradually , the rights of fathers became stronger , that these `` of course the mother has the sole custody '' would go back , and that father 's got more right to actually test if these kids were his . 
  but about the concrete circumstances , i do n't really know much . 
  what do you consider real father 's rights ? 
  yes http://www.steuerklassen.com/lohnsteuerklassen/homo-ehe/ constitutional court and echr ( i think it was echr , i doubt that the ecj has anything to do with this matter , but in the source it just say eu-judges ) demanded it . 
  there is a civil union that equals most part of marriage , in special the law of heritage , tax law ( was just recently changed due to a ruling of the constitutional court ) , social benefits etc. 
  but there are differences though , in special considering the right of adoption . 
  as far as i know , in a civil union , only spouses of one of the persons of this union can be adopted by the other , but not kids that have no connection like this to them . 
  one last thing to this theme ( and therefor my last comment here ) : what i notice quite regularly in americans is that they tend to forget that their system is in many respect an system of extremes . 
  for modern time an extreme capitalism and a nation with extreme definitions of freedoms for example . 
  at the same time , you do n't recognize that there is a hell lot of spectrume between your system and the opposit extreme , but in the way a lot of americans talk , they really forget that not everything what is not like theirs is like the others . 
  for example capitalism vs. socialism . 
  americans have no clue about socialism , it prooves that europe is generally discribed as socialism . 
  you know what : it is n't . 
  the definition of socialism to nationalize the means of production , meaning all companies belong to the state and are completly organized by states . 
  the gdr and the udssr were socialist systems , and they failed . 
  europe is social capitalism , meaning that it is basically capitalistic , just with a little social undertone that we want to use more taxes for social means than the extreme capitalism of the us . 
  but the us calls this here socialism , because you only know socialsm from hollywood and how the republicans portraied social capitalism as socialism , so that now , everything that is not purly capitalistic is socialistic . 
  same with extreme interpretation of freedom and facism . 
  facism is a totallitarian system that is about controling everything that is not your own , reeducation and force to allow only one opinion . 
  that has nothing to do with what we have in europe were basically every opinion is possible apart from these who want to destroy the democratic system . 
  this is called a defensive democracy , not facism . 
  the difference here is that again , the us only knows facism from movies and from what people saw visiting europe during wartimes , but they never experience how it is to live with it , to see the socialel consequences . 
  our system was created in the knowledge of both systems , were we knew the horror of facism because , until 70 years ago , we were facists and were afterwards disgusted what it made of us . 
  and until 27 years ago , half of europe suffered under socialsim , hundrets died protesting it , dozens running away from it into the social democratic system , because they hated socialism ; families were destroyed by opressive forces ripping them apart because they dared to have another than the official opinion . 
  our comlete system was created knowing the real deal , not only the dissorted version that is propagated in the us to make every change into a more moderat system look demonic . 
  so , i would probably rething to baosting such theories that we are facist or socialistic here , because it makes you look like a total morron . 
  bullshit statistics fly on both sides , but with trump , they are the main agenda , when 70 % of the facts given can be disprooven , this is beyond what is normal in the political world . 
  and being against somebody can be as disruptive than being for someone , as long as you give him attention , he can spread his views , as long as you give him 24/7 media-coverage , his false facts can seem as true , even when the media starts to talk against it . 
  that is what conformatial bias is about . 
  and the basic idea of communism is that everybody gives what he can and takes what he needs , that everybody is equal , that is the basic concept , this was the basic concept when it was preached by jesus ( one of the first communist , just look at the vineyard-methaphor ) , and it was redefined by communists . 
  the idea stayed the same , but it was perverted by a lot of people because this philosophy is against the human nature who simply are not fit for such a life . 
  because of that , it failed , but if such a system `` give what you can , take what you need '' would ever work , it would work pefectly since it is the most effetive and at the same cost-efficient system , but again , it will never work , because it does not recognize the human nature . 
  apart from the idea that we should continue to confront russia ( hell , they are really facist , look what the did in ukraine , and that is not the first time they did that , whenever they see the oportunity to take over another state , they do so ) , i am not sure about hillary as well , this time , you certainly had the worse of two evil . 
  but at the same time , considering the european way , trump would never have won the primary because he would lost his media-coverage within days of the primaries , and you might have had the choice between hillary and maybe another bush or whoever would have succeeded . 
  but if you look what trump is doing , he basically sets the way for an international conflict that could easily steer the situation up enough to cause acutal wars , isis celebrates his election , and in special the recent muslim-ban as the perfect tool to rise up again by using him for their propaganda , within a week , he endangered basically every international relations the us has , he disrupted working political invornments that hold peace in big parts of the world for 70 years . 
  and if you see trump 's picks for a cabinet , you see an insane amount of people that are unfit , unqualified , a danger of corruption hillary could not even hoped to archive , and basically the worst picks in history . 
  ( text too long , so i write in several steps ) part 2 : what you are comparing the german system to is a system that cencores complete ideas , which is ( again , apart from the `` the nazi 's were n't that bad people '' ) simply not true , since there is no idea in principle that is inciting , just the way it is used . 
  you can say that you would rather have sharia as the commen legal system here , you can also try to work towards it , but you ca n't attempt to preach illegal jihad to do so . 
  you can say that the police officers should loose their job , that the police system is corrupt and that they shoot blacks out of racism , but you ca n't call out for cops to be murdered . 
  marching in such a protest does not equals that you accept every form of people supporting it , including violent ones . 
  here , the `` innocent before prooven guilt '' states that you only can be convicted if you not only support an idea , but actually wants this idea to be spread by violent means . 
  and also your examples with the values simply does not work since you can propagate every value , just not by means by propagating violence . 
  this is basically to ensure the democratic process , that every idea is on an even battlegroud of thoughts rather that the one that is not afraid to go to violence will take over . 
  also , it actually helps these movments like black live matters since it weeds out the people trying to do it with violence , thereby discrediting their complete movement . 
  all ideas should be part of the democratic process , but without starting to propagate violence , and that is basically what we do here , we allow the ideas to thrive and only take into action when someone is abusing the idea to spread violence . 
  that does not prevent an idea of existance , it does not outlaw this idea , it just keeps it in a spectrum where people fight for their ideas with words rather than violence . 
  i , personally , would start to go on the streets if these laws would be changed in a way that it stops being about the way ideas are propagated and turn into a prosecution of ideas as such . 
  i am also not happy with the banning of these nazi-insignia , but only because i think this would fit already in most cases in the idea of `` how to propagate values '' . 
  i do n't like that there is actually an idea on this list of banned things , it taints the complete law , but on the other hand , the constitutional court already made pretty clear that they will never allow any other thought to be part of this list ( the argumentation was that the german constitution was written as a counter-idea of the nazi 's , in order to include everything the nazi 's were not , so it is okay to create such a law for this very specific theme ) . 
  and , knowing the german constitutional court , if they fall on this ever , we are living already in facism . 
   even if you take the more offensive person richard spencer the actual white supremacist who was punched because of the narrative that incited violence against `` nazis '' that was still wrong and an act of violence , many people encourage it and cheer it including some of my friends on facebook and say it was justified which you could say incites more violence against his group . 
  should we arrest those people for inciting violence against richard spencer ? 
  do you want to pick up the gun and go tell them they have to get in a cage if they do not stop inciting or condoning violence against richard spencers or his group for their ideas ? 
  no we should not , unless they engage in a specific plot or act of violence . 
  the state has a monopoly of violence , and therefor i do n't really agree with the people on facebook alike . 
  the thing is , first , basically nobody is jailed for incitment of hatred , normally , it is only a fine . 
  i personally do n't know richard spencer , so i ca n't speak about how much he deserved it or not . 
  there are just a think i want to mention : this was something against as single person , this is not really anything that would fit into this law .
