  agreed . 
  i also think that , if eurobonds became feasable , that the anit-eu-parties of germany would also get a boost . 
  eurobonds are basically a poisen that is one of just a few issues that might turn the table in germany from being that pro-eu as we are to rather hostile , just because it would basically takes germany 's credability and spread it all over europe , thereby endangering the efforts of stability germany undertook in the last decades ( the spd , under which some of the major reforms are made , still have n't recovered ) . 
  also , something that i do n't know if it was already talked about , but that is a concern for me . 
  despite that the real numbers brexit gave , the uk was and still is a major net-contributor to the eu . 
  if they go , will brussels cut down the eu-household or will it rather be that the few other neto-payer will have to step in by starting to pay more ? 
  both scenario 's could lead to further tensions in the eu . 
   also remember that the eu people are against a norway deal and want something harsher . 
  my comment was an answer to this quote . 
  i doubt that the eu is against an norway-model because it is basically perfect for what they need . 
  they basically `` defeat '' the uk by making it betray the leave-voters , since the norway-model forces them to accept basically everything the leave-voters did n't want , it would put them even in a weaker position than before . 
  that would be a huge blow against leave-screamers from other nations . 
  at the same time , they can continue to deal with the uk mostly like they can at the moment . 
  so a double win . 
  but they will not sattle for anything lower than that . 
  if the uk does not want a norway-deal , than the eu have to take the hit by forcing the uk further out . 
  and to be honest , in the end , the uk imports stuff because they do n't produce it themselves . 
  if it comes hard on hard , the uk will import less because the economy will have huge losses creating less money to spend for people , but what they spend , they still have to import ( for big parts ) . 
  so , the exports into the uk ( or what still exists than from it ) would continue , just on a lower level . 
  edit : spelling, 
  even when the uk is out of the single market , it will still have to import from the eu since the stuff they need is not produced in the uk . 
  yes , they will import less because the nation will become poorer and they would have to pay tolls , but they would still buy , because they still need the stuff importet . 
  the idea that the uk just simply stop buying if they are out of the single market is dellusional . 
  let 's break it down . 
  big part of the stock market , one of the biggest markets of the uk , bases on dealing eu-papers . 
  it is already made clear that this can only continue if the uk is at least in a norway-deal . 
  everything less than that will destroy the eu-stock-dealing in the uk , which will be a big impact to the economy . 
  over 200 banks are already in the process to relocate big parts of their business out of london . 
  another big part of the economy are the eu-headquaters located in the uk . 
  they are only located there because this gives them access to the eu-single-market . 
  without eu-membership , they will go . 
  the car-manufactures are not in uk-posession anymore , but a lot of them in germans and other nations . 
  they are also dependend on parts delivered from the eu nothing prevents them to take money in the hand to relocated these if the trade-barriers hinders the production and the trade of them . 
  the chemistry industry needs basic componens of the eu as well , and it is not that difficult to create competition inside the eu . 
  but granted , it can life on , it will just get more expensive . 
  yes , it does not have to come like this , but this is a quite possible thing to happen . 
  so , in one fast move , most of the uk-industries could go into ruins . 
  and on the opposit , yes , the uk imports a lot , but only things they do n't have themselves . 
  things that are not produced enough in the uk will not suddenly produced after the brexit . 
  they still need cars ( and as said , even when buying uk-produced cars , the companies are still owned not by uk , for example mini is bmw ) , they still need all the other things they still import . 
  there is no threat by the uk to stop importing . 
  the uk basically have nothing to put into the negotiations . 
  no , individual economies of states are part of the larger eu-economy , which is part of the larger world-economy , the same as that economies of towns are part of economy of states that are part of economy of nations . 
  and at this very moment , the economy of the state great britain wants to participate with the greater economy of the eu as a whole . 
  no , not really , because the investments in the uk will drastically go down . 
  at the moment , nobody is that crazy to put any money in a economy that has the damocles-sword above their head and until the brexit is not officially cancled , this will not end . 
  it is more likly that more and more funds are taken out of the uk in fear of another hugh drop of the market when art . 
  50 is actually invoked . 
  well , the problem is that the uk actually voted in a lot of fields together with germany , creating a counterbalance against south-europen ( + france ) demands for further financial intigration and less austeraty . 
  it could probably increase the preassure on germany to accept euro bonds and similar things that uk opposed in the past together with germany . 
  did you hear commetns about that directly from the eu ? 
  up to now , i thought this was off the table since the conditions for the uk in case that they get a norway-style deal would go against everything the leave-campaign demanded : still paying into eu ( maybe even more than before since the outside-eu-membership fee would be higher than the discounted fee uk pays at the moment ) , still having to follow eu-rules , still have to abbide the basic freedoms of the eu ( including free movement of labour ) . 
  the eu does not want to give the the uk anything benefitial out of this deal , and a norway-system is not beneficial , it would be rather the opposit since it would proove the brexit 's stupidity and at the same time would basically give a death-blow to all the other leave-campaigns all over europe . 
  i have no clue . 
  i just refered to a post he made : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ppkhf/brexit_china_laughs_at_britains_hope_to_negotiate/d4n4xrk  [ -- ] united states of americadances_with_unicorns 22 punkte vor 7 stunden  honestly , watch [ michael dougan 's talk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustypbked8y ) ( transcript [ here ] ( https://news.liverpool.ac.uk/2016/06/22/transcript-professor-michael-dougan-eu-referendum/ ) ) . 
  it should give you a good idea of the complexities involved . 
  yes , 10 years is an absolutely normal timeframe for such an agreement . 
  well , the law-professor u/dance _ with_unicorns linked said that the uk has not the capacity to negotiate more than 2 treaties at a time . 
  so , it is impossible to negotiate with all at once , in special because a lot of nation will want to wait to make a treaty with the uk until the agreement between the uk and the eu is reached . 
  and this will take more than 2 years , these 2 years are only for the divorce , for the severing of all bonds , there will be no time to negotiate any new deal . 
  your comment prooves that you either do n't know her or you would like to rise your arm yourself . 
  she is the worst xenophopic , racist and stupid politician that germany produced since 1945 . 
  edit : wording, 
  that is the basic gist of europe 's stance until now and i ca n't see how this would change . 
  every step away from that principle would be a death-sentence for the involving politicians . 
  it is not about the part that they are against further federalism , but that they think they can be more successful ( or even make it on their own ) on their own if they just leave the eu behind . 
  not realizing that a big part of their current sucess is not despite , but rather because of the eu . 
  because uk will be a deterrend , 9 of 10 economics say that uk now got into a downpath . 
  they did it in the craving for their former status , not realizing that they lost their colonies that was the source of their former power , thinking they can rebuild their glory outside of the uk . 
  this way , new `` out '' - cryer in other nations will be silenced . 
  also , one of the most preventer of further integration is gone . 
  the problem is that investments into the uk already became less in fear of the brexit . 
  for investing into a region , two years is nothing . 
  as long as there is uncertaincy about the futur of the uk , money will stop to flow into the uk , a lot of international treaty will end since `` leave the eu and this contract gets terminated '' - clauses are not uncommon . 
  therefor , the change of the situation is now . 
  as the major of london states yesterday in the big brexit-debate , it is estimated that around 500.000 jobs depend on the eu  `` the economic case is crystal clear , the evidence is compelling ... here in london i see more than half a million jobs directly coming from the european union . '', 
  that is a combination of banks , but also european headquaters of different companies that would be forced to leave london in the case of an brexit since they are there to use it as a anchor inside the single market . 
  well , yes , for their european headquaters . 
  they are still branch offices , but quite big ones . 
  a big part of stock papers can only dealt with in eu-nations . 
  if the brexit happens , the reason for the banks to stay in uk is gone , and in order to continue to invest money inside the eu , they are forced to move . 
  and frankfurt , as the location of the ecb is the first choice . 
  to her defence in this case . 
  well , a united states of europe is something most pro-eu memberstates do n't want either . 
  the eu is just to diverse in its structure , culture and economy for that to ever work . 
  despite that i think as well that maybe 50 or 100 years from now , a use could and even should be aimed at , the process of doing so is poisiones for current discussions about the eu just because the changes that has to be undertaken are so drastical that it creates reasonable fear if it comes to fast without the right preperation . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustypbked8y&amp;feature=youtu.be the real life consequences analysed by an english law professor who , in contrast to most campaigners , knows what he is talking about . 
  than you never heard real experts talk at all . 
  as a law-student : he did his job very well to present the facts , and if you are bored with that , than you will not be able to survive any lecture that gives real information at all . 
  and if you do n't like to watch something with real information , than you should ' t call yourself an political geek . 
  hello , i am someone who has no clue about lawyers , in special lawyers specialist in international law , and try to sound smart . 
  when brexit happens , he would be run over by work that he do n't know how to manage that . 
  not only , as commented , would he be able to help drafting treaties in negotiations with the eu , but he would earn a fortune with presentation for an army of lawyers so they can consult farmers and porducers how to get their products acknowledged by the eu so that it can be sold . 
  do n't know if honest or sarcastic \u00b0 . \u00b0 . 
  i do n't hate it , maybe annoyed , i just see no future if leaving the eu . 
  all odds speak for hugh and longlasting damage for uk 's economy , and if i would be part of composition of a nation with such distinct national identities as the scotts and the welsh , i would try to get out as soon as possible just to save my ass . 
  first , the uk imports way more than it exports . 
  also , biggest exporeter in the eu : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_exports . 
  agreed , this list is a few years old , but by numbers , there was germany , france , netherlands and italy in front of the uk . 
  i know , the uk got better recently , but still , not the biggest .
