  the ecj ruled several times in the past that people applying for a refugee-status ca n't be sent back under dublin in cases that the nation they would have be sent to ca n't provide a human-right respecting treatment , something that neither the overstrained greece or hungary could have provide . 
  because of that , germany was forced to take them in and just acted like it was their free decision . 
  and the idea of a maximum capacity - well - merkel could have tried that until the constitutional court would have slammed this decisions . 
  a maximum capacity is such a gross violation of the human dignity ( art 1 of the german constitution ) that nobody in his right mind ( and no , neither seehofer nor trumpel s\u00f6del are in their right mind ) can demand such a thing , that is a call of the idiology of conviction since it demands an inpractical thing . 
  i am also not sure if the european court of human rights , which has the ability to make binding decisions for all eu memberstates , would have agreed to such a law . 
  what happens afterwards where that merkel 's speech was shortened in an amount that it changed its meaning , also there were ( partly intnentional ) misstranslation and missinformation spread in the middle east to make even more people move to the eu . 
  what merkel is to blaim for is her lack in communication skills that she did n't fight the false reports about her in time , that there were no information-system installed that send messages in the middle east to clearify what was said and what would be done . 
  but nontheless , merkel continued to stay on the side of responsibility first by attempting to solve the problem eu wide , motions which were rejected by people with the ehtics of convictions ( all refugees / muslims are bad is also a conviction ) and so she turned to the only one that could give a solution in the current crisis , erdogan . 
  by making that deal , yes , she empowerd a maniac even more , but that was the only solution left in the hights of the crisis . 
   control the flow of information * cough cough * murdoch * cough *, 
  yeah , but my comment was about op that meant that he want to have a realistic discussion , seeing that the fearmongering done by everyone was `` like revenge [ ... ] rather than a realistic prediction '' . 
  i agree with you that the idea that the eu would give the uk a special deal just because it is the uk is very unlickly , but that is something most people that make it sound as such predictions ( and the impact on the economy ) is too onsided . 
  and since there are people that like to close their eyes to this truth ( with calls like `` the german 's wont risk their car-manufacturers , so they will force a good deal for us '' ) , this has to be called out regularly . 
  well , it is quite hard to have a seriouse discussion without pointing at the elephant in the room , that the eu ca n't afford to give a half-hearted deal to the uk where they are exempted of major parts of the eu-system like free movement while keeping any positives of the single market . 
  such a deal would be suicide for the eu since it would be putting fuel in any seperation-party in the eu , from lepen , the afd to this dutch party . 
  therefor , it is a matter of survival of the eu to not give the uk a favorable deal , anything above a deal any other economy could get would be disasterouse . 
  and following out of that logic , the uk who 's most important export-partners are in the eu , and who has a lot of revenue and employment due to the eu-headquaters of different non-eu-companies , also that the eu is one of the biggest supporters of the poorer areas of the uk , this all leads to a rather realistical view that the uk is up for a hard time . 
  i read the title and was sure that was meant as / s . 
  seeing where else you posted that you mean it , what is actually sader . 
   consumers have to take the burden of more expensive products . 
  the exact oposit is the case . 
  as soon as a company has the monopoly , they can dictate the prices . 
  just look at this wonderful example of the [ us glasses-market ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caehudcy_by ) where a monopoly-owner of the opticians , the glasses manufacturer and glasses insurences controles the market and makes the prices skyrocket . 
  that is one of the most moron comments i read for a while . 
  we live in a democracy , and that means you can vote if you do n't like what is happening , as in the concrete state it happend will be in 2017 , or federal in the same year . 
  that is the system you have to take to do that stuff , or during the next major-elections of the city when you are angry at that particular major . 
  we see the peaceful protest of pegida who can protest as long as they do n't move into incitment of masses ( for example , no call for the opening of new concentraion camps for refugees or calls to burn them in their refugee-shelters ) . 
  these are all possiblities . 
  but the fact that they did n't took any of these but rather took the path of violence showed that they never believed they could do anything with peaceful messages , that they never represent the majority of people , that they just want to push their minority-view of the situation against the majority , because if they would be the majority , they would n't need to use this path . 
  so , the idea of `` peaceful revolution '' vs. `` violent revolution '' is rather an idea between `` peaceful revolution '' and a violent coup d'etat ( if you really think of anything like a revolution which aims to take over the government ) . 
  i know i am late to the debate , but actually , if you have refugees in your nation , you are obliged to give schooling to these children . 
  as long as these children are either legally refugees or un-determined if they are refugees or not , every nation is obliged to give them schooling . 
  when they are determined illegal immigrants , than it is something else . 
  i think they still should be schooled until they can sent back home , just to keep them out of the streets and limit the liklyhood that they become criminal ( which is basically bound to happen when you keep schooling from them ) , but still , it can be debated . 
  but keeping refugee-children away from school is a violation of a nations international obligation , and that is nothing new , that is the law for now 64 years !, 
  where did that happend ? 
  these people came illegally and will be deportent if possible . 
  they only tagged along the real refugees , and it is not that easy to tell these people apart . 
  i agree partly with that . 
  first of all , i am influenced through the media i consumed during that time , which was a combination of german and english articles , but from what i got was that there was basically always a fight between the troika and the greece government and that greece basically tried to keep everything as it was , and any attempt of colaboration was frutile so that the troika started to just do what they thought was correct without the imput of the greece government . 
  i am aware that this picture is heavily one-sided and that it is more than quite possible that the troika did a lot of wrong steps , but that the blockade-system that greece did , did n't help either to build up trust and stretched out the process alike , causing the austerity to become evene more unbearable since the necessary measures to let money flow into the nation again were postponed basically to force the eu to pay the money even without the implimentation of all measurements . 
  things that went big in german media was for example that , after it became clear that the greece taxation office was not able to collect the taxes , that germany put i think it was more than a thousand tax officers on hold to send them to greece when they ask for it , openly said they would help to rebuild this governmental office so that it would work more efficient , and they were never called into the nation . 
  stories like these are very well known in germany , and they create quite a lot of annoyance , not against the average joe , but rather against the greece government . 
  what made it even worse were the nazi-comparisons that came for a while nearly on a daily basis . 
  since the end of the wwii , it became common practice that germany bagged away when someone used the nazi-word and people are rather sick of it , so when more and more news surfaced of members even of the governmenting party calling germany nazi 's , this rather caused more anger and less sympathy . 
  what i want to say is that nobody knew a solution , and that basically two clashing systems tried to impliment their ideas into greece and that in special since both did n't really tried to colaberode , the hate started to stir up and everything got worse . 
  since i do n't think that neither sch\u00e4uble , nor the members of the troika the collective of european finance-ministers ( who , for at least big parts , were on the side of germany during the greece-crisis ) are idiots , so i think that it is a combination of not-knowing the situation properly , not being able to get a real plan for such a complex situation , and in special this clashing of ideas that did n't work together caused this disaster , and the german-lead austerity-movement is just one part of it . 
  but to paint as if germany is the sole culprit for the complete mess is , in my book , rather unjust . 
  well , it is hard to explain if you look at how greece spend the money they got cheap right when they entered the euro . 
  instead of governmental ( shifting the governmental strucutrs from paper-based to digital / creating a basic governmental infrastructure that provides things like a land registry / create effecitve ways to form businesses ) and economical ( apart from getting money to build holiday-flats that were never rented but rather used by the family of the constructors / also olive-plants that are farmed by foreigners ) reforms that could lead to a sustainable economy , it was rather used to blow up the government so that , compared to the population , greece had 10 times as many officials than , for example , germany , that were also , copmared with the average income , better paied than germany 's . 
  and that with an import rate of 70 % of the daily goods . 
  this system build up was made for money to leave the nation as fast as it flows in . 
  i agree that there were mistaks on the german side , but to blame germany alone is not painig a correct picture alike , and that nations like germany does not want to pay constantly when they have to fear that the money is not used to actually level up the economy , but rather to let the money flow out of the nation again , is also understandable . 
  i agree that public debt is necessary - if it is used effectivly . 
  but the trust that greece or the other nations that are in trouble can be left alone with just more money to spend is gone , and that is a problem that has to be faced . 
  the problem with brown coal is rather the spd than the cdu . 
  it is the attempt of the spd lead state of nrw that tries to protect the local coal-mining , and this state has quite a lot of influence since it is economically rather strong ( but grossly missmanaged by the spd ministerpresident kraft ) . 
  i think one big part of the current problem is that germany , yes , denies changes within the euro 's policy , but that for a reason that ca n't be denied either . 
  the last time nations like greece got a boost for their economy , when they entered the euro and it became cheap to lend money , they did n't use it for structural reforms to create a structur that is focused on sustainability , for example by spending the money to reconstruct the government efficiantly ( for example buying computers which are still lacking in a lot of govermental buildings ) , to lure in copmanies to settle there , to create a system that can actually work or do anything to prepare the nation for the future . 
  money was taken from the eu for example to create a land registry , but part of that money was given back with the information that they were not able to create such a basic institution . 
  instead , the goverment was made bigger while legal barriers for companies were actually created to create more jobs within the government . 
  the fact that govermental jobs are among the best payed jobs in greece is a worrying situation since such a system ca n't be sustained with their own taxes , only by lending more money . 
  and that is what happend . 
  when the troika came in , they fucked up quite a lot , but not only they are to blame , but also the greece government that prevented painful , but necessary measures ( to protect their electroate within the governmental jobs ) , so , both sides did heavy mistakes . 
  and to be honest , after such a situation , would you be willing to create eurobonds or similar measures to share more of the burden ? 
  in special after germany just went through the agenda 2010 that limited social welfare and job security in order to make germany more sustainable ( if this really worked and germany 's power is due to that is debatable , but at least germany did measures preamtivly trying to shift more to sustainability ) . 
  germany ca n't accept any kind of these reconstruction of the euro zone without a proper limitation of how and for what the south can lend money for , in special after this proove that the cheap money they got during the beginning of the euro was n't used , as planned , to lift the south 's economy up into a better level . 
  well , merkel did change her position quite often , normally depending on the positions of the electorate shown by the polls . 
  that is not awlays the case though ( see refugee-crisis ) . 
  but , at least it is preceived that way , normally she changes her position only once and than rather sticks with that change of position , and she normally does not make it seems that the changed position was always her position in the past . 
  it is well known when she changed the position . 
  that is different with gabriel who is perceived that the position he stands up for depends on the time of day and his current mood , and when he changes his position , he tries to make it look like he never stood for anything else . 
  within the refugee-crisis , his party acted hand in hand with merkel , there were of course controversies about the concret road map , but in the end , both stood for most of the policies . 
  now , when the people do n't like the policy anymore , he tries to act like everything that was bad was merkel , and anything good was him , and that is seen as traitorsihp and backstabbing . 
  by denying his participation in the situation , he makes everything worse for himself . 
  if seehofer is ever the candidate for the csu , it will be the day cdu/csu will fall under 20 % , and they will only get the votes that would go to the afd nontheless . 
  actually , i recently read some movements that try to establish a bavaria-cdu to end the regime of this local politician within the federal leves ( the csu is a purly state party , only one state can vote for her , and therefor they limit themselves mostly to please the electorate of this single state , fucking the complete cdu thereby ), 
   gabriel-headed government gabriel is known as the biggest weather vane within the german politics ( and that means something since normally , this position was for merkel , but he switches his position as often that even she will get dizzy ) and i do n't anyone who really trust him to do any good . 
  he has neither the real backening in his own party , nor in the electorate . 
   what evidence is there that these deals were only available to apple ? 
  apple told about how they negotiated them during the congress-hearing where the us questioned them about their dubiouse behaviour . 
  they spoke about how they negotiated them , and , as long as the apple deal as such was not applied to anyone else , the fact that they were negotiated is a proove that the deal was specifically tailored for apple to make them come to irland . 
  also , irland plans to fight against it , in there , if the eu missed how they made this ( or a comparable ) deal available to every single company that is statuated inside irland , than they can bring it forth . 
  if not , irland violated the eu-rules . 
   there 's no evidence that they apply only to apple . 
  but as far as i know it , there are no evidence that they gave it out to anybody else , or the majority of the companies on any trasparent rule other than `` they are big companies that do n't want to pay taxes in the eu '' , so as a conclusion , they discriminated against other companies . 
  the only evidence that can show that they apply it not only to apple is the lack of evidence that they were applied to a broader public . 
  first : single market and a fiscal union are two different things . 
  the states and the market interact with each other , but they are not the same , and so , a single market can exists without a complete cooparation of the states in from of either a single currency or a fiscal union . 
  the single currency is just an added bonus that makes everything even smoother , but it is not a necessity ( as you can see with the nations that are member of the single market , but not of the euro ) . 
  the shared currency and the fiscal union are in a difficult relationship . 
  on the one hand , it would be better for the single currency if all nations would share a fiscal union , on the other hand , the cheap money that comes along with such a change was already prooven to be abusable ( when nations like greece entered the union , they became able to lend more with less interests , and that only caused a spending spree with election-presents instead of structural reforms ) . 
  therefor , the eu would need a financial office that has union-wide financial supervision rights to prevent abuse of the fiscal-union . 
  non of the north-european nations could accept a fiscal union without such an institution , but i do n't know any memberstate that is willing to give so much competence up to the eu . 
   if the eu can retroactively change irish tax law again , the laws were not changed retroactivly , a sweat-heart-deal was determined as not legally applicable . 
  so , the general non-violating laws that created the low taxation-rate of 12,5 % are still active , only the sweat-heart-deal was deemed illegal . 
  and to be honest , it is apples problem that they created a system that violated eu-law . 
  they have enough high-payed lawyers to either make sure that they apply to the laws or at least warn them so that they break the laws with open eyes . 
  i believe no second that apple did n't know what they were doing , they just believed that they are big enough to get through with breaking the law . 
   which the u.s. will reject .
