  a schm\u00e4hkritik is an expression solely aimed to diminish a person without any real argument about who this was aimed against . 
  the poem itself therefor violated the law , and it is questinable if the context b\u00f6hmermann presented it save him . 
  so , the only thing she did was allowing a prosecution because of a probably unlawful action that is not protected by the german constitution . 
  in contrast , whenever it was clearly something that was free speech ( as the other satire just a week before that claimed that he beats woman and helps the isis ) , the german government does nothing about it , they held up the free speech . 
  so , the german government just stayed truth to the constitution by allowing the prosecution , not violating it because the person demanding something is a despot . 
  we are no banana republic that decides if they want to grant someone rights because they like him . 
  if they would n't have grant him the right , germany would have lost all rights to demand more democray inside of turkey !, 
   because it is n't a legal issue in the first place . 
  criminal courts ca n't decide whether or not a certain law is valid , or a law 's existence is justified . 
  constitutional courts can do these things , but they have to be invoked first . 
  and the courts can sent a request to the constitutional court whenever they want . 
  they have just to proove that the law itself , or the constitutional question , is curcial for the case , which it is here . 
  please , inform yourself about our current laws before you make assumptions about it . 
  and one information , the poem might really be illegal . 
  the constitutional court decided upon other cases of schm\u00e4hkritik , the form of text b\u00f6hmermann deliberatly created , and said they are outside of the protection of free speech and which are , in fact , illegal by at least \u00a7 185 ( slander ) and therefor also for \u00a7 103 ( slander against a represenative of a foreign state ) . 
  the question in place is if the way b\u00f6hmermann presented this poem saves him or not , but that is something even specialist lawyers ca n't agree upon . 
  no , there are two laws he violated , \u00a7 103 ( insult against a representative of a foreign state ) and \u00a7 185 ( normal insult ) . 
  there would have been a prosecution , if not for \u00a7 103 , than for \u00a7 185 , and it is not clear that his actions were legal . 
  so , either way , he would have been prosecuted , and if it was illegal , he would have been either fined under \u00a7 103 or \u00a7 185 , but the fine will most likly be the same . 
  merkel upset them before by just ignoring erdogan 's rants about exra \u00b3 , the one that made just a week before b\u00f6hmermann a satirical video about erdogan helping isis ( b\u00f6hmermann probably made his poem because he was outclassed by extra \u00b3 ) . 
  the difference is that b\u00f6hmermann could have violate the law , the decision about that has to be made by the courts , just as merkel saids . 
  it is not in her place to decide upon a crime , but the courts . 
  and that is something i just can agree upon . 
  actually , i am really mad at b\u00f6hmermann for doing this poem because he underminded the satire of all the other 's that criticise erdogan , because now he has an example where he was deliveratly baseless insulted that he can use to argue his attacks against real examples of free speech , he can now say `` these are just like b\u00f6hmermann '' without having to say anything about the actual context . 
  b\u00f6hmermann gave this maniac a weapon he could use now against everyone that tries to critic him . 
  it would have been nice if they would have made a more broader summery of the press conference because she said it is not in the government to decide between freedom of press and the constitutional right of personal honor of the idividual , but for the courts . 
  it does not mean that b\u00f6hmermann will be liable for his words , but just that it is up to the courts to interpret the law in single cases like these here . 
  do n't know yet , maybe . 
  if you are ever personally at the mainstation this year , you will see that new year changed quite a lot in the security there . 
  i study in cologe . 
  yes , there are areas where a lot of muslims are , but no , these are not no-go-areas . 
  and the incident of newyears-eve were mostly not people living in cologne , but traveling to cologne as one of the major tourist-areas of germany . 
  it is known that in special the domplatte is , because of the high frequencies of tourists , also the most prone for crimes of all sorts and from all ethnisities . 
  just because of one incident does not mean that germany is on fire . 
  there are no no-go zones . 
  greetings from a former citicen of berlin and someone who travels daily through cologne . 
  terrorist hits against paris : of all the attackers , only one was questionable if he was a refugee ( he had a faked passport , i have n't followed if he really was a refugee in the end ) . 
  every other terrorist lived in belgium and france for years , smoetimes their complete life !, 
  to act like the refugee crisis created these terror attacks is exactly this kind of stupidity this video riddicules . 
  and mass-rapes ? 
  yes , there was cologne , one incident , does not make it better , but also does n't make it to a german-wide daily problem . 
  i live in germany , i study in cologne , i travel daily through cologne and d\u00fcsseldorf , two major cities , and tell you one thing , mass rapes are not happening . 
  if you follow merkels statements and how the media repeats it , you will notice that the conatct to the media is her gratest weakness . 
  it is rather suprisingly that she managed to get that far despite her media-handling . 
  for example , when she spoke with a refugee-girl that told her that she lives under the threat of deportation a couple of month ago , it was reported that merkel told her that she had to leave and that the child cried because of that . 
  the truth was that she just discribed why not everybody can stay and that some people has to go and why , she never mentioned the special case because she was not in the position to do so . 
  but now it is general knowledge that merkel said the girl had to leave . 
  first , i love how people that has no clue how the german law works just comment because there is something they ca n't grasp and is therefor simplified . 
  the american word `` hate speech '' is not the translation of the german crime that we are talking about at the moment . 
  the crime is called `` incitment of masses '' and the act that is criminalized is defined as follows ( i translated it ) : the incitment to hatred against parts of the population wich include the call to acts of violence and despotism . 
  so , if you say : i do n't like muslims -  totally fine . 
  if you say : i want all muslims burn slowly in their asylum-homes -  not fine . 
  within the territory of the is , there are camps to train terrorists , there is the infrastructur that creates and sends out the propaganda-material and basically , as long as there is and islamic state , there will be the attacks all over the world . 
  yes , we have to do something about the situation in europe as well , but there will be always people who fall through the system , that fail , that are easy to get seduced by manipulative propaganda that is send out by is . 
  and there will be no ground war against nato , at least not as long as there are still kurds standing that fight . 
  the nato just will further assist the kurds so that there will be no real ground fights . 
  and this narrative , yes , the fight the west is a motivation , therefor the duty of europe to show also the humanitarian side of europe to disrupt the narrative again . 
  just attack the is would only help is , but as long as we continue to embrace the peaceful muslims , people who still think will see it and will make their own conclusions . 
  and these who will ignore the humanitarian actions of the west would join such groups as the is nontheless , even when the west would look in the air while is burns down the complete middle east . 
   well at least we kill some muslims right ? 
  with that you show what kind of idiot you are . 
  there were some valid points , but with that you killed your own statement . 
  to agree to a military attack against extremistic terrorists has nothing to do with any kind of `` war of relligions '' and by writing that i really doubt your motives . 
  you rather seem to try to develop a narrative as some troll of the is would use to further develope their narrative of `` fight between christianaty and islam '' . 
  for your information , i have no problem with muslims , i have muslim friends and you can search my history here on reddit , you will find that i went into a hell lot of discussion because i am for too much too pro refugees . 
  after that , now the reasonable discussion : first of all , i have not clue how random the airstrikes , in special of the us-lead alliance is . 
  i doubt that , if they have a battle-plan , they would n't tell to much about it . 
  to look like they do n't have a plan at all confuses the is in the modern information age more , so it is a good strategy to make the public think of shots into the blue . 
  but i agree that , if there is non , there has to be a long-term strategy . 
  now , about the ` pointless war of terror ' comparison . 
  there is a fundamental difference between the actions of the us in irak and afganistan and what happens today . 
  back than , there were functioning ( but inhuman ) governments that were running nations and the intervention got rid of these nations , but created chaos and havoc all over the place . 
  at the moment , on the other hand , we have an already destabilized region that is in the midst of a multy-party-war were all parties kill each other . 
  there is no working government anymore that the intervention could destabilize but rather attacks that could tip the luck of battle in favor of some party . 
  by bombing the is , the kurd ( and , unvoluntary the assat ) are gaining more possibilities to fight the is . 
  it is a helping hand in favor of some parties of this war against another . 
  also , europe is more affected by the current crisis than the us was back than . 
  there was one terrorist attack against the us and that was it . 
  europe on the other hand takes in hundrets of thousand up to millions refugees , therefor they are more involved in the current situation more than the us as well . 
  nontheless , the only point i can agree with you , they need a long term strategy . 
  diplomacy is the way to go - as long as it is possible . 
  but you ca n't argue with is , they will continue to do terror no matter what , as long as they live and their dream goes on . 
  their dream can only be destroyed if it is no longer archievable , and this means when they finally loose in the all-out-war that is the middle east . 
  and the sad thing is that he get 's up to date 11 points and 62 % liking - . -, 
  really ? 
  same thing as when i read rt : you must be russian to believe that . 
  no , not really . 
  i am a law-student who worked for quite some time in the field of international law . 
  it just happens that my parents enjoy their free time after all their children are out of the house and they are now pensioneres to work at this shelter . 
  it is rather inhuman that the refugees has to hope that there comes someone by who donates food because there is not enough money within the unhcr to provide enough food to live on . 
  and at a day without donation , there is than no food for a part of the refugees . 
  and no , i do n't think that all 16 million kurds should be relocated , but rather that they should get their own kurdistan , but that is another topic . 
  my parents actually work at the moment in refugee-shelters in their city and they never heard of any claim like you say , anything like `` slow wifi ' , it is rather about inhuman conditions in the refugee camps . 
  it would help if you really get into contact with refugees instead of hearing just claims for reasons they had by xenophobic propaganda . 
  and there is an ongoing military conflict within the turksih borders against kurds , open discrimination and injustice commited against them on a regular basis ever since the genozide against kurds under atat\u00fcrk . 
  sorry , but you think turkey is a safe nation for kurds ? 
  and that refugee camps that are heavily underfonded so that they can not guarantee food , that forbidds everyone to work , forbidds the children to visit a school ? 
  a nation that is about to change their system so that it will be an islamic state in a few years as well ? 
  a nation that had wellness-areas for is-fighters that were tired of fighting ? 
  a nation that let everyone who wanted to fight for the is cross their border ?
