  traditionally , this song belong to the local firefighers-band that play rather traditional music in front of a field of mattel-freaks :d https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phwgzahjqi8, 
  not from that area , but if i remember the reports happening quite awhile ago , this `` rape crisis '' that was reportet back than based upon the fact that the legal definition of rape in these nations are extreamly broad , so that things already count as rape which would not be seen as such in other places . 
  yeah - this ticket is really neat , i honestly would n't know how to survive without it since i do not live directly in cologne ( where i study ) , but travel there daily by train . 
  but to be fully honest , i do n't use the student-ticket anymore . 
  since a surgery two years ago , i now receive a disability-ticket with which i can use all public transport all over germany for 70 $ a year . 
  i get the money for the student ticket even back from the university due to this special circumstance . 
  well , okay , it depends on the university and the terms the student council was able to negotiate :d . 
  for me , it is a ticket for all of nrw , but i heard that other only have a city-wide ticket . 
  yes . 
  but most courses are thought in german , and you have to meet the criteria of a similar degree than the german `` abitur '', 
  yes , german universities are generally free ( apart from a 250 $ fee that mainly covers the mandatory state-wide ticket for public transport as well as some money ) edit : the fee is per semster . 
  in 8th or 9th grade , we had a little school garden and every class was responsible for maybe 9 x 3 meter of soil where we cultivated enough in order to have a salad for everyone . 
  first : this question is really broad and ca n't really be answered , since nobody can speak here for so many europeans as well , but can only speak about the little bubble we live in . 
  depends . 
  there is alot of anti-americanism out there , but that has little to do with trump since i witnessed this for years . 
  about the trump-situation : at least the people i am in contact with and discuss this situation are very much aware that there is qite alot of resistance in the us against trump , and the feeling of `` how stupid can they be '' are actually more about his supporters than about american 's in general . 
  but , at least i feel the same about the far-right in my own nation , just that it is not really possible for them to get a position in government . 
  i think what annoys quite alot of people is that the us often sees themselves in the forefront of modernity , both in technologocial , but even more in sociological aspects , and at least the latter , for us europeans , seems so not true . 
  it is baffling that a industrial nation was n't able to include all the important human rights treaties into their governmental structure , deny to be ruled over by the international courts for their misconduct , are basically always a hinderniss in every necessary economical modernisation , for example by creating restriction for the banking-market or restriction for environmental issues , also that religion has so much meaning . 
  basically , the american system feels rather outdated and therefor dangerouse since it does not have necessary protective measures against someone as trump . 
  writing this , i think the proper way to formulate is that we do n't have problems with ( most of ) the people , but rather with the system that represents the people that , in contrast to the self-bild of alot of american 's ( even the anti-trump-americans ) . 
  but that is not special to belgium i think :d . 
  could also fit for germany . 
  i was only twice in belgium before , but it seems like everyone drives crazy and dangerously . 
  as someon who actually participated in quite a few projects involving esa ( i studies a little bit space law and participated in a moot court that was organized by a subsidiary of esa ) , i have to disagree so much in this . 
  europe is today a major player in space . 
  i would have rather thought of people like goethe or maybe gutenberg edit : ja , hab mich verschrieben - . -, 
  we had flag poles , but the flags were only hissed during some special events - or when it was put on half-mast ( for example after 9/11 ) . 
  i think we only had the berlin and the german flag up there than . 
  never read it , but my sister devoured all the books when she was a teenager , so , as the younger brother , i got at least secondary knowledge of this , enough to can recitite the name of hadschi halef omar ben hadschi abul abbas ibn hadschi dawuhd al gossarah . 
  i personally am very much pro choice , and i actually meddle with this for a long time since i do n't want to have naturally conceived children at all . 
  i have a body disablitly that lead in my sister to a mental disability as well , and i do n't want to risk to give this heritage to the next generation . 
  because of that , i swore myself at the age of 14 to not get children without the help of a laboratorium , or just completly scrap the idea of biological children and adopt some if i find a wife to do this with . 
  i think , there are many reasons that a child should n't be born , and as long as it is not more than a cluster of cells , than i do n't have more bothers with it than by taking antibiotics . 
  art . 
  1 - art . 
  19 of the german constitution : https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_gg/englisch_gg.html#p0017 a lot of nations already have the human rights as a part of their constitution , but i whish all nations would do that . 
  the nazi 's had half of france under their controle , so to some degree , this happend both in france and by the nazi 's . 
  first , there are things that are allowed at other places . 
  for example , here in germany , suizide is not a crime and therefor to assist in a suizide is neither . 
  if you get someone everything he needs to kill himself , it is not punishable by law as long as the person with a death-whish does the action that causes the death ( as long as the other person did not manipulate the suicidal person to kill themselves or there is no special legal obligation to prevent the death , for example of parents for their underage children ) . 
  that said , i would also like to see a legal way for doctors to do what we call `` aktive sterbehilfe '' ( active assistance in dying ) , which means that , in contrast to the passive form , does not only mean pulling the plugs on the life-support system , but actually give the person something for them to pass away . 
  humanity came to a point where we can sustain life far beyond a point of human dignity , and when the person does not want to life on in the state they are in ( and as long as there is sufficient evidence that this idea is honest and has a good reason for ) , they should have the right to pass away as good assited as possible . 
  in germany , this would n't probably count as hate speech since the law `` incitment of hatred '' incudes the necessaty that you do it in order to incite another person to hate the same thing you hate , thereby aiming to create an atmosphere where the hatred can swing into violence . 
  so , the fact that some american might feel offended by that is not enough . 
  if you would be knowingly sitting in a tram full of jihadists , and you would mumble this in order to incourage them , than you might have a problem , but apart of that , no , such words would n't get you in trouble . 
  it really depends what you are looking at . 
  the `` grundgesetz '' , which is the german constitution , went into force in may 24th 1949 . 
  but in contrast for example to the american constitution that basically is mostly set in stone and only gets ammendments , most of the german constitution is worked on constantly and most parts can be changed . 
  as long as there is a 3/4 majority in the parliament , everything that is not protected by the eternity-clause ( which includes basically all human rights and the fact that germany is a social democracy with seperation of powers etc. ), 
  can be changed . 
  so , if you want the age of the current version of the constitution , it would be january 1st 2015 , since than was the last change in the constitution . 
  no , people work to pay for what you get for free in the first place , and only when they earn enough they start to get nice things . 
  normally cycling and walking is activity for relaxing in your free time , so it is basically the same as sitting at home , because it is something you do just because you feel like it , not in order to contribute to anything than your lazynis . 
  it is more inhumane that you want to rest your butt on other 's hard work . 
  my extended family runs a company for facility-services , your free time is bought among others from such woman that basically work their body dull and than have to pay taxes . 
  a social system is not only one way - from the taxpayers to the people in need , but rather two way , that these people that need something only take as long as they really need it , and with actions like you discribe , you abuse the system . 
  you can get reduction up to 100 % if you refuse to work , do `` one-euro-jobs '' or participate in projects to obtain further qualification . 
  your job is to get a job , and if you do n't want to do this job , the social office can cut your income down by 100 % . 
  well , the maximum sanction is 100 % of hartz iv ( http://www.hartz-4-empfaenger.de/hartz-4-kuerzung ) yes , this sanction is for three month , but by repeating violations you this can go on . 
  the way you discribe yourself would probably lead to the conclusion that all of the welfare would be stopped , only rent and insurance would be covered , but nothing else , until you start to look for a job . 
  that said , someone like him would get even his hart iv cut quite drastically since it is mandatory even for professional hartzer to at least seem like they try to get a job . 
  they would probably start shooting faster if they had to ba afraid that everyone carries a gun - and when basically their complete training is about how to shoot someone the best way instead of - you know - deesalation . 
  it has a reason why european policemen learn how to police for three years , instead of a few month in the us . 
  not realy in favor . 
  i think the right to vote should also include a right not to vote , and honestly , the people that are not interested enough to go to the ballot boxes are unlikly to inform themselves enough about the political parties even when they are forced to go to the ballots , so they make a decision out of the guts without any idea what they are voting for . 
  hell , most people that do vote do not really know what they are voting for , but if you go out of your free will , it is at least more likly that a higher percentage of informed voters go to the ballots . 
  for me , not being interested in politics is a valid opinion , and by not voting at all , you basically give your vote `` to whomever the other 's want '' . 
  the only thing that is a nogo than is to say either `` hey , we did n't want that '' when you weren voting , ot to point out that `` they are not rightfully elected , because only 20 % of all people voted for them '' , because not casting a vote is a vote to agree to what comes out of the election and to leave the rest of the people dicide . 
  ah , it 's okay , quite a lot of strugge and i got enough to study law , 
  still better than nrw where i moved next to . 
  that is so mindboggling strange , there were basically no exams in nebenf\u00e4chern at all since it was n't madatory . 
  well , to be honest , the school i went to after moving in the holidays from 10th to 11th grade was shit , and after a year there i moved to the next ( a good ) school , but there , i was than already that far behind that i was basically fucked :d ( first nrw-school : math and physics 1 - to 2 + ; first abi-exame in these two leistungsf\u00e4chern 5 ! ), 
  no , not really either . 
  that said , beginning with 5th grade , i lived in berlin , so that was quite a different world :d . 
  we analysed jazz-songs and such stuff , but never the german anthem . 
  i think the first time i really saw the german anthem in school was when the `` deutschlandlied '' was printed in a history book about the first attempt of a united germany . 
  in third grade , i lived in bavaria as well ( okay , franconia ) duting elementary and we never learned the german anthem , and certainly never the bavarian ( this is the first time i ever heard there is a bavarian one :d ), 
  a little tale from my family . 
  during the hight of the ns-time , a heritage - `` scientist '' came to the school of my grandmother and started to make this weire measurment-diagnostic with the result that she was the perfect german arian . 
  when asked about her heritage , she started to list basically every at least european nation , but my mother recently wanted to know more about the family of her mother and digged her ancestry up for a few centuries and they were literally everywhere , from portugal to jerusalem . 
  so , the reason why we do n't care from where you are is because your ancestry is likly from everywhere , we simply had to much migration during the last centuries , to many wars between all parts of europe including resattlement of people , slaves caputred , etc. . 
  there is no point in this kind of heritage idea because in the end , it boils down to with which society you are closest to . 
  ah , damn , looked up the wrong law . 
  this is section 331 , but i wo n't post that because it is written really strange , and i had to look it up as well , but basically , who violates his duties for his own benefits will face as a official up to three years or monitary damage , as a judge up to five years or monitary damage . 
   we are the ones calling them the enemy mate ... only after attacks in ukraine and violation of the international law . 
  before they tried to take over ukraine , the relationships were quite good . 
   no it was n't , it was against nato because nato has expanded towards russia the last decade and they originally said that would never happen . 
  not really true . 
  even when it is propagadet that there was this promise , such a promise first made it never into the agreement , and second , during these treaty-talks , they only discussed stationing nato-troups in eastern germany , something that is not done yet . 
  there was never a discussion about moving nato further east apart from that because everything further east was at that time the udssr , and nobody had expected to fall apart the year after . 
  i think the best way to discribe the situation in germany is to give you the wording of the law ( of the criminal code ) , since it discribes it pretty clear :  section 332  taking bribes meant as an incentive to violating one 's official duties  ( 1 ) a public official or person entrusted with special public service functions who demands , allows himself to be promised or accepts a benefit for himself or for a third person in return for the fact that he performed or will in the future perform an official act and thereby violated or will violate his official duties shall be liable to imprisonment from six months to five years . 
  in less serious cases the penalty shall be imprisonment not exceeding three years or a fine . 
  the attempt shall be punishable . 
   ( 2 ) a judge or an arbitrator , who demands , allows himself to be promised or accepts a benefit for himself or for a third person in return for the fact that he performed or will in the future perform a judicial act and thereby violated or will violate his judicial duties shall be liable to imprisonment from one to ten years . 
  in less serious cases the penalty shall be imprisonment from six months to five years . 
   ( 3 ) if the offender demands , allows himself to be promised or accepts a benefit in return for a future act , subsections ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) above shall apply even if he has merely indicated to the other his willingness to  1 . violate his duties by the act ; or  2 . to the extent the act is within his discretion , to allow himself to be influenced by the benefit in the exercise of his discretion . 
  just as a little explination why ( 1 ) specifically adresses that the attempt is punishable , but not in ( 2 ) . 
  in germany , there are two ways how an attempt can be punishable , either that the mandatory minimum sentence for this crime is at least one year or when the law specifically calls for it . 
  so , while under ( 1 ) the mandatory minimum is six month , it has to specifically ordered .
