  i would also say it does not only vary from country to country , but region to region and person to person . 
  i bet that a hell lot of pegida-ranters would say that only white people like them ( probably , if they would be free to say it , only with an arier-pass ) could be germans , while the more progressive part of the nation thinks that it does n't matter as long as the person in question tries to be really a part of this nation and this society . 
   you study what to want to study right away . 
  just wanted to add that this is also true for law-studies . 
  in other nations is sometimes a prior degree in higher education necessary for studing law , but here , you can go right out of the gymnasium ( german 's school form that prepares you fro university ) into law-studies . 
  no , the selling of fireworks are thightly restricted . 
  there is an possibility at any other time of the year though , but for that , you first have to get a permission from your city , with this approval you can purchase fireworks from specialist companies . 
  the only time you can buy fireworks without such a permission is between the 29th and 31th and the only time you are allowed to fire such a firework without permission is from the 1.1 . 
  0:00 and 1.1 . 
  ( but nobody cares if you fire already during the 31.12 . , it happens all the time ), 
  in germany , it is only allowed to sell fireworks between the 29th and the 31st december . 
  during that time , basically everyone buys that stuff and every little party makes their own firework . 
  we have also big national fireworks , and it is quite a celebration , but most people still rather make their own . 
  normally , i would do the same , but this year , i did n't buy firework . 
  i destroyed my notebook this year and with my new one , i ca n't play games anymore , so i rather put 50 $ in my gaming-computer-box :d, 
  festivals : how the heck should we know if there are festivals if you just give a nation without stating the actual city where you will be . 
  there are a lot of festivals in germany all the time , but not everywhere all the time , so it is impossible to say if there is anything you could reach than . 
  same with clubs , every city has their clubs , but without knowing the cities you are visiting , it is impossible to send you to any club at all . 
  yeah , because a system is only facist when they start with the mass-murder , and not when they deteriorate the seperation of power by limiting the power of the constituional court , limiting the free press and starting with nationalist propaganda . 
  but yeah , the mass-murder is the only thing that counts / s, 
  well , at least for poland , i knew 5 years ago that they were very conservative , but that i would never have thought that they would get a government that tries to transform poland into facism . 
  physics . 
  i loved it until the end of school when i realized that i still love the see the theories , to understand how the things connect with each other , how everything works , i just do n't like to do the math behind it :d ( which is strange because i also liked doing math in school , i just could never see it as someone i could spend the rest of my life with ), 
  i am generally very causiouse when it comes to direct democracy since it relies on the horde-mentallity of large groups . 
  political decisions are generally something to be very causiouse with , where you should take a lot of thought and a lot of effort into in order to inform yourself . 
  even when it comes to basic moral-questions , a normal person is barely able to understand the consequences of their decision and have to relay on the media to inform them . 
  we saw in brexit and during the trump-campaing how well the media is able to give an unbias view that people will trust . 
  the more emotionally charged the theme is , the more the most loud and obnoxiouse indiviudals are able to lure hords of people into their `` simple solutions '' , skilled speaker are able to dellude the information enough to create an alternative reality ( again , just see at brexit and trump-election ) . 
  i agree that we need democrasy , but what we do n't need is a constant election-fight with election-presents and demagogy , but rather a working political system where we vote for the people that we trust that they decide like we would decide if we have the necessary time , education and ( partly secret ) knowledge about the situation . 
  for me is a true politician who would than , with these facts , even work against their own electorate who are against this action because the electorate does not know and partly should not know what the politician knows . 
  if you like outdoors without something crazy , you should consider using a day to grunewald , in special the trail from moorlake to the peacock-island . 
  most people only visit the city-part of berlin , missing thereby that nearly 1/3 of berlin is rather covered in green , and that , when you visit the grunewald and the lake-area , that you can get in the middle of a climatic health area within the border of the city ( i do n't exaggerate here , i lived in zehlendorf and in the street i lived in was a retirment home that was put there for the clean air ) . 
  you could also do a little walk around the schlachtensee and the krumme lanke . 
  or strole in the area of the grunewald-turm . 
  these are the areas i know by name without looking it up since i lived there , but there are many more places you could visit to see the green berlin  . 
  i have to say , i do n't like the eagle on the euro-coins , he just looks strange and unpleasent . 
  i am normally not someone who wants the dm back , but it seemed for me quite a downgrade when i saw the new eagle for the first time ( the [ dm-eagle ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b8/1_mark_brd_1967_retouched.jpg ) ), 
  i just watch the movie `` der schuh des manitu '' ( the shoe of manitue ) , a western comedy from one of our more famouse comidians , where the taxans speak in a bavarian accent , and this was choosen for a reason  . 
  well , i would say the computer . 
  even when the zuse z3 is far from the computer we know today , it gave the first stone our new technology is based upon , technology , that is very efficient , 
  yeah , that is quite spot on . 
  it feels just weired that someone who 's ancestors immigrated in the 19th century to claim that he is still part of this european society that went through tromendouse changes in these 200 years , it feels rather ignorant for the real society they referring to . 
  well , that is not entirly true . 
  we still have the dr. med , dr. jur , dr. phil , etc. 
  and we still have a lot of people with diplome-graduation , like the dipl . 
  well , with professors , it depends on the field of study . 
  i study law and it is not uncommon to adress a professor as `` entschudligung , herr professor . '', 
  ( sorry , mr. 
  professor ) without using the name at all . 
  and in letters you should write `` herr professor ... '' ( as long as you do n't have a more intense contact to this professor and he offers you to not use it just like you discribed ) . 
  well , we have the [ fdp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_democratic_party_ ( germany ) ) , the free democratic party , that were once big . 
  they were several times in government , but fell from grace in the last two decades , they did n't even get a seat in federal parliament this time ( which means they got less than 5 % of the votes ) . 
  the road tax will be payed by everyone . 
  the only difference is that there the germans should not pay double for the maintanance , by car-tax and road-tax . 
  so , for germans , they continue to pay , just as they always did , just this time via the road tax, 
  at least that was the plan i heard of . 
  but this is the version from a couple of month ago , so i am not a 100 % sure what they did to please the ecj . 
  the politician that stands for this plan says that there will be no additional burden for germans , while the opposition say that this will not be true . 
  so there is a uncertaincy here . 
  but the plan is that the amount every german has to pay for the raod tax will be reduced in some sort or another from the car-tax . 
   what answer do you want ? 
  normally , as far as i have learned it , the assasination of archduke franz ferdinand of austria is seen as the starting point , but the other events would be correct as well , just less likly that anyone would know them so preceisly . 
   you are wery ambigious with your questions . 
  what is so ambigiouse ? 
  the north-sea , the baltic sea , the atlantic , the meditarranian and the black sea . 
  what is there so ambigiouse ? 
  the thing is , germany will also establish them for everyone , the only difference is that germany had their taxes priorly calculated on the basis that the germans shall pay for the autobahn with their car-tax instead of with a toll . 
  and that is the difference to austria , they had this financing via a toll from the beginning so there was no need to make higher taxes for the car-owners . 
  germany just want to change their calculation-system to something like austria , the only bad thing is that they did n't do it from the scratch on . 
  the toll will be collected from everyone , it is just a rearrangement of the system . 
  in the past , without the toll , the money was collected by taxes for the germans . 
  now , there is a tax-relieve in the amount the germans now have to pay the toll . 
  the difference in austria is that they had the toll for everyone in the beginning , so this toll could be calculated into the taxes the austrians have to pay . 
  what you say at the moment is that germany is evil because they did n't create their system like austria in the beginning , but only now wants to change into a system like austria , by creating a toll that is than honored during the rest of the taxes . 
  well , first , most people who have informed themselve refill their tank before entering germany . 
  and to be honest , if you have so many concerns about this system , than you should look at the nations that already have exactly this system in place already : * austria * swiss * italy * france * hungary * spain * slowenia * czechia and in special france and italy have the same , if not higher prices for fuel than germany . 
  so , i think one reason why these plans are especially popular in areas that are near the border of these nations ( in special near the austrian border ) is that they already have such a system in place to make others contribute to their system ( and thereby having sometimes terrible roads ) while others use our roads for free . 
  the big problem now is that something that was in germany free shall now cost money , even when others do this for decades by now without people complaining that much . 
  well , the idea is that , when you use the roads , you participate in the deterioration of these streets , and to maintain the autobahn is really expensive . 
  because of this , the usage of the autobahn itself is supposed to be charged . 
  at the moment , the maintainance of the autobahn is payed by the state , and ( so the idea ) this happend for a big part out of the money of the taxes the germans pay for owning a car ( well , not really because the autobahn is in not that good of a state and we should put more money into the infrastructure , in special our bridges often in terrible conditions ) . 
  so , instead that only german 's pay for maintaining the autobahn , this part of the car tax should be shifted to the road-tax that now not only germans have to pay for , but every user of the autobahn . 
  and since germany is a transit-nation that is used a lot to travel between east and west europe , the german autobahn is actually used by quite alot non-germans . 
  at the moment , germany tries to impliment a road tax for the autobahn , aimed especially for foreigners that plan to use the german autobahn ( it is planned to reduce car-taxes for germans basically equally for what this new road-tax will cost ) . 
  as far as i heard it , it is a similar system to the austrian road tax . 
  several european nations tried to block this law with the help of the ecj , but at the moment , germany got the right to pass this law . 
  ah , i actually did n't heard of that discussion before , i always learned monte blanc . 
  just after looking it up now i see the discussion if not the mount elbrus can be counted to europe or not . 
  yeah - for everyone that believes the world wars were the most destructive phase of germany , you can give them this to read : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war#casualties_and_disease . 
  i would argue that the [ peace of westphalia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peace_of_westphalia ) still has significants to our society , not because it is referred to on a daily basis , but rather because the effects are still part of our society . 
  the 30 year war devestated germany beyond believe , killed 50 % of the population , and that over the question if catholizism or protestantism was the true christian beliefe . 
  because this was was clearly not ending , the peace of westphalia was formed with the effect , that the states could choose their own ( christan ) beliefe freely , and that the state could n't harass the citicen if they choose their own ( christan ) beliefe . 
  to stop the tension between the different beliefes that now had to life together , the society changed in the manner that religion became something for your private home and for the church , but you stopped using your own beliefe as a daily topic to prevent fighting . 
  and this is something we can still see today . 
  germans feel regularly quite queezy when someone is too open about his religion , just talks too much about it . 
  it feels not only annoying , but like he is stepping into territory where he does not belong , he reveales something that should stay in private . 
  everything more than a cross or other religiouse symbole as a necklass feels just wrong . 
  the mentality is normally `` you do n't ask , i do n't tell . '', 
  what was the event that started wwi ? 
  which leader of european countries do you know ?
