  honestly , i did n't make a single friend there , but mostly spend the time by myself . 
  i had one guy that followed me , but he was rather backstabbing and he basically followed me because i was the only one that actually was nice to him ( well - he was the bully-victim of this school , and the stories i heard some kids praising themselves for doing to him disgusted me to no end ) . 
  no clue , but i would imagine france is most likly . 
  in austria , he won agains them in a war , but did n't annexed any of their territory , which was pretty unusual in that time when you won a war , so i do n't know if there is still some hard blood in the history due to that . 
  i am not sure , but i could imagine bismark is not very liked in other parts of europe . 
  here , he is seen as the father of the social incurances and the father of the united germany . 
  yes , he had quite some flaws , but , at least the perception , he is generally liked here . 
  well , the first question is : what is poverty ? 
  there are different definitions of it , and thus , it is actually quite difficult to pinpoint the problem and solution that precisly . 
  in germany , the definition is that , whoever has less than 60 % of the standard middle-class income is seen as poor . 
  under this calculation , there is somewhat about 20 % endangered of poverty , which is devestating . 
  that said , it is possible to live with that amoung of money , even not good . 
  the state makes generally an effort to help kids , but often , the beaucracy behind it is to annying for some parents ( when they even know about it ) . 
  for example , the state pays school trips when you are too poor . 
  they also pay for clubs or other activities , pay even sometimes private tutoring . 
  the situation is quite a mess and something has to be done . 
  yeah , but they will die soon anyway . 
  with the new law that basically destroyed their financial basis , they will go down soon . 
  ( for these who have no clue what i am talking about : after a suggestion of the constitutional court in the discribed case what the parliament could do against this unconstitutional party apart from forbidding it , a new law is implimented in the constitution that takes away the public funding of unconstitutional parties that are too insignificant as that they could be banned . 
  from the moment on the law is implimented and it is requested by the constiutional court to rule that this law is applicable to the npd , neither the state will pay anything to the party anymore and all tax-brakes that party-donations normally generate will be removed for them . ), 
  very . 
  they stay fair insofar as not to insult or anything , but it is quite clear that they are in favor of the german team as they can expect that basically all that watch the match in german are also in favor of the team . 
  i do n't know what you want to do and thus how much money you want to bring with you , so for the unlikly case you have planned to do something really fancy , there is a limit how much cash you can import without problems . 
  if you bring more than 10.000 $ in cash with you , than you have to inform the toll office in the airport . 
  well , my grandmother was a little child during wwi . 
  she was born in 1913 , so she was 5 when the war ended , but i never have heard story about that time . 
  when there were stories in the family , it was rather about how she tried to raise kids during wwii . 
  well , we learn about the deaths of the american natives after the first europeans landed there , we learned a little bit about your ancestors were put in these reservats , but that its mainly . 
  for the rest , it is a well liked costume during carnival and are used in songs like `` lasst und cowboy und indianer spieln '' ( `` let 's play cowboy and indians '' ) or `` wo sind all die indianer hin ? '', 
  ( where are all the indians gone ) , but they are more about the romantizised versions kids played as . 
  there is of course the famouse book-series of karl may , which was a german author of western-novels , but i doubt that they really are much about the real american natives as the kids-phantasies . 
  that is something different . 
  what you have to pay for is one thing , but only because these operators are not covered in your data allowance , it does not mean that they are allowed to throttel your speed because you do n't have it in there . 
  not much , i have n't really meet anyone with the same last name as mine . 
  well , i encounter sometimes someone who knows someone with the same last name , but it is really uncommon . 
  basically , only these have my name who 's ancestors are from the same area in the eifel ( belgian part ) where this names originate . 
  the eu has binding laws for net neutrality . 
  thus , net neutrality is legally binding for all memberstates . 
  it can be touchy when you do n't have the feeling about the right situation and the group of people you are with . 
  the thing is , the nazi-phrases are seen more seriouse here in general . 
  godwins law is something i only encountered as i started to look in the english-speaking world , as it is n't really a thing in germany . 
  yes , we also call someone nazi 's , but than , there should generally be a good reason for that ( for example some rather right-wing tendencies ) , apart from that , it is not very much liked to use the nazi-card at all , as it feels like you try to bully the other side into an opinion . 
  that is also why , despite whom we hate as politicians , when another nationality starts with nazi-comparisons , you can be quite sure to have a marjority of germans aggitated as this was a common way to basically bully us on international stages into certain political opinions in the past . 
  it depends a little bit . 
  trump supporters are a tricky example , as long as they at least stay on a factual level , yes . 
  but , trump himself is an inciter , and his actions would probably seen as a danger of democracy here and thus , it clashes with the idea of `` streitbare demokratie '' ( fighting democracy ) that basically states that all opinions are okay as long as they do n't try to dismantel democracy and human rights temselves . 
  ( the democracy does not have to tollerate the abolishment of itself ) . 
  in special trumps inciting tendencies therefor would n't be tollerated well in germany , and his supporters that stand behind these values also . 
  the concept of streitbare demokratie is more of a german idea , but the principles of incitment of hatred are , as far as my discussions with other redditors about that theme showed me , are rather universal in the eu . 
  they differen in some aspects , but are mostly similar . 
  also , the echr was , for big parts , influenced by the german constitution , and thus , several ideas how to use these rights are influenced by the german principles as well . 
  so , due to the fact that all of europe is part of the echr , all of them have at least to some extend these principles in mind . 
  i made a copypasta a while ago , so here it is : well , on different levels . 
  first of all , about me , i am a german law-student whos university also offers courses on american law , held by two american lawyers . 
  thus , i have quite a good understanding of the german law and a basic understanding of the american ( as much about the constitution as you can get hearing a lecture about it for a semester ) . 
  first : the constitution is too short and too veague . 
  things that belong in a constitution are not part of the american one . 
  for example the court structure , especially a set of rules when the constitutional court has to hear a case ( and not only when they feel like it ) , the legislative process , a more detailed framework what the president can and ca n't do . 
  it is mindboggling what the congress can dicide upon without a constitution-changing-majority , for example how many votes are necessary to change what kind of law for example . 
  okay , some examples i have in mind are also state-law , but it is also strange that the state-parliaments are able to change on a whim the authorities of their gouvernor when they fear that they might loose in the next election in order to prevent them from acting properly . 
  all such provisions belong in a constitution in order to prevent exactly such form of manipulation . 
  i know that the us has quite some case-law about such principles , but , in special with such fundamental structural decisions , this is not enough . 
  a case can be overruled at any time , also , a patchwork system that only derives from case-law can never be as comprehensive as a detailed worked out system of laws . 
  the case-law is than only there to patch up what was forgotten there . 
  second : human rights . 
  a modern constitution should have the human rights as part of their constitution , so that , in order to limit or get rid of some of these , it needs a constitution-changing-majority . 
  you could even follow the german example ( we are the only one that have it to such an extend ) and put an eternity-clause on them so that , as long as the constitution exists , the human rights ca n't be fundamentally changed . 
  this is especially interesting since the bill of rights generally only works for americans or people that america has legally on their soil , instead of granting them universally to all humans . 
  the lack of such an implimentation basically allows the us to screw over the rest of the world and create such places as guantanamo , in which the us can act as much as a tyranny as they want since the limited protection the bill of rights grant fails here dramatically . 
  if you want to go the full length , you could also impliment a social aspect ( which , as far as i know , only the us fails to have in contrast to the rest of the modern democracies , apart of the uk maybe , i am not sure there since they have no written constitution ) . 
  this basically creates a title for citicens to request social help , and lawchanges like with health care at the moment would be impossible . 
  and if you argue that it is your decision about healthcare , than i agree with that , it just makes us to a outdated state to have this issue that was resolved in europe around 1900 and the following years . 
  third : include , together with freedoms , also protective rights . 
  this means rights that do not only allow the single person to prevent the state to do something against them , but also empowers the single person to demand that the state provides the person with something . 
  like constitutional workers-rights , or constitutional union-rights . 
  also constitutional equality-rights ( for example the german version : the state has to tread equal situations the same as long as there are no reasons to treat them differently ) . 
  at the moment , the bill of rights basically only prevent the state of violating their citicens , but a state should also have the duty to activly care for its citicens enough to restrict others from harming them , and the basic principles that the state has to protect belong in the constitution . 
  foruth : this is the main part where i use this argument regularly : the interpretation of freedoms . 
  for that , i just use my old copypasta about the freedom of speech , but you can easily transfer the ideas to the other rights the us has . 
  the american freedom of speech-notion is somewhat flawed and outdated . 
   the idea that absolute freedom of speech , in special the one to diminish others with lies and falsehoods , is basically very open to abuse . 
  you can see that every nation who has not ( very moderate ) restrictions of free speech like laws against incitment to hatred is very vulnerable for demagogues and hate-preachers , or political figures that try to ride on a wave of hatred , lies and distrust in order to sway the public attention to themselves ( cough trump cough ) . 
   the us-system has the problem that the principles of the constitution was written at a time where the only danger to democracy known to man were the despots already in power , so ideas were thought up to pevent these from abusing their power . 
  what was not known and also not thought about is the danger from people abusing the freedoms given in order to become despots , destroying these rights as soon as they are in power . 
  this problem became only really obviouse with hitler , who used rather liberal free-speach-ideas during the weimar republic to gather a followership he could use to take over germany , just to destroy all the existing freedoms to prevent others from following him , rendering the legally still existing human rights pointless . 
  you can see this same notion repeated again and again in other former democracies turning insane , like turkey with erdogan for example . 
   so , the only way to battle these are the more modern western democracies in europe that redrafted their constitutions after hitler , or who adapted principles of human rights like the echr that allow very moderate restrictions of free speech ( for example through incitment to hatred-laws ) to prevent despots of gathering a followership to dismantel democracies . 
  while these laws do not prevent such `` ignorance '' of being spread as you said it , it slows down the process and helps to get over these . 
  edit : just for clerification , this is my opinion , not the one of my professors . 
  the one i heard the bill of rights from is a former lawyer for the american civil liberties union and therefor a fan of the constitution . 
  because i am a german law student that used the possibility my university offers to take american law lectures . 
  also , by actually trying to look ath te american political strucutres and comparing them to ours . 
  the result is that i think at least the political and legal system is a nightmare that is in need of a massive reform , down to a new constitution as the current one is mostly an interesting hoistorical document about the development of democracy , but has nothing of a good modern constitution . 
  in addition , the eu is paying quite alot of money to all the nations ( some give more back though ) . 
  so , stopping the payments are optional . 
  also removing the vote in the eu council , basically excluding them from the eu policy-making . 
  i talked with my best friend ( turk ) when i had to get circumcised due to a phimosis . 
  he said he had only a incomplete one , same as his brother ( so not completly gone , just shortened ) . 
  that said , his family was not really relligiouse , this friend had once a hugh fight with a turkish waiter after this friend ordered a ham-pizza . 
  jews , muslims and people with phimosis .
