  i could think that the lawsuit was not refused bcause it can happen that employers do stuff to trigger such situations . 
  for example , you have dozens of jobs to do , but you single the one muslim always out do handle the pork , even when there are a hell lot of other people to do so , than this might be discriminatory . 
  something else is when he is a cashier where it is natural to handle every product sold in this shop . 
  the thing here is that it has to be determined the concrete situation , and because the employee often says everything he wants in the written argument , a court-trial has to be done for the judge to determine who is lying or overexagerating . 
  but that answers nothing about how muslims interpret these laws . 
  there are people , even these wearing religiouse symbols , that act more or less strict , the one just does not eat pork , others do n't even touch it , and even others ca n't even sell it . 
  by applying the most strict and literal interpetation to all of these mentioned above , you prevent people that do n't want to life the strict way to do so . 
  edit : that is also why i wo n't go in any kind of religiouse interpretation of the quran , because there are enough muslims that do the same way of picking out their beliefe from all of their religion as there are christians doing so . 
  that is the normal religiouse life of most people . 
   from my pov , a headscarf or a long beard means that person is a radical . 
  and i meet woman with head scarf in my unversity that were not radical , just as i know muslim man with beard that are not radical as well . 
  i spend with them time , i ate with them , the only thing was that they just did n't choose the pork meal during the lunches and when they attended events they choosed the coke instead of the beer . 
   hrs do n't look for skills on paper as much as for decent personalities that will fit in the team . 
  i am aware of that , but again , there are different interpretations , some are just as hateful against gays or , for that matter , jews , as some of the radical germans , some are not . 
  again , i were in groups with people wearing headscarf or beard and with openly gays without friction . 
  and , yes , i was in job interviews before , and actually , i get a hell lot of briefing about that due to the fact that i have several owners of companies in my family ( for neither of which i worked , but the job-interviews were with others ) that do such interviews regularly . 
  the question if they fit in is important , but just from my personal experience , a headscarf says nothing if a person fits in or not , and that certain qualifications are a sign of a mindset of more open and liberal muslims . 
  the same is with the bible and eating meat on friday . 
  does that mean that in religiouse areas the stakehouses has to close down on friday ? 
  edit : for the sake of this argument , i want to add the story of a friend of mine who is believing catholic , who attended and work the catholic youthday as a volunteer when it was held in germany , and is in general one of the strictes catholics i know about . 
  and she eats meat on friday , something that she should n't do after the bible . 
  the religiouse rules and the concret interpretation of the person are often two very different things . 
  that again , depends on the personal interpretation of the single person , but you ca n't determine that by just the picture and the name . 
  you have to ask the person , when he or she applies for the job , if he/she is able to handle the products , including pork and alcohol , and if they say no , than say goodby and do n't give them the job . 
  and if they say yes , but than still refuse to do so , than say goodby and fire them . 
  see the muslim i talked about prior to that . 
  or , another exmaple of my best friend in school who was of turkish origin , but did n't believe anything who went into a big fight because a turkish waiter did n't want to sell him a pizza with bacon on it since the waiter wanted him to honor the food restrictions . 
  the waiter is an asshole and should n't be employed in such a job , but that does not say anything about the belief of this friend of mine . 
  yeah , it was his , but you ca n't determine his interpretation when you do n't at least let him come to a job-interview . 
  there , it has to be said by the possible employers that this job includes handeling pork and alcohol , and if he denies that , than you have the reason not to give him the job , but a name or a headscarf is not enough basis to dermine that he is unfit for the job . 
  looked it up , muslim lost the case . 
  please , only bring cases that outrage people that bears anything in them that had an actual ruling supproting this . 
  as long as it is just a claim done in front of the court , there is really nothing to write home about . 
  employers are sued by all kind of employees all the time on every basis possible . 
  the liklyhood that this guy wins is not that great . 
  look at \u00a7 8 and \u00a7 9 agg :  ( 1 ) a difference of treatment on any of the grounds referred to under section 1 shall not constitute discrimination where , by reason of the nature of the particular occupational activities or of the context in which they are carried out , such grounds constitute a genuine and determining occupational requirement , provided that the objective is legitimate and the requirement is proportionate . 
  same with section 9 paragraph 1  ( 1 ) notwithstanding section 8 , a difference of treat ment on the grounds of religion or belief of employees of a religious community , facilities affiliated to it ( regardless of their legal form ) or organisations which have undertaken conjointly to practice a religion or belief , shall not constitute discrimination where such grounds constitute a justified occupational requirement for a particular religion or belief , having regard to the ethos of the religious community or organisation in question and by reason of their right to self-determination or by the nature of the particular activity . 
  edit : that case was from 2011 and the muslim lost : http://juris.bundesarbeitsgericht.de/cgi-bin/rechtsprechung/document.py?gericht=bag&amp;art=pm&amp;nr=14999 ( german source ), 
  we had a big backery-shop within the station , including pork - and beef sausages and freshly made sandwiches with diverse toppings , also cooling-sections where you could get lunchmeat . 
  but this gasstation was not normal , we have quite whealthy groups in our community with the result that we had three meters of cooled shelf-space for white-wine and champagne as well as a similar ( not cooled ) space for red wine . 
   exactly the opposite , its those anti-discrimination laws that make them invincible from being fired for reasons based on their religion/ethnicity/race . 
  and that is total bs . 
  section 8 paragraph 1 of the german anti-discrimination law ( that bases on the same eu law as the other anti-discrimination-laws )  ( 1 ) a difference of treatment on any of the grounds referred to under section 1 shall not constitute discrimination where , by reason of the nature of the particular occupational activities or of the context in which they are carried out , such grounds constitute a genuine and determining occupational requirement , provided that the objective is legitimate and the requirement is proportionate . 
  same with section 9 paragraph 1  ( 1 ) notwithstanding section 8 , a difference of treat ment on the grounds of religion or belief of employees of a religious community , facilities affiliated to it ( regardless of their legal form ) or organisations which have undertaken conjointly to practice a religion or belief , shall not constitute discrimination where such grounds constitute a justified occupational requirement for a particular religion or belief , having regard to the ethos of the religious community or organisation in question and by reason of their right to self-determination or by the nature of the particular activity . 
  so , there are legal basis there that enables you to act , and these laws are used on a daily basis . 
  other claims of the application of the anti-discrimination-laws are , with the examption of a few actuallly rather idiotic examples i get furiouse myself about where the courts screw up ( for example that you ca n't ask a substitude you hire for a woman in maternity-leave if she actually is pregnant herself so that you might end with a substitude for maternity leave that takes during her complete time a maternity-leave ) , reasonable and are normally reasonably used . 
   its related because it highlights one of the issues of islam in modern secular societies . 
  muslims are having huge problems in assimilating to western europe so employers dont want to risk and waste their time searching for employees from a demographic that has even a 10 % less chance of yielding good employees . 
  that depens highly of the education of the person . 
  if you have someone who is already qualified , it meant that they went through an education-process similar to the german applicants . 
  in most cases , the turkish people that are not willing or powerful enough so that you do n't want them fail during these steps in the educational process , so the grades are a pretty good indicator how willing this person is to commit itself to your copmany , a better indicator than a headscarf . 
  edit : corrected some issues in the quites regarding the formattting of the text . 
  in these cases , you can and should kick them and actually , that would be okay with the anti-discrimination-laws . 
  but first : that is not a reason not to invite someone to a job interview since there are more strict and more moderate muslims , as there are more strict and more moderated people in every faith or political view . 
  you should at least ask them if they are willing to work properly and when they say they ca n't , kick them . 
  and when they lie and than refuse to touch anything , than kick them for lying during the job-interview . 
  and second : again , this was about jobs as a secretary , so there is no need to touch alcohol or pork during that job . 
  so , what does this problem has to do with the article ? 
  first : that happend here in cases that job has nothing to do with either alcohol nor pork , but basic office-jobs . 
  if there is really the need to touch these products , there is a legitimit reason to discraminate on the basis that the worker could n't do the job . 
  but for anything else , this discussion is rather mood . 
  yeah - because that happens only in jobs where you have contact to alcohol or pork - . - . 
  and , by the way , i worked at a gasstation together with a muslim ( he was the co-manager of that station ) . 
  when you sell alcohol , you do n't have a problem since it is in bottles . 
  and with pork : since we all were forbidden to touch the fresh products without either tongs or latex gloves due to hygiene-standarts , that was not a problem either when he had to either sell the pork-sausages or had to prepare sandwiches with pork-toppings . 
  so , your comment is completly baseless . 
  first : what i meant is on a federal level , but agreed , even than , at the moment , it is not very likly that they would reach the necessary majority . 
  actually , i would be quite fond of a cdu-green coalition . 
  it works in baden w\u00fcrtenberg and honestly , a conservative approach to the green movement could help it to fresh itself a little bit up . 
  it would get the greens away of this nanny-party that tries to demand too much of the people . 
  i lived in berlin during the time of the red-red coalition , but even when i moved before the grand coalition formed , much worse than red-red could it have hardly been . 
  and if you speak of the federal level : cdu-greens is more likly to happen than red-red-green , for that , the lefts are too stigmatised as a purly oposition party in special in the west ( for good reason though ) and it would cut the spd deep into their own flesh . 
  either it is enough for red-green ( which is very unlikly ) , or it will most likly end again with a grand coalition . 
  yeah , they are often pretty left-winged , but they have also their more conservatives . 
  i do n't know their current agenda , but i know that they left the one-issue-theme sometimes in the late 90 's . 
  when fischer started to wear proper clothes and behaved statemans-like , they started to become more normal . 
  actually , fischer ( who ended his policial career in 2006 ) is one of the old-greens that had quite a political impact since he was the one that told the us during the m\u00fcnchner security conference ( as the german foreing minister ) that he did n't believe in the evidence given by the us to go to war in iraque ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_k_qbpfl7rm ), 
  die linke was several times in the governing coalition in berlin . 
  berlin was always rather left-leaning and a lot of old sed-friends are still there , so they have a loyal voter-base . 
  center left . 
  the greens are generally more left , and die linke ( meaning `` the left '' ) is the most radical left . 
  the greens are quite big for quite some time . 
  they were in the governing-coalition on federal level under chancellor schr\u00f6der . 
  they basically started the green movement in germany that lives on today . 
  i would n't have thought that germany is still that religiouse . 
  there are big numbers of people dropping out of the church . 
  but i think , part of this is that the church in germany is more liberal than in most parts . 
  i went to a katholic school myself ( as a portestant ) and the only difference was that religion was mandatory until the end of the school . 
  but actually , i went there because they were among the best schools in the area , with high grades and actually these advanced science-classes i wanted to take . 
  i think , a big part that you do n't notice who exactly is religiouse and not is that religion is a non-issue among most of the people . 
  there is this social rule `` do n't ask , do n't talk about '' . 
  i only know the religion of 4 of my friends since , when you know them pretty well , there might be something happening that make you ask . 
  but that 's it . 
  everyone who talks about religion outside of religion-class in school or the church seems suspiciouse . 
   , if it serves to release the chokehold that especially the cdu and the spd have had on this country for decades ehm , the opposit will be the case . 
  the afd takes voters from the established parties away , so that coalitions outside of the cdu/spd is even less likly . 
  spd/green is already rather impossible , the spd is just to weak at the moment . 
  cdu/fdp is not feasable alike , since it is even the question if fdp might get into the parliament at all , and even than , it is questionable if cdu/fdp would have enough votes . 
  in the unliklyhood that the fdp comes into the parliament , the votes going to the afd would certainly kill a cdu/fdp . 
  cdu/greens would be matimaticall possible , and it works in baden-w\u00fcrtenberg , but i do n't know if they ever could exist on a federal level without the greens getting the same betrayer-image as the fdp after they started to work together with the cdu .
