  difficult , as it would take the acceptance of a majority of the eu parliament to start the procedure of art . 
  the more probable reason why this would n't work is that art . 
  7 generally speaks of single nations , but , it would be open to the ecj to determine if , in light of the effet util of the protection of the fundamentals of the eu , it would be permittable to let several nations be proseuted at once . 
  i never even heard of figures that would claim that poland would become a net-payer anytime soon . 
  do you have sources ? 
  the only reason how poland could become a net-payer , as far as i know , is , when the eu sanctions poland now , as the eu would n't give any money to poland , while the duties for poland to pay would stay . 
  but that is the problem with a representative democracy . 
  in the end , the eldcged government represent all of a nation , even when the people do not stand behind the decision they make . 
  that is the pain and danger of democracy . 
  this , when your government acts , polland as a whole acts . 
  i feel sorry for those that have towatch how , in their name , the nation is dismantelt . 
  hm , but if you read art . 
  7 of the eu treaty , you see that the voting rights are the one that are named there , but basically , it says they can dicide whatever they want , they just have to keep in mind how sever the citicents are affected . 
  to it is basically a commensurability . 
  so , if the violation of democratic principles would be seen as too sever , they could even argue to limit basic freedoms of polish citicens , as long as this restriction seems appropriate to the violation . 
  edit : wrong term , meant basic freedoms , not basic rights . 
  well , considering that the eu can take away quite a few rights from polan ( inclusive espeically their voice in the eu institutions ) , that might become painful quicker than poland might like, 
  well , during the run for chancellorship , steinmeier seemed to have taken many positions of gabriel , as he became quite a dick during that time and tried to distance himself from merkel , probably thereby aiding the failure of his campaign . 
  while i thought he was quite okay before the election campaign started , i could n't stand him anymore during that time . 
  this becomes so inredibly insane . 
  i just heard the other day of a turkish lawyer that made their doctor of law at my university ( germany ) because the german law in that field is similar to turkish and she did a legal-comparing thing . 
  when she went back to turkey , she was arrested because `` she did n't do her doctor , but was secretly working with g\u00fclen '' . 
  her professor simply said to us `` we have her doctor-essay here , she never had the time to do anything , let alone planning a coupe . '' . 
  they try at the moment to get that thing published and we heard this story as he was seeking for a fellos student that spoke turkish well enough that he could help the professor to write an introduction . 
  he hopes that , if they publish that work before the trial , she can at least proofe that she actually did work on her doctor-essay . 
  german law-student here that did a `` schwerpunkt '' ( priority classes ) in corporation law : we are very aware of how often our corporations fuck up , and it hits the news every time when something new blows up . 
  well , at least the managers will probably be prosecuted . 
  under german law , if a manger acts in a way to damage the company , in special due to illegal activities , he is liable with his complete posessions . 
  there were several cases where managers lost everything due to such a scandal . 
  one example that comes in my mind that where an extream was a siemens manager that , when he took over , found several slush funds and did everything to close them down in a way that went under the radar of the public . 
  when these slush funds were found , he was also charged to maintain them , and basically , he also became completly liable for the fines siemens got because `` he did n't get rid of the them fast enough '', 
  it is always strange how people say that the world do n't respect a democratic vote just because they pull consequences out of it . 
  disrispecting a vote means sending military in your nation to take over ( see russia and ukraine ) . 
  it is respecting your souveraign decision by making souvereign decisions to say `` if you do n't play along , we do n't want to play along as well '' . 
  it was your souveraign decision to disregard the rules of the eu , and thus , it is our souvereign decision to take the consequences to stop sending eu-money to poland and to take away all voices within the eu-institutions ( as the rules poland signed have planned ) . 
  just because you want to do whatever you want does not mean that it forces us to accept it with a smile and to go on as nothing happend . 
  yeah - you are souveraign to do what you want , but the others are , too , that you ca n't force them to accept it . 
  it would violate your polands souvereignity if the eu would sent out military to poland and enforce their will , but it would be a violation of the sovereignity of the eu-nations to be forced to pay for a nation on the basis of treaties that oblige poland to certain behaviour , but which ignors this . 
  it would be a violation of the eu to let poland participate in eu-legal processes if poland ignores the basis of the legal system . 
  accepting the sourvereignity of another nation means not to accept everything they do without consequences in international politics , but just not to send military to destroy what is there . 
  it is however okay to take political measures , for example that the eu stops to pay anything to poland and that poland looses its voices in the european institutions until they find their way back into the principles the treaties set forth . 
  but the eu is a community of values , in special democracy , which includes a seperation of power . 
  one thing is that poland has to deal themselves with this , but that does not mean the rest of the eu has to accept it and keep the situation as it is . 
  if a nation want to seperate them from eu-law and principles , it is upon the eu not to accept it , but rather to take measures , first to take away the voting rights and the financial aid , and than , a change of contracts should be discussed that impliment a rule fore forceful removal of the union if the core principles are fundamentally violated . 
  your idology you show ozzes of idiology that is not older than the beginning of the 20th century . 
  what is german ? 
  who is german ? 
  are all the people with - ski in the name german , even when their origin is clearly eastern european ? 
  is the complete area of frankonia german , even when they are composed of alot of people that fled france a couple centuries ago and that are still in a rather hatelove with the rest of bavaria ? 
  you can look all over germany and you see that there is no `` pure '' german culture , that , if you go a few centuries , or not even a single century back , you see that things that are now german was foreign back than . 
  the idea that there is something like a real `` germanic '' culture was only established by the nazi 's . 
  but truth is , german culture is a picture of the moment what the society values , and it can change and propser by people that are comming . 
  the german culture will not be destroyed , only developed , adding some new parts while cherrish old parts . 
  we have to work on these that do n't want to be part of this society , agreed , but your view here is just blindness by hatred , aggitating and spite . 
  tbh , at least half of the us military actions over the last decades would constitute a violation of german law and the politician in charge of that decision would get a life-long inprisonment ( actual punishment for violation of this law ), 
  sorry , but that is just overdramatising , if you want to do that , it really belongs better in t_d . 
  human dignity has nothing to do with progressive , or at least when you think that legally enable it again to go back to the dark times . 
  there is no culture left to protect if we destroy the very foundation our society is built upon , and that is the human rights , and in the center of that the human dignity . 
  if we loose that , we are lost . 
  it is already an act of war to sent warships to threaten , and as such , gun-boat diplomacy would already be enough war to be illegal . 
   it 's funny how much we concern ourselves with other people 's sovereignty when we 're totally cool with bombing the shit out of their countries . 
  eh , germany was never okay with that , actually , we were the most vocal against that during the invasion of iraq , and even currently , all we do are scouting-missions , as we do n't bomb . 
  for russia , the situation is a little bit different as they are literally invading other nations , and even there , we only put sanctions on specific key-technologies . 
  the rest is russia to try to be a pounting kid saying that , when we do n't give them their oil , they do n't want the food , even when their people starve . 
  every politician that would ever do that would end in jail at once . 
  starting an agressive war ( or even attempting to do so ) is illegal for politicians and sent them rather fast into jail . 
  gunboat-diplomacy is already the first step of an agressive war as sending not-invited warships into foreign lands is an act of war . 
  you mean the laws we have written because we looked how insane nazi 's were and dicided never to do it again . 
  you are arguing litteraly against the constitutional protected human dignity . 
  every other way is unconstitutional as it would violate the human dignity , a constitutional provosion that can never be changed without a complete distruction of our constitution ( literally , as it is protected by the eternity clause ) . 
  well , the right of asylum as included in the constitution actually would n't include any of the refugees we got , as it was deliberatly written to give as little rights as possible . 
  the duties to take in refugees grew out of the refugee convention , read in context with the ecmr . 
  an upper limit would still be unconstiutional as it would violate the dignity of man , which is actually really insane that we have a governing party demand a law that is in violation of the basically most basic and most difficult to violate law in our constitution . 
  the problem is that , when there is a legal upper limit , the single case and as such the single person and their needs are not looked at , thus making them just to objects of governing , thus infinging their human dignity . 
  as far as i heard experts ( well , in special michael dougan ) it will take alone 2 years for a proper divorce-bill , without any trade-deal . 
  a trade-deal , in special considering the amount of specialised negotiators the uk has , would take additional 10 years . 
  spd and fdp will not happen . 
  that fpd is still stigmatized for falling during the schmidt-eara . 
  they are not established enough again to pull something like that off . 
  no , certainly not . 
  that would be a betrayel to the voters even worse than the fdp when they end schmidt 's chancellership , which haunts the fdp regularly to this day . 
  for many cdu-voters , this would be the last vote they ever gave to the cdu . 
  are saying the right idiots to justify themselves . 
  it can change a hell lot . 
  i spent time in international laws and it was important as hell to be able to understand the english versio of the treaties in their full extend , including the stuff a simple translation ca n't really explain due to the differences in tone and ideas . 
  if you ca n't understand the version that was created for both sides to read ( in contrast to the versions in the native languages ) , you are a failure in international negotiations and policy making , at least in international affairs . 
  well , there was also the tradition to bring a boy into manhood . 
  basically , a young boy nobel boy would get an older mentor that would take care of him , would introduce him to society , would show him the way to be a man , and basically makes him his prot\u00e9g\u00e9 . 
  as far as i remember it , part of this relationship was also sexual acts , but here , penetration was ( officially ) a taboo , as this would have put the nobel boy into the position of a slave . 
  as far as i remember the text i read about it , it was rather by using the thights of the boy for enjoyment . 
  the unsc is such a viciouse principle . 
  it is mindboggling that there is no rule to exempt a nation of voting in the unsc when they or one of their close allies are concerned . 
  or the general assembly should have the right to vote to veto a veto of a unsc-seat . 
  first of all : you are mixing two things up : first , your general comment was about the criminalization of hate-speech , and a rather abstruse idea of how eastern germany started to attack the way our system works . 
  that is something completly different to the exact implimentation of these rules with facebook , where i also agree that it was not done properly . 
  but that has very little up to not at all to do with eastern germany . 
  these rules were , as far as i noticed the story , the idea of this law was pushed by western politicians , not by some eastern . 
  if you look at the history of cases , west germany as such attempted rather deep cuts in the freedom of opinion and expression themselves , and the recent uprise of these themes are more about the new technology of the internet that created a very new dimension of communication possible that the law has no answers for yet ( because the internet is still a legal neuland , the law struggles since the start of the internet to find solutions for problems emerging there and fails regularly ) . 
  so , while my comment was about the general existance of the incitment of hatred-laws , as your comments made it look like you wanted to talk about , here , these ideas that i presented a very true . 
  the courts , when applying the incitment of hatred-laws , follow the principles of incitment of hatred set out by the courts .
