  he hung himself with his t-shirt . 
  basically every eu-nation has a social system . 
  it does not mean that there is an overall eu social system , just the notion that all eu-natiosn are social market economies ( as far as every single nation can finance it ), 
  basically every eu-nation has a social system . 
  it does not mean that there is an overall eu social system , just the notion that all eu-natiosn are social market economies ( as far as every single nation can finance it ), 
   is because of red lines which the eu has set out . 
  it is not a red line , it is to follow the lisabon treaty that prevents any kind of access to the single market without accepting the four freedoms as well . 
  to let the uk in without fom would need a complete rewriting of the most basic treaty the eu is based on . 
  and the last change was already such a mess that it is nearly impossible to do something like that in this situation . 
  and much more , if the four freedoms would become optional for the single market access as long as you exit the union , than the union is dead , that precident would be disasterouse since all the states that have any leave-movements would eventually break away ( that may include germany !, 
  that would be a major push for the afd and other rather scatchy parties and without germany , let 's be honest , is the union dead ) . 
  no , the four freedoms have to stand to make sure that the union can survive , the idea of the eu is working together in a close union , and everyone who wants special deals does not fit in this single market . 
  you can have an outside deal as any other nation , like canada , but the benefits of the single market ( including passporting ) stays within the single market !, 
  edit : grammer, 
  watched a show where they showed what you have to do to become a taxi-driver . 
  it is not easy to obtain a taxi-driver-license . 
  the extended first-aid knowledge is the easy part , but you have to be able to discribe the most efficient way between two points at any given place of the area you want a license for . 
  you are not allowed to use a map or gps for that ( during the exame ) . 
  rough translation of the quote : overcome the system of social market economy to create a market economy without adjectives . 
  so basically , he is an ultra liberal idiot who wants to demolish the eu social system . 
  medal is a bad idea . 
  they try everything at the moment that the pictures and names of these syrian refugees are not published ( the police asked the press specifically to not do any attempts to report about the identity of these two syrian refugees ) so that they do n't face any danger from islamic extremists . 
  a medal would also be a unpleasent sign for any accidental observer that they are the one that detained this terrorist . 
  i rather hope that they will get a preferable treatment when it comes to working and the possibility to integrate . 
  this term is used in the us like that , but that does n't make this any less wrong . 
  it was established to use this term this way in order to diminish social reforms and put them on the same level as the non-working system of the former udssr . 
  and that is utter nonsense and this false use has to stop . 
  the nordic countries are not socialist , they are social capitalist nations . 
  the gradiation you discribed is as follows : capitalsim , social capitalism , socialism , cummunism . 
  if you would read the article , erdogan criticises mainly the security council , and even when the `` burden of humanity '' is utter nonsense , it has to be adressed that the structure of the security council is , out of a 21st century-perspective , rather outdated . 
  well , the un is a structure of the post wwii-time , and the much i really do n't like to say it , the system of the security council is rather fucked up . 
  for example that nations like the us and russia can veto any decision that would affects any acts of war these nations do , that is something that does not fit into our modern times . 
  saying this , the security council still has its purpose , and in special the fact that some of the most powerful and influencial nations are gathered there creates a way to discuss and actually solve problems , something that is in a plenum of over 190 nations basically impossible . 
  i have no clue how to fix that system ( erdogan 's seems rather stupid , increasing the permanent seats does nothing to change the problems of the system at all ) , but i also think that some changes would be necessary . 
  ehm , to be honest , i would n't take the word of the head of the london exchange for gold in this situation . 
  he has a reason to create fear for cutting of the london exchange from the single market , hoping that the deal that will be found could lead to the continuation of the work of london . 
  his position is highly bias at this point . 
  but the different banks and companies that are already searching for new headquaters within the eu speak a different language though . 
  of course , some of the money will not flow to the eu , but to other places , if it is new york or any other kind of law-paradies around the world , no clue , but i doubt that the money-drain will be that intensive , the eu is just an too important market for that matter . 
  yeah , it means that the out-of-eu money will not be funnled anymore through europe , but honestly , that does not change that much since nothing of that money eded here anyway . 
  there is still enough money that has to be put into an eu-nation just due to the giant market the eu is . 
  not really . 
  the banks in qustion have already their people in ny and the people that are not there are not there for a reason . 
  the gambler that play with non-eu-stocks will most likly stay in the uk due to the more favorable banking-laws . 
  the stocks that are dependend on the eu will move to a eu nation , most likly to france , maybe ireland and germany . 
  socialism is defined by the nationalization of production infrastructure . 
  in the old gdr , the production-systems were basically owned by the state , each company had people working for the state in leading positions . 
  same with the old udssr . 
  there were ceos and there were the kgb-second , and the second was the one actually ruling . 
  the ecomony was a planned economy , meaning that the state had all decisions about what should be produced when and where . 
  that is socialism , and you will not find anything like that in modern europe . 
  there are still a few state-controlled companies , yes , for example the german rail-company ( it is a private stock-company , but these stocks are owned by the state ) , but that is only for key-infrastructures where we ca n't risk that it gets demolished because it is not profitable enough . 
  everything else is owned by private individuals , what would be impossible in a socialist system . 
  everything else is a wrong applyance of the concept of socialism . 
  what we have , with this social state , is social capitalism , meaning that we have basically a capitalistic economy that just provide the necessary security for its people , but without privatasation of production . 
  and do n't forget that quite a chunk of turkey ( compared to all of turkey , it is quite small , but still ad big as some of the smalest nations we have in europe ) is also a part of the european continent , and i do n't see any solidarity for them as well . 
  i really have sympathy for you guys and i hope you will find ways to counter the effects the brexit will have on the uk-people , be it with a irish passport or any other way . 
  on the other hand , the british government now has their voice for hard brexit , and i see supporters arguing with wild phantasies here all the time . 
  when there is this brexit-bashing and britain bashing here , it is rather ment for these , for the brexit-illusionists , and as reaction for the actions of the government that , as bad is it is for the single anti-brexit englishman , represents them as well . 
  that does not take away that , when you are actually one that shares the values and the respect of the european union , that you still stay our brother  . 
  not a socialist state !, 
  the part that was socialist ended 1990 !, 
  we are a social democracy or , if you want to talk about the market , a social market system . 
  that is a difference and only when people stop mashing social-system together with socialist-systems that these social systems will be more accepted in the world ( or at least in the part that does not have social systems yet ), 
  there is nothing to fix , he is a lost cause . 
  there are politicians where it is clear that they never will be on the real winning side , and gabriel is someone who will never manage to get a majority behind him , he is just to unlikly , to flip-floppy in his position in a way that seems dishonest ( like bashing merkel for decisions he carried with her ) . 
  than his strange actions regarding russia where he calls to soften up against them ( in special since the spd is seen in a unpleasent way since schr\u00f6der left for gasprom and called agreed to the question of a reporter that he thinks putin is a unblamished democrat ), 
  first : depending on how the afd will gain voters and if the fdp is able to come in , it is highly unlikly that this will be enough . 
  but more important , if the spd does a coalition with the linke , they will loose voters in the elections afterwards . 
  die linke is , in special in the west , not accepted as a good alternative and it would be seen as treason if the spd really allies themselves with a party that has no working policies and that basically threw the existing hard-left-ideas over board whenever they came in a position of power ( see berlin ) . 
  their complete concept is purly opposition where they do n't have to proove that their ideas really work . 
  ehm , and thereby breach the lissabon treaty , the most fundamental treaty of the european union , also thereby endangering the further existance of the union by encouraging every leave-group in every single nation by making a cherry picking a feasable option ? 
  like hell . 
  and that comes from an economy with around 80 % service ( https://www.ft.com/content/2ce78f36-ed2e-11e5-888e-2eadd5fbc4a4 ) . 
  there are soo many goods to export for the uk . 
  edit : my english-abilities have n't woken up when i wrote this . 
  changed much to many :d, 
  no , they ca n't since every free trade agreement has now to be made with the eu . 
  every single memberstate gave their competence for free trade agreements to the eu , so they are legally not able to do anything , and if they do , the eu can overrule them . 
  so , for a memberstate to make a free trade agreement with the uk , the state has to leave the union , and like hell is anyone so stupid to do that . 
  there is a difference between a normal brexit fan and a stereotypical brexiteer though  . 
  as someone who meet quite a few `` big '' people in his life , from politicians , famouse professors to company owners : you can still be a moron and a privatly educated business-owner ( sometimes even succesful ) , or you can be a morron and a well educated university professor , that has nothing to do with each other ( i am not saying in which category of these you belong since i do n't know you enough ) . 
  so , it has nothing to do what you do for a living , only your argumentation , and that fits the stereotypical brexit-fan . 
  it is about to protect the existance of the single markelt all together . 
  as soon as it becomes a real option ( and not a phantasy by any exit-movment-fans ) , we will have a real problem . 
  as soon as that happens , the exit-movements will have a proove that there is a `` better '' way for them to be part of the single market , and that would eventually destroy the single market all together because every player would try to get out in order to get their special deal . 
  and the german companies are aware that one major part of them being successfull is their position within the eu . 
  so as long as they are not so narrow-minded that they only look at the uk when making this decision , they have to back up a hard stance in a negotiation that has the uk with a `` hard-brexit `` tacktic involved . 
  yeah , but to be real , the investment-law regulaions in ceta are among the most restrictive of all existing investment-treaties . 
  it seems that , during the period of negotiating this thing , eu and canada analysed every single unresolved discussion in investment-law and phrased it in a way that it is the best for the state . 
  now , only real and obviouse discrimination could lead to a successfull claim , and in special any kind of law that was made for the interest of the public ( be it for example for heath , inviornment or labour-protection ) , are protected by these investment-law regulations . 
  so , the brits can say `` fuck you eu , we do a hard-brexit '' and it is the eu who has to back away because we are bound to be forgiving and loyal ? 
  we are not the church and do n't have to turn the other cheek . 
  what comes around goes around . 
  if the uk does not want to play the eu-game and the working-together game anymore , it is not the job of the eu to build golden bridges , we already did that by still giving the option to stay in the single market when the uk honors the four freedoms . 
  but the uk plays the hostile role for quite some time now ( do n't forget the physical attacks that happen regularly within the uk at the moment , the new idea that all uk companies have to register foreign workers , the calling for red lines all the time ) . 
  when the uk goes into the negotiation with no room for real negotiations , it is the eu that has to do the same , and only when the uk moves towards europe again , it is the job of the eu to give out a hand to the uk . 
  do you mean seinbr\u00fcck , who just went to ing diba ? 
  that is the only major politician who started in a bank recently ( but it is a german one though ) . 
  but he was never president , but only finance minister from 2005-2009 .
