  that closed the borders for everyone who lived in border-near kurd-city that was bombed by the is and it is not clear if the turks really did n't just do nothing or really helped thereby ? 
  sorry , but if you have any illusions of turkey , than you should actually try to see behind all the lies erdogan is telling the truth !, 
  first , there is a difference of migration and refugees . 
  migration is moving into a nation with the intend to spend the rest of your life their and it bases on the free will of the person that left their home nation , refugees are people that flee war and terror . 
  and there is a massive problem in france , but it has nothing to do with the refugee-crisis . 
  france , in special paris , has a massive problem with uneducated , untrained young muslims that live in france for the i-don ` t-know-what generation . 
  the poorer , the more uneducated , the more desperate people are ( or at least think that they are ) , the more likly they fall for propaganda like the one of islamists ( because it is so much easier to blame the others for your failures ) . 
  we have to concentrate on this problem , because the religiouse fighers recruit people most likly ** that are born with an eu-passport ** on the other hand , the refugees run away from these idiots , try to escape . 
  yes , there are a few bad apples in there , but the liklyhood that one of these guys do such an attack is way less likly because they are more controled , they are more isolated . 
  the others are most likly not to fall victims of is-propaganda because they fleed it , they risked their live to get away , the last thing they want are islamists !, 
  who said that ? 
  i never said anything of the fault of victims , it is the fault of a few radicalized idiots that terrorize people from all over the world , but syrians fall victim to these assults every day as well . 
  i just say do n't punish the wrong people . 
  no , it is n't , there is no perfect solution , but blaming people that run away from war and terror for what happend in paris is just stupid . 
  yay , stop accepting people that try to run away from these idiots !, 
  that will certainly not drive more people into despire so that they are more vulnerable for the propaganda of the islamists and all problems will be solved !, 
  in australia it had . 
  and in the states you have the problem that there area already so many guns that every gun-controle-law would n't show any effect within a few decades , in special you can just travel to the neighbour-state to fullfill all your weapon-related dreams . 
  i never said anything like that . 
  sure , these people are islamists , but not all muslims are islamists . 
  there are radical christian groups in arfica that do basically the same thing as the is , but does that mean that all christians are terrorists , too ? 
  no , and it is the same with muslims . 
  if people are less educated and have no perspective , it is more likly that they get drawn into radical groups that are funded by militants and radicals . 
  uneducated people can be easier drawn into an organization that has the money , the is and similar groups . 
  and i never said anything like that , they are radical islamists , what does not mean that all muslims are islamists . 
  in africa there are christian fundamentalists that to exactly the same thing as the islmamists do . 
  does that mean christians are also all massmurdere ? 
  no , the same as not all muslims are massmurderer . 
  you know that france has a massive muslim minority that are not refugees or anything , but rather came to france due to france 's territories in afrika . 
  these muslims are uneducated , untrained , on the bottom of society , perfect place for radicalisation , perfect situation for the is to spread hatred . 
  that is the reason why they are attackt , because not the refugees are the terrorists . 
  such blood-donation during crisis is rather an us-thing . 
  you should watch `` adams ruins everything '' , he explains good why such catastrophy-blood-donation rather harm than do real good . 
  the bloodbanks are most likly be good enough equipped and when the blood donations arrive in the hospitals that could be made now , the need would be already over . 
  france is filled with muslims that are not refugees , but rather slum-inhabitants that are living in the edge of the society . 
  it is not the refugees that bombed , but rather the bottom of the society in which the islamists are getting recruitet . 
  now using this against refugees is simple the dumbest thing to do since most of theser refugees try to run away from these bastards that do such terrostic attacks . 
  from a german point of view : i can think to say good , but very nice or great , i would only say it if it was an outstanding performance . 
  the `` good '' of `` fine '' is polite and shows already that i like it , but it is also not exaggerating . 
  schengen does matter , but is overruled by gueneve . 
  guaneve is more important than eu-law since all members of the eu are also members of guaneve and guaneve existed befor the eu . 
  and i do n't fall for such `` propaganda '' , i did for some times studies in international law and just read the different treaties and combined the principles outlined in some of the eu-human-right court decissions . 
  for more information , read my other comment here in this discussion . 
  see my other comment to that . 
  well , the legal discription is a little bit difficult . 
  it starts with : art . 
  31 parahraph one  the contracting states shall not impose penalties , on account of their illegal entry or presence , on refugees who , coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article 1 , enter or are present in their territory without authorization , provided they present themselves without delay to the authorities and show good cause for their illegal entry or presence . 
  but this alone does not give the right of the refugees to cross european borders since these people does not come directly from such an territory . 
  but here , we have the eu carter of human rights . 
  art . 
  1  human dignity is inviolable . 
  it must be respected and protected . 
  and art . 
  2  everyone has the right to life . 
  if you combine these principles of the human rights ( which are foreign to the united states since they emerge of continental european natural law which was never included in the states ) they extend the gueneve-convention that , as long as you are a ! refugee ! , you have the right to flee until you found a place where you can , under respect of the protection of life and human dignity , find a place to stay . 
  it gives you thereby also the right to cross borders !, 
  since the unhcr is heavily underfounded ( a big bunch of nations do not want to pay for the unhcr ) , the refugee-camps around syria lack everything necessary to prevent massive death . 
  these people in these camps are refugees , and therefor are fully protected by the gueneve-convention . 
  they ca n't stay in these places because it would mean death of starvation because of the lack of supplies . 
  therefor , they are entitled to cross every border necessary . 
  and these people crossing the boarder in mexico are not refugees , they do not flee as definded in art . 
  1 gueneve-convention . 
  because it violates the genever convention on the right of refugees as well as the european human rights charter . 
  interesting how many people take rt even slightly seriouse . 
  first : the article that is linked on welt.de is not discribed correctly , but rather so much shortened that it became false : rt :  but simply by expressing discontent with syrian refugees living nearby or making threats toward asylum-seekers parents may accidentally push things too far , die welt reported , citing the deutsche anwaltauskunft information portal of the german lawyers ' association . 
  welt ( roughly translated by me ) :  it is not enough that a parent has a controversial opinion to limit or to take away the visitation rights . 
  [ ... ] who just says that he would prefer that there would n't live refugees in their neigbhourhood would thereby not affect the childs well-beeing . 
  but if the father or mother openly threaten refugees in front of their children , he or she will clearly exeed a critical border . 
  also , it is only about visitation rights . 
  when the one parents are divorced and one parent sees the child endangered when the other parent has the right to visit the child . 
  the case referd to in this article of welt.de speaks about parents who were formally right-wing extremists . 
  the woman dropped out and got help by an exit organisation . 
  the father , still in the far-right-scene , was deemed as dangerouse for the kid and therefor lost his right to see his child . 
  as to the current situation with the threats : doing threats at all to anybody constitues a crime under german code of law . 
  it is a crime when it is done on the internet as well as in public . 
  i do n't know any family-court that would n't consider crimes of a perent when it is about the visitation-rights of parents . 
  edit : to threaten someone , it would be necessary to write something like the persons wants to burn down assylum-buildings or will wait in front of an asylum-home to punch everyone comming out into the hospial . 
  also possible would be a thrat to beat up or kill every refugee in eyessight . 
  well , the story is at least plausible . 
  as part of the british occupation-zone , it happend quite a lot that there were british-german couples . 
  sad , but also to mention , there were some rapes in all the occupid areas as well . 
  no matter what kind of relationship there were , having sex with germans was for quite some time officially forbidden , but , as far as i heard , often ignored by the officialls . 
  so , as long as there are no real documents on your parts , not even a picutre or anything , i doubt that there is much to find in the archives . 
  what you could try is to get a genetical profile of your mom . 
  this analysis is not accurate , but each area has often a specifical mixture of ethnics in ther genetical code . 
  you could at least look if the genetical code is normal for a typical person from northrine westphalia ( at least back at that time , traveling and moving all around the world or even germany was not as typcial as it is today , so this combination was probably more stable than today ) . 
  maybe they can even find out if there is a part of some typical english mixes in there as well . 
  for one instant , germany is already partly an owner of vw . 
  it might be that they will buy more shares of the company to secure it , but thereby they also get a closer control of the vw-company . 
  well , that might be true for the supervision-committee , but not for the ceo 's . 
  in germany , ceo 's are complitly personal liable for damages caused by extrem gross negligence or by intention . 
  and commiting fraud is something that allways leads to full liability . 
  basically , either vw itself or , if vw really would fail ( what i doubt ) , the liquidator are ! obliged !, 
  to sue the former ceos . 
  they will most likly reach a settlement that will cover basically everything the former ceos own . 
  something like that happend , for example , in the siemens slush fund scandal . 
  even the one that tried during his complete ceo-time to end the slush funds were basically disowned because the court ruled he did n't to it fast enough . 
  edit : one further note : if the supervision board ( if vw continue to exist ) or the liquidator fail to sue the ceo and fail to get into an agreement in which they take everything they can get out of him in order to limit the damages on the company , the full personal liability would go over to them . 
  well , i can only say how it works in german law , but when i remember it correctly the german law was moddeld to include the european law . 
  if a thing is deffect , you have to give the seller ( only the seller , not the one that gave the warrenty ! ),
