  if you take the list of the most imports ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_imports ) , germany is still ahead of the uk as well . 
  and there is a even bigger reason , if the uk get any benefit out of leaving , it will cause a mass-exodus out of the eu , since all eu-critics will look at this referendum and at the outcome , and if there is anything good , anything they could get fuel for their own campaing , that would be the end of the eu . 
  so , it has nothing to do with revenge , but with the survival of the eu to deny the uk any goodies if they leave , the uk have to terribly fail ( which will most likly happen even without a terribly pissed eu ) . 
  well , the other possible outcome i heard would be a new flare of the violence and bloodshet . 
  maybe the frace of `` brothers in the south '' was wrongly choosen . 
   there 's no indication the uk would need to spend anything at all , let alone that much . 
  maybe it could be an indication that all the other nation outside of the eu that want to be part of the single market have to pay , for example island and norway . 
  the discount these nations get for being * just * participants of the single markets should be around equal to the discounts the uk already got from several exaptions they negotiated , and i really doubt that the eu would give the uk a discount on a discount here . 
  and that they still have to abbide 75 % of the eu-laws without any participation in the creation of these . 
  well , i could imagine other important referendums that could impact the uk , for example north ireland , who has a 50 % export-rate to the republic of irland , might hold a referendum to split off the uk and to join ther brothers in the south . 
  or wales and scottland trying to get out of the sinking ship ( between 70 - 80 % of these areas are for remaining ) and try to get themselves in the eu . 
  the kid has my respect , at that age , i would have cracked up after the first few lines . 
  i ca n't see how this can be a human right , human rights of the child gets violated this way . 
  i am not against circumcision if the child actually agrees to it , but that is not possible for a toddler . 
  i do n't know if that is the right age , but at least here in germany , the age of religiouse indipendence ( which means the child can decide on its own if it wants to participate in religion-lessons and can make all religouse decisions for itself ) should be the time when a child can decide if it wants to undergo such a big step towards its religion or not . 
  this tradition is significantly different from the baptism of christian childs since the christian child can say `` yeah , i was promised to that god , but fuck it , i do it my way '' . 
  the jewish or muslim child ca n't say `` i do n't like this god , so give me my foreskin back . 
  in germany , you will see that every major stores accepts at least debit cards and the electronic stores or smilar that are known for high priced goods will generally also accept visa and mastercard . 
  also big chain restaurants or pharmacies normally accept all kinds of payments . 
  one major aspect is that you keep controle over your spending by using cash . 
  if you do a lot of little purchases all day long and use any kind of card , you will most likly not add up everything in your mind , to keep remembering what you bought and how much every item cost . 
  you will only really find out when you go sometimes to your computer , check into the internet and than see how much you really spent . 
  if you use cash , it is easier . 
  you have the money you put into your wallet . 
  you see how much you spent by just grabbing into your poket , open it and looking inside . 
  every act of paying will make it more obviouse how much you spent , helping thereby to controle your own spending . 
  also , it is quite expensive to run a card-payment system if you are really small , and so it is ofen just not worth the price if the majority generally uses cash as well . 
  man , you gave us several heart-attacks and i am sure , if someone else as neuer ( or in this regard - boateng ) would have stand in the goal , you would have got at least one goal . 
  there are two laws in question , one for insulting anybody , and one for insulting a representative of another nation . 
  these law are practically the same , the later only have a higher maximum pnealty that will never be reached . 
  the question just was under which law b\u00f6hmermann could be prosecuted . 
  so , every human being , no matter where on earth , can prosecute someone under german law if there is an insult ( which mean not ligitimit criticism , but rather only factless slander that is only aimed to diminsh another person without discussing anything that is founded in reality ) . 
  if that is what happend is for the courts to decide , but to make it look that he is protected only because he is a foreign head of state is just plainly wrong . 
  well , that were my personal experience , but i was just 16 durimg the sommerm\u00e4rchen , therefor i might have not noticed them . 
  but i just can remember how strange it was to see so suddenly so many flags . 
  also , i grew up in a rather conservative upper middle-class society , so maybe it was just frowned upon more in this area . 
  germans see national symobols quite distanced . 
  after the nazi regime it was seen as bad to identify too much with your nation , you will see even today outside of international sportsevents hardly a german flag flying ( on other places than official flagpoles in front of official buildings ) . 
  for a long time , waving a german flag or singing the national anthem with proud was seen as questinable since , when you identify too much with the nation , it was seen as a sign that you are a nationalist . 
  this was even intensified since hardly anybody did it who was not trying to make a nationalist statment . 
  luckily , this started to change in special during the wm in germany in 2006 . 
  before that , i could n't think of seeing german flags on cars or anything , even during wm. 
  but this times basically prooved that you can wave your national flag and at the same time can have a wonderful time with other nationalities , that just a black-red-gold is not a reason the person is also using the hitler-greeting . 
  but this old mentality , that any sign of national pride is also a sign of nationalist movements still prevails in special in the far left . 
  i agree with you . 
  but as a law-student , i felt obliged to show both sides of the legal discussion . 
  it is not exactly clear if he did n't do legitimit satire exactly by stating this law and by breaking it , and it would have been lecitimit when he just use one line of the poem , but i think as well that he clearly broke the law sith this poem . 
  well , there is a legal debate about this . 
  the question is if the circumstances he recitated the poem in justifies his actions . 
  he mocked erdogan 's practice to sue comidians over any kind of joke over him by exaggerating , so there is still a valid critisism within the frame of this poem , but if it is enough to make get it into the protection of free speech ? 
  i do n't think so , but that is something the courts have to decide . 
  they announced to scrap it , but even when they scrabed the specific paragraph that shields representatives of foreign government , there is still the basic insult law that b\u00f6hmermann would have violated , and they differ just in the maximum-punishment , something hardly anyone ever archieves to get . 
  all in all , germany is a nation of law , in which even maniacs have legal protection , and despite how much i despise erdogan , it is quite possible that b\u00f6hermann broke the law ( at least i think so , for real clerification , we have to wait the judgment of the courts ) by creating this poem ( did you ever read it , this poem was not criticism , just basic slander ), 
  the question is not only if there could be more other os , i also doubt that this is going to happen , but at the moment they abuse their power by forcing their apps on the customer via contracts with the mobile-companies by preventing them to have other contractors in this field . 
  we saw the same with windows , they tried to prevent others from using their system freely by licensing and other issues , and tried not only to boost their os , but also the annex-programs . 
  this practice was what got them fined , not really that they had the monopoly . 
  basically , as soon as you have such a market-share , you are bound to open your system that wide up that other 's can use your system to get into competition with you . 
  you have any idea of anti-trust-law ? 
  every nation has such laws , inlcuding all european nations and the eu in whole has it as well . 
  the idea is that monopoly 's destroy the market , that , as soon as someone has the ultimate controle over a market ( and 90 % marketshare is ultimate controle ) , it starts to be impossible to create a market since every competitor is getting bitten away by the big company . 
  this can be done by oppressive contracts with supplier or customers ( as it happend here ) , by deliberatly market-distorting methods like deliberatly offering your stuff that cheap that it will ruin everyone else just because you can afford it to make losses over a periode of time , or by buying every other company that might try to compete with you . 
  ( i am sure there are more methods , but these are the first one that come in my mind ) . 
  this is all bad behavioure since the market is the main regularitive for a company . 
  without competition , the single supplier can make their own demands to the customers as they wish , can charge basically way to much , or can force contract details upon you that you do n't want . 
  the solution is to prevent the company to use these market-disorting practices and force them to let competition grow naturally . 
  it is not like the customers are getting forced to stop using android , but rather that google is forced to end the opressive contracts with the mobile-developers so that other have a better chance to impliment their apps as well without having to depend that hard on google . 
  well , the national parties are in the eu parliament , building a coalition with the other parties of the other natino that share their believes and concepts . 
  this way , you have only to know which party you want to sent from the one you already know . 
  the recession will be majorly in the uk . 
  the banks already have plans set to move their banks to france , germany and ireland , the uk stock market is in the process to fusion with the german to weaken the major blow since most of the seriouse investors only stay in the uk because it has the nicest regulation inside the eu , but they will get out as soon as the uk is outside . 
  uk imports way more from europe as it exports , so the eu will not face that much recession that it would be a big risk to deny the uk further access to the market . 
  on the oppossit , if other nations believe they can be outside of the eu , but still get the benefits , than there will be a leave-movement . 
  so , the nations that want to secure the eu will veto to any negotiations that put the uk in any good position at all , just to prevent further movements out of the eu . 
  if it means to bleed the uk out , well , it will be their own choice . 
  we saw with greek that a democratic decision not to participate in eu-programs get completly ignored as long as you want something from the eu . 
  yeah , i heard as well that this was a crazy day . 
  my fostermom was out at that day when suddenly there was a trabbi ( the gdr-car ) started to appear on the streets ( they lived in berlin ) . 
  everyone got out and it basically a complete city in a drunken status , strangers fell in each other 's arms like long lost brother 's and everyone had just the time of their lifes . 
  my mom ended up in a bar with a couple from the gdr , inviting them , just talking , drinking and beeing happy . 
  the next day , she travled to moskau ( she worked on a west-east economic cooperation ) and the first thing there was that people hugged her and congratulate her about everything . 
  i lived in berlin and my physics-teacher escaped from gdr over a frozen lake . 
  he and his friend broke into the water thereby and fought for their life until they got on ice again that could carry their wheight so that they could make the rest of the way into the west . 
  it was one of the crasiest thing to sit in history class and hear such a story from a teacher you know for at least a year at that point . 
   in madrid ( and maybe barcelona too ? ), 
  street musicians have to pass a test in several german cities as well . 
  in general , you need a permission to perform street-art and musicians often have to give a little piece of their art in front of city-officials to get this permission . 
  you do n't want to know the approval-rates of people with turkish passports in germany ( if they have dual-citicenship or only this one ) . 
  i went for the last two years of my school-education to a german catholic school and there were two differences to the public one i were on before : 1 . 
  religion was a mandatory subject right to the end ( the concrete rules are set by the state , but in general , each school provides religion as a subject , but it is not mandatory . 
  your parents can decide for you to take it until you are 14 , after that , it is up to you if you further want to hear it ) . 
  2 : we had to visit the church regularly . 
  in every other area , religion was a non-subject , religion was confinced to these one or two lessons a week ( forgot how much exactly ) , and thats it , no religion in any science class or anywhere else . 
  well , in some parts of europe ( in germany for example ) , homeschooling is actually illegal ( as long as the child does not have a illness that prevents it from going to school though ) . 
  also , private schools are at least here really hard to run due to regulations . 
  i went for my last two years of school to a half-privt one ( financed by the catolic church ) and the only reald difference in what was thought was that we had to go to church regularly and that the equipment was better than in other schools . 
  there are a lot of different counts about that matter . 
  here are sources that say the opposit : http://www.armenian-genocide.org/genocidefaq.html#how_many http://www.britannica.com/topic/death-toll-from-the-armenian-deportation-and-massacres-1688531 http://www.nytimes.com/ref/timestopics/topics_armeniangenocide.html giving the history of turkys dinial about problems with kurds as well , and the overall disagreeance to basically most not-turkish-sources i can find ( again , no scholar myself ) , their attitude against any form of media criticising the regime , jaililng reporters , ... , i highly doubt that a turkish governmental site can be trusted in that matter as reliable source . 
  i do n't ask a german member of the `` alternative of germany '' to give a valid estimastion about the death-tolls during the third reich , they would probably say 3 . 
  edit : i wrote this after reding just the beginning because , without any real structure in the text , it is really hard to read yours . 
  the thing is : i never contest anything about the crimes armenia may have done or not ( i personally have no clue ) , but to be honest , i do n't really care because this was no justification for the countermeasures done , readicating nearly a complete group of people .
