  it would bare a lot of different religiouse traditions to be exersied . 
  ehm - no - hitler did n't start the hate-speech law . 
  the first incitment to hatred - law ( as the proper term of this is , because hate-speech law is an us-based argument of free speech that hs different implication as the incitment to hatred-laws we have here ) was introduced in germany in 1871 in the first version of the german criminal code . 
  it was amanded after hitler due to the fact that the rise of hitler showed how the abuse of free speech can lead to the most devestating situation imaginable . 
  the thing is , to get an accurat prediction of law , it does not take experiments that can be repeated . 
  in physics , you have to make repeatable evidence to see if the formula , so a rule of physics , you came up with , is true . 
  so , the experiments are there to verify that the rule you found is true . 
  something like that is not of importance in law because the rule of law already is defind by its wording , the truth can maybe question by the constitional court , but that 's it . 
  there is no need for further experimenting to validify this rule . 
  what this rule implicates has to be found in court though , but there , you have your `` experiment '' , because the rule was put into practice and the result can be observed and conclusions can be made . 
  that is actually quite a big part of the work of lawyers . 
  but , even when the process to get verify rules are different , the rules are in existance and valid in both cases . 
  and basically , what he says is that evolutionary biology actually accepts the rules they find while creationist speak while ignoring the rules . 
  same with brexiteers vs. law-professionals . 
  the brexiteers simply ignore the rules that are set in place and just claim that the rules that exists are something different , while the law-professor points out that the rules are existing and prevent these ideas from becoming true . 
  that said , international negotiations follow paths , follow rules , that came into place due to the necessaty of the situation . 
  as someone studying on the legal field and who participated in an internional law moot court , thereby studying international law itself for quite some time , there are rules in place that , due to the circumstances , are true for the legal field as scientific theories are in the field of natural science . 
  what you try to dellude is that he has an idea what is necessary to do in order to create such treaties , and that the brexiteers have no clue about it . 
  we saw with trump what a bill that neglects the legal reality will face , utter failure again and again when phantasy faces reality . 
  i know , this video is already quite old , it is pre-referendum , but i never heard again such a good analysis of the situation that just happend yesterday , in special about the timeframe we are talking an the possibilities to do several negotiations at the same time . 
  party the eu law , partly that the uk simply does not have enough negotiators that are capable of negotiation more than one thing of this complexity at the same time . 
  for further information , i would highly recommend this video of an english eu-professor : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustypbked8y&amp;t=6s, 
  the thing is , the uk does not have enough negotiators to beginn with to do both at the same time . 
  just watch this [ video of professor dougan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustypbked8y&amp;t=6s ) who is an english eu-law professor and the capacity of negotiators on the uk . 
  it will take probably 10 years alone to create a comprehensive trade-deal with the eu , and that only if the divorce-agreement was finalized . 
  eu law is in the honorable tradition of clusterfuck . 
  joke aside , it has more influence by civil law , but also by the principles of international law . 
  in special due to the way the ecj interprets regulation , it is not really civil ( roman ) law anymore . 
  the idea of civil law includes quite a few ways to interpret laws , for example the analogies or the teleological reductions . 
  in eu-law , the only really used method of interpretation is the literal interpretation in the four cournters of the document , meaning that little to no consideration will be given to anything outside the concrete wording , not even the history of the law will be included in the interpretation . 
  this leads to several weired decisions because of which , even when i am heavly pro-eu , i loathe the ecj . 
  yes , the transfer of property would only be on day 3 . 
  nontheless , your contractual obligation is to deliver said object . 
   section 446 passing of risk and of charges  the risk of accidental destruction and accidental deterioration passes to the buyer upon delivery of the thing sold . 
  from the time of delivery the emoluments of the thing accrue to the buyer and he bears the charges on it . 
  if the buyer is in default of acceptance of delivery , this is equivalent to delivery . 
  so , in the case you made , the good was delivered at day one , even when the ownership is only transferred at day 3 . 
  nontheless , the seller already fullfilled his contractual obligation to give you the thing , and thus , the risk of an accidental loss of said object is transfered to you . 
  that is rather about the american idea of a jury . 
  this is what i take as the prototype of a jury , because here , at least during jury-trials , only the jury can dicide if guilty or not , and the professional judge has no say in that . 
  here , we have `` sch\u00f6ffen '' , lay-judges , that at least in the lower courts , dicide with the judge together , an no , you ca n't dicide who would be part of them , they are assigned by the courts . 
  that is true , but not entirly . 
  first , in such a construction it depends heavily on if i actually was at fault for the distruction . 
  if i was negelgent or anything , i ca n't turn the contract back . 
  if the thing was destroyed without my fault , you might be right . 
  but on the other hand , in the situatio nyou discribe , i actually would argue that you transfered the ownership already on fiday . 
  only if there is a reservation of ownership , there could be something different , but even than , i would challange that the thing was already in your spehre , so i did everything i was obliged to do . 
  the contract , after all , only obliges to me to do everything in my possibility to do , so , the obligation was only limited to give you the thing on friday and not demanding it back before monday . 
  due to the fact that i did all that , the contract is still valid and it is your loss . 
  you know that the juries are not part of the decision how hard a sentence will be , are n't you ? 
  the jury dicides between `` guilty '' and `` not guilty '' , and , in the american system , they also dicide if someone shall be executed or not . 
  the concrete amount of years or money to pay is also in common law only for the judge to dicide . 
  therefor , i woudl be really interested in the source of your claim . 
  the roman law is not really a result of roman collonisation . 
  the roman law was actually lost for a couple of centuries until it was rediscovered by monks in bologna somewhat around the 13-14th century . 
  these laws became part of the foundation of the first university created in bologna , and because officials from all over europe were sent there to study , among other things , this law spread all over europe , and was included in all new founded universities . 
  i do n't know how it came to scottland , but i assume just as with the rest of us , they sent their schollars to study atone of the roman-law-universities , and they were not really happy to abbide the common law that was created in england . 
   common law has greater freedom of contract true , at least compared to germany that have enumarative types of contract that you ca n't ignore  common law has greater certainty how ? 
  only if you are able to look back rulings of a few hundret years or hit secondary literature that explain all these rulings . 
  in civil law , it is enough to look in a law-book to get the big picture . 
  when i want to know the rough duties of a rental-contract , i look in the index of the bgb , find that rental contracts are \u00a7 \u00a7 535 - 597 bgb , than i look at the headlines of the laws which give a nice overview of what is happening , and than i can read everything . 
  you wo n't be able to know the decisions made on basis of these laws , of course , but you get quite a good idea what the law actually provides you to do , with exact circumstances when you can do what . 
  for everything more certain , than you can do what the common law-user has to do in the first place without that prior knowledge . 
   common law developed to reflect real situations rather than theory  common law developed to reflect real situations rather than theory was probably true after the battle of hastings in comparison to the same time in germany . 
  but after a law-traditions of several centuries , the real situations are very well knwon and were codified . 
  the law is not really written just on theories , but to tackle real situation and issues that made a change of the rules necessary . 
   common law can evolve to reflect changing business circumstances . 
  can and does the civil law as well . 
  just because the civil law centers around decisions by the legislative body does not mean that the courts are shckled by that if there is a new circumstance the parliament was n't able to think prior about it . 
  at that point , the effect of a 5 year university-study comes into effect , because than the judicial development of the law comes into action . 
  when there is a clear unintended void in the legal system , the judge is supposed to look for regulations that handle an issue that is somewhat similar with this and than create with its ruling something new that provide a solution for this case . 
  normally , the legislative body should take notice of this new incident and amend the law , but it can happen that the decision of the judge just gets stuck and , by customary law , might get into a fully recognized rule . 
  to be honest , no clue , i am a german law-student , so i know more about the civil law ( which i actually prefer alot ) . 
  well , every contract has two sids , one side is the `` verpflichtungsgesch\u00e4ft '' ( bond of duties ) and `` verf\u00fcgungsgesch\u00e4ft '' ( exchang of thing ) . 
  sorry for the weired translation , but actually , i could n't find any translation , so i made something up myself :d . 
  when you form a contract , this establishes the duty to do the exchange of things . 
  when i buy a newspaper , with forming the contract , i oblige myself to give the money while the other obliges to give the newspaper . 
  that is the principle of seperation . 
  the principle of abstraction is that these two deals exist apart of each other , and that , when the one becomes invalid , that the other still exists . 
  so , if the exchange of things is invalid , you still have the duty to transfer ownership . 
  when the bond of duties is invalid , an already happend exchange of things stays valid , but has afterwards to be reversed . 
  in this regard , our systems seem to be similar . 
  the one that is completly different is the common law , who does not know this seperation at all , so it might be difficult for someone from common law to start with such a complex system right in the beginning :d, 
  well , it is all about interpretation of the situation . 
  you can form a contract without saying anything , actually , we do it on a daily basis . 
  when i go to an kisok , pick a newspaper and just give the man at the counter without saying a word , i just formed a contract . 
  same with one-sided-contracts . 
  in the end , it boils down if the ( proovable ) actions would be seen by a nutral third person as the offer to make a contract . 
  it is not necessary to really say `` i promise '' or basically anything . 
  well , depend on your grade though . 
  with four points , you can hope to earn a living and not end up on wellfare , but with 10 + points , you can become richy-rich , just be prepared to work your ass off :d, 
  uff , you start with the heavy stuff :d . 
  the principle of speration and abstraction are already rather difficult for natives to understand  . 
  as a law student who will have soon passed his first state-exame : such a law where the intend always match the latter simply ca n't exist because , both , language and human mental capability is not possible to phrase something that encompass all possibilities this law could create something terribly unjust . 
  take for example the murder-pharagraph ( which is , to be honest , not really well drafted , but that aside ) . 
  in germany , you are a murderer if you kill someone in a special way or with a special intent . 
  one way is to kill someone in a sneaky way , so that the person ca n't defend himself anymore . 
  this idea and letter is quite clear and fits very good . 
  but than , we have the cases of the home-tyrants , where a husband terrorizes the family . 
  during one ocassion , he beats the son heavily until the son runs away and the husband says `` when he comes back , i kill him ! '' .
