  should her office do the work twice ? 
  what she did was giving her opinion , but it is neither her job here to give the solution , nor should she do it . 
  yeah , it works so well to give money to a nation when they import around 70 % of their daily goods , when they even sent their olives to other nations in order to produce their oil , one of the few things greece produces in big fassion . 
  the only thing that would have happend that the money flow out of greece within month , leaving greece in the same position they are now . 
  well , part of the austerity-demands of the troika was to effictivly collect taxes , in special of the rich , something greece refuses . 
  they say they ca n't do it , several nations offered aid , germany offered and prepared hundret of tax-officers to go to greece and help them to organice a suffitient tax-system , but they were never called to come . 
  so , it is not that the austerity was only aimed at the small ones , but in the end , with the partial implimentation of the things demanded , it became even worse for the small ones . 
  but hey , this way , the greek politicians can say how europe is destroying greece and can try to get the moral highground to set their own demands . 
  but if i remember right , the us has a habbit to not respect the international court of justice , meaning that their signatures their commitment to these treaties that they signed is not really strong . 
  so , basically , you have no clue about russia ? 
  you know that only a small part of russia is actually on the european continent and that a hell lot of russians are descendents of the mongols . 
  also , the caucasus is basically on the border to the middle east , meaning that there are , traditionally , a hell lot of arabs and other middle-eastern ethnisities . 
  in such a gigantic land like russia , just to focus on the most west part is missleading . 
  with the right set-up , it is actually quite good designed . 
  if you have a healthy young - old - ratio , the young finance the old , and the next old will be financed by the young . 
  but that needs two things : elderly that die and young people getting born , and that in a good ratio . 
  the fact that the life-expectancy is now for kids born today around 100 , and with a catastrophic birth-ratio , well , we are fucked , but that could n't be expected as the system was put in place . 
  this way , we have to prolong the time people work and pay into the system instead of taking out of the system . 
  and one more question : what is the other option ? 
  a retirment-plan from deposits , where you buy into a company ( or the state ) that uses the money on the stock market or other placaes to florish and give it back ? 
  well , we have seen how much this worked with the last bubble where pension funds blew up on a daily basis . 
  these systems are rather planned for white collar . 
  politicans understand as well that the body of blue collars could n't sustain in most cases the preassure of working until 69 , but for white collars , it is easier . 
  i know hardly any freelancer that would agree with that statement . 
  freelancer have not only to do their job , but also are under the constant preassure to get new jobs . 
  this is often even more stressfull and even more risky than to stay in employment . 
  if it works , it pays out , but the liklyhood that it works that well is very low . 
  you know that these are two different chambers of the court , and that the rulings of the civil chamber have no affect to the punishments given otu by the criminal chamber ? 
  the rather lax judgements have nothing really to do with that . 
  and i know that there are a lot of trolls out there , but my knowlege about that subject is not far enough to evaluate if this specific case was done by a troll or not . 
  well , k\u00f6ln has a reputation to has extreamly lax courts , giving out really easy punishments compared to other courts ( and that means a lot here in germany since our crime system is already quite forgiving if used by other courts ) . 
  in addition to that , k\u00f6ln is a major tourist-attraction , it is one of the most visited cities in germany , and that not only for the carnival , but basically all year long . 
  but because of that , it is also a major attraction of thieves and jugglers . 
  that is a really bad combination . 
  well , considerin that we have 956.160 unemployed in nrw ( https://statistik.arbeitsagentur.de/navigation/statistik/statistik-nach-regionen/ba-gebietsstruktur/nordrhein-westfalen-nav.html ) , that would be an increase of around 3 % . 
  the biggest problem with these coal-mining is nrw , if we close down all the mines the unemployment would rise to a painful degree . 
  because of that , in special ministerpresident of nrw , kraft , uses all her power to fight incentives to stop the mining-industry for as long as possible . 
  the simple problem is : where do you want to sent them . 
  the meditaranian has not that many big islands that can hold the amount of people comming , and there is only one way to force people to go back , and that is a treaty with their home-nation that they actually accept them back . 
  without this treaty , there is no way to sent them back . 
  it was already tried , the people were n't let into the country , they could n't even leave the gates , they just get rejected until there is a system of sending home is established . 
  as long as that is not the case , the nation where the refugees end has the problem . 
  at this point , we are talking first of economical migrants , which are mostly from afrika , but also some middle eastern and asian nations . 
  as in an interview , someone attempting to get to europe said : `` when i go to europe , i may drown in the see , when i stay here , i will defenitly die . 
  so i rather take the chance and go to europe '' . 
  so , as long as we do n't let them purposly die , what we ca n't without going into gross violation of the echr , the chances to get to europe still exeeds the risk of doing it , even with an australian solution . 
  so , considering the amount of people that come at the moment , if the influx stays the same ( which is basically certain since they already accept the possibility to die in a horrific way as the better alternative than die at home ) , no island in the meditaranian will ever be able to handle the migrants . 
  you can see a prime example in lesbos , where the citicens tried to help , but the pure amount of people made it impossible to handle the situation and people died of dehidration , not to forget the inhuman conditions they were in for some time , with diseases and all these pretty things . 
  so , and for real refugees , meaning people fleeing from war and terror , they are entitled to an adequat space to life , meaning food , home , when possible school for kids and even the possibility to work . 
  nothing that would or could exist on such an island . 
  that was part of it . 
  but another was that the uk prior to wwii had their empire and than the commentwhealth , both started to fade at that point with more and more regions getting indipendence . 
  the british economy was adapted to controle the economical power of the colonies , draining the whealth from their controled areas so that the uk could prosper . 
  by loosing their colonies completly , the uk was left with an area that , when i remember correctly , did n't had that much natural resources . 
  the industrial infastructure started to age without getting replaced . 
  basically , the system that made this urbanisation possible in the first place started to fall apart . 
  so , yes , partly it was because the uk was more urban than other european areas , but that was not the only reason why the uk had less growth than the rest . 
  actually , england did n't want to join until they noticed that their economy was falling further and further behind to the old eg . 
  realizing that the uk 's economy will soon be left behind , it started to negotiate to enter , and succeeded that . 
  so , it is hardly accurate to say that the uk 's economy `` thrived '' before they joined . 
  well , there are different reasons for that . 
  for the real refugees that flee war , the male were sent due to the ( old ) rules of family-reunion . 
  under the old regime , if a person gets approved , he can get their family with rather regular methods ( like plain ) to join them within a rather short time . 
  so , it made sense to sent young male that are more likly to survive such a tour from the middle east to central europe on foot ( and are also less likely to get raped during this time ) . 
  for economic migrants , they often eiter are sent to earn money ( what is , outside of prostitution , more likly for a mlae ) or they bully the woman out of the line . 
  well , the baf\u00f6g could count as student debt . 
  for all that have no clue what baf\u00f6g means , it is a federal loan-system in germany . 
  whenever a student 's family and the student himself meet the criteria ( meaning that neither the student has enough posessions and earnings to support himself nor the family to suport him ) , he can apply for these federal loans . 
  with this loan , the student get a monthly payout up to 735 $ ( depend on the exact financial situation of the student ) . 
  half ot the money is free , half of the moeny will be added to your loan . 
  the maximum loan you might get will be 10.000 $ ( which is the amount of debt i will probably end with ) . 
  but , this amount of money will be reduced quite considerably if you get a job and can pay it back in one go ( the payback will be deferred until you have an income ) . 
  not myself , but my mother worked in close relationsships with russians before and around the time of germany 's reunification . 
  it was an east-west-cooperation with support of the kgb to create medical and political books . 
  she discussed with a hell lot of people from russia , for example about mind games to reunify a neutral germany with a special economic area of the old german territories in order to save the soviet economy , witnessed how they opened up in realization that the soviet union was near economical breakdown , and soo much more . 
  she was friend with a lot of people and the company of her and her fiancee back than got a 3 m statue as thank you for the friendship to the soviets . 
  she says the same , that russia fell back into the time , mindset and methods of the heat of the cold war and should be sanctioned until the economy fails so hard that putin gets assasinated . 
  basically , during the last years , every action was straight out of the old kgb-book that she witnessed in her youth , only with the difference that the outside world sees more of the insanity of the russian propaganda . 
  edit : by the way , she reads regularly sputnik , the moskau times and other media-outlets from russia to get an idea of the situation and , in special as a former media-expert ( well , she published media herself ) the methods of really plumb and badly made propaganda that contradicts itself regularly . 
  she was able to tell the times when different fractions of russia tries to battle against each other on sputnik by releasen one time the one , other times another news where they tried to give different views to the west , how putin is sometimes using these outlets to send messages to the west and so on . 
  and what she sees is a position of weakness , sometimes of panick , of muscle-play and war-screams to hide the cluelessnes how to prevent the downfall at the moment, 
  yeah , the first pass the poll and gerrymandering , the purest form of democatic representation the world knows !, 
  ( maybe you want to educate yourself about the representation-problems of the uk to broaden your view a little bit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7twhjfhiyo ), 
  do you really think anyone is impressed by this cryptical bs ? 
  i do n't know what the english tin-foil-hat thought to read out of the eu-behaviour , but your current comments showed that you have very little idea of what you are talking about . 
  i know that france was pretty vocal about not wanting the uk in the union , but for germany - that is something i hear for the first time . 
  but be happy outside - or half outside , still abiding eu-rules , just without any say in it , with the same amount of money to pay to the eu . 
  or welcome back when your politicans decide that they ca n't leave the union without destroying what is than left of the uk economy . 
  as you were n't with the rest of europe since the uk basically tried to blackmail their way through the eu with help of the referendum . 
  so , my quote `` and at the issues were we were n't was normally the times the uk run against all of europe at once to get their way '' still counts . 
  and btw . 
  letting it sound like the uk was the one that kept germany at bay , but only disagreeing majorly with it for 1 in over 40 years . 
  yeah , the uk was the saviour of the union / s, 
  england and germany were allys in most eu-issues , and at the issues were we were n't was normally the times the uk run against all of europe at once to get their way . 
  the uk was never the defender of the weak east european nations , rather the opposit since they wanted to get rid of the free movement , something especially eastern europeans heavily rely on . 
  well , i heard the libertarian got a massive amount of new members when they announced that they would not respect the vote and would campaign against it . 
  i think , the moment they decide to do that is when they finally made a brexit-plan and see that there is no way this would n't end in catastrophie for the uk . 
  a first hint for such a method could be the conversation between may and the scottish pm when may basically said they want to do it with a solution that all of uk could life with and the scottish pm basically said that the only sollution for a brexit would be without them . 
  this could be a wonderful way to prolong the situation until a ge to solve this problem . 
  maybe it could also be connected with a voting if they should give scottland a new referendum or to call of the brexit to keep scottland in or something like that .
