  edit : since i intend to use this here as copypasta in futur here a few evidence of what i spoke about : the [ twitter-message ] ( https://twitter.com/bamf_dialog/status/636138495468285952?lang=de ) of the german imigration office that started this mess : ( dated the 25th of august 2015 ) the [ transskript of her speach at the 31st of august 2015 ] ( https://www.bundesregierung.de/content/de/mitschrift/pressekonferenzen/2015/08/2015-08-31-pk-merkel.html ) ( in german ) . 
  it is too much to translate it in a reasonable amount of time , but when you read the comments , she actually says that we ca n't take every syrien in , that just dublin iii does not work at the moment as it is overstraigning nations like hungary ( a nation that she praised several times during that speech ) . 
  the [ case ] ( https://academic.oup.com/icon/article/4/4/722/640286 ) in which germany dicided to make rulings of the hcmr binding interpretation of the german law ( as long as it provides a similar protection of human rights than the german constitution ) the [ rulings of the echr about dublin ] ( http://www.echr.coe.int/documents/fs_dublin_eng.pdf ) , especially interesting is the case m.s.s. 
  v. belgium and greece ( no . 
  30696/09 ) in which the court dicided that the attempt of belgium to send refugees back to greece is a violation of human rights due to the fact that greece was not longer able to provide an adequat protection of the refugees there . 
  back when my cousins were in kindergarten , whenever we visited them , unconnected to if kids or parents were sick , my mom and i were half-dead for at least half a week due to the illnesses these little girls carried in them from the kindergarten - . - . 
   you are wrong hungary and poland do n't conform to eu ~ ~ views ~ ~ ** laws ** so now the eu is about to sanction them . 
  there is a difference between acting neutral and being personally neutral . 
  you probably wo n't find anyone to count votes that has not any form of bias by counting , all of our election board voted themselves , so we all had a political opinion to one side or another . 
  and that is okay , that is normal . 
  you probably wo n't find many people that are willing to sit there for several hours and do that without at least some political interest ( okay , the compensation for this work helps , but nontheless , this is normally not the point for any i talked to ) , and such political interest comes along with a political opinion . 
  and it is also normal not to be happy when the party that you are oppose get votes . 
  that does not mean not to act neutral and nontheless count them . 
  personally , even when i do n't like afd and i do n't like them to have them in our political landscape , i would never violate the neutrality of the office of a election board-member just to get rid of them . 
  the only one who can dicide if such a party is realy unconstitutional ( and therefor that they should n't be able to be voted for ) is the constitutional court , and unless there is no decision , i am not to dicide about counting or not . 
  that is part of the honor to taking such an office , but also honor to identify myself as a democrat , as a basic-law-fundamentalist ( as i difine myself more and more ) , and as a law-student . 
  tbh , one idiot is not likly . 
  i was in an election board during this election as well , and in the procedure , clearly several , if not all of the board had to notice that there were valid second-votes for the afd . 
  therefore , it would have needed several , if not all members of this ( at least 3 , but normally 6 man team ) to mess this up like that . 
  i know that it feels unpleasent to count these votes , i was on the election board of my district as well and i did n't like to count every vote for the afd , nontheless , we have to do it or else we are not better than dictatorships . 
  goddam , we are a nation of law - . - . 
  if you want to subscribe to youtube-channels , you are bound to start an account - . - . 
  yeah , the problem is , the more pragmatic the government is , the more the people are looking for the extremes that promise the gorly of the world if you just do what they ask for , see germany with the grand-coalition and the movements to the sides of the spectrum . 
  the people that actually do what they say are regularly not voted for , because they have to say to the electorate that there might be problems and hardships in the porcess to reach the goal . 
  sorry , but the leave-campaing was n't clear in anything . 
  they said to leave the single-market , but gave examples for what they would get that is clearly equal to a single-market access . 
  basically , the complete campaign lacked any clear view of what would happen and how it should happen , had n't any real regard of hard - and soft brexit , but were suprised that germany did n't immidiatly kissed uk 's feet to safe their car-industry . 
  but agreed , the general election might give a clearer view . 
  the problem is not really the content of the debate , but what people with certain interests do with it . 
  i personally took a course on investment-law for example , and even after a few lessons , i could tell that at least half of the ceta-debate and the investment-courts were riddled with falsehoods and wrong claims . 
  i think the same will happen with any brexit-discussion , in special with borris johnen and farrage . 
  the brexit-vote was a smiple yes-or-no question , no decision over hard or soft brexit . 
  so , there was no expression of the british people which form they want . 
   in the current political landscampe yes , of course they can be rewritten , but that takes alot of time , effort and willpower and a common sense that it benefits everyone . 
  no eastern memberstate would accept the errosion of the freedom of movement though since the capability of their citicens moving into other nations and than sending money back to their families are important economical factors for them , and , apart from the fact that companies can easier come to them , it is what make the eu really working for them . 
  taking this essential freedom away , and the eu-freedom only benefits the richer nations . 
  so , yes , theoretically it can be rewritten in that point , but thinking that it would happen is just illusional . 
  the veto of several eastern nation would be certain . 
  because the 4 freedoms are legal obligations that are part of the eu-treaties that we ca n't simply rewrite . 
  they are not simply a political agenda , but bidning , and , in the current political landscampe , it is nearly impossible to change this treaties since it would require a complete renegotiations of the eu-treaties , which means that all eu-memberstates would have to negotiatiate among themselves , all parliaments would have to agree to these changes , and several nations would have to hold a referendum , and if even one nation says no it is over . 
  it would also probably create a situation were several member-states would try to influence the treaty-changes with other agendas ( when we are in the process of renegotiating the treaties , why not all of it ) and we are in a process that easily takes up 10 years with every nation trying to get more of their ideas into a new eu-treaty than the other . 
  on the other hand , for the uk , it is a purly political decision since there are no legal obliagations to do here a red-line . 
  the idea to not make such public statements like her red line-stuff . 
  the fact that there is a rule in international negotiations to keep quite until a proposal for an agreement is reached has a reason , because , as soon as a politician made such `` red-line '' - comments , compromises to reach a comman goal are impossible . 
  this is in special true with these red-line-comments of may which basically engulfed the extreme-position that the eu could never accept without a hard-brexit . 
  with that , the negotiations became rather frutile , because any consession may would do would mean she looses her face in front of the public in a degree that would be a political death-sentence . 
  yeah , because with ttip , both sides know and understand the purpuse of the rules international negotiations while may on the other hand already violated these with going into them with the most idiotic red lines possible . 
  i agree that may was the one that started that stupidity with her red lines and such bullshit . 
  but i do n't know if it is wise for the eu to do the same . 
  yeah , because of that , when the eu is involved , we have negotiation-teams sent out by the council . 
  basically , such negotiations have to happen like ttip and ceta , where the parliaments are only let in when leaks are okay to happen , so at the level when a proposal is ready . 
  well , i know that i will get massive downvotes for that , but i think that is a bad decision . 
  there is a reason why deals are first made in secret before going into public with a proposal emerging out of that . 
  it is very limiting in negotiation-strategies if every single word you say is under public scrutiny . 
  my govermental-law professor talked a little while ago about his experience with political deals ( on national level ) . 
  these politicians , as long as they are under the watch of the public , said stuff that fit their narrative and their political image , but as soon as the doors were closed , they layed parts of that off as if they were wearing a silly dress and went down to business , starting to talk about real sollutions . 
  when doing that , they could talk freely enough to actually archive their goals in the end , and get a deal that at least looks like they had their `` public-face '' in the negotiations as well . 
  this is also true for an international treaty - negotiation , even more so because such a treaty takes way longer and is extreamly difficult . 
  with the public eyes on them , they always have to be sure to both , be the showman they have to be as politician , as well that they ca n't make proposals with the sole purpose to be negotiated away from this position ( since such proposals , if made public , would create an outcry of the public ) . 
  so , personally , i think , for the sake of getting the best deal done , they should do their negoitation first in secret , and only when they have a proposal , than they should give it to the public so that we can aggitate ourself about certain parts that sould be corrected than . 
  they are something different , but they are connected . 
  it was seen as a betrayal that the politicians surrendered , but the betray was even bigger that these politicians , out of the view of the dagger-thrust-believers , even went that far that they took the guilt of the complete war as well . 
  basically , without the `` complete guilt '' , we would have just a normal betrayal , bad enough , but that they also , `` on the brink of victory '' , accepted the complete guilt for the war as well , was quite a substancial cause of hatred . 
  i think the reperations were only crippling in the end when they were combined with the black friday . 
  due to the fact that the reperations where not in reichsmarkt , as soon as the hyper-inflation kicked in , they became unbearable since everything germany had to pay them became suddenly worthless . 
  yeah , but while the educated will go there , the workes as well , and they get better wages than they would get at home and than sent the money back to their home-nation . 
  it is more likly that the uneducated will only stay temporary in a nation to support their family that still lives in their home-nation , which will spend the money in the other nation which helps their economy . 
  the thing is , the only thing that somewhat can helpt to balance the brain-drain alittle bit is the freedom of movement of the more uneducated . 
  yeah . 
  actually , we have two american lawyers at my university who teach some american law as well , and i in special enjoyed the contract-law since alot of the constructs the us has seems so weired from an european perspective as well . 
  ( in special the idea of consideration is a head-scratching thing that seems so strange ) . 
  well , that is true for the constitutional law as well , since all these principles have a completly different approach here . 
  the good firday accords would already be violated if the uk leaves the echr , since this agreement bases on this treaty . 
  if the uk leaves this treaty , the good friday agreement is void ( or so i heard ), 
  but in international law , they are a single entity , since it is impossible to do form an agreement with every single english citicen , but only with their representatives who speak with one voice , and that is the voice of may . 
  that is the crux of a nation , that the single person has to swallow the shit their representatives did . 
  so , when someone says `` the uk wants it '' , it is what the government says , because , due to elections , they actually speak for you , if you like it or not . 
  they express `` your opinion '' as a part of the collective of the citicens and part of the elecorate , even when you hate every word they say . 
  because of that , yes , we have to say that the uk wants this , because that will be the situation in the negotiations and what the eu has to answer to , and with the eu , i mean the negotiatiors that were empowred by the eu , which is empowred by the national states , which i voted with my voice during the last election , so yes , these electors will represent me , if i like it or not . 
  well , while i agree that the black friday was what eventually completly destroyed germany , one main aspect that helped nationalism to rise was the part of the dagger-thrust legend that made germany solely responsible for wwi . 
  this shift of the complete of the responsibility was a hugh beat-down and humiliation towards the germans that helped the nazi 's with their retoric to come back to power . 
  and it was not really true , since the political situation in europe was actually leading from several parties to this war . 
  after the french basically conquered under napoleon big parts of europe , and than were pushed back , they were pissed at germany . 
  germany , as the new `` big player '' in the field after its reunification , and in special with wilhelm ii . 
  plans to get also some of the cake of cologinalisation , pissed off the brits that wanted to get rid of this new power that just formed . 
  than there were the movements of indipendence from the hungarians against austria . 
  basically , all of europe was at that time a tinderbox of tension , which became more and more connected to each other through treaties , secret agreements , aliances and treason , until the sarajevo-attack exploded everything . 
  so , yes , the reperation alone would n't have caused ww ii that easily , but the combination of all these factors basically created what caused the biggest war in history . 
  the bigger problem for the uk is , that , even that all are ( or should be ) smart and good negotiators , the uk did n't do any trading-deals for quite a long time , since these deals are made by the eu now . 
  due to that , they do n't really have much negotiators with experiences in that field , while the eu has all of them . 
  that might give the uk quite a lot of trouble . 
   that 's not generally a good rule of thumb . 
  you should try and read any and every contract you put your signature on , be it electronic or hardcopy . 
  i specicially mean the terms of contract where you just put the little x in when you have n't read it and than go on . 
  these thigns are thightly regulated in germany , what you can write in and what not . 
  the most funny part is that you ca n't write in the terms anything the customer could n't or would n't expect in there in the first place . 
  if you try this , the unexpected thing you added is void . 
  \u00a7 305c of the german civil code  ( 1 ) provisions in standard business terms which in the circumstances , in particular with regard to the outward appearance of the contract , are so unusual that the other party to the contract with the user need not expect to encounter them , do not form part of the contract . 
  and the court is here always really friends to the one signing the terms , not the one writing them . 
  they can become even voide if they go too far away from what a normal customer can expect from the law .
