  ( for a little understanding , a few hundret years ago , half of germans population was slaughterd in an allout war between protestants and catholics . 
  since then , there was basically piece by following this `` do n't speak about it , just let life '' rule ) . 
  yes . 
  also add rangers into the list to controle the wildlife . 
  but despite that , we still have a lot of so called `` sch\u00fctzenvereine '' which is basically a traditional rifle-club . 
  because of them , there are a considerable amount of guns in posession of privates , but the posession and what you have to do with these is tightly regulated . 
  you have to be trained by professional driving-teachers . 
  you are not allowed to drive without a driving-teacher until you have your complete license , so no teaching by family-members . 
  you have to take a minimum of theoretical and practical lessons ( driving with your teacher ) . 
  you have to drive at least once on the autobahn and once over night . 
  at any point when you finished your theoretical exame you can do the teorethical test , and after that , after finishing the practical lessons , you will do the practical test . 
  to get a full license , you have to be at least 18 years old . 
  there is a minor-license that you can get with 17 ( you can start to make it at 16 ) where you are allowed to drive with one parent with driving experience always sitting next to you . 
  you will get the permission to drive alone automatically at 18 afterwards . 
  edit : reading some other answers here i also forgot to mention : eye-sight tests and first-aid-lessons are also mandatory for everyone that wants to get a license . 
  well , as a roma , i would sue the hell out of these shops . 
  as far as i know , the anti-discrimination-laws based on eu-regulation , and to deny service solely on race or origin of a person is so against the basic notion of anti-discrimination-law that this should lead to a hugh liability for these shop-owners . 
  germany : no , it is prohibited . 
  you can only camp at official camping-grounds or on private properties ( when it is permitted by the owner ) . 
  that is only partly correct . 
  first : the government does not make the laws , they are part of the executive . 
  the parliament makes the law , which is a different body of law . 
  second : yes , the erbschaftssteuergesetz was partly deemed unconstitutional , but the supreme court did not overturn the law by calling it invalid , but gave the parliament the calling to change it until 30.06.2016 , so they have n't reach the date they have to change the law to yet . 
  if i remember correctly , only the way the long-term-meta-data-storage was created last time was overruled , not the general concept as such . 
  so , it is free for the parliament to try to solve the problems the constitutional court has pointed out the last time . 
  well , as a law-student , i am aware of this connection very well . 
  i just do n't see the reason why going into a history-lesson if we compare a difference in the presence . 
  yes , i mentioned that this deepening of the seperation of legislative and executive was to prevent another hitler , and yes , this happend under the supervision of the us ( but if i remembered correctly , it was proposed by a national convent from the germans , not ordered by the allies ) , but again , i do n't see why to bring this up in this discussion when it is about the current differences . 
  and of the brits and france as well . 
  i do n't know the reason why this had to be pointed out that specifically , quite a few things were implemented under the supervision of the allys , for example the abolishment of the death sentence , but still , that is something that was done here and not in the us . 
  german here . 
  well , in special considering your example of clinton v. new york , such things hardly ever happen here since there is no possibility for merkel to give an orders . 
  all laws are passed by the parliament and merkel 's sole power is to inact these laws . 
  after ww2 these powers were stripped from the chancelor and the president since it was seen as a great tool of systematc abuse of a system . 
  so , if there are rulings of the supreme court in that matter ( and that people are interested in ) , it is when a new law might violate any basic law and not about formal questions how this law was created . 
  there is not that much of discussion about the rulings of the supreme court in school , only if there is something of current political importance and you have the luck to have social studies at that time . 
  i think we discussed issues about the rulings regarding the eu-treaty and bailout-funds , but the memory is quite blured since i started to study law afterwards and i ca n't remember exactly what i learned exactly when :d . 
  well , considering the marriage-policy of middle-age europe it is most likly that at least the nobles all over europe are descendents from basically every early kings and kaisers . 
  and considering the high amount of bastards these nobles had with commons , it is most likly that this liniage could easily connect people from norway with charlemagne . 
  such driving will cause certainly damage at least to the bumper of the cars . 
  at least in germany , doing this deliberatly would be criminal property damage , and to drive away afterwards hit and run , which is also a criminal offence . 
  germany : everything is okay to stop the attack , but only the attack . 
  so , you can do everything that you deem necessary to end the attack without increasing the risk for yourself . 
  but if you see at that point ( the so called ex ante-view ) several methods that would clearly end the attack ( imagine you have in one hand a taser , in the other a gun , both are perfect to stop the guy that is running towards you ) , than you have to use the less damaging method . 
  if you are in panick and use your gun , that would be illegal , but you would be excused ( which means also no punishment ) . 
  there are limitations for example if the defender uses a gun . 
  it is seen that most attacks would end in general with a warning-shot . 
  so as long as you do n't risk your own life by making a warning-shot , you have to do it . 
  the attack ends when the attack end !, 
  this is the case if the attacker lays on the ground or is running away . 
  every attack from the side of the defender that goes beyond this point is illegal . 
  so , most people that are sued after doing self-defence are prosecuted because they continued the defence after the attack already ended . 
  there is just one more limitation , and that is that in cases of gross misproportions of attacker and the value you want to protect . 
  among law-scientists , there is the well know example of the 9 year old cherry-thieve that ca n't be shot out of the three just because the elderly man does not see another method to defend his cherrys . 
  there is a difference between ethnicity and nationality . 
  and i do n't know from which mindset you come from , but the ethnicity has nothing to do with the nationallity . 
  they might have ancestors that came from all over the world , but they bear a german passport and they are born in germany ( well , despite podolski , he was born in poland ) . 
  so , they are all germans . 
  same with a big part of the german clubs , the biggest part of the players are german , and this way , there is a bigger pool of good players to choose from . 
  other in the uk ( as far as i heard , not a real expert in football ) where it happens way more often that people from other nations are bought to play in the uk , weaken the pool of english national players . 
  i hope germany , but there will be a lot of difficulties . 
  some players stopped to play for germany after 2014 , there are a lot of injuries , so i have no real clue about their real chances . 
  i do n't know the correct english term , but we call teams like in the uk legionaire-teams , so not a lot of local players , but most bought from around the world . 
  that might create a very good national league , but as soon as england is limited to players of their own nations , the possiblities are very limited . 
  ( at least that is what i often hear about the uk football ), 
  today , the new crime-statistic came out in germany . 
  the crimes committed by refugees went down , and no more than 1 % of the crmies comitted by immigrants or refugees were sexual or manslauhgter-assaults . 
  so , yes , there were examples of exual assault , but they are no major cases . 
  also , according to the crime-statistic , syrians , iraq and afgahn were especially low in criminal-statistic . 
  problems are mostly with libanese ( but also several east-european nations ) and similar nationality which created for decades now a criminal underground-organizations that commit variouse crimes , but not the people that are actually fleeing war and terror in the middle east . 
  german here . 
  of course there are wwi and wwii . 
  there was the 30 year war between the catolics and the just new created protestants ( which killed around half of the population of germany ) and the napoleonic war . 
  we also learned a little bit bout the crusades . 
  i am not sure if we learned this because our latin-teacher was our history teacher as well , but we learned the basics about caeser and later about hanibal . 
  first by not mixing the american hate-speech debate with the actuall laws that are existing in europe . 
  the american hate speech discussion is about the hecklers veto , which means that because some heckler might get angry because you shout bad things at thim , that should not limit your free speech . 
  that is not what the european laws are about !, 
  and as long as you do n't understand the differences you will never understand the european approach . 
  the european laws are against incitment of hatred ( at least the laws i heard about ) . 
  this does not condemn the content of the words you say , but rather how you use them . 
  the crime is to incite hatred in others in order to aggitate them , to create a atmosphere of hatred that could lead to voilence . 
  this law is amaing against the demagogue that tells people about the bad traits of muslims and islam ( in an overexeggerated and gross missinformed manner ) , knowing that this will cause violent actions of the people that will hear him , or the radical imam that preaches hatred against the west and everything not muslim in order to create is-fighters of salafists , which are prone to violence . 
  so , for example , i put you in a single room , around you are 10 jews , all in their traditional ortodox fashion . 
  you scream `` all jews shall die and end in concentration camps ! '', 
  -  no crime , because it is hate speech , but there is no way you could incite others . 
  if you do that again , film it and than publish it online -  crime because you incite hatred . 
  if you do that on a demo or in public , than it is always a crime because you ca n't controle who is aggitated and , lets be honest , no judge will believe you that it was n't your aim to aggitate when you scream that in public . 
  so , it depends on what your problems are and what you need . 
  so , for a dermatologist , if you are just in a public insurance , you might have to wait two weeks for an appointment , sometimes even three . 
  for my primary care physician in constrast , you do n't have to make an apoinment at all , but it might turn out that you have to sit in the waiting room for one or two hours ( so bring a book ) . 
  really overworked , not really , at least that is not the feeling when you are a patient . 
  if you have just a normal condition , you might not see the doctor for long though , depends on how exactly you can discribe your symptomps and how difficult the tests are he has to run . 
  on the other hand , if you really are in a situation you really need medical help , i would n't want to life elsewhere . 
  i am publically ensured and i will never be anything else because i am disabled and no private ensurance would ever want me as one of their customers . 
  so , i have to relay on public care . 
  nonthless , i was able to go for my last two surgeries to one of the best clinics of germany ( a university clinic that is worldwide reknown ) , got difficult surgeries by the head of the department , spent 9 days in hopsital , and payed nothing more than 90 $ . 
  i did n't had to pay for any follow up checks at all . 
  now , i get my shoewear payed for by public healtchare and just have to pay a really small amount myself . 
  to give a little idea of the costs : i am a student and receive money a public student-loan , so i do n't really have money .
