  the only thing i meant is that op made it sound like there were only neglegtable additional costs , but that is simply not true . 
  it costs way more to detain someone for a while than to offer him shelter in a refugee-home , even when the refugee-home . 
  the thing we have to do is actually going more agressivly in negotiations with the nations these illigal immigrants ( and when they are not refugees , which is indicated that they did n't get their refugee-status aprooved , they are illigal immigrants ) comming from . 
  only if this situation is cleared , the deportation is really feasable . 
  just that there is quite a difference in the price-tag for making an abonded house ready to house some refugees and to put them in a detention facility . 
  between putting them in refugee-shelters and actually imprison them are vastly different calculations . 
  people put into a refugee shelter until their application is processed are not imprisoned there , they can still actually roam rather freely in the region they life in and security is also more about the peace in the shelters . 
  a detention-facility on the other hand needs a different setup of the building ( so , we ca n't really use any old hotel or flat for it , but rather have to build detention facilities with cells , bars , security-facilities , etc. ) . 
  also , the staff has to be trained in the detention job , also it takes way more security-per-inmate than in a refugee shelter . 
  all in all , actually imprison all of them until deportation can be really expensive , in special when the nation the illegal immigrants ( which they are if their refugee-status is not accepted ) are comming from do n't take them back at once . 
  it can easily happen that you than have to imprison every single of these guys for maybe up to two years . 
  i think for myself that they are absolutly necessary , well , maybe not that the taxi-driver still has to be able to navigate his area without gps , but the rest , they are very much needed . 
  the insurance is an absolute necessaty . 
  normal insurances have an exemption for taxi-services , meaning that , as soon as the driver earns money with the driving , no damage he causes to his clients will be covered , which means that the people driven in this taxi are , if anything happens , completly uncovered ( let 's be real , no driver is able to actually pay for all this , in special if he gets injured himself ) . 
  the regular check ups are necessary to accomondate the higher attrition of the car . 
  due to the high millage these cars drive , they tend to become a public safty-risk quite early in the life-span of the car , are prone to failures that might cause accidents . 
  so , the check ups are to make sure that the taxis are still able to transport the passangers safly . 
  also , during that time , it can be checked if their payment system works correctly to prevent fraud . 
  every taxi-service has to ensure a 24/7 coverage for the area they are operating in , because taxis are a necessaty for certain situations , to prevent drunk driving for example , or to help bodily disabled people to be transported . 
  a service that ca n't ensure that fails to fill out their public important function . 
  a further knowledge in first-aid is not absolutly necessary , but it certainly helps when your job is mainly to transport people , often ealderly or sick people , or any other group that ca n't drive themselves anymore , who have naturally a higher risk of needing first aid . 
  there are more requirnments , but these rules are in place because they have been prooven to be necessary to opperate such a service properly . 
  well , both . 
  for life means at first for life , but , to meet constitutional demands , the right of parole have to be given in normal circumstances after 15 years , when the court found a `` special severity of guilt '' in the murder , this period of time can be extended to 20 or 22 years ( not sure at the moment ) . 
  in average , if someone is convicted for murder , the parole will hapen after 25 years . 
  but there is no necessaty to do so , so if the parole-hearing shows that the person should still stay in prison , it is actually possible to keep in there for life . 
  europe does not have a free market system , but a social market system , and thanks god we have . 
  this american-ideal of the free market is just as stupid and wrong as the ideal of a communist system , both are nice in theory , but devestating in praxis . 
  also trying to avoide to fullfill the regulations binding taxi-drivers to customer-protection ( for example by demanding special expensive insurances ) , that is also unfair competition . 
  basically , uber wants to do a taxi-service , without abbiding the laws making sure that taxis are safe . 
  well , you could also argue that they are able to cut the costs by simply ignoring the laws the traditional systems have to abbide to and that are meant to create a safty-net for the customers should ever something does not work out ( for example expensive insurances for doing this stuff comercially , but there are many costs-factors that these shared-economy-companies try to bypass ) . 
  well , considering that , at least in some nations ( ca n't speak for every eu-nation though , because i do n't know enough about the different law-systems here ) demand , in order to create protective laws , that the taxis also abbide thight regulations for their services , yes , it is better for the society . 
  uber was forbidden in germany for example because they neglected even the most basic safty standards every single taxi have to abbide ( for example just an insurance that covers for commercial driving of people , but also yearly checks of the car ) or getting the drivers a qualification that every taxi-driver needs ( which , when i remember reports correctly , have a failure-rate of 50 % due to the viciouse testings ), 
  yeah , also kill all the safty-standards and hygene-standards hotels have to meet , perfect idea !, 
  yeah - it is totally unnecessry for uber-driver for example to have an insurance that actually covers driving people comercially . 
  we do n't want that , when the uber driver makes a mistake , that anyone is able to pay for the injuries of the customers , are n't we ? 
  and why demand of hotels to meet certain safty-standards with additional emergency-exits , fire extinghisher , hygene checks and more ? 
  that is just useless , right ? 
  they are not only a `` goverment protected business '' , but also a government regulated business . 
  i ca n't really talk about italy , but in germany , uber was forbidden as well with the same reasoning . 
  and the reasoning was that uber , while offering taxi-services , neglects basically all safty regulations taxi driver have to abbide to protect the customers . 
  they can flurish by not abbiding any safty-regulations that normal taxi-drivers have to abbide , which cost money . 
  i can only speak about germany though , but here , a taxi driver needs , among many other things , an expensive insurance that covers driving people comercially ( that no uber-driver ever has , any injury caused there is not covered by the driver 's insurance , and hell not by uber ) , regular extended first-aid-training , yearly checks of their cars to make sure they are in top condition , an extended knowledge of the area they are operating in , a clean criminal record , and more . 
  yes , these are cost-factors , but they are important for the safty of the customers , and uber fucks with everyone by not providing any of that . 
  yes . 
  the judge is appointed due to a plan set out at the beginning of the office-year that allocates cases by an alphabetic order . 
  the principle of a lawful job means that nobody has the influence to dicide a judge for a specific case . 
  the left is an opposition-party and solely runs programs designed for the opposition , meaning they are never intended to work . 
  you can see how good that goes in berlin where , within one legislative periode , they were not able to archive anything of their goals , but thereby worsen the situation of berlin considerably . 
  the left is just as bad in government as the afd would be ( okay , afd would be worse , but they both run an purly opposition-programs that leave out half of the acquasion ), 
  you mean by changing a freely capitalist system into a social capitalist system , that also demands of the people earning to support a proper welfare-programm in order to keep a balance ? 
  giving the us as an example is for the german situation is n't really accurate since , yes , both are capitalist systems , but have quite alot different implications ( like a ~ 50 % tax for the whealthiest people ) . 
  that said , the social capitalism is a matter of balance , and the difficulty here is to find the right methods to create a better and better balance , and it needs constant maintainans of the different methods to balance in order to find an equal system . 
  so , at least when you speak about social capitalist systems , not really radical changes , but rather moderate adjustments to make sure that everything works fine while not screwing the poor over . 
  were n't the deregulation of the zeitarbeit something done by agenda 2010 , which was a project of the spd , not the cdu ? 
  because the brain of a child and teenager , so in the developing phase , structures itself depending on the task it has at hand . 
  for example , studies of `` wulf children '' ( so kids that , through to accidents , grew up in the wild with animals ) showed that children that were n't thought any language before the age i think of 5 or so , were never able to learn any language because the areas of the brain did n't develope . 
  this just shows the importance that , if you do n't learn stuff as a kid , you will never learn it . 
  same is true with acadamic understanding of languages , a precondition to be able to learn other languages . 
  if you never learned how to analyse speech , how to change it , how to translate it into another langauge , it becomes more difficult up to impossible to learn more than a very borken version . 
  that has nothing to do with skipping classes , but with brain-biology . 
  now , it would n't , we would loose a hell lot if assimilation would be the same as intigration . 
  i would n't have pizza , i would n't have chinese food , thai food , i would n't have three buddah statues and two praying buddiest statues in my room , i would n't eat d\u00f6ner , etc. 
  there is a difference in intigration and assimilation . 
  assimilation is the chinese guy who received his declearation of naturalization in bavarian lether-pants , because he was now a true bavarain ( well , he grew up there all his life ) . 
  intigration means that the person might keep quite alot of his customs , his food , his personality as someone of a foreign descendent , and tries to contribute to the society he tries to life in . 
  he tries to make his a part of his new home-cutlure , and that is something really awesome , because other cultures have a lot of diversity to contribute our own . 
  when the language was not a problem for 25 years , than yes , not getting told that something that was prefectly accaptable for nearly three decades is suprising . 
  just copy soemthing i wrote above . 
   my family ( cusins of my mom run it , mom works in accountig , hr , and what ever else has to be done ) runs a cleaning-business , therefor , quite some of the employees are of the `` lowerclass '' and a lot of turkish woman work there as well . 
  so , maybe i can tell you why from the experience there :     the people came here for big parts with little or no schooling . 
  the turks from the well educated cities did n't came because they were n't needed , labourors were needed , and in special in rural turkey , it is not even uncommon that the people there are illiterate . 
  so , it is one thing for someone who has at least an acadamic grasp of his own language through school , probably having already learned another foreign language during the teenage-years , to addapt into a new language . 
  but if you come here as an adult that has not enough knowledge to even understand your own language , learning a foreign language is next to impossible . 
  but that does not mean that intigration is impossible . 
      one of the most trusted employees ca n't speak german very good . 
  you can talk with her slowly , even when she lives here for decades . 
  but you know what ? 
  with her hard working , with making extra hours after extra hours , she made sure that her daughters not only became good schooling , she also ensured that they are capable of proper german and that they have studied . 
  there is an excuse , and that is , even when he tried hard , that he did n't manage to learn german fully . 
  depending on the schooling in special of the child-days , people are sometimes not possible to learn another language perfectly when there is no acadamic foundaiton . 
  in special rural turkey had terrible schooling conditions , it was not uncommon to have illiterate people there . 
  if someone who did n't learn their own language in an acadamic way until they became adult , now have to learn a foreign langauge , it might not be possible . 
  that does not mean that he ca n't be intigrated though . 
  a coworker of my mom , a cleaning-lady , speaks only broken german , but she worked her ass off for decades to make sure that her children only went to good schools , made sure that they got contact with alot of germans early on in order not to get an accent , and financed ( with extra-hours of cleaning ) the university-studies of them . 
  that is someone perfectly intigtrated in here , even when i have problems to have a longer conversation with her . 
  depending of the schooling the people had before comming here 30 or 40 years ago , it might not be possible for them to learn proper german , but that does not mean that it is impossible to intigrate . 
  a curdish coworker of my mom came here long ago , but had basically no schooling before comming here . 
  for decades now , she works her ass off as a cleaning lady , and despite that she was never able to grasp the german language , her daughters have studied , speak flawless , and are her complete proud . 
  what we need to demand is the willingness to try their best to be part of this society , and when they do that , even when they never loose their accent or even speak properly , they have a right to be here , in special after 30 years of faithful work , as this guy had . 
  my family ( cusins of my mom run it , mom works in accountig , hr , and what ever else has to be done ) runs a cleaning-business , therefor , quite some of the employees are of the `` lowerclass '' and a lot of turkish woman work there as well . 
  so , maybe i can tell you why from the experience there : the people came here for big parts with little or no schooling . 
  the turks from the well educated cities did n't came because they were n't needed , labourors were needed , and in special in rural turkey , it is not even uncommon that the people there are illiterate . 
  so , it is one thing for someone who has at least an acadamic grasp of his own language through school , probably having already learned another foreign language during the teenage-years , to addapt into a new language . 
  but if you come here as an adult that has not enough knowledge to even understand your own language , learning a foreign language is next to impossible . 
  but that does not mean that intigration is impossible . 
  one of the most trusted employees ca n't speak german very good . 
  you can talk with her slowly , even when she lives here for decades . 
  but you know what ? 
  with her hard working , with making extra hours after extra hours , she made sure that her daughters not only became good schooling , she also ensured that they are capable of proper german and that they have studied .
