  normal banks do not print money , only the national banks , in case of the euro the ecb is able to do that , and the ecb has no business model , but a political agenda . 
  the business model of banks is to hand out money and want more money back . 
  and even when i do n't agree with some of the current methods of the financial market , in special the gambling and high-risk papers , the detachment of the monitary market from the actual production and value of companies , the financial market as such is important to enable the existance and the development of companies . 
  we do however need better regulations of the financial market . 
  i am also for socal justice , but i am aware that the social justice is costly , and that money ca n't simply be printed or else we would have an inflation that would lead to our all downfall . 
  so , we need ways to create the earnings so that we tax them so that we can afford social welfare . 
  all this is about balance . 
  balance that allows companies to thrive while , at the same time enough restrictions that the state can use the money of the companies to create welfare and to allow the state to run in general . 
  this `` fuck the cooperation '' - bullshit is basically the approach for downfall , just as much as `` fuck the little man '' approach is . 
  they were most likly born and raised here , most likly immigrants in the second or third generation . 
  and surly , there has something to be done from the side of the german government to strengthen the effort of intigration . 
  the thing is , anti-semitism , just as anti-islamisn or anti-christianity , or basically most political view , base on traditions . 
  the tradition to be anti-semite for example are different if it emerges out of the `` german '' culture ( where we have the history of race-idiology and the even longer history of anti-semitism of the christian tradition ) or the middle eastern culture ( where it is a combination of certain interpretation of the islamic beliefe and the ongoing conflict between isreal and the muslim world ) . 
  because the root of this anti-semitism is different depending on the person doing it , the problem has to be tackled in another way . 
  someone in this thread discribed that that school , in order to tackle anti-semitism , they invited holocaust-survivors . 
  but as it was pointed out as well , this attempt was frutile because holocaust-survivors are more likly to work against the german tradition of anti-semitism , not the middle-eastern one . 
  different things have to be thought to tackle this issue here . 
  the same is true btw . 
  for anti-islamic motivation . 
  depending on the tradition it emerges out off , the problem have to be tackled differently . 
  if we talk with an isreali citicen who faced terroristic attacks regularly , you have to take a different approach ( for example telling them that they do a lot of shit with palastine and gaza and that they , as the nation with basically all the power , are obliged to offer the olive-branch again and again , even when muslims attack them , because as long as they supress the muslims as they do and do their stupid housing-policy , it will get worse and worse ) as for german anti-islamists who are comming for some parts from the same race-idiology that creates anti-semitism , just from another perspective , to christian radicals . 
  also , i see anti-islamists that became like that because their concerns they witnessed were ignored by the majority of political parties so that extrem parties were able to adress them alone , creating their own prerogative of interpretation , changing the image more and more . 
  because of that , i fight against ignroing issues that exist just as much as i fight radical solutions for these issues . 
  racism is a broad term that ca n't be tackled unitarily , but for each branch of racism , depending who does it and against whom , we have to analyse the source for these actions . 
  because of that , it is important to name the source just as much as it is to name the victim . 
  no , it is rather that my family runs a cleaning service , so they get a nice overview of the people that are either only come to a job to precdnt social.services to take theor money away or who.are just that badly educsted that they clean . 
  also known as the lowerclass of the lowerclass . 
  due to that , i think i have a better insight in some situations as someone who kust uses idiotic tropes , 
  first , you ca n't deplrt someone who has also the home-citicenship . 
  i ca n't deport someone who has both , the german and the turkish citicenship , because the german gice him a right to stay . 
  only if they habe to chppse which nationality to keep on habing and dicide for tje foreign one , that would be possible . 
  also , yes , there are peo\u00f6le.that do n't want to intdgrate , but that is not necessary only a muslim thing . 
  i knlw enough of eastern european immigrants that are very polrly integrated ( extended family runs a cleaning service , so thd regularly.see.the bottom lf society as.employees of all different regions ) even after generations , just as i know muslims that are perfectly integrated . 
  the willingness to intigragate has something to do.with education and creating a necessaty to do so . 
  it is only possible if you were born with two citicenships . 
  in the past , when you had twl due to having parents with several citicenships , you had to dicide at the age of 21 ( i think ) which nationality to keep , but that was scrapped . 
  i think both acts are equally dispicable , and i really do n't like that they are treated differently , and the comment of goodphotos is rather disgusting . 
  i hate these kind of speculations about where the culprit was from . 
  if there were special indications , the police would publish it . 
  but i do n't really know what to do , apart of tackling the threads i find and try to say what i believe , but yes , just as much as there are anti-semite movements pretty strong ni some arreas , the anti-islam-movement is just as true . 
  because , compared to france , our muslims are very well intigrated . 
  the situation is france is much worse . 
  there might be a difference in culture , since , as far as i know , the arabs tend to be more radical than the turkish that are mainly the muslim majority here . 
  but at the same time , i think that france also failed more to intigrate the muslims into their society as we did ( we are not good as well , but it seems to work better here ), 
  not by me though , that was one of the few comments of yours that i gave an upvote in this discussion . 
  to be fair , after looking at op 's history , we have here several agenda-pusher , just that op is more suddle . 
  what white-flight are you talking about ? 
  you mean germans that leave the nation ? 
  that is really not a thing . 
  there are some problems with minorities , and in some cases there is a lot work to be done to intigrate better , but some of it is highly overblown as well . 
  ehm , we had quite alot of these news concerning the pegida-demonstration and attacks on refugee-homes , also attacks on refugees in general . 
  these news are not really uncommon . 
  the problem is though that the real big things , like terror attacks , are not that often discovered , and than such a thing dominates the news for quite a while because massive failure of state-intelligence and similar are being discovered ( look at anis amri ) . 
  but , at least some of these right-wing-attacks are covered when they reached a certain scope . 
  well , i formyself are very much in favor that we drop the current regulation with double-citicenship , because this way , it contributes to cutting the strong ties that incourage this double-life . 
  but on the other hand , i thing our constitution is an archievement , and it is worth to defend , in all directions . 
  and because of such idiots , i do n't want the constitution to be watered down , i do n't want pandorras box to be opened . 
  that is quite the dilema . 
  i know marketplace from quite a few occassions , and neither is he a mod that does it due to the `` german guilt '' nor i am who thinks it is very much okay . 
  the story is different if these kids would have been german , because the anti-semitism of germans have a different implication as the anti-semitism of muslims . 
  while german kids would most likly hint that there is a nest of afd , neonazi 's or similar groupd , anti-semitism of muslims indicated of influences of certain interest groups of middle eastern origins . 
  both are things that we do n't want , but both problems have to be handled differently . 
  while radical `` germans '' normally need more intervention of rather centrum left political idiologies that demand openess and `` let everybody be pieceful together '' and enforcing of hate-crime-laws , muslim anti-semitism normally demands more center-right ideas about actually enforcing intigration of some sorts , or even demanding that peole , that do n't want to stay go back ( in addition to hate-crime-laws ) . 
  because of that , yes , it is important that they were muslims , because that changes the complete discussion . 
  and because of that , is has nothing to do with german-guilt that it is actually necessary for context to include the information . 
  and by blaming white-guilt for this , you put yourself in a very bad position . 
  well , it would help if erdogan stops telling the turkish people that they should always be turkish citicens before belonging to the nation they are actually home to . 
  i agree that there is alot to be done for intigration , but also that some of them are not willing to let themselves be intigrated . 
  we have quite a community here that basically want to continue to live their lives like they do in turkey , with turkish values and turkish behaviour , just with the german social system and minimum wage . 
  and really , to break these communities apart , we would have to take actions that are most likly not in accordance with the constiutiont ( right to free development of the personallity for example ), 
  i agree with you that op has a very questionable posting-history , but that does not mean that he does not point out an existing problem , and that is that anti-semitism , in special in muslim groups and groups with middle-esatern origin , is veery much a problem . 
  that is something not only i experienced with several muslim friends that i actually never supsected to have such ideas , but that i heard basically from everyone with muslims acquaintance when this theme came up . 
  even when someone like this guy brings that theme up , it is worth discussing . 
  the only thing that should not happen is that the conclusion of these discussions are fitting op 's agenda , but rather , instead of going with blind rage against muslims , to find a balanced solution . 
  i know , that is for the internet quite uncommon , but for me , this is always a fight worth to take it on  . 
  the thing that your comments create is a feeling of ignoring existing problems , something that actually helps op , and also is a perfect feeding for propaganda-groups that try to demonize muslims . 
  it is better to discuss than to ignore . 
  i agree that op , judging from his history , is quite an idiot . 
  but the way you argued in this complete thread , you put yourself on his level , and , at least here , even beyond . 
  first : even when this guy has an agenda , the problem with muslims or general descendents of that region with an anti-semetic world-view is very real . 
  you wo n't find a lot of people with muslim friends who did n't made this experience , even from really tollerant one . 
  i myself had several of these experience that a friend i considere very tollerant said some anti-semitic weired stuff , even ones that i do n't consider muslim since they , for example . 
  love pork and are not interested in religion at all . 
  because of that , yes , it is important for the story that it was a muslim , even when it was brought up by some agenda-pushers . 
  my personal opinion is to never close your eyes in front of existing problem , and to adress them straight forward , in order not to give people with an extremist agenda the power of interpretation and the power to offer solutions . 
  we have an anti-semetic problem among muslims , period . 
  but we have to find a solution based on human rights , our constitution and with respect to all sides . 
  for that , such a discussion like this here is useful , even when broght up by someone that has ill in mind , because than , you can twist this theme away from them . 
  second : stop using the term `` isreal-propaganda '' . 
  this term is simply wrong , as i already discussed earlier . 
  jewish-extremist-propaganda is in general better , but here , just give a comment about his history , but do n't start to sound like someone with tinfoil-head , because with that , you will only get what you got here , that people will not listen to you . 
  third and most important : stop with the shit tropes . 
  you lost when you started with german-fear . 
  with that comment , you not only lost me , but basically everyone else , because from there , it is hard up to impossible to get your reputation up . 
  you should never cross line with such stereotypes , and it is just as a stupid argument as your other with the white-guilt . 
  yes , there may be a few still out there that have some of these things , but when someone gives your arguments like i did , do n't just sweap them away with some strange guilt . 
  i did n't gave any indication of anything like that . 
  if you do that , people will see you as retarded as the guy who is at the moment well known for such shit , and i do n't want to know if you want this red cappy and tiny gloves . 
  last comment on that string . 
  the only thing that realy annoys me is how this trope is used to belittle the arguments , to basically `` fuck you , you are german , so fuck off '' .
