  instead , we have a video where the guy ticks out when he was called turkish , we have brevik-pictures on his whatsapp-account , we have pictures from him at winnenden ( the german columbine ) , we have clear books amok and we have even a manifest written by him . 
  i , to be frank , do n't trust this one eye-witness at all , just think about all the `` eye-wittnesses '' that suddenly , after they heard about the first attack , noticed shootings all over munich , non of these were valid . 
  about the last attack this night - again , frist check , than speculate , that is what the german police is doing , so the motive will be discussed later on . 
  that is really stupid . 
  this should be pinned on the frontpage so that this half-informed nonsense can stop !, 
  well , the firt post of the frontpage of r/europe is : ` man with machete kills a woman and injures two in reutlingen , germany ' considering that the incident is important enough to be the most important post of this sub at the moment , a new information that basically makes 70 % of the speculation there invalid might be of relevance . 
  accodring to the police , there are no indications that this attack was a terroristic incident . 
  the evidence point rather to a relationship-crime ( do n't know if this is the correct english word , could n't find a good translation in the dictionary ) . 
  edit : it is fun how a rough summary of the police-report gets downvoted . 
  congrats for all the people that hate facts !, 
  edit 2 : so , the newest news are these : the woman that got killed rejected the man which angered him enough to cause this attack . 
  the `` machete '' he used was the knife that was used in the restaurant the man worked and where the attack occured to cut down the meat from the kebab-spit . 
  i agree that there are idiots and assholes among the refugees , or any other group of people . 
  these people ca n't be helped , and they should go . 
  but by putting all refugees and imigrants on this level just causes a lot of harm . 
  if someone is willing to be part and than gets rejectet , they can get the idea that the `` other 's '' , the extrimists , are right . 
  neither do i , but prejudge millions of people because of the action of a few is just wrong , and it does not help . 
  at the moment , muslims are prone to commit crime , but a few decades ago , germans did basically simliar crimes , also irish people . 
  there are a lot very well intigrated muslims all over europe !, 
  the best way to survive is to do two things : * trying to include foreigners and immigrants that want integrade into our society , not excluding them , because by excluding you might be a cause of radicalication . 
  ( that is something you can do ! ), 
  * to punish people that do n't want to be part of the society by commiting crime . 
  in this regard , i would hope for a few stricter courts that gives more boundaries . 
  also , people that clearly have anti-democratic views , like salafists or other radicalists , and that can be send away because they have not a european nationality , they should be sent back . 
  ( that is something only the state can do , but on a case-to-case basis , not just because of the ethnisity ), 
  you have no clue what you are talink about . 
  in special iranians that came around that time flee from a islamisation of iran , they were often the best educated of a rather good developed nation . 
  iranians have n't even the same believe as the is , they are rather enemies in religion , similar to the differences between the catholic and protestant churches during the 30-year-war in germany . 
  and in the end : this was not an attack that had anything to do with religion , but rather a disturbed young teen that went crazy . 
  the fact that he is iranian has nothing to do what he did . 
  we had similar motivated amok-runs in schools that were done by whiter than white kids . 
  you know that his parents were living here at least a decade before he was born ( or else , he could n't have german-iranian citicenship ) . 
  this means they are here for at least 30 years . 
  my extended family ( cusin of my mom , but my mom works there in the accounting ) runs a facility-management-service that cleans , among other things , refugee-homes . 
  first-hand-experience : no problems with syrians , a hell of problems with eastern europeans ( meaning mostly roma ) . 
  if you have eastern europeans in these homes , it is clear that the facilities get destroyed , the people get harassed and more . 
  edit : to elaborate on that , i went to the police statistic ( 2015 ) and looked criminality according to nationality . 
  i choose the statistic without the aliens-law . 
  according to this [ statistic ] ( http://www.bka.de/de/publikationen/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/pks__node.html ) ( imk-bericht , seite 55 ) , the ranking for criminality is : * turkey * rumanian * polish * serbian * italian * bulgarian * kosovan * syrian maybe you notice that , despite turkey which we have a problem with , but that does not send refugees here , the first muslim or `` refugee-nation '' comes after most of eastern europe . 
  the question is , what are `` european '' or `` german '' values for you ? 
  for me , they are written in the constitution as the first 20 article , meaning the human rights . 
  leaving people die or starve that flee terror and war , that is inhuman and is everything we propagate as ours for the last 70 years . 
  if we do it , we have n't come far from where we left . 
  what i am against are the true economic immigrants , meaning ( for a big part ) the eastern european that mixed themselves into the people that were fleeing here . 
  same with big parts of the africans comming here ( not all , some are really fleeing , but a majority ) . 
  these have to go back in order to improve the place where they came from while we have to work on ourselfs at the same time in order not to distroy what they have ( for example shut down the international food markets that destroy the african economy and starve people to death , also working on the clima-change ) . 
  but the people that are fleeing war , if we leave them , than we leave everything that is on meant to be the core-values of the eu . 
  than we are not better than any of these third world nation you look down on , than we are not better than quatar . 
  the problem is when we import the uneducated and backwards part of these nation , as we did for a long time with the turks . 
  the people from anatolya came and did not try to intigrate but rather basically continued their life here in seperated communities . 
  the problem is we do n't need these people here , because we have enough of the same already , the german comparison of these are just marching with pegida and vote the afd , they are the far right . 
  both are on the same level , just with another excuse for their stupidity . 
  i heard reports that eye-witnesses said that he was aiming especially for children and teens . 
  it would fit the `` i was bullied and go because of that on a murderspree '' idea , just that he does not go to his school , but rather to the local mcdonalds . 
  also , it fits that he tried to lure his classmates to the mcdonalds in beforehand . 
  you know that , before the islamic revolution , iran was quite edvanced and had quite a lot interlectuals , that were actually feeling the revolution . 
  most iranians we have here today are either the people that feld the islamic revolution or their descendents . 
  the idea that `` everything not europe or us is backwards and stupid '' is just another proove of backward and stupid thinking . 
  the fact is , this part of your heritage integrated and became part of the german culture , became part of this place . 
  and the liklyhood that at least maybe 40 - 50 % of your heritage is not `` pure german '' , but rather from all over the world , is overwhelmingly high . 
  at one point , your ancestors came here , integrated and became part of this what is now called german , and to deny this to people comming now here is just insanly stupid . 
  man , you are such an idiot that you ca n't even read what i wrote - . - . 
  that is what people say about german 's as well . 
  it is funny how , as soon as it is a question about a person from arabia could be german , everybody stops calling germans nazi 's , murderer and criminals , just to use the same terminology on the arabians - . - . 
  it is the dark-web acutally . 
  the deep web is the part that is not catigorized by search-engine , so basically everything behind a paywall or for what you have to register for ( aka e-mail , etc. ), 
  or for what you need a password . 
  dark net in contrast is a system that you can only access with special software ( tor for example ) . 
  it is a part of the deep web , but that is the place you are referring to . 
  no , that is wrong . 
  germany has ius sanguinis , meaning the nationality by blood . 
  in contrast to that is the ius soli , or the nationality by place of birth . 
  for example , the us is a ius soli nation , jsut as australia . 
  these nations lived from imigration and so made their nationality-law like that . 
  germany , on the other hand , gives nationality by heritage , meaining you can be born here , but you will not become german thereby . 
  that is why we have so many turks living here , which were born in german , without german nationality . 
  than , to be frank , you are not a native of your nation , i am not a native of mine , and basically noone is a native to any area , because we are all a mixture . 
  the history of humans is the history of migration . 
  the liklyhood that you have arabian and african blood in your vains is nearly 100 % , and i can guarantee you this without even knowing you , because we all have mixed blood . 
  so , when nobody can be truly german that have not pure german heritage , than nobody is german . 
  a nationality is nothing else as a society of people that see themselves as one nation . 
  and if someone want to be a part of it , working on it , than he is a part of that what is called `` german '', 
  no , because you have to give up your foreign nationality to gain the german . 
  the only possibility to have a dual nationality in germany is to be born with it , meaning that at least one parent has the german nationality at time of birth . 
  so , no matter what , at least one parent was german . 
  i would recommend to make a dna-ethnisity-test , to see from where allover the world you are . 
  the idea that someone comming from a foreign place can never be `` a native '' is just a proove of failing mental maturity and intelligence . 
  the only thing that are required to become a part of a society is the willigness to intigrate . 
  if you do n't want that , than go , if you want that , than you will be my brother . 
  someone like you does not belong in our time and place . 
   horsecrack . 
  the european right does n't want to unconditionally flood europe with refugees or immigrants , the end . 
  that 's the sane viewpoint , no matter how you twist it . 
  just read about comments of right-wingers from all over the place , they do n't make a difference about well integrated or not , about legal or illegal . 
  no , foreign or not foreign ( looking ) is what they seperate . 
  he was at least heavily into literature and other content concerning amok-runs . 
  not known yet , just `` german-iranian '' , which suggest that one of his parents was german , the other iranian . 
  it is not like he wanted ( or so it seems ) . 
  if you watch the rooftop movie you saw how angry he became when he was called with a slureword for foreigners , screaming that he was german . 
  he wanted to be considered german , he did n't want to go anywhere .
