  and that will be the fact with london as well . 
  also , as far as i know , for banks in order to be able to operate in an area , they have to put subsidiaries inside the other market . 
  this was mostly done in the past by opening subsidiaries in london that could work all over europe . 
  that changes now , because now , they have to be inside the eu again , which means outside of london . 
  thats depend highly on the school though . 
  i went to 3 gymnasium , and only the first one had actually a pretty decent list of ag 's , something that would probably the closest thing to a club . 
  i went to the biology-ag and the mediation-ag for example . 
  the other schools i went to had nothing like that at all , only the last one had an inspired chemistry-teacher who made the ag `` quantum-physics and vital questions '' where he first analysed the quantum phyiscs and than went into phylosophy by taking the ideas of this part of physics into other areas of life . 
  probably . 
  the biggest difference is just about the legality of the age-gap , not really the social stigma . 
  do n't get me wrong , it is weired , i just wanted to add this to / u / __ what_the_fuck __ . 
  nontheless , it is not uncommon for girls to have a crush on older guys , or to be interested in someone older . 
  you do n't have to engage into it . 
  i do n't know the law in france , but europe are way more open when it comes to sex . 
  if i think they have similar rules than we have in germany , sex with teens at the age of 14 is legal as long as you do n't exploid their inexperience thereby ( and , if it comes out , the teen or the parents have to press charges for it to be a problem ) . 
  teens at the age of 16 are pretty free to have sex with whomever they want , it is just illegal to pay them or the film it . 
  also , guardians ( including teachers ) are not allowed to have sex . 
  with 18 , you can do whatever you want . 
  in addition to what / u/thewindinthewillows said , carrying a gun around is not only illegal , but commiting any sort of crime , even when you carry it around legally , creates viciouse punishments . 
  for example , a normal theft is punished with monitary punishment or up to 5 years in prison . 
  if you carry a gun , without even thinking about carrying it , without the intent to use it , that punishment will rise up to not less than 6 month and not more than 10 years . 
  this , for example , would also include theft by a police officer who carries his gun around legally . 
  the only exeption is when the gun is stored in a way that you would n't be able , in any case , to get the gun out in time when anything happens . 
  apart of the cologne-d\u00fcsseldorf-issue someone already mentioned , i think of the dislike of frankonia and bavaria . 
  frankonia is a part of bavaria , but the frankonian and the `` real '' bavarian do n't like each other at all . 
  while the frankonians for example are more protestant , the bavarians are generally katholic . 
  i do n't know exactly how all this started , but probably because they were in the past two neighbouring seperate kingdoms and they spent centuries killing each other , and the dislike never really stopped . 
  disabled feet here . 
  was born with two clubfoots and after the last sutgery ( 4th on the left foot , the right got only two surgeries though , and that as a toddler ) i basically lost most of my ankle so that it is now permanently in a 90 \u00b0 - position . 
  it is okay to life . 
  i have now a disability-card that prooves that i am disabled , that , in the version i have , also allows me to use for 70 $ a year to use all over germany the public transport ( only local and short-distance classes of transport , but that is already nice ) . 
  also , as a university-student , i got exempt of the mandatory semester-ticket , because i have the cheaper disability-ticket . 
  due to the healthcare-system i am able to get the necessary surgeries and can affort my necessary orthopedic shoes , so i get cared for in that regard . 
  apart of my own experience , i also worked for my governmental internship ( mandatory for law-students ) in the government that approves help for disabled persons to work ( workplace reconstruction , transport , helpers ) , the reintigration of workers into the workforce and also oversees the laws for worker protection of disabled people . 
  all in all , the state does alot if the people actually ask for help . 
  thanks , for you as well :d . 
  and the thing is , when i speak about poland in this context , i mean the government that works at the moment , not the entire population of poland . 
  but , in the end , if we talk about poland as political entity , and they are in the view of eu discussion , they are represented by their government and the actions of the government are therefor seen as the action of poland in general . 
  and basically , seeing the rethoric of pis , there is not much left that is pro eu apart of the money that the eu pays to poland . 
  i am aware that there is quite a big part of polish people that are against pis , and that it is a harsh reality to face that you are represented by people which action you do n't support , but the fact is that these people are elected , and that the eu has to deal with them as they are now . 
  no , rather how the current government deconstruct democratic systems and the seperation of power , which basically contradicts the european values of democracy quite alot . 
  because of that , it does n't matter if they are interested in deeper intigration or not , under the current regime , they simple ca n't become a part of it due to incompability with the fundamental values the `` faster '' union should have . 
  well , here , it is mostly a problem handled by the individual school . 
  i went to 3 gymnasiums ( not a facility for sport , but the path of school that lead you to the german abitur that is a requirement to enter university ) and all three were different in that regard . 
  the first one was the best , we had mediation-training for volunteering students ( i participated in that ) , even when we basically never had really mediations to perform , the fact that in the end we had 50 % students trained in mediation helped the class quite alot . 
  that said , our class was also the expetion because all 4 of the teachers that tranied the mediators were in our class and most of them were our homeroom teacher at one point . 
  but due to that , our teacher was able to handle bullying quite nicly . 
  at one point , i was the victim , and our class-rep went to the homeroom teacher and told her about my situation . 
  in the next lesson , she gave the class work to to for ourself and took the three bullies and the three nicest kids , put them into a room to work out the sources of bullying , the consequences for the bullied person , and how to counteract bullis , including a punishment-catalog for bullies . 
  it stopped that day . 
  the other school were in variouse degrees worse , but the first one was clearly the best . 
   there is only one thing wrong in what merkel did , and that was that she did it only when the refugee-crisis was already that bad , she should have used germany 's preassure for a solution before everything went to shit . 
  that is why i included that here . 
  i read the article and it still says that , even when they have the capacity , they still are not willing to give it to them . 
  the theory that something like these tends exist does not mean that saudi arabia is giving them to them anytime soon . 
  saudi arabia is known for giving a shit about human rights and any obligations other than delivering oil to the price they want . 
  and with palestines : are you seriouse , because someone was willing to help in the 40 's has nothing to do with todays siutation . 
  have you ever looked at the situation in that region in the last decades ? 
  that is now borderline bullshit you are writing here . 
  just because a nation was willing to help 70 years ago people has nothing todo with today , or should we ask the european nations that were helping during the balkan wars if they feel happy with these analogy you are giving at the moment ? 
  nobody said anything about punishment , the current system of the eu would still continue to exist . 
  the only thing is that , to be honest , nobody is willing to go in further intigration with the polish setup , and as far as i understand it , the polish government is only in favor of forms of intigration that means more money for poland without any obligations , and that is something that wo n't happen . 
  you really put a link to refugees of the 1940 's and a link that said that saudi arabia wo n't take refugees ? 
  i agree , these are really perfect examples where refugees today can go , in special the tents of the 1940 's hold up so well . 
  also , libanon and jordan took already more refugees than their crumbeling economy could ever take . 
  their camps need fundings of the un to sustain even the most minimum of living standards in regard to sanitation and food , and the un is heavily underfunded in this regard , so that these camps lack the most basic system . 
  if you read the refugee convention together with the european conventien of human rights and the customary international law , as it is established by decades of practice ( which are all binding set of rules in international law ) , the argument with the border nation becomes mood . 
  a refugee does not loose his status as soon as he set foot on another nation , only when he finds a safe shelter , and there are no safe spaced next to syria due to the instability of the middle east and the missing fundings of the un . 
  as long as these refugees ca n't get proper shelter with enough food and a minimum of security , they are nit forced to stay , and there is no place in the middle east ( that respect human rights more than isis does , so no emirates or quatar ) that fit this discription . 
  turkey does if erdogan dicides to crate such shelters , what he only did afer the merkel-deal . 
  so there was and , sinve erdogan ignores promises regularly , still is for big parts no safe shelter before reaching europe for these people , so their regugee-status still exists . 
  and if you find a nation outside of the eu that is willing to care for refugees , that we can ensure that they get the legal treatment of refugees ( food , shelter , schooling , right to work ) , than go for it . 
  i have n't heard anyone outside of european fantasies.that showed that any of the proposed nations are willing to accept such camps . 
  this stuff of germany is for big parts misinformation and just plain dementia for what happend . 
  when merkel did her famouse `` invitation '' , the only thing she actually did was saying that she will accept the hundret of thausand people that were at the moment roaming through europe when the camps in hungary burst open and the people started to run to western europe . 
  basically , she made germany the exhaust valve for greece and hungary . 
  the people not only came without her intervention , they were already here , and , if she had n't acted , they would have gone all underground and started to fuck everything over . 
  at the same moment , germany tried to organize the situation by creating an all-europe-deal to work this crisis out , and when that failed , she did the last thing possible , and that was this aweful deal with erdogan . 
  there is a difference in enforcing borders and ignoring people drowning ( and thereby violating international law ) , even when they are refugees . 
  the normal legal path is to put them in refugee camps ( since everyone has the right to ask for a refugee-status ) , than determine if they should get it , and if not , than sent them back , but certainly not to let them drown . 
  and this system would n't have been a problem if it would n't be all on greece and italy to work it out , and later on germany , who are by the flood of the situation of that time overwhelmed . 
  there is only one thing wrong in what merkel did , and that was that she did it only when the refugee-crisis was already that bad , she should have used germany 's preassure for a solution before everything went to shit . 
  basically , a big problem of europe is that there are too many nations with different idiologies in europe , and , in contrast of the public opinion , the big nations ca n't dictate what happens in europe . 
  in special when it comes to a change in the setup of the eu , we need an unanonimouse agreement to do so , every single veto stops all changes . 
  and here , the idea of two-track-europe comes into play . 
  basically , while the current eu continue to exist , some nations dicide to make changes for themselves to deepen the european intigration that the other nations either do n't want to participate , or ca n't due to the economical and political makeup . 
  in special the rise of right-wing popularism in eastern europe ( look at the current government of poland and hungary for example ) , i personally think it is necessary to start a two-track europe . 
  the eu as such , as how we have it , would not have been possible if we have started with 27 nations . 
  it was possible because 6 nations dicided to work together and the rest joined one after another when they saw that this cooperation was good . 
  i think we are again at a point where too many cooks spoil the broth for a deeper intigration . 
  therefor , the one that do n't want to follow this path can stay at their current status in the way the eu is setup now , while the other can go into a deeper intigration . 
  maybe the deeper intigration fails and we all go back to the normal eu , or the deeper intigration succeeds and the other nations dicide to join from `` just eu '' to `` eu 2.0 '' . 
  we can only find out if we try . 
  well , harmless stuff , stealing alcohol from a bar . 
  that said , since we were a bunch of law-students , it raises the stupidity-level again . 
  there was this one dutch girl that admittet that she is somewhat of a cleptomanic when she is drunk . 
  i would say the `` deaths per billion vihicle kilometers '' are not that significant than `` death per 100.000 inhabitants '' , which is 10,2 to 4,2 . 
  for me , the `` per billion vihicle kilometers '' is not that significant due to the differents of german and us-road-structure . 
  the us is a vast nation with a hell lot of empty road . 
  so , when you drive on a highway , you can drive for miles and miles without having any situation where you might face a situation that could create a car-accident , sometimes without even seeing many other cars .
