  it is rarely done without a reason like that . 
  in the very long run , yes . 
  now or in the next few decades , hell no . 
  at the moment , the eu is politically , economically and idiologally too diverse to fit into a single nation . 
  it takes more intigration-work , and maybe an eu of two tracks , so that eventually , first these nations that fit together can start and than expand again slowly . 
  but again , that is something that will take at least decades . 
  i may see it in my lifetime , but it would probably be only at the end of it . 
  i want to add art . 
  this article is called the `` ewigkeitsklausel '' or `` eternity-clause '' . 
  this clause says that neither art . 
  1 nor art . 
  20 can be ever changed in a way that would reduce their core-ideals . 
  meaning that the acknowledgment of human dignity , we acknowledge the importance of human rights , and we bind all branches of government directly to these . 
  also , it means that we are bound to be a social democracy with seperation of power . 
  i could only go without the federal part , or at least for some extend , since there are to many themes given to the states that just cause problems . 
  not twitter account , but the website of the ministry . 
  i think the hearing in front of the constitutional court was just a few days ago . 
  there are still some attempts to do seperation . 
  for example , there is a clear difference what a politician can say , and what a minister can say . 
  ministers have to be politically neutral and are not allowed to basically speak against a single other party . 
  the problem here is the double-role . 
  so , for example , if a minister wants to bash the afd , they have to do it with a letter-head of their position as mp ( so as politician ) . 
  if they do it with resources they have as minister ( website of the ministry , during a speech as minister , etc ) , this is illegal . 
   but i believe we as a people will have to make it work . 
  well , for me , this is part of a new intigration-effort , not only to attempt to change the way the not-well-intigrated migrants and germans with migrant background act , but also the way the society reacts and intigrates these as well . 
  efforts that are solely one-sided will never be able to really work . 
  it depends . 
  we have perfectly intigrated people that life here and that enjoy the freedoms of this nation , and there are the one that try to life the life they would have in their old nation here . 
  there are still integration problems , and these problems are a mixture of unwillingness of some of the people that came here to be really part of this society , but also a big part due to wrong incentives given and wrong political movements . 
  in the beginning , when we got a hell lot of turks to work here , it was planned for them comming here for a couple of years and than go back , but the idea was not that they would stay . 
  so , there was no attempt to make them really become part of this society at first , and that had its consequences . 
  after that , the `` mulitkulit '' - approach that said we should be a nation where the different cultures can live apart of each other was nicly summarised with saying how it failed , because if they just coexist next to each other , this can never form a real society . 
  so , the intigration-efforts are now more into intigrating these immigrants and descendent of immigrants here , and that is quite a task after decades of missmanaged intigration policies . 
  these that are very well intigrated are the one that started from themselves to seperate from these mini-istambuls or foreign enclavs , that moved into all german neighberhoods , letting their kids go to nearly all german schools , and aim to become an academic or at least getting a good job . 
  these who did that are normally , apart of their skin-tone , not really distinguashable from germans , while the others that stayed in their self-made slumbs , stayed different . 
  well , english is the lingua franka of our time . 
  if you want to be able to go , think and speak beyond the borders of your nation , english is a necessity . 
  well , there is that little song we teach our little kids before we eat  piep piep piep  wir ham uns alle lieb  jeder esse was er kann  nur nicht seinen nebenmann it translates to  beep beep beep  we all like each other  everyone eats what he can  just not the guy next to you well , i never made it to the last line because me munching on my next man was too loud . 
  rather traditional . 
  for thanks giving it was turkey with all the usual side-dishes + red cabbage ( he added for us ) . 
  he has a caterer who is a former us chef and makes wonderful food . 
  the sweet potato mesh is wonderful . 
  and july fourth , it will be a american style bbq . 
  the same as thanks giving . 
  our institut of us law at my university invites and we come to eat and meet nice people . 
  no , we get hardly any news about the us apart of when something fucked up happens or when there are big protests . 
  but the story about the buliding project actually came in one talk show as well . 
  i only know three people personally who are fluent in latin , two of them were my latin teacher and one is a professor in roman law . 
  edit : at least these two teachers were also fluent in old-greek , as it was an optional subject we could choose in my school ( i do n't know anyone who picked it though ) . 
  edit 2 : i think i have to expend the list since i believe it is necessary to be fluent in biblicle latin to become a christian relgion teacher , so basically all my religion teachers in school know it up to be fluent . 
  hm , i do n't really know . 
  the thing is , europe was always a nation of migration , therefor it also has a mixture of european people all along . 
  there are quite a big amount of people who 's last name ends with - ski , a typical polish way of last names , and they are not considered polish . 
  therefor , it is less the kind of racial discrimination . 
  at the same time , the time the phrase `` gestern erst gestohlen , heute schon in polen '' ( stolen just yesterday , today already in poland ) is not that long ago and i would think it still has meaning for alot of people . 
  well , frist , to pinpoint the foundation of the eu is rather difficult , since it can be questioned which state of intigration was now really `` the birth of the eu '' . 
  is it the european coal and steel community founded in 1952 ? 
  or the european economic community in 1958 ? 
  or when the priorly existing communities were fusioned in 1967 to the european community ? 
  or the treaty of maastrich that changed these communities into the eu and added a few more layers of systems to this construct ? 
  it is rather difficult to really pinpoint such a `` foundation experience '' as the eu developed gradually . 
  and , as far as i know , there was no big resistance in the nations that joined , but i ca n't say that exactly since i was n't alife for the most steps of this prozess and was only a toddler for maastrich . 
  about `` racism '' , well , difficult to say . 
  the cultural intigration happens a little bit through the freedom of movement and work , so that we actually meet people from different places of the eu , either through traveling or because these other nations come to each other to work . 
  when you speak about prejudices , yes , they still exist . 
  hm , i think , as far as i see it , the idea of the multi-speed eu is quite licked here , and , germany would than be of course be in the core of the eu , as there would n't be any core-eu without france and germany . 
  do n't really know anyone who went to summer camp . 
  normally , with fmailies , the hollidays are used to travel as a family . 
  bw has also wei\u00dfwurst . 
  wei\u00dfwurst , the south have it traditionally , the north not . 
  depend on the kind of doctor and the kind of procedure . 
  when my mom broke her shoulder and shortly afterwards her leg , she got the surgery as soon as the swellings were reduced enough . 
  on the other hand , when i tried to get a surgery to make my life easier with my disability , i had to wait around half a year to get to him and than another year for the surgery . 
  that said , i got a surgery by one of the best physicians for my kind of disability in the world , he has something between 500 - 1000 surgeries a year . 
  so , of course i had to wait . 
  but after i had problems two years after the surgery , i got a date within days and when it was discovered that a part of my ankle had died off , i could have gotten a date for surgery within a week i think ( i just asked to delay it to the end of the semester ) . 
  if you want to get to a normal orthopedic , it might take you two weeks , only if you are an emergency and you have time to wait in a waiting-room for such situations , it is faster . 
  illegal : non of them . 
  they are all thoughtful comments not only there to created hatred against a group . 
  if at all , than only when they are inbedded in more inciting content , but on their own , all these comments are controversial , but legally possible . 
  socially accaptable without problem : 5 , 6 ; debatable : 2 ; highly debatable : 3 , 4 , 8 , 9 , 10 ; probably not acceptable at all : 1 , 7 ;, 
  look for yourself : http://www.xe.com/de/currencycharts/?from=eur&amp;to=usd&amp;view=1y there you can also dicide the timeframe you want looking for . 
  everthing containing asperagus . 
  i hate that stuff . 
  ehm , even if germany still has blasphemy laws in its books , people `` criticising '' islam is rather because they are criticising it in an inciting way . 
  when someone says `` islam is cancer and should be eradicated '' , supporter of this statement call it critisism , while it is ( of course depending on the context ) incitment to hatred . 
  i just wrote something about that in eli5 , so i just copy that post here  well , i say this as a german law-student , as germany uses a law the american love to call a hate-speech law . 
  while this translation of the german law is gorssly incorrect , it might give an idea how such a system can be used . 
  in germany , the law `` incitment to hatred '' is given when you create speech that is designed to promote hatred against a certain group in order to disturb public peace . 
  that basically means that you try to either use insults , harassing language , false news-reports , or anything in order to make your friends hate a certain group of people more . 
  you have also to aim to participate in creating such a hateful atmosphere that it can turn into violence . 
  as such , here , the law does not punish you for insulting minorities , you could even go to a jewish guy and tell him to his face that you would like him to burn in hell . 
  here , you are not guilty of incitment to hatred . 
  but if you , in contrast , sit at the bar with your already racist friends , drunken and start to talk with them how jews should be burned , which is , as you intended , the starting point about a conversation that becomes more and more extreme in hatred towards jews , than you committed an incitment to hatred . 
  the important thing here is that incitment to hatred is not connected to a certain idiology , but the method you used your language for . 
  you can incite hatred basically on the basis of every single idiology , as long as they try to promote hatred against another group . 
  edit : just one thing , about the insulting someone , well , there is also a law against insulting as such , but that is only really enforced if there is a big and public insult against someone . 
  this law is not depending on the person you insult , so you can just insult minorities as much as anybody else . 
  this law is theoretically violated if you call pick a raondom person from the street and calls him asshole . 
  my analysis was only about incitment to hatred .
