  however , and i hope you agree with me on this point , saying that solution a is not viable and therefore one must adopt solution b , which is the exact opposite , is at best naive . 
  it dismisses all the solutions in between , and plays exactly into the hands of elements that people in the middle ( and from what i see from your posts i include you in that ) fear a lot . 
  i tried to think of the possible solutions that does not violate the baisc law , and my words that i say is that i see any other solution is because i do n't saw and still do n't see one to handle what happend a year ago in any other way . 
  any attempt to block the way to germany or to schengen without the now help of turkey would n't have worked , the people would just either went through russia ( which most refugee tired to avoid because it is too cold ) or would have tried to break throught the greece border . 
  at that point , they would have roamed through the eu even less checked than they are now because they had no destination at all . 
  they would have lived in the underground , feeling hunted , which would be the perfect situation for is to recrout them . 
  the real refugees could n't be stoped by any means , because they run away from war and overcrowded refugee-shelters that had barely enough food for the people they left behind . 
  so , blocking is no viable solution . 
  the only way to block the borders so that people would n't try to get through is by shooting , and that is something that would be in gross violation to any western value - aka human rights - that we propagade , than we would n't be better than the third-world nation a lot of people look down upon . 
  the next solution would be a shared burden by all of europe , sharing the responsbility to take them in , check them , process them , intigrate them . 
  this would have worked if all participated . 
  this way , maybe , with a lot of effort , it would have been possible to run the checkups in a timly manner . 
  that did n't work due to the opposition of a lot of the eu nations . 
  creating `` german protected and financed '' refugee-shelters in states next to syria is extreamly difficult up to impossible out of several reasons . 
  first , money given to the states unsupervised would most likly be missused for other things , middle eastern nation are quite known for corruption . 
  so , there is no guarantee at all that the refugee shelters would be financed . 
  also , to build such safe shelters , you need enough police force , something these nation probably are not able to provide themselves . 
  on the other hand , german military or police forces traveling there to do them themselves are , from an international law perspective , highly difficult since it needs the acceptance of the host-nations . 
  these would n't like that because every western military base , which would these shelters be , would be a major target for the is . 
  also , as seen with the us , western intervention in the middle east had a lot of bad consequences , so there would be a lot of distrust by letting them in . 
  and there is no way to send military or police forces without the invitation of the host-nations since this would be an act of war . 
  at the monent , i ca n't think of any other solution that would neither violate the basic human rights ( which violation would not be possible since the constitutional court would slay this immidiatly ) nor would prevent refugees roaming these areas here even less controled than they are now . 
  the machete was the knife he used at his work to prepare the d\u00f6ner kebab , and this happend at his workplace . 
  and people that use the first weapon they can get to attack a woman that rejected him , yeah , that happens everywhere , by germans as well as by any other group of people . 
  during my time on redit , i was accused to be a righwinger as well as a leftwinger since i tend to argue against right-wing people with moderate left views and with left-wing people with moderate right views , since i believe that a realistic view of the situation needs to take both arguments into account . 
  the one thing that is not arguble for me are the human rights that are written in the first 20 articles of our constitution . 
  these are set in stone , and every sollution that does not honor them is no solution at all for me . 
  and there would be my problem with your suggestion a year ago . 
  as i already discussed in this [ thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4uhf89/german_macheteattack_was_not_an_terroristic/d5psyaq ) there was no other option , at least without putting them in inhuman camps that would be rather a islamic preachers heaven to recruit desperate people . 
  a case by case analysis a year ago is a nice theory , but practically , it was impossible , at i probably would have question your worldview alike to suggest something like that because i would assume you would be knowing the impossibility of your suggestion and only say it to stir more emotions up . 
  i do n't say that this is the reason you did it , but this would by what i take from such a sugestion a year ago . 
  but i am also on your side that people are too fastly judged for reasonable approaches or for adressing real issues , for example : i am very pro for stricter court judgments and a more swift and dealing of illegal immigrants that can be sent back ( mostly from eastern europe ) . 
  i am also for faster jail sentences for these that ca n't be sent back , but that are clearly not willing to integrate , or maybe even , as punishments , integration courses that would put you into a facility and only release you after a considerable development to integrate . 
  i also am aware that sinti and roma are more likly to commit crime , not because they have `` bad blood '' , but rather that they were , in the last hundrets of years , into a lifestyl that basically forced them to develope a culture of crime , just as the mafia-families developed their niche to survive . 
  i am aware of that , and i think it has to be adressed to make the situation better , but what ca n't be done is to create a narrative that brand everybody of a group as bad , that make them as a problem awhole , that dismisses a case-by-case solution . 
  that , i would never accept . 
  i just do n't get the argument . 
  people run away from crime and terror , fleeing a war because they do n't want to be part of it . 
  the people that are left commit hlrrible crimes , so now the peopme running away from these are seen as bad people because of what they are running away from . 
  that is quite the circlejerk-logic . 
  i am very well aware that there are problems , that in special the less educated people from outside the urban areas are more likly to do things that does not fit in this society , i am for more strict court judgments , i am for more strict policies against people that do n't want to integrate , what i am saying is that i am heavily against unfair stereotyping , but rather for a case by case view . 
  if the research of honor killing is outdated , where is your source that it changed since than ? 
  not necessarily . 
  if people like in turkey attack people to overthrow a gvernment , it is an coup d'etat . 
  this is also an attack with political motive , but not terrorism . 
  the defining part it the terror ( aka . 
  causing fear ), 
  if this is the cultur to resolve it that way , than we have this here already , since germans and europeans used knifs for attacks against other people as well . 
  i agred that , in special under uneducated parts of the society , which big parts of the immigrants are a part of , wuch crimes are more likly to happen , but to frame it as this was a islamic thing to do is just what i am against . 
  it is an islamist way , and if it is done out of religiouse reason , than it is more than just the regular criminality , but there are no indications for that . 
  give me example of these safe nations please . 
  the border-nations of syria are already overcrowded by way mor rdfugees than the one that came here . 
  the camps that were provided by the un were ( and are ) insanly underfunded , germany is one of a very few nations that pay their full part . 
  than there is turkey which safty is , at least for some minorities questionable and that , acording to several reports , acrually helped the is for a long time . 
  in addition , turkey refused to let emthem work or to give the children education . 
  to the south of syria , there are just as bad wahabist nations that would have the money to help , but that rather accept immigrants as slave-workers . 
  now go to the east , the asian nations . 
  they are for a big part poor themselves and not that known for hospitality . 
  so , middle eadt either have too much refugees already to handle or refuses to , turkey is itself also not really safe . 
  the next step is europe . 
  there , greece is on the brink of economic collaps as well , but helped way more than they could . 
  the living conditions became unbearable . 
  and about the willingness of the eastern-euro-nations to accept non-white refugees is well known . 
  so , the next step is - germany . 
  about setting up camps in other nation , in special guarded ones , would mean deploy german military to middle eastern nations , also making sure that the money send there is not missused . 
  germany is not in a position to do that without a lot of negotiations , if the nation that hosts the refugees accept something line that as all . 
  since the end of the collonial era , it became difficult to do sich things so easily . 
  sorfy for typos , write now on my mobile , something i am quite bad in, 
   which is what he did by attacking scores of innocent bystandards . 
  just calling that `` running amok '' does n't cut it . 
  you might say he did n't plan it , but its the result that counts . 
  but to be considered terror-attack , it has to be done in a terrorist intention , not just by accident . 
  that is at least according to the official definition of terror , it might not be your personal . 
  that is the core difference between amok and terror . 
  the reaons why he attacked the other , no real clue , but considering that he even run behind a police car with that thing , i doubt that he was by his mind at that moment . 
  it happens that , when people are in a state of mind of attacking someone , that they get in a kind of rage that also affect unrelated bystanders , but that does not make it an terror-attack . 
  14 years is a rather normal sentance for manslaughter in germany . 
  in the worst cases of murder , there ca n't be more than 25 years in prsion . 
  only if it is sure from a psychological point that you are still a menance for the society afterwards , you can get afterwards preventive detention for the rest of your life . 
  what he got is near the maximum of what you get for manslaughter . 
  i do n't know why they did n't decided for muder , though . 
  edit : also , giving one example and saying that it is not rare is a little bit problematic . 
  you know that `` rare '' means it happens ocassionaly ( which is still terrible ) . 
  but acting like it is something that happens regularly is something different . 
  no , terrorism is an attack to cause terror ( terror comes from the lating word for scare , fear , horror ) . 
  so , it is only an terroristic attack if the intention was to scare people . 
  what you mean is an amok-run , as the kid in munich did , with the aim to just kill as many bystanders as possible . 
  and with the `` relatinship-crime '' , is just cited the words ( by clumsily translating them ) . 
  used by the police, 
  that would not work , these people would have tried and most likly would have succeded by finding new ways . 
  the only thing that would have caused it , would have been a rising death-toll . 
  the fact that the hungarian method worked was that merkel was able to do the turkey-deal . 
  without that , there would have been more people comming to greece until the breaking point and than we would have had a real war in europe , of people that force their way into and throug the balkans . 
  see , there is the difference , i do n't deny these islamic nations , i am just as much against them as i am against the is . 
  it is just that i against prejudgment of millions of people because of that . 
  most syrians flew just because of islamic terror . 
  syira had , before the is and the civil war , seperation from church and state , a lot of people were moderate , head-scarfs were ( at least among the urban population ) not really popular . 
  not all muslims are terrorists , not all believe in beheading people , not all believe in honor killings and so on . 
  but if we start to brand all muslims as evil terrorists , we brand also people that does not deserve it , and that is what i am against . 
  and to do so , we have to differentiate with whom we are dealing in a case to case basis , and by refusing to do so , we basically do what the is wants us to do .
