  it is heavily taxxed though to make it more difficult to smoke . 
  alcohol : 16 for beer and wine , 18 for distilled , so hard , alcohol . 
  your parents can though allow you to drink alcohol in their presence , even in restaurants , before you are old enough . 
  that said , if they make the child drunk ( or do n't do their due effort to prevent it from getting drunk in their presence ) , this is battery against the child and illegal . 
  while you can get alcohol 24/7 , the seller has to make sure that the buyer is not underage . 
  thus , it would take quite alot to build a vending-maschine that checks for age ( for example by scanning the id ) , but i never have seen something like that . 
  the only maschines i saw like that are for cigaretts . 
  1 ) hate speech should n't be illegal , and it is n't . 
  hate speech is a discussion that exist in the us realm and has very little to do with inciment to hatred , which has completly different legal ideas behind it . 
  and incitment to hatred is a good law . 
  2 ) socialism does not work , it was prooved often enough . 
  social capitalism is the way to go , meaning a basic capitalist system that is more regulated than the american system . 
  innovation just not happen in a system you discribe . 
  3 ) family businesses have pro and cons , they work in some field , in others it can be devestating . 
  thus , the state should give ways to protect against monopolies , so that small businesses can grow and survive , but that 's it . 
  4 ) what is inequality ? 
  how should you difine what to do ? 
  how do you make sure that the money spent to remove it is actually well used . 
  the other things you compared this to are comparibly easy to do as they are just a few adjustments to make it work , while fighting inequality means the work of the complete system 5 ) taxes of private persons are on thing , but if you seize their property , you will probably destroy comapnies that they still have in the nation endangering the taxes of these , of their workers , and basically destroy countless jobs . 
  that is way worse than loosing the tax of the rich individual . 
  6 ) that sounds very abusable to apply this law in quite a racist way . 
  who is fitting in how much is difficult to dertemrmine , at least before they come here . 
  so , op wants socialism . 
  tbh. , the different models of socialism showed that they do n't really work . 
  social capitalism is the way to go ( even when the us wrongly calls it socialism ), 
  it gave us the wonder that is spezi , a mix of fanta with coke . 
  there are different brand-versions of it , including mezzomix from cola , but it basically all the same , coke with fanta , and it is one of the best soft-drinks out there . 
  i had to look it up , there was only one case where a party alone got more than half of the popular vote , and that was 1953 , in the second of three adenauer-chancellorships . 
  and no , adenauer was not powerless at all . 
  what we had though was problems where the leading coalition could have become powerless . 
  the last time was in the end of the schr\u00f6der-chancellorship where the spd just lost an important state-election and it was very likly that they would loose more , loosing thereby the majority in the `` bundesrat '' , the body with which the states can participate in the federal law-making . 
  that would have caused problems to pass several kinds of laws . 
  thus , schr\u00f6der asked the `` vertrauensfrage '' , which basically means question of confidence . 
  during that , he can ask the parliament if they still trust him as chancellor , and if they want to keep him . 
  he purposly demanded from his party not to vote in his favor so he could loose this question , thereby triggering new elections . 
  he hoped that , with a new campaign , he could win back voters and thus win overall . 
  well , the outcome of this new election was merkel . 
  edit : man , i was tired yesterday , mixing up bundestag and bundesrat - . - . 
  frigtingly , trump does also not drink . 
  really , you have to visiualize that : all what trump did in the last year did he sober . 
  well , part of it are phantasies of leading figures of russia to get back the territories of the old warsaw pact , meaning that poland would be in dange again . 
  and russia violated the territorial integrity of many of its neighbours over the years , but this time , they start to crawl back towards europe where the line was crossed for the eu . 
  the more fitting tzing would be collage , as it is the in between of high school and university . 
  high school is normally finished around 16 ( as far as i know ) , thus , it would better discribe the classes 5-10, 
  uff , trying to explain the german school system is quite difficult , but i try to do my best 1 : no , we do n't do that . 
  first of all , we do n't grade between a-f , but ratehr from 1-6 , while 1 + is perfect , 4 - is not passed and 6 is completly failed . 
  the grades are given out by points you got . 
  if you got all right , you will get a 1 , if you had the amount of mistakes the test deemed as failed , you failed . 
  grades between are than graduated . 
  it is very much possible for a test not having a single 1 or that all have a 1 . 
  just depends on the individual archievments . 
  ( that said , when a teacher notices that the grades are just too bad , he will demand less for a good or passing grade , but just is `` well , i ca n't let all my class have a 4 , the test was more difficult than expected '' kinda way ) 2 : here we come to a problem that i ca n't really answer . 
  what you call high school is in germany generally 3 different types of school , the `` hauptschule '' ( main school ) that is for the academically not that good students , `` realschule '' ( real school ) for the middle-class students , and the gymnasium ( no real translation ) for the one that plan to go to unversity . 
  i can speak about gymnasium as these were the school i visited personally , but that 's it . 
  we started with 10 subjects ( german , geography , history , math , biology , latin , art , musik , religion , sport ) , we got a few more over the time ( chemistry , physics , english , politics , coding ) . 
  generally , the schools i visited had classes from 8-14isch , i think we had so 5-7 classes a day , but i ca n't remember perfectly . 
  3 : advanced classes were only really a thing in gymnasium ( as far as i know ) . 
  when you finished the mandatory schooling ( so with the 10th grade ) , you were able to choose to stay in gymnasium and had to choose two advanced classes that would play a main role in the exames for your abitur , the degree necessary to get into the university . 
  here , you have to choose two and you have to keep them as all grades you get in the last two years in these subjects will be relevant for your graduation-grade . 
  4 : math is for us the general term for everything math-related , like algebra , geometry , etc. 
  than , `` erdkunde '' ( geogrpaphy ) is also rather a broad term for different fields in there . 
  but science , at least in the gymnasium , are all seperate classes . 
  5 : hm , i could choose for the 9th grade if i wanted to take old greek , coding , french or pedagogy . 
  beginning with the 11th grade , you have more freedoms though , you can drop a few classes and i also could choose , instead of music or art , to take lyrics . 
  6 : we had homeworks . 
  there are as many flavours of humans as there are of gays . 
  it is really stupid to think of them in such rather derogating categories . 
  yes , there are some of these , some of these , but there were also some jews with big noses that were greedy . 
  to try to extrapulate of some few of a group to all of them is somewhat-cist ( for jews , racist , but what is it for gays - no clue the right word , but it is just terribly stupid ), 
  uh , only in the very long run , several decades at least . 
  it may happen during my lifetime , but no clue . 
  at the moment , the eu is politically , economically and socially too diverse to fit into one nation . 
  and , honestly , i am not sure if the eu in its current shape will actually be able to make more moves into that direction or if the eu will become a system of two speeds where a central eu marches forward between themselves to have closer and closer connetions that may grow into a federal eu while the outer eu tries to use the system to grow into something that can than join the already etablished federal eu . 
  i really doubt that the current system of the eu allows too much enovation . 
  here as well , but the state has the declared durty to protect the rights of the children , even when they go against the will of the parents . 
  from the moment of birth , you are a human with rights and durties ( well , the duties will really come only when you are older , but the rights are there from the first second ) . 
  it is not upon the parents to waive rights of their children away . 
  which is a bullshit argument as this is not the question in this case . 
  but as the us political , judicial or fox-news world an idea of the concept of human dignity is not known , and that to defend a persons human dignity you even has to allow someone to die peacefully , even against the will of the parents . 
  in general , the state has the duty to protect the rights of the children , if necessary , against the parents , and that is what the state is trying to do by denying a treatment that is against human dignity . 
  uh , that can be easily missinterpreted . 
  you can say without problem `` danke '' and , depending on the body-language , you can show that you accept . 
  if you say `` danke '' with a little smile , or , if the offered is soemthing to eat , give the plate , or anything else , it means generally `` yes , please '' , while `` danke '' while shaking your head or do anything that indicades no means `` no , thank you '' . 
  so , if you want to be clear , say `` nein danke '' . 
  sorry , but it was not possible to ask the question anything broader ? 
  it is basically impossible to answer . 
  if you want to have an idea about germany and its culture , an idea would be to go to youtube where dozens of people do nothing else than share their experience with you , you can watch this for a couple of hours and maybe get a slight idea what to do . 
  a suggestion would be watching all of the chanelles `` wanted adventure '' , maybe `` rewboss '' and others that you can search for . 
  yeah , there has to be a traffic light nearby . 
  that said , i would say , as soon as it is a 4 or more lane street , it is basically never an inconvenience to go to the next traffic light as , in special in big cities , these streets are generally quite dangerouse . 
  yes , and in special if you are about to get your car-license , getting a fine for jaywalking can be viciouse as it may show that you are not ready to respect the traffic law and it can delay the time you can actually get your license . 
  also , when you are still in probation ( generally the first two years of the license ) , jaywalking can actually be an offense that can prolonge this time to 4 years - . - . 
  depend on which you ask , i went to several schools in my life . 
  my main elementary-time ( 2nd to 4th grade ) was pretty nice , my best friend was with me in my class , and i was in a little gang who spent all day together . 
  it was pretty fun and i liked the school and my teacher , in special the head-teacher . 
  the next school - gymnasium - was also very cool , dedicated teachers , quite an interesting mix of people , even when i had problmes i found help . 
  in the end - in the 10th grade , i loved to go through the halls and just meet one person after another that i knew . 
  after that i moved , and i really did n't like the next school where i just went for a year . 
  it was the complete opposit from what i knew , the teachers rather uninvested in their students , the students seemes so boring , i found a few people i could talk to , but i was glad that i went to another school for my last two years before i got my abitur ( the degree to enter university ) . 
  the last school was a very good school , but the kids there were to snobby .
