  you ca n't decide who is your customer due to the basis of gender , sexual orientation , religion , race as long as there is not a valid reason to do so ( for example , gay swingerclub does not have to serve woman ), 
  yes , you can . 
  the equality-act ( that is based on eu law and is therefor binding for all eu-nations ) say that , as soon as you open up a business , you have to sign a contract with everyone as long as there is not a valid reason to deny such ( like that the person is not solvent , that the person is known for fraud , that they were agressive in shop , etc. ), 
  bs , the basic rule says `` you ca n't discrimnate without a valid reason . '', 
  just as gay-swinger-glubs do n't have to serve woman since they have no place there , female-only-gyms have a place as well , and that is to give woman the protective space by not beeing googled over by man while doing their fitness . 
  no , as long as the uk stays in the eu , they ca n't . 
  if they do , they are not bound anymore to the equality-act of the eu . 
  freedom of contract is , just as every other extreamly broad freedom , one that can be limited the easiest . 
  as a private person , you really have full freedom of contract , but as soon as you have an open business , than you loose that right to some extend . 
   an individual should be under no obligation to be forced to serve a customer he does n't want to and the state should have no say on the matter . 
  yes , they should , or do you think people in the south of the us should n't have to serve blacks because they think blacks are dirty ? 
  or they should n't serve gays ? 
  or they should n't serve christians ? 
  as soon as you open a business , you loose your right to choose who is your customer as long as you do n't have a valid reason to deny them service . 
  these reasons can be that they are known for fraud , or that they already were agressive in your store , or that they clearly come in without any interest to buy anything , or when they come in to do anything else than mere shopping . 
  you know , we had in the past times where people decided that they did n't want to serve minorities , and that was germany with in the 1930 's , or us with blacks , or turkey with kurds . 
  you can name any kind of conflict of that kind and you will find that these measrues , not to sell stuff , is the a step on the downpath to increase the racial conflicts , not the other way around . 
  article 6 of the eu-treaty :  1 . 
  the union is founded on the principles of liberty , democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , and the rule of law , principles which are common to the member states . 
  the union shall respect fundamental rights , as guaranteed by ** the european convention for the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms ** signed in rome on 4 november 1950 and as they result from the constitutional traditions common to the member states , as general principles of community law . 
  the union shall respect the national identities of its member states . 
  the union shall provide itself with the means necessary to attain its objectives and carry through its policies . 
  the eu itself recognized the echr in its treaties , and the law that was violated here actually is a eu-based law since all equality-acts in euopre at least base in parts of an eu-directive . 
  and neither the ecmr , nor the eu-law , nor the ( at least german ) law recognized discrimination against political discrimination . 
   but gender is a social construct ? 
  no , not at all , how do you get this idea ? 
   i would imagine the `` suicide cults '' like that one that made its followers poison themselves in the us be the most protected group . 
  the importance of religion faded quite alot since the dark times in our continent history . 
  for example , the times are over where it is accepted to kill people due to religion , and suicide cults is actually a method of psychological manipulation that constitutes murder for the cult-leader . 
  so , religion is already limited in the expression , and actually , i would prefer further limiting in some cases , for example the circumcision of boys . 
  but that is another theme . 
  and i think eventually , it might fade completly , and i do n't have anything against that , i actually would hope that more people would go to the scientific explanations than the religiouse . 
  but as long as there are things we do n't know , there will be people that look for the reasoning in god , and since i doubt we will ever know what happend before the big bang , there will always be room for religion . 
  and we are in no position to doubt or question if another person believes something . 
  i am against man forcing their woman wearing these clothes since it is a violation of the right of the woman . 
  but preventing all fo them from wearing it , even these that wear it out of their free will ( and that exists ) is just tyranny . 
   would you think 60-70 years ago people that did n't want nationalistic movements were allowed to refuse service in such cases ? 
  you know that it was common that people actually denied services to jews , doing basically the exact same thing this woman did with the muslim woman ? 
  and nobody would have dared to deny nazi 's services since it would have ended in smashed windows and possibly even broken bones . 
  the sa was basically a private military police that took over controle more and more . 
  you are correct , but only partly . 
  whereas the echr does not force the person directly , it forces the state to force the person . 
  so , the echr demands the state to recognize religion and the ability of religiouse people to participate in society , and because of that , they have to provide laws that bind the ordinary citizen to abide . 
  so , yes , you are right , the echr works directly only for the state , but no , you are wrong , since the echr has indirect effects to the single person . 
  and , by the way , due to the duty of the echr , the eu itself created a law that forces states to have equality acts , and these are binding even for the single person . 
  edit : mixed up the wording in my mind - . - . 
  in german , human rights are called `` menschenrechte '' and shomehow , i had in my mind european convention on menschenrechte , despite that i now it better - . - . 
  no , because as soon as you actually work , you are not that much of a private person anymore , but rather someone who has duties to the public . 
  what she could do is give it to a colleague who can do that , but to deny service completly at this company - that is not an option . 
  the company has to provice measures that something like that does not happen . 
  bouncers are not entitled to select after religion or skin-color or similar attributes . 
  they can refuse for example drunken people to enter , or if the party has an aimed age-range they can deny it because of that , too . 
  even when there are specific styles the party is aimed for . 
  the rules is really clear `` as long as you do n't have a good reason to deny , you ca n't deny '' , and your personal preferences have no reason to deny services for a hairdresser . 
  for example , you can deny woman serivces when you are a bouncer at a gay swingerclub because there is a valid reason for that . 
   well then they maybe should reconsider living there . 
  people are n't robots , irrationality makes us who we are , nobody has to be prosecuted for feelings/emotions/ideology / religion . 
  dingdingdingdingdingdingding , we have the winner for actually showing why these laws are in place . 
  they have the right to life there , if the people surrounding them want it or not . 
  what peopler personally think is one thing , but denying them to live there due to actions like not providing them services , is another . 
  people have the right to life wherever they want ( provided that the state grants them this right either by citicenship or any other provision of free movement ) and shops has to serve them in order to actually make this theoretical right of these people a real right . 
  if we do n't do that , we only end with ghettos that exluce these people more and more , make the situation worse than it is now . 
  we had in the past enough attempts to make people leave through these measures , where it to deny blacks the use of normal bathrooms in the 50 's in the us or do n't serving jews in germany in the 1930 's . 
   i am not confusing it in any way . 
  freedom of thought is what gives birth to freedom of religion . 
  they are one and the same . 
  no , they are not . 
  freedom of religion is a special form of freedom of thought though , but that does not mean they are the same . 
  caviar and bread are the food , they are the same in that regard , but the state has to provide that bread is available for everyone since it is a basic nesessity , caviar is not . 
  freedom of though is that i can think that some girls ass is hot , freedom of religion is that i have the believe in a higher dietry or the freedom to believe that non of this is existing at all . 
   freedom of religion only applies to the government . 
  a private hair saloon is not the government . 
  a private individual does n't violate anyone 's freedom of anything if they do n't serve them . 
  a person can still be muslim if s/he does n't get a hair cut . 
  since you do n't want to accept that the duty for the state to protect the minorities also includes to set up rules for private companies , there is no use to talk to you anymore since you are so deep in your mindset that it has no use . 
  it is the most basic action a state has to do to protect their minorities that the fact that you do n't recognize it puts you in a position that i do n't think it is worth to discuss anything with you anymore . 
  but religion is recognized as something that is deeply embedded in your personality ( just look at art . 
  9 of the echr ) . 
  because of that ( and the wars that spun around that fact during the last centuries ) , there was the societle agreement of freedom of religion and exercise thereof , meaning that everyone has to honor the rights of others to do what they beliefe as long as this does not violate the other person ( for an extreme example , if someone beliefe in some kind of blood cult , he ca n't just go around cut people open ) . 
  this is due to the fact that it takes a big change in the fundamental structure of the personality to change religion . 
  because of that , there is the clear rule : ignore it , in special when you are a company , since the states actually did what they had to do in ordet to honor human rights , and that is to esablish rules for the society to work with these . 
  and that they did do with equality acts , forcing companies to ignore any kind of religion . 
  here , the principle is coexistence . 
  in contrary , political beliefe is a part of the democratic life . 
  and part of the democratice life is that politicla beliefes and expressions clash against each other , are put on opposit endings . 
  the democratic procedure demands that people have opposing beliefes and they should n't be forced to act against these one in order to further develope the democratic process . 
  that does not mean that it would take also a fundamental change in personality to step away from your political identity , but in the contrast to religion , here , the principle is even not ignore it , since ignoring would prevent any political progress . 
  yeah - no , or at least it depends . 
  if there are 1000 people living in a community , of which are 4 muslims , and there is only one shop , the shop looses nothing to deny service to muslims . 
  also , shops normally only tend to do that when there is not just the one person that thinks so , but when they have the feeling that they wo n't be hated by everyone from that point onward , so it is rather a sign of systimatical discrimination , and therefor , it is even less likly that there would be another shop to serve these people ostracized by the other shp . 
  capitalism works like that only in theory , just as communism works perfectly in theory . 
  the reality is different though, 
   by that very thing you literally just quoted , political beliefs are right up there with religion . 
  so either both are not okey or both are . 
  you mix up freedom of thought and freedom of expression . 
  freedom of thought means that i ca n't punish you for any kind of idea , no matter how stupid or racist they are . 
  what i can do is limit your expression . 
  do n't worry , most people get that wrong . 
  the freedom of expression has other limits than the freedom of thought : art . 
  10 \u00a7 2  the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary .
