  the fire department only rescues the houses that pay for them - so , now one house starts to burn that did n't pay for them , they do n't go , the fire spreads to houses that pay , the fire department extinguis the fire , but at the time several other `` non-payers '' are burning , lighting up more `` payers '' and in the end , everything is in ashes . 
  such services only work when all of them are part of it , and that is basically the idea behind a state , that some services , some structures only work if all are part of it . 
  same with police and legal structures . 
  same as well with social services . 
  if there is an opt out , the system is bound to fail . 
  and here we see a perfect example of how discussion with our reichsb\u00fcrger work , one tries to argue with the basic principles of democracy , with the concept between personal opinions and the work of a represent government - and the other are just giving the usual `` we are free ! '', 
  argument . 
  they love to do this argument here to give during court session when they failed to pay for contractual obligation and such stuff , when they suddenly discover that the will of the state does not match their will not to pay . 
  yeah - but still - berlin has basically no producing industry . 
  you can earn money if you work in tourism , media , politic or law . 
  yeah , in recent time , they try to make berlin to a start-up city , but i do n't know how much this actually pays off . 
  this comes , for big parts , from its past as divided city , where in special west-berlin was closed off . 
  only the zigarett-industry worked in berlin during the cold war because it was heavily subsidised , but that also died off as much as i know . 
  as someone who lived and still loves berlin - for a real bright futur , you may look at other places . 
  hundrets and thousand of years ? 
  until the 19th century , nations were n't really there , a region belonged to which king at that time the current owner of the land swore loyality to , our nobility was basically mixed and matched , if you follow the migration-streams through the time you will see that these national identities are more mixed than anything else . 
  if you go 1000 years back , you can take half of europe as german since it was ruled by charlemangne . 
  these national identities were a result of the time after the french revolution . 
  for germany , something like a german identity rose not before the time germany fought napoleon and the nobility used this just upcomming sentiment to unify the german armies against napoleon . 
  i made my abitur ( the university-entry-exame ) on a catholic school . 
  the only difference to the other schools i were on ( i was all in all in 5 schools due to the fact that i moved around quite alot ) was that religion was mandatory for the complete schooltime and mandatory visits to the church . 
  but outside of these religiouse classes , everything is thought the same , from biology where we only hear creationism as a joke on the side before we go to the scientific themes , to astro-physics . 
  the german christianity ca n't be compared to the us since it is more wordly ( what might be the reason that more and more people drop out ) . 
  i have n't seen much more religiouse spirit within the kids on the catholic school from other kids i met , meaning barely any religiouse spirit at all . 
  i also had discussions with a few religion teacher about the question if jesus was a married man with children or not , and most of them were open for that idea . 
  and the teacher that was n't open discussed with us the idea of soul by showing us the episode where bart simpson sold his sould to milhouse and discussed that lateron with us . 
  same with the discussion about abortion , in special longer abortion-periods for children with genetic disabilities , where i normally stand alone against the class as someone pro-choice , but it was more a discussion about morals between equals than anything else . 
  to elaborate on u/l3d00m . 
  this was a civil-case , and in civil case , the court do n't have the duty to investigate themselves , but rather accept the statements of the parties as true . 
  so , if the statements of the plaintiff is not challanged , his words stand . 
  and if the words of the plaintiff is enough to justify what is demand , than they will get what they want . 
  crosses , at least visible on the walls of schools , were banned due to a court-ruling a couple of years ago . 
  to forbid students to wear clothes needs more than that . 
  this court-ruling was probably because the necessary student-teacher-interaction is not possible due to the concealment of the face , something that happens neither with hijabs nor with crosses . 
  well , germany has traditionally religion-classes in school , they are not mandatory though . 
  so , it is your choice if you want to be faced with religion within the school-enviornment . 
  well , germany has freedom of religion , so it would be hard to create a country-wide ban . 
  it is easier to create a situation-based ban , for example in schools , office or in court ( something that was just propsed by the way ), 
  i just assume that you can reason with single people , but as soon as you have a big group , they can become hysteric pretty easily . 
  i ca n't remember who it was , but a few years ago , a politician just made a comment during a press-conference about an idea that was being discussed , leading to a plumbing in the stock-market within a minute that needed a couple of days to come back . 
  and yeah , see what happend in munich when there was a real reason to be alarmed at one place , and suddenly people all over the city heard gunshots , explosions and went in a crazy state of mind , breaking through glass and such stuff , injuring themselves , just because someone heard something . 
  yeah , god forbids , what could happen if the finally do it ? 
  well , okay , mass panick , maybe one or two or maybe even all of the stocks crashing , creating a economical breakdown due to suddenly uncertainty of an upcomming horror-scenario , maybe render diplomatic solutions for an upcomming threat useless , or so much more , and that just because there is a hint that something might go wrong . 
  yeah , it is wonderful to have a glass-state . 
  well , according to two articles i read , it was the first time germany issued this warning since 1989 . 
  roughly translate the most important paragraph  the 69 page long concept paper says that an attack against the territory of germany , which would need a conventional land-based defence , is unlikly . 
  it is nontheless necessary to adequadly prepare yourself for a prinzipally not excludable existence-threatening futur . 
  the article also discusses several possible reasons for this move of the government . 
  they discuss that they prepare for a possible attack of russia against the nato , a possible banking-crash or just a part of the new security-plan . 
  in another article , i also read that it might be in context with a further danger of cyber-attacks against central structures such as electricity or water-systems . 
  edit : it is directly stated that these rations should include water , food and money for 10 days until it can be made sure that in case of a catastrophy , the supply of food , water , energy and money can be restored . 
  only that a government becoming tyrannical will only reveal his true colors when they already have the power on the police-force and military to an extend that at that point , a citizen having a gun is basically useless . 
  and if you desing your democracy in a way that you think you have the need to arm yourself against this system , than you did something wrong . 
  http://crimeresearch.org/2015/07/new-study-over-12-8-concealed-handgun-permits-last-year-saw-by-far-the-largest-increase-ever-in-the-number-of-permits/ yeah , only 5 % have a permission , but that does not count the people carrying a gun in states that do not demand a permission to carry guns ( wich are 10 states , or 20 % of all the state ) . 
  so , still , the idea gets father and father away from this 1 % . 
  nice idea , but according to the stats , 36 % of the housholds within the us own guns . 
  so , yeah , nice idea with the 1 % prevent 3 % , but it is nothing more than an idea . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/06/29/american-gun-ownership-is-now-at-a-30-year-low/ http://www.statista.com/statistics/249740/percentage-of-households-in-the-united-states-owning-a-firearm/, 
   that stat you mention could simply be that not many people carry . 
  the permit numbers are massively inflated relative to the number that actually carry a gun with them everyday . 
  i would estimate the rate of people who actually have a gun on them to be around 1/100 . 
  that drastically changes the meaning of that 3 % statistic . 
  nope , study is from the fbi , meaning federal bureau of investigation . 
  it is a study that includes all of the usa . 
  i just googled the study they referring to in this clip : https://www.google.de/search?q=fbi+study+pete+blair&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;gfe_rd=cr&amp;ei=g2a5v4ljnmwv8wfzvpbacq, 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mci4buk4vum about properly trained , this here is a segment of the daily show ( i also linked above ) where they try to make someone that had never hold a weapon before into a good-guy with a gun . 
  among others , they interview an fbi agent who is co-author about the efficiency of guns to prevent gun-related attacks . 
  in the us , only 3 % of the successful defends of an attack with a gun was with someone using a gun . 
  specialists say that basically you are never trained enough , but that it is a life-long journy ( that no civilist really has the time to go ) . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mci4buk4vum espcially interesting beginning at 4:40 , since the first part is dealing with the insane easy wasy to get a weapon in the us , but the rest - yeah , that would be applicable here as well . 
  tl ; dr : a clip from the daily show where someone wants to become the good guy with a gun . 
  gets a gun , tries to go into a simluation of a good-guy-with-a-gun situation , gets shot because even with knowlege that something would happen , he ca n't react in time . 
  he trains more , get into a school-schooting-simulation , shoots an escaping teen twice in the chest before getting shot 20 times by gunman and a dozen time by law-enforcement that mistakes him for a gunman . 
  fbi and other law-inforcment-officers inform that only 3 % of the cases a gunman gets stopped in the us is by a good-guy-with a gun . 
  the actualy training necessary to really be a good-guy with a gun , not only in shooting-ranges , but with simulation and all that stuff is a full-time-job . 
  i agree that there has to be a solution for the waste that already exists , but that does not mean that we have to create more toxic waste . 
  the argument `` we can create more because we eventually have to find a solution for what we already have '' is not really a valid one . 
  you know that we are talking of 300.000 tonns of nuclear-waste per year for the whole world , in germany alone 17.200 tonnes per year ( at least what i found googling for that ) ? 
  there is no simple solution for such gigantic amounts of waste , and it is not like this stuff decase or anything , it will literally here when we are long gone , it probably outlives the human civilacation . 
  we ca n't know what the long-lasting effects of any kind of place would be within a billion-year-period . 
  no area is permanently secure from fire , water and earth-quakes , if we just take the most normal natural phenomenons that might occure . 
  no , solar , wind , hydro , these are the future . 
  material for nuclear power is seems vast , but that seemed the oil-resources 150 years ago as well . 
  and nuclear may not destroy our atmosphere , but it produces another kind of wast that is basically just a little bit less dangerously because it is contained on a smaller space than having global effects . 
  not a single nation could come up with any kind of safe solution for the atomic waste yet , and in the end , i doubt that there will ever be a really safe location to dump a global amount of atomic waste . 
  and if you looked what she said , she meant she would back up the solution found by the interior ministry , nothing more , nothing less . 
  yeah , but still , we have a freedom of religion , meaning that we ca n't forbid something just we feel uncomfortable about it . 
  i do n't say that a burka-ban is impossible or anything , i just want to say that it needs a good reason to ban them . 
  well , if you are regularly in cologne , you see them quite often . 
  traveling from d\u00fcsseldorf to cologne , i actually saw them sometimes on a daily basis . 
  also , in the city i live , there are a few . 
  but art . 
  4 is nothing that ca n't be restricted ( well , with the expetion of the objection of war-service , that is the only right that is 100 % immovable withint the basic law ) . 
  the question is , does they find a solution that only restricts , but not violates art . 
  that is something the interior-ministry has to work out now . 
  well , at this point , i would say she just does what is the right thing : acknowleging the issue without taking away the decissions of the office working on the subject . 
  if she would have made a statement here and now , it would have been basically impossible for the office making the political and legal !, 
  evaluation of this ( we are talking about quite a substancial intrusion into the freedom of religion here that has to be very well balanced and justified ) to come up with answers that would contradict a fast statements of hers in most cases , she is not quick in giving a definitive answer since political issues are not easily decided , and to be fair , the quickest decision normally creates the worst laws . 
  so , you mean she should be the one with all the answers instead of the one who 's job ( and who 's staff ) is actually accountable for finding the answer ? 
  yeah , she is the head of the government , but a comment without the necessary evaluation is just stupid , and such evaluation is never done by the person themselves , but with surveys and legal studies , something that the interior ministry is doing right now .
