  if you mean someone else , please say name and bank . 
  well , you are swamp germans , so sort of  . 
  so , you build up a stasi ( and nothing else is what you just discribed ) against people that mostly flee war , thereby introduce several measured ( like backdoors into os ) that could be used next against the people . 
  even more , it has to be used against eu citicens alike since there is no thing as a mobile that screams `` refugee-mobile '' on the internet . 
  they most likly get greek prepayed-mobile sims . 
  due to that , you would have to tape every single mobile in greece to see who is a refugee and who not , thereby violating the right of every greek person that you unlawfully taped ( not to mention the violation of the rights of the refugees , but it is clear that this is no argument that would work against you ) . 
  also , the costs of such a surviliance is astonoshing , you speak about a cia or , as said , stasi level of spying which is more expensive than just take these people in . 
  and it does not solve the humanitarian crisis within greece . 
  and by the way , the balkan states already have border controles and fences and the people still slip throug . 
  the thing that they are easily to follow is a current situation since it is still faster to go the known streets to get to europe . 
  but as soon as a real blockade would be established , the smuggler would start to work like on the us-mexiko border , they will learn the terrain in no time and than lead the people over unprotected areas , and that in small groups . 
  the only thing you would make is that the refugees ( and illegal immigrants which are not the same ) would go into hiding in europe , which would skyrocket the criminality ( since they ca n't dare to get states-aid ) and would increase the humanitarian misery that we already have . 
  okay , i agree with that one , and actually , merkel basically said the same thing a couple of weeks ago , that if she could go back , that she should have changed her policies in a way that she should have worked for changes in dublin very early on , that she ignored the problems of dublin for too long . 
  the problem now is that a change in the refugee-policies within europe is nearly impossible due to the hardened fronts . 
  i highly doubt he speaks about greece who had the least capability to handle such a crisis and got the biggest hit . 
  i have highest honors for greece and in special for its people how they dealt with it , how they did n't loose their humanity . 
  the problems that occured were not their fault , but a sign of overstraign of a system that could n't sustain so much preasure . 
   hooray !, 
  enjoy the day and let it be filled with day drinking and illegal fireworks !, 
  best way to celebrate a national holiday imo . 
  well , it would be cool if that would be the case , but actually , it is just a normal holliday ( we have quite a lot of these free days here ) and we wo n't do anything special despite in dresden where a few people celebrate by blowing up police cars - and something about a three day long official celebration , but nothing really to write home about . 
  most people just chill at home . 
  for all of you that want to know which song most german connect with the reunification : [ scorpions - wind of change ] ( https://youtu.be/shhu1zmrlea ), 
  he was good in knight rider - and as a child growing up in the 90 's , i only knew him as such and thought he was awesome , but that 's it . 
   stopping these people without lethal force is completely possible . 
  it is a myth that only firearms would do it . 
  tear gas , water cannons and professional riot police will do fine . 
  police uses these methods daily and there is nothing indecent in them . 
  of course verbal order to stop must be given first . 
  for single and controllable areas , yes , but greece has following borders : * ablania : 282 km * bulgaria : 494 km * mazedonia : 246 km either you deploy , aditionally to the costs of building a fence , thousands of guards to patrole these borders , or there is no way to prevent anyone from crossing these borders if they really try . 
  a fence is only as strong as the ladder above or the hammer or tonge to breach it , and when we talk about such amount of border , it is hardly possible to secure it . 
  we have seen it in the ddr where only spring guns and heavy patrole were able to defend the iron curtain , and even than people managed to get passed these borders , it was just a more life-threatening experience . 
   and border closure together with clear announcement from germany that you dont anymore want people to come to your borders but take only directly from turkish camps could very well have stopped the immigration . 
  the message that merkel did was only about the people that were already in europe , that were actually already leaving hungary . 
  no border-strengthening would have worked there . 
  and merkel made such a deal after a common solution within the eu , which would have meant to not make yourself dependend from a maniac like erdogan , failed , and so she had to swallow the bitter pill and did exactly what you said , made a deal with turkey . 
  edit : by the way , the equipment for such crowde-controle is exenisve . 
  to keep a sufficient amount of tear gas , water cannons and riot police in service to make sure that , wherever refugees pop up at this long border , money would be invested that would straign the budget quite a lot . 
  i doubt that all the maschines germany has for crowd controle could secure the border between greece and one single neighbouring nation . 
  edit 2 : looked it up , the german-german border we got rid of 26 years ago ( on the day , after all , we celebrate our unification day at the moment ) was roughly 1400 km and needed within the first three years 40.000 man to secure it and costed around 1.8 billion east-german mark . 
  just after that , the costs for this border skyrocketed to up to 6 billion a year . 
  and here , they shot with killing intend . 
  a bullet is cheaper than a non-leathal force as border controle . 
  so , this is what you do to have a ( somewhat ) secure border ( still , people made it over it ) . 
  glad to see how you manage with less to keep refugees out of border-crossing . 
  part of why this is a flawed idea is what i wrote about in another post , so i just copy it in here :  i never heard anyone saying the turkey is a good solution , and i would like to hear the quote from merkel saying that . 
  the fact is that it is at the moment the only really viable solution , even when it is a bad one . 
  the situation with stopping them in the balkan is that first , the nation where the people would be stranded is greece , a nation that is already overstraigned with their own problems . 
  the refugee camps were , and i am not sure if it become better ( due to the lack of media attention at least from what i read ) , in a horrible condition and there was no way greece could have managed to make them better . 
  due to that , the influx of refugees in greece , that would have risen further if there were n't the turkey deal , would have increased the misery even more . 
  next point is that there is only a green border between greece and the balkans , meaning that it can be breached at any point and it is rather easy to get enough manpower from the sides of the refugees to break eventually through every blockade , is it a fence or anything . 
  the only thing that would have stopped the refugees than would be shooting them down , which is not an option ( or at least for any decent human being ) . 
  the fact that it did n't happen was that the influx of migrants went down after the turkey deal . 
   the turkey deal works better out of two reasons . 
  turkey is bigger and still financially more stable ( even when this area collapses at the moment thanks to erdogan ) . 
  the situation in the refugee-camps is there not good as well , but way better than it would have ever been in greece . 
  also , the water-border between greece and turkey ( which was the way most refugees landed in europe ) is easier to patrole and to defend without killing the refugees thereby . 
  the missing of the land-to-land border ( again , there is one , but i never heard it is used by refugees ) is keeping the tension at bay and potential violent outbreaks of desperate refugees less likly . 
  lk or gk ? 
  if lk , than you had a view in a special field most people have no clue about ( and even if gk , this stuff after 10th grade is rather rare ) . 
  also , i had religion and not ethics ( was between grade 11-13 in an catholic school where this was mandatory ) . 
  i never said that this theory is not a thing and not discussed in special studies , for example polsci , but i doubt that this term would be something that could be dropped in a normal policial discussion or even policial talkshow with the feeling that you can be sure everybody around you knows what this concept means ( well , apart from what the word already implies ) . 
  and , as always , certain forms of such a theory can be found in normal political life without the knewledge of these terms . 
  i have n't had these terms or theories in school and certainly never in university ( again , law-student ) and i would n't put it on the general knowledge-list even for the better educated . 
   stopping the migrants in the balkans is wrong , while paying turkey to stop them in turkey is a totally great solution i never heard anyone saying the turkey is a good solution , and i would like to hear the quote from merkel saying that . 
  the fact is that it is at the moment the only really viable solution , even when it is a bad one . 
  the situation with stopping them in the balkan is that first , the nation where the people would be stranded is greece , a nation that is already overstraigned with their own problems . 
  the refugee camps were , and i am not sure if it become better ( due to the lack of media attention at least from what i read ) , in a horrible condition and there was no way greece could have managed to make them better . 
  due to that , the influx of refugees in greece , that would have risen further if there were n't the turkey deal , would have increased the misery even more . 
  next point is that there is only a green border between greece and the balkans , meaning that it can be breached at any point and it is rather easy to get enough manpower from the sides of the refugees to break eventually through every blockade , is it a fence or anything . 
  the only thing that would have stopped the refugees than would be shooting them down , which is not an option ( or at least for any decent human being ) . 
  the fact that it did n't happen was that the influx of migrants went down after the turkey deal . 
  the turkey deal works better out of two reasons . 
  turkey is bigger and still financially more stable ( even when this area collapses at the moment thanks to erdogan ) . 
  the situation in the refugee-camps is there not good as well , but way better than it would have ever been in greece . 
  also , the water-border between greece and turkey ( which was the way most refugees landed in europe ) is easier to patrole and to defend without killing the refugees thereby . 
  the missing of the land-to-land border ( again , there is one , but i never heard it is used by refugees ) is keeping the tension at bay and potential violent outbreaks of desperate refugees less likly . 
  or that one reporter heard of a complicated german word and thinks it is every day used , but in reality hardly any german heard of them or uses them ( like wanderlust ) . 
  i ca n't say that i consume political discussions on tv every day , but i watch a fair amount of them ( in special the phoenix presseclub ) and i think such a term that is widly discussed would n't have slipped past me so that i never even heard of it . 
  partly correct , but not really . 
  first : art . 
  the high contracting parties undertake to abide by the final judgment of the court in any case to which they are parties . 
  so , it is binding for the international law . 
  it is only partly binding by the national law though . 
  since the ecmr has , for example , in german law , only the status of a normal law , it may be overruled by more recent laws under the context of lex posteriori . 
  but there was a ruling of the constitutional court ( i only translate rather freely the [ german wikipedia ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/europ%c3%a4ische_menschenrechtskonvention#rang_im_nationalen_recht9 for that ) : but since the ecmr provides a similar protection of the basic rights , the constitutional court explained in 1987 that the laws of the federal republic of germany has to be interpreted in the light of the echr . 
  the german courts follow this decision with the consequence , that the ecmr does not have constitutional level , but is still above the law . 
  there is a difference between fear and abuse and just stick to the principles . 
  i am not saying that the uk should get any worse deal than , for example any nation of eastern europe that is not already part of the single market , but no better alike . 
  the thing is that the example of seeing the uk in the position they wanted themselves in ( outside of the single market , but without further punishment ) , that this will emphesize the good things about the eu , the strength and the way nations can propser under the single market while they fail outside . 
  and honestly , where is the threat that you loose your club-previliges by leaving the club ? 
  why should a club grant you more than anyone else when you go while flipping them the bird ? 
  a german lawstudent who is interested in politics : i never heard of either gesinnungsethik nor verantwortungsethik . 
  also , and more importantly , what she did was not an ethic of conviction at all , but rather of responsibility ( when you take the way these two concepts are discribed here as valid ) . 
  people tend to forget that it was not like europe was a guarded place before merkel , it was not a castle that had beggers in front of their gates and merkel decided to open the gate to let anyone in . 
  at the time when merkel acted , europe was already flodded with refugees and migrants alike . 
  before her speech , the borders of hungary 's refugee-camps were broken and people started to run away from there , going further to the west . 
  at that time , hungary called austria which called germany with a simple message `` they are on their way . '', 
  in that situation , merkel stepped forward and said she would take these people in , meaning thereby the masses that just broke out of hungary . 
  and to be real ( as someone who would honor the ethic of responsibility should ever be ) , she could n't have a chance to send anyone back even if she wanted .
