  and yeah , g\u00e4fgen is seriously diviouse . 
  we discussed them quite alot in university ( i study law ) and in special about the part with threatening of torture . 
  it is really not a pleasent theme . 
  three that come in my mind without a second thought are : * [ nsu-killings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_underground ) : a group of neo nazis that acted over several years and murdered at least 9 immigrants , a police woman and did 14 bank robberies * [ the canibal of rothenburg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armin_meiwes ) : two people found each other on the internet and they shared a fetish - canibalism . 
  while the dream of one was to eat another human , the dream of the other was to be eaten . 
  well , they pulled through . 
  * [ g\u00e4fgen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomas_david_lukas_olsen ) - a law student was enviouse to a friends of him who were rich and so he kidnapped their 11 year old son . 
  g\u00e4fgen murdered jakob soon afterwards and than tried to press the family for money . 
  he got the money , but acted so stupid that he was caught immidiatly . 
  in desperation , thinking the boy might be alive , but would n't survive any longer , the chief of police threatened g\u00e4fgen with torture so that g\u00e4fgen told where to find the body of the boy . 
  * [ schleyer-kidnapping and murder ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kidnapping_and_murder_of_hanns-martin_schleyer ) : martin schleyer was the president of the confederation of the german employers ' assosiation . 
  he was kidnapped by the raf in 1977 and they tried to blackmail the german government to release imprisoned raf-fighers . 
  the german government declined ( backed by the constitutional court that was called upon by schleyer 's family , saying the state has to protect the life of schleyer ) . 
  eventually , the raf killed schleyer . 
  around 50 $ . 
  that said , i rarely let my tank get more than half empty as i try to tank whenever the prises are down . 
  well , archeolagy is given here quite the importance . 
  you can see it when construction-work is halted often indefinitly if anything old was found underneath the construction-site so that the findings could be rescued before the construction work can resume . 
  a list of programs in germany can be found here : https://www.daad.de/deutschland/studienangebote/studiengang/en/?a=result&amp;q=archaeology&amp;degree=24&amp;courselanguage=&amp;locations=&amp;admissionsemester=&amp;sort=name&amp;page=1, 
  while mental health in germany is quite acknowledged and is covered by the public health-care , adhd is seen with more caution here , at least with children . 
  basically , giving drugs to kids is seen as the last possible solution and only when everything else is tried out , it is done . 
  with adults , i am not sure , if it is diagnosed by a doctor , it is accepted . 
  that said , it is most likly that it is accepted with a german doctor , because american doctors are not that much trusted when it comes to drug-prescription . 
  eh - the minimum wage in germany is 8,50 $ . 
  the liklyhood that you strike much higher wages than that without finishing a vocational training in that job is not really high . 
  only the most basic jobs that pay barely anything will be offered if you do n't have something like that , and if you manage to get a vocational training , it means even less money for 3 years until you finished this qulification . 
  clumb foots . 
  three kids . 
  i do n't know how many i really want to have , it depends heavily on the partner and the medical possibilities . 
  i am disabled and i swore myself not to hand this over to the next generation , thus i rather sterelize myself than getting kids the normal way . 
  the only feasable way is preimplantation-diagnostik , but that is expensive , so i would maybe settle for one kid if that 's the case . 
  maybe adoption is alos a possibility , than i would want to go up maybe to three . 
  ah , these falling vending maschines are annoying , not only with beer , but also with carbonated drinks . 
  i really love these new ones that pick up the drink gently and hand them to you without any real falling involved . 
  there is a difference of jus sanguinis and caring about ancestry . 
  for jus sanguines , you have a unbroken line of citicenship in your ancestry , meaning as soon as you gave it up once , we really do n't care who you are anymore . 
  my parents work with refugee 's , teaching them german . 
  i life on the other side of germany , so i did n't had the time really to be also in contact with them , but i hear sometimes about their experience . 
  they had rather mixed contact with refugees . 
  the first class they had , they were n't really interested to learn and thus , when they were the first time in an empty classroom at the start of a lesson , they broke the class up and started with a new class . 
  this one , both of them love . 
  it is difficult for them to teach german to a group that mostly do not know even english , but they manage . 
  the refugees are grateful and they regularly invite my parents over and cock for them , giving them a view into their culture . 
  these refugees became friends of my parents . 
  they also help two childre by giving them tution to intigrate better into the school , and , in special my stepfather , loves them . 
  my stepfather has a history in tutoring kids as he gives coding-classes for kids of his mensa-group ( club for highly intelligent people ) , so he enjoyes the time with the little ones alot , in special because they were raised biolingual and already know english very well , so that he can actually have conversations with them . 
  aldi and edeka . 
  they are conviniently right next to each other where i shop . 
  hm , there are two things i have in my mind . 
  art . 
  20 iv german constitution :  ( 4 ) all germans shall have the right to resist any person seeking to abolish this constitutional order , if no other remedy is available . 
  so , in basic , i agree that resistance , in the most extreme circumstances , are justified , as long as they are aimed correctly . 
  i do n't know enough of the situation in venezuela , but the situation seems already quite bad , and turkey is also the same . 
  on the other side , vandalism is not the right solution , as you wo n't be able to overthrow a government with that . 
  it takes a well organized resistance within the own nation that tries to grow behind the back of a supressive government to take it over afterwards . 
  just unorganized bunches on the streets do nothing than making everyone more miserable than they are . 
  in the us , the situation is not that bad , at least as long as the constiutional court prevents democratic abolising laws and the republican party is such a disaster that they are not able to pull through with their disgusting plans . 
  it was interesting . 
  i was just a kid at that time , 11 years old . 
  in school , we got in beforehand showcards to see how the new coins and bills would look like . 
  when the euro really came to be , it was immidiatly collecting time , try to get as many coins from the different nations as possible . 
  a friend of mine pulled it really through and got nearly all of them . 
  in the beginning , shops accepted both , euro and dm , often taking euros and giving the change in dm ( if their system was able to to the correct calculations ) . 
  i think the transitioning period was probably one or two years , but i am really not sure about that . 
  also , your bank still accepted dm and changed it . 
  today , you have to go to the central banks and they will still change old money into euros . 
  to add to that , berlin is that poor that , in an attempt to fusion the city-state of berlin and the state of brandenburg , the debts of berlin was so great that brandenburg called it off . 
  right after bremen , berlin has the highest debt per capita-ration in germany . 
  depends : do you have to pay for them or not ? 
  the public restrooms you have to pay for are generally at least tollerable , sometimes even good . 
  when i drive on the autobahn , i generally make sure not to get out to a stop that just says `` wc '' , but rather only to these that have company-names under it . 
  the normal wc 's are just disgusting , the one that has self-cleaning toilet-seats are nice . 
  i am not sure , but probably as the human dignity was not only put into the constitutiuon , but the constitutional court also ruled that prisoners are not excluded from these rights . 
  if we speak legally , than todays germany started in 1949 , as the `` new states '' officially joined the existing and continuing federal republic of germany . 
  thus , we stayed the same legal entity . 
  than when did germany start ? 
  with otto i. and the holy roman empire of german nation , even though that the area was rather loose and it was more of a union of loosly connected single kingdoms ? 
  or with the first attempt to form a united german natino with the paul 's church in the 19th century , or the real forming of the german state ? 
  if we look at our history , you can also include the tribes and `` nations '' that were in our area before our nation really came to be . 
  and in special when the question `` first who had a name '' is , than i assumed we are more talking about ancient history than more recent one , as the names of basically every important person in the last 1000 years can be found , probably even on wikipedia . 
  uh , probably a leader of a germanian tribe that was in war with rom . 
  the problem with germanic anique sotry 's is that , as far as i know , they were written on bark and they rot away over the millenia . 
  thus , we only have written history from romans that used longer-lasting methods to write on . 
  imagin in the middle of the park someone jumps at you in a fucking long cloak with a realistic looking sword because he misstook you for a fellow larp-player and wanted to ambush you . 
  these games are not only played in castles , but also in city-parks , and basically every location that fits the setting , and , depending at what you play , in special if you play in the evening , you look dangerouse as hell . 
  well , larp-players normlly inform police about what they are going to do . 
  basically during every larp-event , people will call the police , thus they should get an official permission when to use the public space to play . 
  ( well , worst thing that could happen if they do n't do it is that the police force them to disband , ending the evening earlier than hoped . 
  source : sister was larp-player . 
  eh , the `` redistibuting '' the bonus money is to work over the complete system . 
  where is the best place to put the money , which project is worth to invest to find equality , which system fails to do so , what part of life has to be equivalent , what is equivalence , these are the problematic questions . 
  just getting more money out of the system is never really the problem , but how to share it , that is the juicy part . 
  ah , a ban of lobbying is nice in principle , but also a real problem in pracitce . 
  if a state has no conatact with the industry , they will not know what problems the industry faces from a legal standpoint , thus ca n't take into account their needs when diciding about new laws . 
  this leads to a completly wrong-leading legal system that can suffocate the industry , thus destroying the very foundation the money for the social system comes from . 
  a better way would be to strengthen the social organisation that represent the `` other sides '' , from employer , consumer , eco , etc. 
  groups . 
  they have to be empowered to have the same impact as the industry , causing the politicians to take both sides into account . 
  cannabis : illegal , but quanteties for private use are usually not punished . 
  tabacco : legal at 18 , you need generally id to proove your age .
