  where did i say the allies ? 
  and where did i say it was an overnight solution ? 
  i am aware that the politics were riged with former nazi 's , but due to political and social movements within the society , the issue was tackled and over several decades , the situation became better and better . 
  but these incentives were not possible in the east since it was already not okay to even acknowledge that there were nazi 's in the first place . 
  nazi-crimes were rather hidden and not reported than publicly shunned since that would mean people would know that the nazi 's were not only a west-problem . 
  i did n't say that the allies did it that much , but rather the society . 
  the 68er movement was a part of this , but something like that existed not in the east since it was politically not accepted to acknowledge that there were nazi 's at the first place . 
  there is also the reason that the nazi-problem that was still there after the end of wwii were really tackled in the west whereas it was `` solved '' in the eastern part since the complete nazism was a `` porduct of the capitalist mindset '' and by `` making these areas socialist '' the nazi 's were `` gone '' . 
  basically , whereas nazism were publicly ostrazised and battled , the east just announced that these people were no longer among them . 
  this way , the people with these idiologies were more likly to creat their secret subcultures that preserved these notions . 
  and since basically everybody hid their true mindset from the government , they just did the same . 
  well , the west has its areas as well . 
  for example , i grew up for a couple of years in frankonia , and - well - this area is also rather on the brown side of the spectrum . 
  but , in general , the west is less right-winged than the east . 
  just that it is not in the plans anymore . 
  the money `` saved '' by the eu will have to replace the money the eu gave to people in the uk , so there will be not that much left anymore , in spcial when the uk has either to pay for entry into the single market or will get less money from taxes due to the reduced economic capacity of the uk that will follow an exit of the single market . 
  goods tariffs : you know that with total seperation to the eu , the tariffs would rather rise . 
  maybe not for goods from china , but there would n't be anything from the mainland here that would n't undergo tariffs , and for your export : it would get tarrifs comming here as well , hurting thereby the uk-exports . 
  i do n't know what you mean with tipwire forces . 
  in the end , it all boils down if the uk has a desire to stay in the single market , if yes , they can enjoy things like no tarrifs when traiding with europe or passporting rights , but has to agree as well with the basic freedoms of this single market , with includes free movement of labour . 
  the eu ca n't wave at any of the basic freedoms without endangering the bare principles this system is build upon . 
  if someone does not want to accept the complete package , than it ca n't accept any of it , and that means that non of the good things that are part of the package be given to them , including passporting . 
   brexit gives the uk a chance to avoid burdensome legislation  [ ... ]  he mechanism by which british financial firms can provide services across the european economic area needs to be addressed in the post-brexit settlement . 
  but a recent measure by the european securities and markets authority ( esma ) provides a useful blueprint . 
   esma 's passporting rules now mean that asset managers in some countries outside the eu can continue offering services to investors across europe , replacing the previous system of country-by-country authorisation . 
  yeah - i doubt that the uk can `` avoid burdensome legislation '' while at the same time get any useful passporting-rights . 
  either you submit yourself to the eu-legislation on financial services , or you loose passporting , everything else would be insane from the eu 's perspective . 
  from what i heard it is about the question if victims of the genocide can ask for reperation in front of german courts , but i do n't know if that is really true or not . 
  in cases of the recognition of the genozide , the parliament did something that is normally in the power of the exectuive , creating a statment about the political relations to other nations . 
  that is nothing the parliament is in charge of . 
  because of that , this resolution is only a political statment , the opinion of the parliament , but that does not mean that it has to be the opinion of the government as well . 
  actually , several iconic british car-brands are already owned by germans . 
  * aston martin is owned by daimler * betnley belong to vw * mini belong bmw, 
  to be honest , i have n't seen any statement of her in the past that was n't changed that way , mainly due to shortening of her statements so that the parts that make these statements reasonable were just left out . 
  but that is something you do not only witness with the english media , but you have to really look into several reports of her statements to get an idea of what she actually said . 
  actually , merkel spoke about also that these who have nor right to stay in germany has to go , which are all illegal economic migrants . 
  for the refugees my personal thoughts : noone knows how long the war in syria will go on and who will come out as the winner . 
  so , first , we have no clue how long they will stay due to the war in progress . 
  also , depending on the situation afterward , some part of the refugee 's here could have a long-lasting right to stay here as refugee 's when , for example , a winning assat decides to execute some minorities . 
  in the end , what she wanted to battle , is the fearmongering of her sisterparty in the south and of the afd , that paint the situation way worse than it actually is . 
  edit : just added a differenciation between what merkel actually said and what i wanted to add personally . 
  by rereading this here , my personal thoughts might have looked like her statement . 
  i do n't even see that as an issue of white flight , but rather to improve assimilation of migrants and citizen with migration background . 
  for example , i know a lot of german 's with turkish citicens that are very much integrated . 
  but they ( mostly ) originated from families that purposly left the turkish areas to life among the germans , wanting their children to have as much possible outside of their own subculture . 
  that incuraged assimilation . 
  also , for the germans i know , the actual fact that we lived and played with these turkish kids , that we grew up alongside with them helped us to have a more open mind . 
  and that is why i am in favor of these quotas , they break these rather closed up communities a little bit up to make intigration actually possible . 
  as long as migrants , with or without citizenship , stick only around their fellow ethnic brothers , they will never start to become a part of the cultur they are living now in , and for the `` true '' citizens of this nation , it is way easier to accept immigrants if you know and befriend them , see that they are not in general evil or dangerouse . 
  i see myself as human right fundamentalist , but that is really stupid . 
  the approach to further human rights is not by ignoring the actual problems , and the problem of subculturs that do n't assimilate into the state they decided to live in is real . 
  schools that have barely any non-migrant-background-citiznes in them is just bound to create problems . 
  therefor is such a system with a quota quite good . 
  if people that want to back up human rights would actually take a law-book about that into their hands , they would be bound to read that the human rights alowe some sorts of `` discrimination '' as long as it has a legally valid reason ( for example owner of a gay club can discriminate against femals when he wants only male employees ) . 
  to further intigration is a valid reason for restricting rights of minorities as long as it is done reasonable . 
  the problem is that the ethnis minorities tend to bundle in smal areas , taking them over . 
  that is something that has to be fought against , and such a quota is a good first step . 
  the history of human is the history of migration , and our culture as we have it today is a mixture of all cutlures that came togehter in the past and it will develop further by the new mixture that will come in the futur , we just have to do it right . 
  and that is not by creating little subcultures within our own but rather assimilate them . 
  to be honest , i am rather in favor of this solution . 
  ( might come a shock for some here since i think most people i argued with on this subredit see me rather as someone who should be outraged  ) there is no denying that in special classes that are not mixed in with `` locals '' that are preventing migrants or citicens with migration background to assimilate into the society they are living in . 
  normally , as long as there is a healthy mixture within the school or basically anywhere , the more the people without immigration background are in favor of migration and people with migration backgrounds fit better with their peers . 
  i never witnessed problems in school with people of migration-background , but i think part of that was that the mixture in class encouraged assimilation into the german background than the other way around . 
  i get the creeps when i hear kids speaking this aweful turk-german , and in special when the german kids start with it as well . 
  no , fining is one thing , forcing to sell another . 
  i thing the negatives of selling this stuff for people that did n't have anything to do with this thing outwhights the pro 's . 
  and if we talk about vw , okay , most shareholders that just wanted to use this as a secure way to hold money are out of the picuture . 
  but the precident that you put is dangerouse . 
  at the moment , the stocks of companies will go down when some scandal comes to surface that might lead to a big fine or anything so people lose some money , but it will be not that much in the beginning when nothing is prooven , given time to evaluate the situation and sell it or not . 
  but if it becomes practice that people are forced to sell if the company did something bad , it will lead to the plumbing of stocks into nothingness just by the prospect that something could happen , even when it is not prooven or anything . 
  since at the second when anything is prooven , the shares become worthless . 
  basically , you create a new market mechanism that migh destroy the value of a company at once , and the next time , people that invested in there with good intent have not time to get out . 
  i do n't think just about vw , i think about the implications for the next company . 
  if you sell vw now , it will be maybe for 40 or 50 % less , it hurts , but it is not a complete loss . 
  and you just can cling to the share and when the people involved in this affaire are gone , the shares might recover . 
  it will not be a total destruction of value by state order . 
   it 's their responsibility though . 
  every shareholder is entitled to attend a shareholders ' meeting . 
  they can vote on who should be on the board . 
  they can access a whole load of material published by vw . 
  you have no clue how these meetings work , have you ? 
  the one that decides is in general the majority shareholder . 
  you have only something to say if you have at least a veto-minority , but even than not really that much . 
  everyone who has just normal shares have nothing to say at all . 
  and fines are hurtfull , yes , but they do n't expropriate people nearly completly . 
  and with bankruptcy , well , the company have to give warnings for that , so that people can actually predict something like that normally . 
  if the company fail to disclose these informations , they are acting fraudulent . 
  but i think it has no further value to discuss this since you bascially do n't think that shareholders are worth of protection , even when they did nothing wrong . 
   they invested in a corrupt company . 
  the law is not responsible for their decision . 
  what they did n't know . 
  this is not like you go into a dubiouse shop and buy something from under the counter , vw was a respectable company that was known as actually quite the good guy in this regard . 
  this complete scandal came to light when people actually wanted to give an award to vw for their wonderful green cars and only than found out that they cheated . 
  it was also seen as a very secure investment ( actually , i would think it is still somewhat secure ) . 
  therefor banks and other monitary companies were actually forced to buy shares of such companies since they have to have a balanced protfolio between risky and secure stocks . 
  because of that , every kind of monitary companies buy such stocks just to keep themselves safe , now knowing that they are actually quite risky . 
  there is no such thing as `` well , they should know it better , fuck them '' since you might fuck quite a lot of people which only fault was that they wanted to secure some money in a safe and good company . 
   you can stipulate it . 
  you should n't need to , though . 
  if vw is profitable , a buyer would n't want to change much .
