  and this act is something worth a simple `` i am sorry , we did something wrong . 
  it was a mistake in our history '' . 
  that 's it . 
  to acknowledge is the first step to not repeat , but turkey obviously denies to learn of its own mistakes . 
  the population of armenians are estimated 2 millions in total . 
  please , notice that were the amount of people living before the genozide , not murdered during it . 
  according to estimations ( at least what i found ) , the death-toll was 1,5 millions . 
  ah , okay , i thought this was sarcastically because i never heard of these gaschambers before . 
  i would never defend such actions , but is that a reason to send a complete population on a death march that killed estimatly 1,5 million of 2 million armenians ? 
  yes , every side did war crimes in that time , actually , the idea of war-crimes were n't invented up to the end of ww2 . 
  but are the burden of guilt heavier on some sides ? 
  in my opinion , yes , and to deny that killing 3/4 of a population is a genocide is just denial . 
   edit : the more i think back , the more i might have mixed up a discussion about kurds with the armanian-discussion . 
  i think i mixed two things a little bit up , that was why i already wrote the edit , 
  the more i think about it , i could have mixed up the discussion about kurds and armanians at this point . 
  to be fair , we discussed that during the 8th or 9th grade , so a couple of years ago . 
  there is a difference between battles between two armies and the mass-murder of the civiliam population . 
  self defence by creating a death-march that kills woman and children alike can be hardly called an act of defence at all . 
  the argumentation that he had was that the armanians wanted their own nation and that this nation would have broken up the turkish empire , and because of that , they had to get rid of the armanians . 
  but i am hardly an expert either , so i ca n't say it for sure . 
  well , if we add up the money germany paid in the last decades to europe that gave it all over europe , to poland as well , as subventions without the duty to pay it back , than germany did pay and still does pay . 
  that was one part of the idea why the rest of the reperation were released from german shoulders , so that , instead to pay a finite number for a couple more years , they will pay an infinite number for a unforseeable future within the eu . 
  this way , germany will pay way more than they ever had to pay . 
  the crazy thing is that even the most western turks i met are in this genocide-dinial . 
  my best friend in school was a child of two acadamic turks , he was born and raised in germany , had both passports , did n't believe in any god , went into a fight in a pizzaria with a turkish waiter about his right to eat ham , so he was basically the most intigrated you can imagine . 
  and still , when we discussed this , he was in full denial , justifying why atat\u00fcrk had to kill them to prevent turkey from falling apart , and so on . 
  edit : the more i think back , the more i might have mixed up a discussion about kurds with the armanian-discussion . 
  edit2 : since my first edit was not clear ( according to my inbox ) , i messed up the part with atat\u00fcrk . 
  atat\u00fcrk was part of the dicussion about the kurds , not the armanians , because atat\u00fcrk was not in power at that time . 
  i am sorry about this mixing up , i had these discussions with this friend more than 10 years ago , but the point about the dinial still stands . 
  we have this discussion every few years , it is nothing recent just because of turkeys action right now . 
  basically , every anniversiary , there is this demand by the opposition to acknowledge the genocide while the leading parties do n't want to do it in order not to risk the good relations with turkey . 
  that is what happens at the moment again . 
  german law-student here . 
  despite his name u/obamas _ war_cock is correct , it has nothing to do with erdogan , it just just applying the freedoms and restrictions of the german constitution without looking at the person the insults were aimed against . 
  i love this song , and i am actually angry at b\u00f6hmermann that he tainted this perfect form of satire with the smutt he created . 
  i think he tried to overshine this song and did his poem because of that . 
  ehm , yes and no . 
  \u00a7 103 stgb will be lifted , that is the insult of an organ of a foreign state . 
  \u00a7 185 stgb still stands and will not be lifted , that is the insult against everybody . 
  the insult against everybody is basically the same law , only that \u00a7 103 is a little bit harder punished ( instead of monetary damage or up to 2 years , it is monetary damage or up to 5 years ) . 
  the insult itself stays and such an injunction would also be possible just by \u00a7 185 . 
  as far as i remember , war debts ( meaing reperations ) were forgiven , not depts from the marshall-plan . 
  well , when i remembered a documentary right , they hired goldman sachs to play with the numbers . 
  for example , they redated profits and losses in a way that the numbers looked better for a short time in which they were monitored . 
  also , nobody really knows how greece financial system works because it is mainly still paper-based . 
  computers are quite rare in offices , there are a hell lot of stories where officials had to bring their own computer and extension cables to work because they are not provided with computers and suitable programs . 
  there is no land registry or other official structures to create credible datas . 
  the main problem was that the euro , at that time ( or at least that is what i heard ) send the necessary formulars to the nations to be filled out and than sent back . 
  because there was no authority to go into a nation and to check everything themselves , they just could make a logical consistancy-check , and again , greece hired goldman sachs to fill out the documents , so that was not the problem . 
  and also , south european nations wanted greece in i think italy demanded them so that they would be part of the euro . 
  as much as i knew , everyone knew that greece was not in shape , but nobody ever knew how badly the situation really was . 
  germany rebuilt itself due to the marshall-plan ( which germany completly payed back with interests in time ) and reconstructed the destroyed infrastructure and facilities , so that not even 20 years , long before the euro was even an idea , it already had a very strong economy . 
  and it was really built from nothing because there was not much left . 
  the southern states wanted greece to be part in the eurozone ( against the clear oposition of germany by the way ) because they did n't want a majority in north-european nations inside the eurozone . 
  i do n't know how they were bullied , i just know that greece lied as hell to be part of the eu , using i think it was goldman sachs to rewrite their papers in order to qualify for the euro . 
  before getting the eu , greece was already in a thight financial situation with high rates and difficulties to get money , so when they got the euro , greece got cheap money and instead of investing into structure and economy , the politicans went into a spending-spree , creating jobs in government so that the ratio of civilian and official worker is i think around 10 times higher in greece than in germany . 
  every new election brought more monitary presents in form of social benefits with it , and no structural reforms were made . 
  according to the german wikipedia , it is a minimum of 5 daily rations . 
  to understand that , the monitary punishments are given in daily rations , which means the earnings of a day . 
  so , 30 daily rations are a month salery . 
  the minimum is 5 daily rations , the maximum of monitar damages are 360 daily rations . 
  for imprisonment , the minimal jail-time is a month . 
  and to be honest , i do n't know of any discussion about that , it is just normal that , if you do a crime , you will have to be prosecuted , and the only reason not to be prosecuted is if it against your constitutional rights , but that is something only the constiutional court can decide . 
  actually , i think rather that this idea that a judge , someone who is not elected , arrogate himself to decide if laws created by the represants of the people , the parliament , are legally binding or not . 
  if laws are outdated , it should be upon the parliament to decide if they are applicable of not . 
  of course , every court has the power to further develope the law by interpreting it , but to say on the one hand `` yes , he is guilty by that law '' and on the other hand `` but i decide upon myself that the law should n't be applicable '' is , in my view , a violation of the seperation of state that is against any idea of a rechtsstaat . 
  no , if there is a guilty-verdict , there will be a punishment . 
  the range of punishment is decided by the law . 
  the range of punishment for each criminal act is written in the criminal code . 
  imprisonment is the most sever intrusion of your citicen-rights so only a law written by the parliament can decide the punishment-range the judge will get . 
  for example , for slander , the punishment can be prison up to 2 years or monitary damage ( which means - moniatry damage because , if you know the german courts , you have to do a shitton of stuff to get a high verdict , and basically never during the first 5 trials ) . 
  on the contrast , for manslaugther , you can no less than 5 years in prsion . 
  for theft , it is up to 5 years in prison or monitary damages . 
  so , the judge has to look into the law , have to determine the range of punishment that is allowed by the law and has to determine how much punishment he will give . 
  if they want to be nice , they might give him a month sallery as punishment . 
  i doubt they can give less , but the exact details about the determination of the punishment is something i will learn after the university, 
  i study law , i will have my criminal exame next thursday , i can tell you , no , there is no legal way to just say `` do do n't want to punish '' . 
  there were a few cases that the courts made up a new excuse for certain cases like the one you can read in another comment :  for example , there is the legal development within the constiutional court of an out-of-law act of necessaty in cases of an abduction of a plain that allows figher pilots to take down a plain , even when it is against the written law . 
  this way , if this ever happens , there will be no guilty-verdict at all or the case where they changed the verdict from murder to manslaugtherer despite that legally , the woman would have been a murderer , but it was seen as unjust , but they were all resolved by changing the interpretation of the law , so that no guilt-verdict was ever spoken out . 
  and that is only possible in the most extreme cases ( for example the domestic tyrant - case in which an abusive husband threatned that , when his son would come back tomorrow , he would kill him , and the mother killed the man because of that in the sleep . 
  legally a murder , but it was graded down to manslaugther . 
  another case , the turkish-uncle-case , where the turkish uncle praised himself that he raped the wife of his nephew in front of his nephew and the nephew got a gun and killed him by shooting in the back , again , legally murder , but the interpretation was changed to manslaughter ) . 
  but , they are very rare cases , and in the case of b\u00f6hmermann , such a verdict will not be done by the courts , because it is question of constitutional level so that the constitutional court will have to decide upon the interpretation of the law . 
   liken the crying refugee girl ? 
  merkel just does nothing until she knows what way the wind is blowing have you heard the real discussion ? 
  well , i have , and she did n't said she had to go or anything , she did n't said anything about her case . 
  she just stated why sometimes refugees have to go and what she wants to do to prevent situations like her to happen again , where someone will stay in germany for many years in the uncertainty of a undeclared status . 
  there was nothing she said about that the girl has to leave , only why if her own case-worker deicdes that she has to . 
   both hitler and communists used violence and suppression , like many of the leftist blocs . 
  nothing against that , stalin and hitler were the same kind of person , just with a different idiologal excuse for their crimes . 
  left and right extremists are both in the wrong . 
   trump was employing women in management positions 36 years ago so he should know better than to say what he says . 
  you can employ woman and still be a sexist . 
   he opposes illegal immigration , much like merkel refusing to take back asylum seekers from denmark . 
  i ca n't remember merkel saying anything that all refugee-seekers were rapists and criminals ( oh yeas `` some are nice people '' ) . 
   merkel said you can not spread facts that are not flattering via facebook , even if they are true you ca n't commit the crime `` incitment of masses '' and the comments i saw up to now that were deleted were not facts , but `` facts '' given out by racists group that did n't hold up a factcheck more than an rt-aricle . 
  and you seem not to get it that an opinion do n't have to base on facts , because it is fact enough that it is your opinion . 
  you do n't have to back up opinion with facts . 
  hitler is an opinion because it is not only a name , but in the general understanding a concept .
