  this would be a giant restriction on freedom of service . 
  some similar attempt to create such a list was rulled illegal when germany tried to create a national registration for insurance companies . 
   2 ) try to return everyone . 
  3 ) intern those who will not return . 
  we try to return everyone we can . 
  that is what this article is litterally about , that we want nigeria to take their people back . 
  we are not in the colonial age where we just can rule that people shall go there and supress the african nation that they take them . 
  we need international agreements to do so , and these agreements are bought with states-aid , but we have to negotiate how much we give them and what they do in return . 
  do you also have hundred of subconstractors that come all over europe ? 
  if you see a lot of construction-sights , big parts of these have a hell lot of eastern european , in special polish - companies that work there ( using the eu freedom of service ) . 
  even when there would be the possibilities to have such a database for germans , it would take a eu-wide regulation and central database to really effective prevent illegal working-situations . 
  and we ca n't even agree upon an eu-wide database for criminals - . - . 
  yeah , nice idea , first , that would be a big violation of informational security that would be a violation of constituional right of informational sovereignity of each person . 
  where you work is something the state has to know for taxes and other issues and that you are free to tell everyone who wants to know it , but to create such a public database would probably violate their right to not speak about their place of employment . 
  also , for that , you would have to ask every single person you meet in a company that you assume might be illegal for their name , than go online to check . 
  not very feasable that people would do that . 
  in special that , when such a system is in place , all foreing workers would learn two or three names that are registered in such a system and would all claim to be called like that . 
  people that hire illegal workers are quite inovative when it comes to tricking the system . 
  not possible without an international agreement that allows us to do so . 
  just sending ships to board foreign land without their consent is , depending on the ship , either a act of war ( military ship ) or a violation of the right of the seas ( normal ship ) . 
  greece is already short from collapsing and the ecmr already ruled that greece ca n't offer shelters that are in accordance with human rights and international law . 
  it is just impossible . 
  to many refugees for a too small and poor nation that is also known for not being able to organize effictivly . 
  macedonia , serbia , hungary and czechia are not willing to take anyone in but actually want to funnel the people through to germany . 
  hungary tried to contain them , but they broke free and the situation there were for some times that inhumane as well that the dublin could n't be used . 
  austria is rich , but small , and for times , they took per capita more people in than germany , so it is jsut that they sent people to germany as well . 
  but basically your comment just shows that how this is a european problem , these nation , at least partly , are member of the union , and we could actually do it a lot better and easier if we would share the burden . 
  germany , as the strongest nation , would still take the majority , but it would be easier to handle if we would share that responsibility . 
  and thereby stop all the reports that are comming in at the moment . 
  the thing is , you ca n't see if someone is legally or illegaly working at a place just by looking at them , or hearing . 
  we have a lot of legal international workers here , in special since the freedom of movement . 
  so , you only have a supicion that there might be illegal workes . 
  if you now face a fine if your report is false , you will not do it because the risk is just to high that they are all legally here . 
  so , basically , with the fine-solution you would not only negate the reward but would actually create less reports than we have today . 
  than what is the solution ? 
  again , let them drown ? 
  that is the solution of a coward !, 
  it needed two world wars for us to realize the necessity of basic human rights , and now we should stop them because we are the superior continent , that should impose its will about life and death on other 's ? 
  that has nothing to do with strength , but is the actions of cowards and whimps that take the easy route . 
  what we do is using our economical power during negotiations with the african nation to make them take refugees back , we offer more states aid and so on , and during the last year , several agreements were finally formed to do so . 
  but if you think an intnernational treaty-negotiation ( and nothing else is that ) will work when a european nation comes into africa , put his dick out and slamm it on the table `` now everyone hear what i have to say because i am europe ! '', 
  than you really have no clue . 
  in special after the colonialization and the devestation it did to africa , there is nothing that africans hate more than this attitude you just showed , and it is most likly that they starve their own people to death so that they come more to europe just out of spite than anything else . 
  we have to dicuss with them and that takes time or we will never solve this problem . 
  because international law gives a fuck about who is stronger , it takes into account the current facts and situation . 
  fact 1 : they are either here or , when they are still on a boat , in international waters that belong to the zone were we have to rescue people that are in distress of the sea . 
  fact 2 : when they are here , we ca n't just shove them back , the colonial age is over for quite a while so that we ca n't impose our will just through our stregth . 
  fact 3 : there are negotiations with these nations to take their illegal immigrants back ( just as merkel did in this article ) , but as in general with these negotiations , they take time and needs at least some concessions from our side , like aid that we pay . 
  we do n't try to get them into the eu , but when they come on their own we have to find a way to deal with them until we can get them back . 
  but on international waters - by people trying to come to europe . 
  and maybe you have n't noticed , but in international law , there is the duty of each state to rescue people from international waters . 
  also , the eu has agreed to something like the human rights . 
  there are several duties in international law that requires us to act , as states that are at the coast of the meditaranian , and as eu all together . 
  well , there is a reason why we germans never want to be ruled again by austrians  . 
  just looked it up , the punishment for hiring and maintaining illegal work like you propose is up to 50.000 $ , so this threat is already there . 
  in certain cases , punishment up to 300.000 $ or even jailtime is also possible . 
  and guess what : it still exists - always - everywhere . 
  people do it because they believe they will not be caught . 
  also , there is a problem with such a reward-system , and that is that people will start to wildly guess and will report every single company that works in a field that has a high probability to hire such illegal workes , companies that are already target of random police-searchings for illegal work . 
  because of that , such rewards can be highly problematic . 
  edit : and when you do n't believe that such wild accusations are not a threat , look what happens in germany with our ip-law where specialist scamming law-firms try to sue everybody they can get any claim that they violated copy-right restrictions . 
  that is already insane and a hugh problem here , and with such a reward as you propose , that would skyrocket in no time . 
  it is a european problem when it happens right at our coasts . 
  you know that underground economies are underground because they work outside of the legal spectrum . 
  it is not like people get a license to do so . 
  the mere fact that they exists is due to these people going undercover and hide from the government , either directly when they enter the eu or at some point until they are sent back . 
  there is no enabling underground economies , more that it is rather difficult to smoke them all out without mass survalience that would even suprass the us-system ( even they , despite of the work of the cia , have these underground economies ) . 
  and i would like to see the source that asia has no problems with undergound econmies , at least the states that have enough money for any illegal immigrant to try to get there . 
  also , we have something that is called human rights , these are fundamental in all of europe , and that is an archievement that should n't be thrown away due to pure actionism . 
  i agree that we should process the people faster and sent illegal immigrants more promptly back , but that is not that easy as it sounds . 
   hey are already required to take their citizens back . 
  they are basically required , but legally not always obliged . 
  only a few take them actually back , but a lot of them deny the transport of anyone back . 
  the report you are referring to are about illegal immigrants that should been transportet back to one of the few nations we have international agreements that oblige them to tke them back . 
  a lot of these are actually illegal immigrants from eastern europe , not even from afriaca or any arabian or asian nation . 
  and how to stop them ? 
  let them all drown in the meditaranian ? 
  we already have thousands of deaths each year and it does not stop the illegal immigrants to come here . 
  and as soon as these people are in international waters , we ca n't just ship them back since it would be a violation of the see-rights of the african states and it would be an act of war to just invade their areas , so we can only sent them there if we have an international agreement , which is not feasable since the nations not even want to take their own people back , not to talk about the people of other nationalities . 
  and also , there is still the geneva-convention that demand from us to check if there are real refugees which have a right to be cared for . 
  so it is not that easily to say `` there should n't be ever illegal immigrant '' . 
  the thing you forgot to consider is that the situation was already extreamly bad when merkel made her announcement ( which was translated only that partly that it changed its meaning to a full blown invitation ) . 
  at the time merkel made this speech , there were already hundret of thousand refugees in europe , they broke the borders of hungary and were on the way to austria and germany , there was no way to stopping them . 
  the only thing that was announced was that dublin would be stopped so they would n't be send back to hungary at once , not that we invited the whole world or all of arabia . 
  the people that were already here were here before merkel announced it , and than there were a lot of misinformation among the syrians ( alot even thought we would send ships to take them here and we would provide everyone with a home and work ! ), 
  so that the people started to roll even faster than they already came . 
  so , the situation was changed due to merkel and how was talked about her speech , but we were all already in the middle of the crisis and it would have been better if all would have worked together to this european problem . 
  no , that is just wrong . 
  you might point to the thing that they should stay in the neighbour-nations next to syria , but there is a big problem : they are not safe , at least not considering the amoung of refugees that flee the war . 
  neither of the next nations have the capacity to take them in , and the unhcr has not enough money to fund any of these shelters properly . 
  that has the result that the people that run away from places that are either not able , nor willing , to provide a treatment in accordance with the refugee convention stays a refugee , and they will not become an economic migrant . 
  and if you are honest with yourself , you will not find a nation that is capable or willing to take these amounts of refugees in ( turkey is now very well paid to stop them from comming here , but i doubt that they would keep them in if the eu would n't pay , and there are still thousands of reguees comming over turkey that are not send back due to the concerns that turkey violates the right of the refugees ) . 
  that is actually quite consistant to her previouse actions . 
  she never wanted economic migrants comming here , she only wanted to manage the incoming hords of real refugees from war zones . 
  the thing was only that people that really came only for economic reasons tagged along and the masses made it impossible to really process their application fast enough . 
  it takes quite a while to sort the real refugees out and send the rest back . 
   physical law stating that brexit how about the lisabon treaty that prevent single-market access only if the nation accepts the four freedoms , and since uk is not willing ( think about the red line comments ) to do this , there is other option than a hard brexit . 
  some of the reports hints for me that he did n't do it out of islamistic idealism , but rather out of pure greed . 
  he was promised 10.000 $ when he commit that attack ( at least that was what he told the three guys that reportet him . 
  alledgedly he offered them a share of the money if they let him go ),
