  furthermore , for the other insurances , germany lost the case and it was found that they violated the freedom of service . 
  furthermore it states that the requirnment of authorisation can be done in accordance with the treaty , but only if there are differences within the authorisation-system between the nations that makes it necessary for the state to force these foreign insurances in their own system . 
  meaning that , as long as the other nations have a similar standard in authorisation , such laws are deemed as a breach of the threaty ( which was the case here ) . 
  so , since there is a equivalent consumer protection in the different eu-nation due to authorisation in every nation on a similar system , all insurance companies can work in evey eu-natino , and that without establiment and authorisation . 
  edit : so , the court ruling was the complete opposit of what you said . 
  agreed , the phrasing in the source of the uk government was very missleading , since it could be read that they agreed with germany , whereas they did n't do that , they just outline a possibility that , in areas with no harmonised safty-standards for consumer protection , such a law would be permittable . 
  so , a little hint , when you say with certainty that the court said something , look at least at the first page of the actual ruling , this way , you might really know what the court said . 
  please , give me any proove of your claims . 
  the freedom of service exists , and it allows the uk to sell insurances without any subsidiary here just as it is allowed the opposit . 
  i have this source that shows that insurances are included in the freedom of service :  the '' solvency ii '' directive lays down the conditions and the procedure for the granting of the authorisation for the taking-up of insurance or of reinsurance activities as well as for any refusal . 
  it brings about such harmonisation as is necessary and sufficient to achieve the mutual recognition of authorisations and supervisory systems , and ** thus insurance and reinsurance undertakings authorised in their home member states are allowed to pursue , throughout the union , any or all of their activities by establishing branches or by providing services . 
  **  [ ... ]  this system is designed to ensure the free movement of insurance products within the european union and give european citizens the opportunity to take out insurance with any insurer established in a member state , thus finding the coverage best suited to their needs at the lowest cost , while enjoying an adequate level of protection . 
  http://www.europedia.moussis.eu/books/book_2/3/6/06/?all=1 now give me your counter-source to show how it is prohibited . 
  as far as i read it , i could set up a company without any connection to the uk and sell a car insurance to the uk . 
  i just have to set the legal framework ( of the insurance ) up in a way that it applies to the uk-law . 
  but that is rather natural as long as we do n't have not only a single market , but a single justice system as well . 
  but the possiblity to sell an insurance from a company based here without a subsidiary in the uk , that is thanks to the single market . 
  googled it and found that it is possible for a company within the union to offer insurances in all other union-nations , these insurances just have to abbide the local law where they offer , just as the german goods have to abbide uk-law ( if they are not already harmonized by the eu ) and polish workers have to abbide the uk labour-law . 
  some nations ( norway , iceland , switzerland and liechtenstein ) have acces to the single market by efta , but they have to accept all european freedoms ( including freedom of movement ) . 
  the other have only free trade agreements that does not constitute a full acess to the single market . 
  to be honest , at that time , i was a little bit too young to really get the complete picture , in special since in germany there was never a referendum , but when i have the history of the eu-constitution in mind , the first attempted version was more extensive than the lisabon-treaty , and the things that were actually rejected by both france and the dutch was changed when the new treaty , the lisbon treaty , came into place . 
  therefor , i would n't really say that it was very undemocratic when they changed and renegotiated the treaty before giving it again to the people , just because you reject one proposal does not mean that you have to reject all . 
  and what is most important for me , and why i defend these , is , that , by softening these rules up , we would basically destroy the eu . 
  we have quite a lot of nations that would like to limit the free movement of workers , the dutch for example , but i would see such ideas to become big in germany and other nations alike when the option opens up . 
  by making these freedoms optional , we would encourage nations to leave the union and thereby destroy the european project , something i believe in and hope that it will survive for a long time . 
  first of all , the lisabon-treaty is the very foundation of the eu , something like the constitution without being a constitution ( since nobody wanted to have something called an eu constitution ) . 
  within this treaty , the single market is included , as well as the demand that you have to honor the four basic freedoms within it . 
  any step away from that would breach the eu-law on a fundamental level . 
  the only way to change that would be a change of this treaty which would take an agreement with all eu-nations , including several referendi in nations that demand such for the change of these treaties . 
  now i go a little bit deep in my memories of eu-law , so i might be a little bit off , i heard the leture maybe 3 years ago and was not that attentive since i did n't had to write an exame there . 
  the idea of the single market is that all values that belong to the market should be able to move in it . 
  there are four basic freedoms for that , the free movement of persons , of service , of goods and of capital . 
  all these four freedoms are values that define a market , these are all what a market can offer . 
  so , by becoming one big single market , any restrictions of these would create barriers that would prevent a real unified system . 
  if just one part is restricted , it would mean that nations that are especially strong in this area would have problems to offer these things to the eu , preventing a development of these lesser developed nations . 
  this way , the nations that are strong in the free areas could flood these markets with their unrestricted goods and they would n't have a chance to participate on the free market with their strength . 
  the thing is , the law is now written that way with this concept in mind , and there is no way to change that in the near future . 
  so , these basic treaties stand now and prevent any kind of previlges that come hand in hand with the singel market without accepting the rest . 
  but i think this broadening of the meaning socialist is something we should fight against . 
  in the us it is used to paint basically every social reform in a bad light since there , the differenciation between socialist and social capitalist are neither discussed nor publically known . 
  the word socialist has a bad tast to it that right-wingers love to use since the real socialist systems we had ( at least on paper ) , meaning the former udssr and its sattelite-states , were failures . 
  but these nations have very little to do with the social capitalism we live in europe . 
  considering that most pegida-sister-demonstration all over germany stopped after a while due to the fact that the counter demonstration were regularly bigger , often several times , it is easy to assume that the pegida-movement is not bagged enough to be give the chant `` wir sind das volk '' any real value . 
  i was n't born at that day ( i was born the day after , directly into the party ) and , if you know anything about germany , than that this will not be forgotten that easily . 
  not only is it remembered in schools at every 9th of november ( we literally had , at least beginning from the 6th grade , some teacher telling us about the historical significants of the 9th of november ) , but also because it had an extreme impact , the unification was one of the most important moments of the german history . 
  whenever you think about the division of germany that last more than 40 years , you will remember the unification as well . 
  man , it is really sad how the once important chant `` wir sind das volk '' became such a farce . 
  it once was a chant of the will of the people to be free of the supressive regime of the gdr , a scream of unity , and now , it is nothing more than a part of the right-wing scheme . 
  there is the problem that there are so many applications that they ca n't be processed fast enough . 
  there are still aplications in process from the heigth of the crisis , so there is no possibility to give any real numbers of that . 
   something like an european financial service would have to be established that makes sure for what these bonds are used . 
  because of that i wrote this :  something like an european financial service would have to be established that makes sure for what these bonds are used . 
  i do n't know which nations you mean that would benefit more from leaving . 
  the liklyhood for the uk to get real problems when leaving the eu , in special when they ca n't secure access to the single market , is really high . 
  the uk benefited a lot of being among the most regularly nice nations for companies to settle within the eu , but the liklyhood that they might loose big parts of complete industries , in special eu-subsidies of non-eu-companies , is really high . 
  the farmer industry is in the uk in order to get their stuff licensed in the eu , the car-manufacturer relay of eu-imports for necessary parts ( for which they would now have to pay duty for ) as well as they have to pay duties to deliver stuff back in the eu , creating a competitive disadvantage . 
  estimations ( okay , they differ widly ) say that the uk might loose up to 1/5 of their banking-market . 
  i doubt that any of the nations would be still in here if they do n't think that they benefit from the eu . 
  i think the problem is for what the high defecit is used . 
  i would be in favor for higher deficits as long as the state can proove for what thes used it - aka investments in infastructure and building up the economy . 
  and this proove should not only be that something was put into infrastructure , as it happend with the `` hotel and holiday apartment-building '' that never were used by tourists , but only by the family of the builder , in greece or the eu-subsidies for not-existing olive treese ( also greece ) , but only if there is a concrete plan how the investment would contribute the state 's econcomie . 
  but not for tax-relieves or more social benefits or higher state-employment-benefits . 
  these letter things should be done by the own power of the state . 
  but creating incentives for companies to come to the nation , that is something a higher defecit should be allowed for . 
  that 's okay . 
  i just get annoyed when i read so many straw man argumentation as the `` i do n't want some suppressed woman in my company '' when the fact that the woman works would actually be a possibility of liberation for really supressed woman ( look at the story i posted above as woman used minimum-wage jobs to actually emanzipate themselves from their abusive husbands ) . 
  i , personally , also prefer the `` faith should be kept at home '' - policy and personally think it is pretty annyoing if the faith is carried in front of you for everybody to see . 
  but that is only my personal opinion . 
  but at the end , i believe strong in the human rights and in the freedom of religion , so , when you want to wear some religiouse symbol , do it , just do n't try to convince me that your religion is the best . 
  does that also apply for someone who wears a cross-necklace openly ? 
  just curiouse if you really mean church / work or muslim faith / work . 
  it is still tradition to add a photo of yourself in the application for a job , often printed on your personal data sheet . 
  but that said , on the briefings i attended to improve the job-interview skills , it is said to stop doing so and that companies should stop demanding that . 
  do n't you mean `` us/rest of the world '' relations . 
  i do n't know any nation 's leader despite putin that feels any kind of love for this maniac . 
  i also think that there will be eventually a transfer union , but not in the near future . 
  not after examples like in greece where the cheap money they got before the crisis ( and for greece , to loan money suddenly became way cheaper than before entering ) was n't used for structural reforms or was used to create any real value within the nation , but rather to make election-presents in from of an overloaded goverment . 
  when the best paying jobs are with the government and running a company is looked down upon , than the society has a problem . 
  therefor , in order to archieve eurobonds , something like an european financial service would have to be established that makes sure for what these bonds are used . 
  but that would come in hand with a transfer of souvaranity to the eu which would than really establish the foundation of the united states of europe rather than the union we have at the moment . 
  and thereby preventing them from getting out of this system by working ? 
  very well done , congratulation . 
  a cousin of my mom ( for whom she works ) owns a facility-managment-company and they have quite a lot of turkish woman there . 
  these woman are , in a matter of fact , really prime examples of supressed woman , they even fake some of their paychecks so that their husband do n't find out that his wife is sending money to her ill mother . 
  but what happend when they worked there ? 
  first , they work there for a time , than they get a license . 
  they convince their man to let them have the license so they can earn more money as a driver . 
  than they drive . 
  during the driving part , these woman educate each other about german divorse law and how they can kick their man out . 
  it happens regularly that the job of these woman empowerd them enough to leave their man . 
  some of these woman worked in this company for a decade , funding the university-studies for their daugthers . 
  so , if this would really about the woman , than you would give her the job . 
  if not , stop using this argument . 
  so , i looked the case up , the muslim lost the case : http://juris.bundesarbeitsgericht.de/cgi-bin/rechtsprechung/document.py?gericht=bag&amp;art=pm&amp;nr=14999 again , a plaintiff can say a lot , but eventually , he lost since the court said that he was wrong . 
  i do this as someone who has grown up with turks , who studied with them and know them in everyday life . 
  there are differences . 
  and , there are enough verses that say that we should kill every woman doing adultery , same as with gays . 
  there are very strict rules of interpretation in the bible that you either follow and commit thereby a crime ( in our modern society ) or neglect as `` not part of my modern interpretation '' . 
  or give me a way to interpret these religiouse laws : http://biblebabble.curbjaw.com/laws.htm and if your ex is one of these who are rather strict , than she is an example of the people that interpret that more literal . 
  but do n't apply that for every muslim in the world since that is just not the truth .
