  how it will work with facebook and other social media sites is something different , as there is a big problem about the interpretation of the law , and here , it is really difficult to find a real solution . 
  these comments have to be deleted if they are in violation of the law , but how to force facebook and co to do so is another question . 
  i am a law-student who has to read the cases in order to pass my exames , and in special the case of the incitment of hatred is a must-have for every student as it is one of the most defining elements of the freedom of opinion and the freedom of expression . 
  if you want the opinion of a affluent judge on this , just read the wunsiedel-decision , as i used the basics of determination what is possible to do and not to do from this constitutional court decision . 
  nobody defines what hatespeech is as hate-speech is something unkown to german law . 
  what exist is incitment to hatred , which is a not-content based restriction of usage of ideas . 
  what incitment is defined the courts , and , as far as i heard it , this law also took over the definions of the court . 
  the important part is that going against any idology as such ( apart of gloryfing nazi 's ) is completly forbidden as it would be a violation of the freedom of opinion and expression . 
  only certain ways to use any idea are prohibited , naimly to use them in an inciting way . 
  you can still have and voice any idea you like , as long as you do n't do it with the clear intend to incite hatred . 
  first : these laws against incitment to hatred exist in west germany since 1959 , so it has nothing to do with any east-german influences , in special since the old east is more right-winged as the west . 
  the differences between what happend in the gdr and the current situation ( also in contrast to china or other opressive regimes ) is between content-based criminalization and usage-based . 
  content based criminalization is a violation of the rights of freedom of opinion and freedom of expression . 
  this restriction exists in germany only in one single circumstance , and that is glorification of nazi 's , and the constitutional court made it pretty clear that this is only accaptable as the german constitution was created to counter everything nazi and as such , the ( historical ) nazi 's and their acts are not protected by it . 
  this is an argument that ca n't be repeatet for anything else ( including neo-nazi 's , as long as they do n't try to gorify the ns-regime , but the rest of their content is not forbidden ) . 
  a usage-based criminalization creates objective criteria how any content , no matter against whom it is aimed , can become incitment to hatred . 
  this is not to ban certain ideas , but only to use them in an inciting way . 
  as an analogy , you can own baseball bats , but you ca n't use it to hit someone on the head with it . 
  so , when you want to use any idea with the clear aim not to participate in a discussion , but solely to incite , to create a sentiment of hatred that can swing up into hatred , than it is incitment . 
  here , the objective criteria is the intent of the speaking person to abuse his right to speech to incite . 
  she changed her opinion rather often in the past , but generally on matters where 1 : the pubilc opinion changed drastically and she had to do it to reflect the majority opinion or 2 : where factors outside made it the best thing to do . 
  also , i have never seen her changing her opinion on something twice , but when her opinion was changed she rather sticks with it . 
  what you discribe is rather gabriel , who ca n't have the same opinion for 5 minutes . 
  i agree . 
  he participated in an illegal and democracy-damaging way and than argued not to clear everything up because of his `` word of honor '' . 
  i am sorry , but accepting this money was an act of dishonor , and thus , protecting these who did it by the name of honor is a pharse . 
  but it is not good to talk bad about the dead , i just wanted to argue that merkel had no choice and did the only thing right for the party and for germany as a whole since a politician in that situation is impossible to keep inside the active political life . 
  secret bank accounts do not work like that . 
  they are either over hidden companies that handle the money or they are in the swiss . 
  also , in the 90 's , stuff like that was easier to do than today . 
  interesting as well is another fact i learned in a talk-show recently . 
  helmut kohl `` wrote '' a book just rather recently where he attacked merkel drasticlly . 
  in that talk-show , a close friend of kohl told about his health in the recent years , that he was for at least three years barely able to speak , and that he was never able to write a book or even answer enough questions to make someone else write a book in his name . 
  he said during this talk-show `` i would really like to know who was the ghostwriter for that book '' . 
  it is most likly that his wife hired someone who was more in her line of thoughts . 
  hiding party donations in the millions . 
  and when it was found out , he did n't disclosed from whom these donations came . 
  edit : the english wiki-article : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cdu_donations_scandal, 
  well , to be honest , he threw himself under the bus and merkel did the only sensible thing to do . 
  i honor kohl for his contributions , but during that scandal , he put himself above the law and violated democratic principles . 
  well , it depends on the argumentation . 
  for example , if they say that they need time to settle important transition-regluations , than they could create a delay . 
  the problem is that a change with this magnitude is not done by just changing the marriage-section to `` marriage is between a man and a wonman '' to `` marriage is between two people '' , but also how to impliment the laws of the civil union to the marriage . 
  i do n't really know if this specific law works like that , but it is a possibility : if the law for adoption the spouse of a partner works against \u00a7 xxx for civil partners and \u00a7 yyy for marriage , than just declaring all civil partners to marriage-parter would mean that already started procedures after xxx could be stopped because they are not part of a civil union anymore , and they would have to start anew with yyy , the correct procedure for them now . 
  i just made this example as to show how difficult such a `` small '' change can be and how important it is to determine all parts of this before making it into law . 
  basically , every law where civil unions are mentioned have to be checked what the consequences for the partners would be if they were delcared married partner , and negative effects have to be avoided . 
  it is just enough if the union says that they need a few more days to make sure no law was missed and we are in the parlamentarian summer break . 
  edit : the thing that was requested was also just a hearing , not a vote yet . 
  the law normally has to go through several hearings . 
  well , studies say that over 80 % of germans are in favor of it , and all parties that could form a coalition with the cdu/csu made this a top-demand . 
  so , basically , merkel falls in line with the rest of the parliament . 
   mp are bound by law follow their conscience , so theoretically they already should do whatever they want legal theory and reality is something different . 
  and by the way , the existance of `` fraktionszwang '' was actually acknowledged by the bverfg , as the fraktion is a necessity for a working parliament in order to get stuff done . 
  it does not force the single mp to vote according to it , but the sanctions the fraktion can put on an mp are legal . 
  as such , it is a big deal to lift this since generally , all mp 's act according to it , even when they have no strong emotions about the case or even are slightly against it . 
  and , merkel could have easily said `` well , elections are soon and we have at the moment in our coalitition-treaty that we do not vote about opening marriage to homosexuals . 
  i am aware that spd , fdp and the greens made this to a necessaty for a new coalition , and i think that is their good right to do so , but that is a question for the coalition-discussions after the election . '', 
  that would be a typical merkel-answer . 
  as far as i understood it , it was for big parts about the timing , not the question if at all . 
  they just did n't want it priorly to the election , and i can understand that staregically really well . 
  with the call for such a vote that would clearly allow the marriage to be opened to the same sex ( while right-wing cdu-politicans still could rambling about it ) , they can present themselves as moderatly pro gay , while the actual vote did n't happen to show exactly which cdu-mp voted in favor and against it . 
  so , all in all , it would help the cdu if the vote would be after the election . 
  at least here : okay , a fridge is a bad example , but take a camera . 
  the eu has legal warranties that , apart from kitchen-gear , are generally used . 
  also , i buy alot on the internet , and i always get one of three or four different delievery-systems . 
  so , when i look at the cheapest , i do n't have to take it , but it is important to know the base-line to understand what it costs to use the other services . 
  if you see instead 140 % as the `` baseline '' for the cheapest version of the product , with bad delivery system and no warranties , you are willing to pay 200 % of the cheapest price . 
  if you would know that the cheapest price is 100 % instead , you would maybe only go to 150 % for these services you like . 
  so , all in all , you have a very high interest to know the cheapest version of the good in order to evaluate the other offers . 
  if you look for a precice object , than no . 
  if you google `` siemens iq300 kg36vvl32 '' than you want a specific fridge , from a specific brand . 
  than , only the results for this specific object will be shown . 
  here , the best offer is the cheapest , and putting it on page 4 is manipulative . 
  for a shooping site : if the same product cotst 10 % less , it is the better result since most customers want cheaper goods . 
  and at least part of the complaint was that exactly this , google shopping , a part of google 's services , pushed the cheaper results that would n't give google as much revenue down the line so that most people would n't see it . 
  google has a search-function for products so hat all shops showing this product will be displayed . 
  it is shown that people normally click only on the first maybe two or three results , because they think that , because google is majorly a search engine , they will get the best and cheapest results there . 
  what they get instead are links to sites that pay google if the sale is finished . 
  the actually best results are rather on page 4 , which , as studies prooven , barely anyone ever clicks . 
  this is , for a monopolist , illegal to do . 
  well , yes they do . 
  one major complaint is that in their shop-searching system , they will put 75 % of search result on the top page for who 's links they will get hard cash if a sales happen while the actually cheapest result is not before page 4 . 
  this is okay for a site that is small , but for the most used search-engine in the world , that is an anti-trust-question . 
  also , it hurts the consumer who uses google thinking it will actually give them a cheap result . 
  i am on my phone , so not at the moment . 
  but i can look them up when i am home . 
  the problem is rather dublin , not the refugee convention . 
  according to dublin , the complete asylum-process has to happen in the nation that the refugee enters the eu for the first time , meaning greece . 
  here , we have the problem that greece was overwhelmed by the numbers of refugees so that they were no longer able to provide a human-rights according treatment to them . 
  this problem is not new , and the ecmr already ruled several times that no nation can deport under dublin as long as the nation deporting to is under such conditions . 
  i think belgium was forced to keep a refugee they wanted to deport to greece , but the ehrc denied that . 
  so , we have already established that the ecmr provides that deportation under eublin only can happen not only to a safe nation , but also to a nation that is capable to provide a human-rights according treatment . 
  even when this was not the original ruling of the ecmr , this reasoning can be easily transfered to the refugee convention , there was just never a case in front of this court requesting that . 
  this is changing though , as , if i remember correctly , several refugees want to sue atainst germany for being only secondary protected . 
  schulz has not that much of a chance to get voted for it before the election . 
  they have only a week really left to vote for something , and , even when it is a `` gewissensentscheidung '' , it will not be passed without discussions about the transitional agreement how the laws of the civil union are transitioned into marriage . 
  i am really sure merkel said it with a method in mind how to block the vote until the election . 
  well , she had to act to prevent lawsuits in front of the ehrc , which gremany would have lost without a doubt , there were just too many rulings that said that dublin ca n't be enforced in a situation as we were in . 
  also , she wanted to prevent a ruling of the ehrc that demands us to take the refugees as fully accepted refugees instead of the semi-protected we have now . 
  and , in the situation back than ( and somewhat still ) , we have a situation in which the ehrc ruled in the past that dublin is illegal .
