  he became angry when someone calling him a slureword for foreigners , screaming `` i am german ! '' . 
  yeah , you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  yeah , but the way he spoke on the rooftop suggests that it was rather the fact that he wanted to be considered as a german and that racial insults were triggering him . 
  so it is not that likly that is is a shia and sunni problem . 
  it is known that he aimed in special at teens ( only one dead was over 20 ) , so it is pretty clear that he did n't shoot at random . 
  but i have n't heard that he especially aimed at turks . 
  watched several channels at the same time yesterday until 1 am ( german time ) , consulted internet , nerver heard of it . 
  at the moment , everything that comes out seems to falisfy this statement , but there might come new information . 
  but in the end , i would doubt one eye-witness reporting to cnn in contrast to all the other news that seems to point into a different direction . 
  yes , but only if you are dominating the market by far . 
  same was with microsoft , where they were forced to open up their systems for outside developers . 
  same principle , as soon as you are too big , you have to open yourself up to competitors so that a fair market can be established . 
  at the moment , just because basically nobody goes to search enginges despite google , google can dominate all conditions without anyone preventing abuse . 
  in these cases , not the people using the search-engine get abusive conditions of using their site , but sites that want to promote their own companies . 
  these people have basically no other place to go since every competitor of google is basically non-existent . 
  no , please , i really hope for more secular and anti-erdogan turks here , it is annoying to get only the idiots . 
  they did after he said `` go out !, 
  '' , after he let the muaizin call out that they should go . 
  as a responsible leader , he should have followed the stance of the other parties , saying they should stay where it is safe . 
  they would probably inprison people that are proovable part of big demogogy and that collaborated with the is ( as proovable the turkish government did for quite some while ) . 
  so , yes , the government elite would be imprisoned , but not the generic voter . 
  i think , if they would have gunned the people down , they would have destroyed their argument that they are the defender of democracy and secularism and any attempt to pacify the people after that would be rather rutile . 
  the fact is that erdogan used his followers as human shields , and that just shows what kind of person he is . 
  that is factually wrong in soo many layers . 
  no refugee got german citicenship , and it is not feasable if they do n't live here for maybe a decade . 
  after that , it might be possible . 
  and your comment about the german national football-team shows your stupidity , all of the german players ( with the execption of podolski ) was born and raised in germany , have german nationals as parents . 
  yes , naturalization is also possible for people with arabic or african descent , and that is good so , because i want them to be nationals more than racists that think that the color of the skin should people deny nationality . 
   that was always the problem . 
  freedom of movement never excluded foreign criminals and non europeans that other european countries gave citizenship to . 
  let 's not even go in to benefits immigrants . 
  that was never a problem because , outside of right-wing daydreams , this does not happen . 
  the big amount of people of african decendents in france are a result of the colognial history , just as in the uk . 
  in germany , the big turkish minority are because of the labour-programm from the 70 's where germany needed labour and got them out of turkey , where they came in officially , lived here for decades ( legally and wanted ! ), 
  and than became german nationals by normal legal means . 
  edit : i have to correct myself slighty . 
  if i remember correctly , malta is selling citicenship to russian oligarchs , which fit the discription of criminals , but i doubt that these are the one you had in mind . 
  and please , give me any ( official ) statistic that shows that european rapists and murderer are of any significants . 
  i bet you wanted to say muslim , since you elaborated ( so wrongly ) that they are european citicenships , but again , that is not true . 
   whilst that is somewhat true , it 's also fair to say that the uk view of wanting a trading bloc rather than a political union is n't just because of misinformation and murdoch . 
  there are some very real different outlooks based significantly on some quite different histories . 
  but the uk agreed upon that . 
  the political union was formed by an agreement all memberstates agreed upon , the uk as well . 
  it was never the case that the uk was forced or bullied into it , or taken against their will , they took part of it happily in order to blame all their political bad-things on the union . 
   the uk is n't suggesting access to all the benefits of the eu without paying , its suggesting bilateral trade which would be access to the single market , without the benefits of being part of it ( and without the negatives too . . )  for membership yes , for access . 
  for membership yes , for access , also yes . 
   the uk likely wo n't accept free movement ( but i 'd be willing to bet it agrees something accessible and sensible with the eu ) , it wo n't accept eu law outside of those regulations that apply to people trading in to the single market ( and then only as it applies to those exports ) , and it wo n't be paying for access either . 
  the uk will be looking for a trade deal , something closer to the kind of relationship the eu has with other major economies outside of the eu/eea . 
  which will be not be an access to the single market , since that is only availabe in combination with free movement and participation-fees , and that without exeptions . 
  all the phantasies that it will work without these are really illusions . 
  i agree , the eu and the uk has different ideas of the eu , but to be fair , the uk-idea is extreamly tainted by murdock and his papers , the ignorance and miss-information about the eu is in the uk stronger than in a lot of other nations due to decades long missinformation . 
  but , if the uk does not want to be in the club because they do n't like it , than they are out , and that includes the single market , because the single market is basically the all-inclusive-menue for a nation . 
  if you do n't want to be part , than get the menue and pay for every item on the list , like everybody else does . 
  if the all-inclusive is given out `` for free '' to non-members , why should members conider to stay ? 
  the single market is bound to three main demands : free movement , accepting most of eu-law , paying the fee that even non-members of the eu have to pay to be part of the single market . 
  everything else is negotiable , not that . 
   first : here in sweden , we have received 300,000 refugees who have happily walked across the whole of europe even though according to all eu and un regulations they should be registered at the first country of entrance . 
  eu countries have been turning a blind eye , and since there are no border controls there is no traceability within the eu . 
  hence sweden reinstated some level of border controls . 
  that happend because the dublin-system failed , the `` invitation '' of merkel , told to the refugees in the ukrine was said after they basically just started to walk because the situation there became unbearable , same as in greece . 
  the system completly broke down and has to be revised . 
  but that has nothing to do with freedom of movement , that the uk wants to get rid of , that aims against polish people and other nationalities of eastern europe . 
  what you discuss could be seen as a problem of schengen , a treaty the uk is not part of . 
  second : uk has more opt-outs than just the monetary benefit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opt-outs_in_the_european_union . 
  also , the uk , just as france and germany , has a strong position inside of the eu , so that nearly no policy can be made without the agreement of these three nations , and the uk is known for not giving in to anything . 
  for example , the change of the banking law after the last big crash ? 
  blocked by uk and ireland . 
  there are a hell lot of cases where the uk got their way because of the agreement `` or we are out '' , and that has to stop . 
  first of all , refugees are not a concern of freedom of movement since this freedom only applies to eu-citizens , so not to any kind of refugees comming here . 
  second : the uk already had , from all eu-memberstates , the most concessions , there is no part of the deal where they did n't had any concessions already , and they continued to be a pain in the ass , demanding all the time more and more , even about central parts like free momvent where no negotiation is possible without damaging the core rules of the union . 
  also , there were several consessions made for the uk ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-35622105 ), 
  but there will be no access without the free movement because , indeed , a lot of nations does not see it as benefit , but rather as cost . 
  and in this case , it is not about the actual situation , but rather about the individual perception . 
  and in the end , the eu is not a buffet were you take what you want and leave the rest behind , either you are in the package of the single market , and that includes the free movement , or you are out , nothing in between . 
  everything else is simply impossible or the exit-movements all over europe would rise and the union would be a thing of the past . 
  you understand that we are in an european subreddit ? 
  the war on christmas is a genuin american problem , you will not find this discussion on this side of the pond . 
  it is a problem emerging out of a complete atthesist constitution in combination with overreligiouse communities living under this constitution . 
  in europe , at least in general , the constitutions are not that fundamental athist while the citizens lack these fundamental christian groups , so no war on christmas here . 
   quiet environment please , if you go to berlin , do n't go to the hipster-parts , go to zehlendorf and similar places as well . 
  make a trip to the grunewald . 
  god damn , you have no clue about how berlin really is . 
  i lived for 7 years in zehlendorf , in the middle of a climatic health area . 
  berlin has hugh areas of forests . 
  the thing is , what you are looking for in berlin , you will find it . 
  if you want the hish-speed cheap and fun life , go in the more central parts , if you want the more quite and peaceful nature-realted life-style , there are your districts as well . 
  well , we have a tool for that as well . 
  the state-consumer agency 's are allowed to file lawsutis for missconduct of companies . 
  the same is with enviromental agencies , they have a special right to file law-suits against companies that pollute . 
  this right was purposly given to such agencies since they will not to gain money but rather for their public purpose , thereby not engaging in these rediciouluse cash-grabbing lawsuits . 
  there is a difference between recourse of a company that has ripped you off and ambulant chasers that try to squeeze out of every situation as much money as possible . 
  in a lot of these class actions , the only people that gain anything out of it are the lawyers , not the consumers . 
  in cases of vw , yes , such a class action is reasonable , but when lawyers gather hundrets of people for damage in the one or two digits , just to sue the company , take nasty fees , so that the consumer get maybe less than 20 $ out of it , that is just useless . 
  is is basically the kind of sueing-culture that the americans make fun of themselves and that we do n't want here . 
  but this was something that happend out of a decision to prevent these out-of-controle amounts of lawsuits . 
  there is a big industry in the us just to create class actions for every single problem not a single person would even think of the sue , but if a lawyer calls you , you might decide to do so . 
  did you ever browse the internet and thought how anybody could file such a lawsuit in the us ? 
  well , the case-action is one big reason for unreasonable lawsuits . 
  well , that is something the state has to determine with fines that will be payed to the state , not the single persons . 
  the idea of these punative damages is to add to the measurable damages an amount of money that the court can basically pull out of the head just to hurt the company more , and that will be awarded to the people that bought a car .
