  pollution is not a harm for the single person that purchased the car , the damages he will face is higher tax-rates , repairs and modification of the car , decrease of value . 
  and here , vw will only have the obligation to pay for these damages directly to the buyer . 
  because the court-system in the us and in the eu works in different ways . 
  for example , at least in germany , class actions are not possible ( meaning every person would have to sue seperatly ) , also , punitive damages are not part of the legal framwork ( only the real damage can be given , not something on top just for punishment ) . 
  such payments ca n't be expected under european law . 
  thanks , changed that . 
  according to an eu-law and international-law expert , most nation will not start negotiating with the uk until the eu-uk-deal is reached . 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustypbked8y ), 
  well , at least reddit said it . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustypbked8y ) was on the frontpage of r/europe for several days . 
  according to this international-law expert , it will take probably 10 years after the end of art. 50 procedure for an uk-eu-deal , and most other nations in the world will not start negotiations until this one is reached . 
  well , the negotiation in these two years are also about such things . 
  maybe they will make a temporal agreement that they can stay where they are until a further trade-agreement was created . 
  as [ this professor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustypbked8y ) analysed , the complete two years are soly for the distenglement . 
  a new trade-deal with the eu would probably take another 10 years , additionally to that , most other nations will wait for the end of the eu-uk-negotiations until they even start their own . 
  in addition to what was already said . 
  it is acutally the situation that every reknown actor has his personal voice that is only set for him . 
  these voices are so extreamly connected to the different persons that they are like a part of them . 
  this way it becomes even more normal to see the actors dubbed . 
  it is just sometimes strange when older films of actors surface before they had their personal voice or of voice-actors before they started to work for a special actor . 
  well , it has certainly its upsides . 
  there are a few movies that got a lot of backlash in the original version due to the bad performance of some actors , of bland delivery of lines etc. 
  i was actually able to like some of these movies than because we have top-level voiceactors that are able to bring the lines with a lot of heart and sould , making of a bland performance a good one . 
  hey , because i watched the last airbender , i only started to watch the tv-show avatar . 
  this also makes the star wars prequels better . 
  the fact is that globalization is happening . 
  there is no possibility to turn back the time to the good old days without it . 
  not with the ability to fly all over the world within hours , not with shipping costs so low , not with internet and the free flow of information . 
  the `` working class '' could n't vote about globalization because it would have happend with or without their approval . 
  the uk joind the eu because of the necessety , because the uk was falling further and further behind to the rest of europe , so they joined the eu . 
  but i doubt that you have any open ear to hear any reason , but you will still believe that , if the uk never entered the eu , it would be now a glory of a state , leading the world , instead of probably still be the sick man of europe . 
  not understanding that the economic success you currently have is due to the membership of the eu , not despite , that the uk working class will now really be beaten down like never before . 
  you will not believe it until it happens , and than , in your oppionion , it is the eu that pushed you down the kliff . 
  to emphesis u/timaeger 's point , the euro was the condition made in special by france as condition to allow germany the reunification , in the idea that the german economic powerhouse would basically pay for the complete union , what , as a matter of fact , is quite true . 
  and the other nations gained a lot because of the stability germany gave to them . 
  that nations like greece ( and others ) abused this stability and the cheap and easy loans it produced in order to create an overbloan official sector and basically burning the money too fast , that is not the fault of germany . 
  i put the importance at both . 
  i think it is a necessity to change all these rules , to tie the finanical market again more to the real market , to stop these insange gambling , in special to stop the international food-markets that basically starve people to death , i am in favor of everything like that . 
  the thing is that it normally need someone to light this explosive barrel , and normally it is done by mistake with a hugh amount of stupidity , but this time , it was like a run with the olympic flame to , with cheering applause , to light the fuse . 
  now we can just hope that there were enough preperations in place to prevent the big catastrophy , but to create such a risk without any necessaty , without a real idea what comes next , without real arguments why to do so ( that would n't taken back the day after you light it ) , that is something i am against , and i do n't see how not to see blame there as well . 
  the problem was that several nations , among them uk and irland in the eu and us on a global scale , blocked every attempt to change the baning-rules in order to protect their finance-industry . 
  i also think that the rules should be changed , but without international cooperation , this is impossible . 
  but , the uk has something to do , because they are the trigger . 
  as much as it is the bankers fault for creating the real estate bubble , as much as it was prior to the creater of the internet bubble . 
  yes , the economies around the world have their flaws , but it takes such a massive hit like these bubbles or the brexit to start the domino-effect to take everything down . 
  without the brexit , the next bubble would have probably have waited longer ( and lets face it , there will never be a system without bubbles ) , but the economies might have had more time to stablize themselves until than . 
  i am aware of the definition of sovereignity , or i would have quite a lot of problems as a law student that spend 3/4 of a year in a library of international law to work on an international law-project . 
  and a nation can give some competences away without loosing their sovereignity , the single fact that the uk is able at any given moment to take every competence back ( for example by envoking art . 
  50 ) is the ultimate proove that they are the sovereign , even when they do not invoce it . 
  and if you think otherwise , than , please leave the un , nato , leave all international law courts , stop all your international relationships , build a wall around your nation and play north kora for a while , because that is the only way to gain sovereignity in your definition . 
  every single treaty is about binding your decision-making , giving something up to gain something . 
  that is not a question about sovereignity , it is just the narrative that the leavers had . 
  and you seem to have no clue about how the eu really works . 
  yes , the incentive to create a law is made by the commission , that is [ all ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_legislative_procedure#ordinary_legislative_procedure ) . 
  the concrete contend ca n't be passed without an agreement of both , parliament and council , which can change the content if they want to . 
  yes , it is a different procedure in the way that the parliament has not an incentive to create a new law , but the reason for that is that the member-states should decide about new laws , again including the idea that the representatives of the sovereing nations should be the one that give a part of their power over to the eu in this very special field the law is about . 
  the problem is that there was no single real argument that could be brought forward that could n't be argumented away with enough knowledge of the field . 
  you spoke about the claim about souvereignity . 
  the uk was and always will be a sorvereign nation , that this is about sovereignity was one of the major lies of the leave-campaign . 
  eu-laws are not passed by some unelected bureaucrats , but rather by representetives of all memberstates that propse a law , give it to the parliament to discuss the law , give it to the nation to refine it further and than pass it . 
  in all steps are elected members of the memberstates involved or elected members of the eu-parliament and hardly any law is passed in the eu without the consensus of all memberstates . 
  the fact allone that you said it is a question about souvereignity prooves the point that they have no clue . 
  again , if you decide to do a decision based on a false factual basis , when you did n't informed yourself enough to neglect the facts by stating that the experts have no clue or just want to save their jobs or anything ( and i discussed this theme before the brexit and that was the only arguments i heard against every actual fact ) , than you have to live with the consequences to be told exactly that . 
  there were a lot of demands to change the banking-laws in the eu , at least i know that basically everyone you could talk to about this in germany , they all were in favor , because the banks fucked up . 
  the problem was : it did n't get through the eu ( in big parts because the major blocking nation were ireland and the uk because that would have hurt their banking-industries ) . 
  still , several rules were changed . 
  i also think that this gambler are bad , i think that the way the financial industry all over the world changed , that it seperated itself from the real markets and became its own power , that the taxes are in favor of gamblers , all that , i am against that as well and voice it when it is exactly about that , no matter if it is in europe or in germany . 
  i agree that more has to be done , something i hope might be possible either after a brexit or now , when the brexit could be avoided , with a weakend uk-stanpoint , and i also think that there should happen more against bankers as such , but i was n't on reddit or similar social media when that happened so i could n't give my opinion like that . 
  but now i am , and , in contrast to the last crisis , where nobody really knew what would or could happen , here , all major forcasts said exatcly this , that the brexit is like running in an open knife , thinkint that the kinfe is just an illusion placed by fearmongerers . 
  there is a different between denying that they do their own vote and not liking them for doing so . 
  denying your democratic decision means to put an army together , march into london , put every leave-voter into jail and make you into district 1 in order to wait for further seperation-movements until we can collect enough territories for the hunger-games . 
  not liking your democratic decision means to do this , to criticise your decision , to point out how much this was fucked up . 
  you can democratically decide to do an insane move , but do n't expect the rest of the world standing on the streets cheering for you . 
  making a decision means you have to bear the consequences , and when you decide to flip the bird to the eu and put a gun against your own head , than you also have to live with the reaction comming back . 
  to whine now that you do n't like the consequences of your voting is just as insane as thinking because you voted for a campaing that said you can stay in the single market and at the same time can get rid of every obligation that the eu-leaders have now the duty to offer you this exact deal . 
  edit : typo edit 2 : i rememberd the wording of the first post wrong , so i made it more fit to op by changing not accepting into denying, 
  i heard so much about the irish referendum that i now read a little bit about it and this makes your argument just the more stupid . 
  yes , there were two refferendi , but after the loose of the first one , the irish government spoke with the eu about the concerns people had and got several relevant warranties concerning the treaties , taking away big concerns about the lissabon treaty . 
  but for people that have just `` i am against that , no matter what they offer '' in their mind , that is not enough , but for the majority of people , it was . 
  just because two refferendi have the same headline means that they have the same content , and you basically prooved the point why people think that leave-voters are dangerously half-informed . 
  it is rather hard to by sympathetic considering that , with the decision to leave , they gave a big hit to the world economy , not only the english one , in a way that nobody knows if the downpath of the worldeconomy could lead to a new 2008 , just this time with exhausted reserves all over the place . 
  and for what ? 
  to see how basically every single of the main arguments are already taken back by the leave-campaing ( something that should have been clear for months because the promises were so mindboggling stupid ) ? 
  or how in every instant the political leader of the leave-campaing boast out with new ideas how to circumvent art . 
  50 that just prooves that they did n't even consult a eu - or international lawyer ? 
  i think it is not that fair to call every leave-voter racist , but that they fall for obviouse lies and missinformation , that they forgot that they joined the eu in the first place because their economy was falling further and further behind so that the necessity of a membership was strong enough to make the uk enter the eu , that they are ignorant to see that the current strength of the uk is due to their membership , not despite . 
  all that and more is the reason why people are angry . 
  edit : switched a few periods and question-marks since they got switched while writing the text, 
  probably french . 
  as far as i heard it , german is already rather left on the side in brussels , with stories where people could ask questions in the offical european langauges during press-conference , only the germans are asked to speak english . 
  not really !, 
  i do n't want to learn french . 
  it is highly unlikly that the other will learn german since it is already on the loosing end of the official european languages , and the original lingua franca would be choosen otherwise :(, 
  and we trust a news-site controled by the current polish government that is widly seen as rather fashist exactly why ? 
  a news agency that was the reason for an international outcry when the current polish government basically annexed it ? 
  because they proove the words of objectivly lying leave-campaigners ( and if you say they did n't lie , see how much they already took back the day after the referendum ) ? 
  no problems :d . 
  to be honest , i got my english grade in school for the attempts to formulate an english sentence rather than for succeeding in it :d . 
  my teacher was just to nice to let me fail when he saw the honest efforts i made . 
  i got way better in writing and speaking after that , but sometimes i still make rather dumb mistakes  .
