  that depends on state-law . 
  i went into school in three different states and at least in one ( i forgot where ) the rule was that the grades of the first semester are not counted for the grades in the endreport next summer . 
  basically , after winter break , there was a reset of your grate-system . 
  i googled the school statutory orders of nrw and could n't find any exemption of sport . 
  but school-law is state-law , so there might be other rules in other states . 
  i had that in berlin , which was n't catholic since the 30-year-war . 
  yeah , but we had these different requirments already before the 7th grade , so they were there already able to differentiate between boys and girls in grading , even when it was a mixed class . 
  we had the first swimming lessons in 2nd or 3rd grade , i ca n't really remember , but there , we learned how to swim , we were told every movment , it was watched if we did it right and we were corrected until we were all able to get at least the `` seepferdchen '' , a badge that reprisents basically that you are able to keep yourself up the water . 
  i think we also got so much schooling that we could get the `` freischwimmer '' which meant that you were able to really swim . 
  i also took swimming-classes in 12th and 13th grade , and there , the changing-room had two seperate cabines everyone used to strip totally nude , dry fastly off and than get out in order not to annoy the other 's too much . 
  there , we were also thought the different swimming technics . 
  our teacher did n't get in the water though , but he corrected us still . 
  if you look into the us , a hell lot of parents are not happy about sex ed as well , and strong republican states have only sex-ed about how to say no to sex before marriage :d ( james oliver on that : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0jqz6jqqs0&amp;t=1058s ), 
  because swimming is a basic skill that easily can safe lifes . 
  i could imagine that it was their attempt to overrule the judgement from a few years ago that already told muslim parents that their girl has to tollerate the sight of nearly-nude boys during swimming lesson and that this is not an excuse for her not to participate , and that the burkini is still a valid method to honor their religiouse freedom . 
  so these new parents tried to attack the `` burkini is good enough '' decision . 
  the thing is that the wrongful-life discussion exists in germany as well , and here , it was decided that a fetus has no personhood . 
  the only circumstance where it is different is in legacy-law where an already conceived fetus can be considered a heir ( but it has to wait until it is born to be really the legal heir ) . 
  yeah - because normally nobody fails it since even the attempt to participate is rewarded with a 4 ( as i can tell since i got regularly `` at least he did his best '' - grade . 
  have to add here that i have a foot-disability , so it was more diffiult for me . ) . 
  to get anything worse than that , you have to activly deny to participate , as this girl did . 
  but , at least as far as i know , there is no special rule in place to give pe less wight than the other grades . 
  berlin has seperated classes as well . 
  well , we had gender-seperated sports classes beginning from 7th grade . 
  the boy 's of our class had sport together with the boy 's of a parallel class and the girls as well . 
  i think the argumentation was that the boy 's could be distraced doing sports when girls run and certain things bounce too much :d ( and no , it had nothing to do with moslems , we only had one turkish kid in class and he loved ham-pizza :d ), 
  this decision has nothing to do with the refugees , as this article make it seems . 
  this is a legal fight that goes on for quite a while now , and there was a similar decision just a few years ago as well . 
   as long as it does not violate the rights of others . 
  law is about basic human rights clashing against each other . 
  the right `` exercise of religion '' can clash with my `` right to life '' and than the `` right to life '' wins . 
  so , no , killing is not a permittable part of the exercise of religion , but in order to limit someones right to exercise religion , this practice has to violate the basic rights of others ( or the security of society and state as a whole ) to an extend that this limitation is legitimit . 
  art . 
  4 ii :  ( 2 ) the undisturbed practice of religion shall be guaranteed . 
  so the practice of a religion is also protected as long as it does not violate the rights of others . 
  but merkel does not govern alone , and the spd , which she has to relay on for every singe parlamentarian decision , would never back this up . 
  but to be more precise , at least the german law is heavily influenced by roman law . 
  until 1900 , germany used a modified roman law for their civil law before the bgb was developed and went into force at 1.1.1900 . 
  i heard the same comment made by bismarck about mecklenburg-vorpommern . 
  it depends highly where you drive . 
  when you are in city-centers that belong to the `` rich-areas '' , than you will see a lot of cars , even better ones . 
  i live in a suburb that has one of the highest concentrations of millionairs in germany ( but sadly not a part of this group - . - ) and it is not uncommon for me to see a porsche suv or other luxuriouse cars passing past me . 
  that is something you will not see that often in other areas in germany . 
  ehm , as far as i remember the lisabon-treaty , it prevents any sort of negotiation of trade treaties as long as the nation is a member of the eu . 
  the competence to do these treaties lies within the eu , so the single nations are excluded from doing so until they invoce art . 
  50 which gives them their own voice . 
  so , attempting to do these deals prior is not according to lisabon . 
  no , the european citizenship comes alongside with your nation 's citizenship , it is an automatism without any further necessaties . 
  the only reason to veto i know about is the death penalty , since germany is due to its constitution prevented to extradite any person to a place where the death-sentence might await them . 
  so , the us would have to agree that they would n't kill him if they want him . 
  but imprisonment for life would be enough to prevent this constitutional veto . 
  but how does she know that the guy is okay with her stripping in front of him and pulling him into the shower ? 
  i just read an article about this swdish discussion were also men started to talk how they just wanted to be close to a friend and she basically said `` you make me hot and not fuck me ? '', 
  and than he felt preasured to have sex with her . 
  same goes here with `` she strips and pulls him into the shower '' . 
  when it becomes a danger as such to be accused of rape because you did n't ask for a verbal consent before you approach the other , than having sex at least for the first time will become really akward . 
  so , as long as the signs the woman gave are just misread by the man , or were not that clear and he had a reason to believe that she wanted to do it ( and going home with someone you met at a party is a strong indicator that you want to do it ) , than the one that does not want to have sex is in the responsibility to clear the situation up with clear signs or signals , such as `` no ! '', 
  yeah , but i think it is a difference of a shitty private person does that ( which is already bad enough ) , but when it is a state organized and state controlled news organization who does exactly the same stuff , it becomes more than just a phenomenon or a normal problem , it becomes propaganda . 
  everyone who has eyes in their head would say that when he actually reads this crap for more than a day . 
  the amount of contradiction is staggering , the blunt and bad created lies mind-boggling . 
  and it becomes especially obviouse when you actually live or if you are part of things discriped there that these `` news '' ar as far away from the truth as possible . 
  but there is objective reality and blunt lies , and rt as well as sputnik is known for the later . 
  merkel may change her opinion sometimes if either there is a change of facts or a public opinion , but i have n't seen her change on a single topic more than once . 
  for gabriel , his position in any given subjects seems to depend on the time of day and the result of a random-generated answer-maschine . 
  and for merkel , she actually says that she changed her opinion and does not act like she always had this changed opinion . 
  with gabriel , he normally acts like his current mood was his idea and plan from the beginning , which gives him this feeling of complete dishonesty . 
  there are things to do , but not with racial statistics , because that would really create the opposit . 
  methods are , for example , the speach-ability-test for 5 year old kids with special prep-school for kids that are visibly behind the other kids . 
  the kids of badly intigrated families normally have problems with speaking , and there , you can actually work with them from an early age . 
  this way , you only really target the kids from problem families ( and not only kids from foreign descendents ) . 
  also , more help for kids from the low-income areas , that would not only help the badly intigrated kids , but also for the lower-class germans . 
  also , i would prefer stricter application of the existing law , our courts are too soft , that is especially visible with guys that are still subject of the upbrining turkish low-class parents brought over from anatolia , but it would also probably work better on some idiots of german heritage . 
  also , maybe better social programs for kids that become criminal or that are social noticable . 
  courts can even demand kids that are not yet criminally liable to go into social betterment-programs . 
  there are a lot of ways to create a change , but to target these only on people of foreign ancestry is not the solution for our problems . 
  but as soon as they are german citizen 's , you ca n't tell them where to life . 
  it is different with refugee 's . 
  i agree that i would prefer the cracking up of some of the sub-cultures that established in germany , and that is actually what merkel meant when she said in 2010 that mulitkulti has failed . 
  it should n't mean that the concept of different cultures comming to germany has failed , but rather the approach to keep them in their own subsocieties . 
  but legally , there is not that much to do without violating the basic law , everyone is free in what he does as long as they do n't violate the rights of others , and there is no violation in the rights of others if they life in their communities , it only becomes a violation if they commit crime , and than they are punished . 
  but on the other side , these sub-culturs are normally especially strong if the people do n't have the german citicenship , they have than a stronger tie to the place `` they belong to '' . 
  but what would be these steps ? 
  throw every single of these descendents out of the nation , even when they are german nationality ? 
  put them in reeducation camps ? 
  i agree that there are problems with certein nationalizies in form that organized criminality developed in their systems , for example the car-stealing-mafia from poland , the libanese mafia in berlin , the burgler-groups from i think romania . 
  but first : they are generally not german nationalities since they use the foreign relations to comit crimes , and even when , the only way to solve the problems without getting violating the human rights of the other parts of these that are not crminal are schools and jail . 
  these are the facilities states-utilities to either shape the person in the first place or to correct misbehaviour later . 
  such `` solving of the problem '' is in general a case-to-case system where you have to account the wrongdoing of every person seperatly . 
  what you discribes sounds , in contrast , awful like race-criminalization where the complete group is put under scrutiny just because there are a few more criminals in their midst . 
  that is actually quite a human right violation , and you force these groups thereby segregate these people , putting them in a situation where it is more difficult to actually archive something . 
  this causes the rise of the probability to become criminal than decrease it . 
  first : how would you fix any problems . 
  these people are german citizens , and , as long as they did n't plan to destroy germany when they were nationalized ( and thereby violating the pledge to the german constitution ) , they stay german citizens . 
  also , it is quite hard to count different ethnicities in europe . 
  the borders were generally not fixed until 1950 's , for eastern europe not even until 1990 's . 
  there are migrations all over europe for millenia , it is basically impossible to determine a concrete ethnicity other than `` white looking '' or `` south european looking '' or `` arabian looking '' . 
  in special due to the long history of turks ruling over big parts of europe , you have a lot of their heritage in people that imigrated from eastern europe as well . 
  the idea that you can clearly say `` this guy has this ethnicitiey '' is basically disprooven for a few decades now , and in special connecting this with certain values . 
  so , where is the point in doing that ? 
  the crisis started summer 2015 , and the most heated phase ended in the first semester of 2016 , so this statistic is about the heat of the crisis .
