  what happens when they do is up to the judges . 
  yeah , that is basically reflecting life and law , the conflict between rights of different people . 
  for example , right of life : you have a kidnapper that bears the right of life , but also holds a gun at the head of the witness . 
  the police can shoot him and kill him thereby without violating his right of life since it clashes with the right of life of the victim . 
  law is basically dealing with the clashes of rights between people , evaluating how much of this right has to be limited to secure other rights . 
  other example : right of religiouse freedom . 
  you can believe in what you want and can do all of your rituals as long as this does not violate the rights of others . 
  so , you ca n't do any kind of human sacrificy since it violates the rights of others . 
  the idea that any human right has to be ultmiative is just out of the touch of reality . 
   it has a confused definition of rights . 
  normally rights are assumed to naturally exist and thus be things that the state takes away . 
  that 's why the us constitution defines what laws the government may not pass . 
  echr often defines a `` right '' and then immediately says it can be taken away by law . 
  it also has been interpreting as creating specific obligation for the state to act , vs an obligation to not act . 
  this may sound like a pedantic technical point but it shows a fundamental lack of clarity in the thinking of the authors . 
  again , that is due to legal technicallys . 
  even when there is the right of the state to limit a right of a person by law , it is implied ( and this implication is binding ) that there need to be a constitutional reason to do so , for example to protect either the rights of someone else or the state itself . 
  the deeper the cut into each freedom , the more well reasoned has this cut to be . 
  again , no freedom is ultimative but the rights of different people are in constant struggle . 
  also , depending on the formulation , it means that there might be higher and lower safeguards for the restriction of a single right . 
   many `` rights '' have exceptions so broad they become meaningless . 
  notoriously , some rights exists subject to restrictions that are `` necessary in a democratic society '' , so you have this `` right '' until your government decides it 's better that you do n't . 
  what 's the point then ? 
  again , the rights have to be broad to take everything in . 
  when the state decides to limit this , it has to reason why to do so . 
  no right can be unlimited without leading to a form of tyranny by this right ( take the second ammendmend in the us for example where the freedom of guns kills annualy thousands ) . 
   the rights themselves are so vague nobody knows what they mean or what they imply . 
  this is how you got the `` right to be forgotten '' that nobody knew existed until the court , um , discovered it . 
  likewise , the right to a family life was not understood to prevent deportations of isis supporters until this was discovered by the court . 
  legislating from the bench like that is very bad , it 's not the place of judges to create new laws on the fly , but the echr is so poorly drafted it 's practically inevitable . 
  yes , there are changes in society that were n't obviouse when these laws were created , but that became more and more relevant . 
  these rules were deliberatly vage so that the courts could adept them to the current situation , just as the society changes the law will change itself as well . 
   despite how vague the rest of the rights are , the definition of marriage explicitly excludes gay people . 
  yeah - that could n't be included without offending several signating nations . 
  but right afterwards is the prohibition of discrimination that was , at least in germany , used to remove more and more inequalities between straight marriage and gay civil union . 
   the document forbids retroactive criminalisation of acts but is itself so poorly written that anyone can be found to be in violation of it retroactively , whilst the judges claim the rights always meant that . 
  there you get something wrong . 
  these regulations are binding the state , not the singel person . 
  nobody can be charged on the basis of the ecmr , only the states that act against persons . 
  and again , it was written that way to react of abusive state-behaviour that tries to use loopholes . 
  broader wording -  less loopholes . 
   the right to a trial says things should happen in `` reasonable '' and `` adequate '' amounts of time , when it could have easily specified a number of days . 
  instead it leaves it up to the judges . 
  how do you want to do that with 47 nations , each nation with different systems , and with no idea how complex the trial will be . 
  for a single theft , a couple of month is reasonable , for apple 's tax-court-hearing , it will take years and it is still reasonable due to the big amount of documents you have to work through . 
  or other example , a simple murder , maybe a few month , the nsu-trial with dozens of victims spanning years between murder where most of the suspects comitted suicide and the concrete details are vague and difficult to determin : yeah , a couple of years is quite reasonable for such a trial . 
  now we are in the controcersy between nature-law and positive law . 
  the european model is that there are laws that everybody bears , for example the right to life , the human dignity and so on . 
  these laws are things we posess not because it was given to us by law , but rather are given us as human beeings to exist , they reflect the most natural demands that we have as human beings to life in a working society together and can therefor not be changed . 
  the positivist law , as the us-system , says that rights are only there because the states grands it to you , and therefor they can be removed at any given time . 
  that is also the reason why the us regularly gives a damn about any existing human rights and refuses to sign any basic un-treaty that takes their right away to give death-penalty to their children ( actual argument to deny the signature under the children 's right treaty of the un ) . 
  i think the nature law is the correct one , that there are rights that are above the law and that has to stay there , because they are the center of human nature . 
  the concret shape can be defined by law , but to neglect their existance is nothing that should be done in a democratic nation . 
  yeah , but the right of family or human dignity or the right to life is not comparable to the right to bear guns . 
  the fundamental rights we have in europe are not shaped to reflect some kind of out-of-the-blue ideas like to bear arms to defend yourself , but are basic priniples like the right to life and the human dignity . 
  these tings are very different . 
  goodin 's law is not appliable if we talk actually about rules that were established exactly to prevent things like nazi 's to happen again . 
  and in special human rights , of which the refugee-rights are just a part of , are the biggest safeguard against nazi 's we have . 
  to just neglect them because they are inconvinient is worth such a comment , 
  the way you said it - yes - yes , it is very much in your head . 
  first : what was lifted was the dublin-agreement which organizes the refugee-system in europe , meaning that the nation is responsible for refugees where these people enter europe , which is for syrians mostly greece . 
  but - not due merkel , but the european court of human rights who ruled several time that dublin ca n't be followed in cases where this responsible nation is not able to provide treatment according to the human rights , and that was the case in greece ( since they were just too many for greece to have any kind of possibility to provide such treatment ) . 
  this happend already for quite some time behind the curtains when suddenly one idiotic employee of the ministery twittered this internal message that dublin will not be applicable for an unforseeable time until the cirsis has slowed down . 
  this tweet was posted around the world ( and changed in translation ) so that people started to come . 
  when people were already on the way , merkel accepted the unavoidable and made her statement that she had to do since , again , she legally could n't sent them back due to the rulings of the echr . 
  second : what was lifted was that refugees wo n't be sent back to the nation of first arrival , but that the refugee-application will be processed here . 
  the ministry that has to proceed these applications is overloaded due to the imense increase on work and the fact that such an application for the status of refugee is nothing that can be decided in a single afternoon , so the applications to become refugee are , for a large part , still processed . 
  people that are not refugees are deemed illegal migrants and get sent back if possible . 
  so , the system is still very much in place , the people were not allowed to migrate here outside of the legal framework , there are just a lot of illegal migrants that joined the refugees and it takes a while to sort everything out . 
  but that does not mean that the legal framework for migration was lifted , only the procedual details where to process the refugees-applications . 
  parallel to all of that is still the legal framework to enter germany as a legal migrant to work and live here . 
  yeah , but voting for the afd is the equivalent of seeing a biting dog and because of that vote for the anihilation of all dogs . 
  just because they adress a problem means that their solution is anything better than the problem itself . 
  yeah , these areas are problem that are not tackled with enough political intensity , agree with that . 
  but the problem is that people not living with immigrants only see these articles . 
  it is basically as if you see every nazi-group as the same as this nazi-village jamel ( which is in mp ) that nobody want to move anymore because of the hugh nazi-problem . 
  you basically strengthened my point that these people only see the bad reports comming from the national media , but does n't have any counter-balance in experience that show that immigrants are not all like that but that these are basically the stupid and ignorant of the immigrants ( that i actually also do n't want to have here ) . 
  but if you have friends from immigrant-families , if you worked and studied with them , your view of the situation changes since you see that , even when there are problems with these areas like marxloh , that a complete `` stop immigration '' and `` out with them '' is a really stupid sollution , but that we rather should start to tackle these idiots among them , as we have to tackle our idiots among the `` original '' german popoulation ( again , just look at jamel ) . 
  no , the problem is that we ca n't sent people from marocco or tunesia back due to the fact that their homenations refuses to take them . 
  these people are hardly able to pose as someone of the middle east since they come mainly over the medditaranian , using ship-routes that are too far off to be seen as syrian . 
  the problem with fake passports is rather a problem of illegal immigrants from asian nations like pakistan . 
  the public do care , and they do n't come in due to merkel , they come in for decades with and without her . 
  the problem was and is that , as soon as they are on european soil ( or on boat of a european ship within the international waters since this counts as european soil ) , they ca n't sent back that easily since these nation regularly refuse to take people back . 
  and as long as there are no international agreements ( as the one germany was able to make this year ! , but only for germany since these deals are not in the power for the eu to make but have to be done rather by every single member-state ) they have no place to go , and it is a violation of the echr to sent them somewhere else . 
  so , the only solution with these people is to make the deals germany is working on for a very long time , but due to the difficulties to create such a treaty , this takes ages . 
  stop making it sound like every immigration problem has its source with merkel or germany since it only prooves that you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  i think the main problem here is that most people do n't want the eu to become a true united states of europe , and this handing over of so much fiscal power would actually constitute that . 
  i do n't know how other nations evaluate the fiscal power of the parliament , but here , it is seen as basically the most important part of sovereign power as it was the first power the parliament got from the kaiser ( at least if i remember the history lessons correctly ) and it was the first time representatives of the people could really make decissions that had an actual effect in politics since the best goverment ca n't do anything without the parliament giving the money for it . 
  therefor , giving real fiscal powers to the eu would constitute the establishing of the united stated of europe . 
  i , personally , am not against such a federal union as long as the legal frameworks is okay . 
  but i know that a majority of people in europe do n't want that . 
  well , it is mecklenburg vorpommern , the are that has the lowest concentration of immigrants and traditionally are among the highest concentration of right-wingers . 
  so , yeah , it is bad that the afd won like that , but it does not mean that much . 
  it is a state-election of basically the most hill-billy state we have . 
  the real party will be next year when we have federal elections again :d . 
  no , refugees are people that flee war or political chase . 
  legal immigrants are people that come to germany to work here using the methods the german legal frameworks provides . 
  illegal immigrants are people that try to come here for work or anything else that ignore these methods . 
  people fleeing out of an overcrowded refugee camp in the middle east where food , water and sanitary supplies are rare and in health-risking conditions keep to be refugees , even when they cross several other regions that are risky to stay in , either becaue they actually fear more prosecution there , because these areas have not the capacity to take them , or these areas basically neglet their duties according to the refugee convention in a manner that they violate the human rights of these people ( for example by limiting the possiblities for refguee-children to visit a school or by limiting their possibility to work so that they can basically buy food to survive ) . 
  well , the problem with eurobonds and similar systems is that you need to create more centralized systems that basically make national states obsolete .
