  a state without religion on the other hand is just another kind of state . 
  the morals that keep the state together emerges than not from religion , but rather from humanism for example . 
  but if there is no economy , than there is nothing than people that basically live in caves . 
  so , the state has to acknowledge the importance of companies , because in the end , their taxes ( and of their employees ) runs everything . 
  a state that is not in contact with companies is a state that runs basically blind in one major part of the system , not noticing where changes are necessary and where unintended side-effects of laws happen . 
  so contact is needed , and the government has to discuss ways to improve the economy , while they still have the greater goal of the public in mind . 
  the people they can discuss these ways to improve the economy are the lobbist , since they are the one with the technical knowledge and the on the hand experience that politians simply does not have . 
  in the end , the successful development of a state has to be done by , while also listening to the lobbisists ( who 's job it is to ensure that the government does not fuck over their branch of economy ) , listening to the interest groups of the people as well ( like uions , consumer-organizations , etc ) . 
  only when politician honor both sides and mitigate the interests of both , a state can work . 
  i agree that is working wrong in the us , this is majorly because ( in my opinion ) , in special the republican party only listens to the coporate-side of the system , and warp the reality for the people around this corporate-truth . 
  hell , they do n't even have a constitutional right for unions . 
  this leads to disaster . 
  but on the other side , look at greece prior to the crisis . 
  greece has a tradition to send their good students to english private schools with a rather socialistic and anti-corporate idiology . 
  this was brought to the public so that the corporations did n't have any real voice in the government , the rules for corporations to work were viciouse , the state mainly listened to the need of the people , making one election present after another . 
  the result was a disfunctioning economy that could n't carry the wheight of the state-finances , and an incredible amount of state-debt that crushed the system as soon as something happend . 
  i personally , i think extreme positions always leave out the half of the truth . 
  so , yes , we need controle of the lobbist , but still , wee need lobbies in order to ensure that our government does not get out of touch with the economy . 
  but exatly this , that these easy abusable systems are also systems that are essential for a working state is what makes it so difficult to improve it . 
  first question : where is this quote from ? 
  for the rest : i agree , that could and should have been handled better . 
  the problem that i assume they choosed that way is because - well - even parlamentarians are often not really reliable . 
  when i see how much for example the green party officially leaks about investigation committees that should be kept silence about , or how , i think it was someone of the pirat-party , basically caused quite a stock-drop just because he said something that was not official and not really dicided yet , i can understand them to some degree . 
  that said , the idea with the ttip room where the parlamentarian were able to inform them ( while making sure at the same time that they do n't talk about it ) , is a good start . 
  i do n't know if there was also a mechanism that the parlamentarians could give in suggestions , but that would have been good as well . 
  another point is that , by the way , the eu is democratically established . 
  due to the eu-election , due to the treaties that were rattified by the national parliaments that gave the eu the power , due to the council that appoints the negotiators . 
  the council is the group of the representatives of each executive branch of europe . 
  for each member state , the exectuvie is also the part of government that is there to negotiate international treaties , without the need to involve the pariament apart that the parliament has to agree to the treaty in the end . 
  so , the level of involvment depends on how sure the negotiaters are that the parliament will accept their propsal . 
  but it is not really feasable to do negotiations with 500 + parlamentarians in your back that try to impliment their party policy or that try to block or sabotage the negotiations all together . 
  due to that , the group of people that actually dicide the wording of the proposal has to be quite small , or the negotiations will become more of an unsolvable clusterfuck as it already normally is ( and the treaties would take longer ) . 
  so , normally , even on national level , these papers are only given to the parliament when the negotiaters disclose them to the parliament , either during important milestones , or when the treaty is ready for signing . 
  but in legal reality , the parliament has not much to do with the content of treaties apart from agreeing to them in the end . 
  so , the only difference was that the negotiaters were not appointed this time by one government alone , but by all governments together . 
  sure  . 
  if you ever come to cologne , send me a message and we can go get a drink :d . 
  and about the secrcy , well , it has a reason . 
  as a matter of fact , it is the same reason why every single treat is created like that . 
  the way such negotiations work is not that different from normal negotiations we do on the market , only the themes are more complex . 
  basically , you go into the negotiation with your optimum , and even beyond that . 
  you want to have potential to give in in certain areas , in order to protect the part of the agreement that is important for you . 
  because of that , you write things in your first proposals that you know the other side ca n't accept , not because you really want this ( or even want it at all ) , but you want that the other negotiates you off this point and give you something for it . 
  of course , you ca n't do it exessivly , but you should have a few points in your back-hand . 
  it is like you go to a seller on the market and look at his good `` hey , this looks interesting , i take it for 1 $ '' while you know that it costs at least 5 $ . 
  you want test the other side . 
  the difference of negotions about treaties and the market is , that at the market , there is not that much at stake , and you have not that many people looking over your shoulder . 
  complete economies depend on these negotiations , and every leaked detail about it can cause major uproars and disturbances in the market . 
  and in special these points `` we put them into the papers because we konw the other side ca n't accept it '' , if these points would get publicated , the situation might balistic and the market could loose , and the complete treaty would fail . 
  you already saw this during ceta , whenever something was leaked , without any idea if this leak was credible or not , even at times where the deal was not in that stage that any texts were really drafted , it caused major disturbances in the public . 
  because of that , if they would negotiate this all in public , it would cut the ability of the diplomats to test the others out , to really banter in order to get the best out of the deal , because every wrong idea , every wrong brainstorming-point , every risky proposal just to test the other side would mean the end of all negotiations due to major protests of the public . 
  i agree with you on all these points , but for me , treaties like ceta does n't change much in that regard . 
  as far as my understanding of ceta is ( which is basically only the chapter investment-law ) , ceta does not help in tax-evasion , and also not in lobbying . 
  these are issues that has to be tackled , i stand very strongly behind the idea that taxes should be payed where the deal was made , and also that lobbying , even when we never will really end it , should be controlled ( there is one side of lobbying that has actually a validity , and that is when the knowledge of experts are demanded that the government ca n't get in any other way . 
  that said , most of the lobbying is not really this ` necessary ' one and creates more damage than good ) . 
  my point is rather that we should tackle the problems where they are , and actually , ceta is a good step into that direction ( in my oppinion ) . 
  it reduces the investment law back into the state that it is usefull , meaning that exploits of this system by companies was reduced as much as feasable . 
  at the same time , it creates a stronger connection between the nations in question that is needed to tackle the other problems togehter . 
  because , when we look at it , non of these issues can really be archieved within one nation , but need broader incentives of multiple nations , from the restriciton of the finance merket to the tackling of tax-evasion / money laundering , even the problem of lobbying has to be tackled internationaly or else we will never be able to follow international cashflow that can be used for illegal lobbying . 
  do you really think that apple would have won half their cases against samsung in the us if samsung would be us-based and apple asian ? 
  look at most actually dicided cases ( in favor of the investor ) in investment-law and you will see that you feel like the government was here the shit-head , not the company . 
  as a law-student myself : my profession would only have half its workload if the government would do their job always good , and this is about a functioning democracy . 
  but take for example again the us , i could n't believe a few days ago during the trial about trump 's ban that aliens without legal recidency does not even have a legal stand in court ( if i understood that correctly in cases of governmental law ) . 
  this is insane , this means that an alien that is not a legal resident ca n't challange american governmental decisions that easily . 
  again , i also say that these companies have to be held responsible for their actions , but that does not mean that they are free of any rights , and since a company is nothing more than a legal construct who 's complete abilities are only defind by law , they are vulnerable to any national act . 
  therefor , they need at least some protection as well . 
  because of that , i actually like the way ceta deals with that issue of indirect expropriation ( the main method of companies to demand money of states ) . 
  here , the ability of the company to sue are heavily restricted , in special in cases when such health-issues are at stake ( or invorment , or even just social issues ) . 
  this way , they ca n't defend themselves using this court system when there are these important things at stake . 
  furthermore , under the new transparancy-rules ( which were also put in place in ceta ) , both parties have to publish every piece of paper they give to the court , and the court-sessions are alos publically . 
  due to that , when companies do try to push through with such blunt idiotic demands , they are open to public scruteny . 
  the last point that i want to make is that for me , the existance of a company is also something of value , because every company does not only exists of its market-value , the investors and budget , but rather of the lives by the people working there , and if a company fails due to unjust actions , than it is something that is not good . 
  and i think , a company , if they were treated unfairly , should have the power to defend itself , because than , they can also defend the people that are working for them , and as i said , as soon as a company is acting internationally , the ability to defend yourself for a company is so limited that isds is really rellevant . 
  edit : by the way , look at the current threats against bmw from the trump-administration about special-taxes for bmw just because they want to open a new factory in mexico , not thereby considering that bmw is the biggest exporter of cars the us has . 
  if there would be an investment-treaty between germany and the us ( which does not exists right now ) , a company-tailored tax already could raise concerns , depending on the argumentaiton ( which is , as all of trump-argumentations , really thing ) . 
  and from there to further , even more intensive measurements that are a disregard to a nation of law is not that far fetched . 
  yeah , but in a modern day democracy , the systems are generally designed also to prevent abusive behaviour of the representatives of a nation , even when this abusive behaviour is done by `` what people have chosen '' . 
  and this can and does happen , and in special foreign companies might be easier able to be screwed than others ( i do n't talk now about the big multi-national behemoths , but from rather normal companies that also work multinational ) . 
  people of the own nation are protected as they are the voters , the sovereigns , and violating their rights could cause major uproars and endanger the job of democratically elected representatives in the next election circle . 
  people of foreign ( democracies ) are protected with their rights towards their own government to protect them . 
  basically every nation has provisions that force a state to protect their citicens in foreign nations , and they , in order not to face domestic problems , are normally forced to take every diplomatic possibility to get them out . 
  foreign companies are hardly protected at all . 
  they are under full jurisdiciton of the host-nation , generally , in order to work in this nation , they have to create a subsidiary of this other nation that has no legal stand in the nation the company originates from . 
  for example , if trump now dicides to basically nationalise the bmw factories in the us , germany could do nothing . 
  they could be angry , they could write angry letters and notes , but effectivly , nothing would happen . 
  investments are the things that are generally first sacrificied if there are diplomatic tension between nations ( again , leaving out the behemoths of companies that alone have the money of a medium nation ) . 
  by agreeing to these courts , you give these companies a stand for themselves , apart from the home-government that might not want to help them ( or ca n't help them ) with diplomatic means . 
  please , read annex 8-a section 3 of ceta :  for greater certainty , except in the rare circumstance when the impact of a measure or series of measures is so severe in light of its purpose that it appears manifestly excessive , non-discriminatory measures of a party that are designed and applied to protect legitimate public welfare objectives , such as health , safety and the environment , do not constitute indirect expropriations . 
  for the first time , an investment treaty explicitly protects the right to make laws in favor of environment . 
  please , read before commenting . 
  please , read ceta annex 8-a  for greater certainty , except in the rare circumstance when the impact of a measure or series of measures is so severe in light of its purpose that it appears manifestly excessive , non-discriminatory measures of a party that are designed and applied to protect legitimate public welfare objectives , such as health , safety and the environment , do not constitute indirect expropriations . 
  this is a new provision included like this the first time in an investment-law-treaty and it limits the ability for company to sue dramatically . 
  well , at least according to the professor i visited the investment-law-course of , the resistance did n't start with left/middle , but with nationalists that were enraged that this competence to form investment treaties was given from the natinoal states to the eu . 
  they went basically into a frency with partly true and partly fake news that woke up the left that , not really realizing what was happening , took the anger that was first directed to the fact that it was the eu doing it into their anti-coporate-idiology . 
  this has the interesting effect that nationalists and leftists are both basically are here on the same side . 
  ( about this professor , yes , his field of study is investment law , but he was the only lawyer cited by the greens in their paper about investment law because he brought the idea forward that investment-law-treaties should include a chapter that only companies that apply with invironmental provisions in a nation should be allowed to use investor-state-settlement ), 
  yes , but , if you would have looked at ceta , the possibilities for companies to sue the state was drastically limited within ceta , for the first time . 
  annex 8-a includes for the first time a provision with a clear formulated exemption of several things against which a lawsuit would fail certainly :  for greater certainty , except in the rare circumstance when the impact of a measure or series of measures is so severe in light of its purpose that it appears manifestly excessive , non-discriminatory measures of a party that are designed and applied to protect legitimate public welfare objectives , such as health , safety and the environment , do not constitute indirect expropriations . 
  so , while i ca n't say how successful the law-suit against romania would be now under the current treaty between romania and this company ( i have no clue about neither the case or the exact formulation of the treaty ) , ceta , that would replace all current investment-treaties the eu has with canada , would better the situation due to the more restrictive nature of ceta . 
  well , i think i could sue you tomorrow because , by posting this here , you agreed to buy my pen for 100,000 $ .
