  50 now . 
  the opposition demand the end of austaraty in europe as usual . 
  but basically all want the uk out , and that as fast as possible , in order to stabalize the economy again . 
  well , when i would have to discribe the sentiment of me and my peers ( german ) , i would say we love the eu , just not really its institutions :d . 
  in special , as law-student , i loathe the european court due to its strange decisions . 
  let 's say it that way , a lot of the laws that are passed are strange ( for example the consumer protection due to more and more information nobody can process ) . 
  a lot of rules are good though , for example the rules for fireproove products in homes ( just watch the clip of the stupid englishman that tries to burn a european flag ) . 
  in the end , we do n't want to miss the possibilities within the eu , to connect people just as much as economies , binding the fate from all together so that we will try our best to become basically one european society with a lot of national flavors in it . 
  also , the single market is only possible due to the extend of regulations , this way we can be sure that the products from all parts of the eu is fullfilling the minimum-standarts . 
  tl ; dr : just as democracy , the eu has a lot of flaws , but it is the best system we have at the moment , so we want it . 
  there are drastical changes , in special in the prospect of investments into the uk and capital escaping the island . 
  despite that the negotiations did not start yet , investing into the uk became from a rather certain good idea to a high-risk endavor . 
  investors does not hate anything more than uncertanty , and the question if a nation belongs in two years time still into the single market is basically the best reason to wait and to look for alternatives , if not even start to invest into the alternatives right away . 
  politically , the sepeartion of the uk from the eu have n't started yet , but economically , it has , by the actions of basically every company that has a choice if they want to be located in the uk or not . 
  germany : basically the same . 
  for the comupter i would maybe add acer , asus , medion ( it is basically the aldi-supermarkt-brand , but it is of a suprising good quality ) , lg , sony, 
  yes , but only the same manner as any other applicant as well . 
  basically , the negotiation to join them back into all these structures will take years again , will be a hell lot of expensive , and all the discounts the uk has at the moment ( and they are a lot ) , they will not be granted them again . 
  as far as i heard in newsreports from eu-law experts , the invoking of article 50 is not irrevocable , but as long as the final treaty in the end is not signed , the state that invoced art . 
  50 can still back away . 
  sure , it was a non-binding referendum , so if some members of the parliament are willing to sacrifice their futur they could end it now . 
  or , if camerons successor steps in , he could chicken out to invoce art . 
  they could even push the reason of the extrem economic consequences that were already on the way and the seperation of scottland as reason why they back away . 
  also , as i heard , a nation can always stop the process of leaving the eu until they really signed the treaty to leave . 
  the other question is if it really will happen . 
  at the moment , there is a big preassure due to the refferendum , so it is highly questionable if they will back away . 
  and as far as i heard it , he has to file regularly permanent residentship-applications . 
  german here . 
  we have here unemployment benefits that everyone gets who is , guess what , unemployed . 
  these benefits will be payed in general as long as the person is jobless . 
  it is enough money to life from it , even when not very good . 
  if you have really lowpaying jobs , the benefits will be payed partly so that you should n't end up working for less money than you get from the unemployment benefits . 
  also , there are different benefits you can apply for if you receive unemployment benefits , for example additional money for furniture , school trips for the kids , sports for the kids , tutoring for the kids , etc. 
  healthcare is also provided . 
  these benefits can be reduced if the receiver does any misconducts . 
  these could be working illigally , do n't participate in the search for new jobs ( by going to the employment agency ) , not accepting work offered by the employment agency , social fraud , not participating by advanced training or professional retraining to increase the job chances , and a lot more . 
  to be honest , i did n't watch it since your discription was enought to make it sound for me like the usual anit-eu fearmongering you her so often . 
  well , the eu is extreamly complicated , and so is the law-creation as well . 
  so , yes , the european comission has the power to create laws that are immidiatly valid in each nation , but you have to see how this law is created . 
  i could either try to discribe it extreamly complicated or just link [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_legislative_procedure#ordinary_legislative_procedure ) that provides a really detailed explanation . 
  but to put it simple , each memberstate participate in the creation of the law and in at least 90 % of all laws , these are only passed when the representatives of all member states agrees to them . 
  also , there is no law passed without at least the acceptance of germany , france and ( or at least at the moment ) of the uk . 
  the idea that these laws were passed without their approval is just the propaganda used by the head of states ( of all european nations ) to put their own guilt for unpopular laws up to the eu . 
  about the superstate . 
  well , this might be the goal for parts of the eu , but this is decades away , if it is ever feasable . 
  neither france nor germany are interested to have a superstate , and i do n't know of any new negotiations for the treaties to create such state . 
  as long as the economics and interests of the different states are so divers , it is impossible ( and at least from the big nations not wanted ) that such a state could be created . 
  and if it would be crated , this would need changes in the european constitution , and that would need the complete agreement of every single member of the eu , nobody could ever be forced to participate since every single of these nation can veto . 
  eu army : yes , the more trouble we have at our borders , in special with russia , but also with probable more advanced actions of the is for example , the more a united army could be necessary . 
  basically , all major experts state that , if russia would want to attack the eu , we could n't hold the frontline for three days due to our lack of miliatary capacity . 
  besides this lack of military power , there is another reason why this could be necessary . 
  look at our border-states , greece , rumania , bulgaria , poland , etc. 
  all of these are among the poorest of our union , but the border states of schengen would have to provide the most military power . 
  it is literally impossible for them to provide anything , so it has to be eu-funded . 
  and if the eu pays for it , why should these border naiton have the complete controle over it ? 
  so , last comment of me here . 
  it is sad how you proove your own stupidity by your posts . 
  you know that the referendum hold yesterday is on its way since 2013 , which means it was first proposed and decided to held years before the first syrian refugee stepped on europeans soil . 
  but since you are the islamophobic idiot you are you will also ignore this perfect proove that the brexitt was not about regugees and continue your pathatic rant . 
  but even again for people like you , short and simple : referendum not about refugees . 
  referendum about eastern european worker inside of uk . 
  referendum about demand of the eu to follow its regulation . 
  first of all , stop your bullshit with the refugees . 
  in special in the us-news , they blew this way more up than anything else . 
  the refugees are mainly in germany and nations along this rode , all atempts to share them were useless . 
  the thing the uk feared were mostly east-european cheap worker that flood not only the uk , but a lot of areas here . 
  they did n't want to pay child benefits for polish workers . 
  yes , there are muslims trying to get to uk as well , but that are mostly people from afrika that move illigally and that are and never were protected by merkel . 
  the syrians are not the problem of the uk . 
  also , their main import of muslims is because the uk still gives special previliges to former commonwhealth nations , among these are special methods to live in the uk . 
  that is the way muslims come to uk not the eu . 
  so get your head out of your single-tone-ass . 
  the uk does not want eastern-european workes in their nation , and there is no way to prevent that if they want an agreement like the nations you listed . 
  also , they would still have to follow all rules set by the eu , something the uk does not want either . 
  well , there is no clear answer what will happen . 
  the eu-treaties have a two-year-negotiation-time just to solve these questions . 
  the main problem is that the eu will never step away from the point that there is only free access to the single market when the basic freedoms are provided . 
  but the uk do n't want to provide the basic freedom . 
  i never said that there would be no trade-deal between uk and the eu , there will be , i just doubt that it can be reached in two years and i doubt that it is that good as what the brexit-campaigners believe . 
  as long as the uk does not allow freedom of movement , there will be no access to the single-market . 
  as long as they do n't accept this one condition that , in their own words , is not acceptable , there will be tolls and there will be limitations in what can be aprooved without further checking by the eu . 
  the thing is , the eu ca n't back away in these points , no matter how much it might hurt the eu as well , or to leave becomes a vivit option for a lot of nations that think they can do cherry-picking just as the uk . 
  if the eu agrees to that kind of deal , it would basically be the death-sentence for the union . 
  that is also the reason why i am so certain that the uk will have extreme problems to create a trade-deal that is favorable for them , because it is something the eu has to prevent no matter what . 
  which data do you mean ? 
  the data-sharing between the european pollice and intelligence is still quite lacking , one reason for some of the security problems . 
  there are differences in `` restricting trade '' and what might happen with the uk . 
  as soon as the uk leaves , and as long as no other deal will be found , the uk will have to deal with the eu as any other non-eu-nation has , wich means tolls for the products and that the products the uk produce will not automatically be approved by the rest of the eu , but that they rather have to get them approved before selling them . 
  without a further treaty , they will fall back on the basic framework of the wto , which is the bare minimum to trade . 
  the difference to north korea is that there are actual sanctions that forbids to trade with them , meaning that there is no way to get their products into the eu market . 
  that i should invest a lot into popcorn-production . 
  there will be a big demand in order to approprably watch the uk burning down . 
  i just watched the bbc-debate and i think , i need to get at least 5 strokes before i would agree with anything boris johnsen says , and not only because i study law and it does not need more than half a braincell of eu-law-knowledge to see that he is full of crap . 
  i did just one over night and got my license . 
  i do n't remember how much autobahn because we did it often just during the normal driving-lessons . 
  i do n't know if there are different regulations in the different states though . 
  at least , i can say that my experience are rather up to date for where i live since i made my license last year . 
  the thing in germany is , religion is treated as a private matter , you do n't speak about it , you do n't ask about it , you just believe it and follow the traditions in your home or in the churche of your liking . 
  yes , most kids go to religion classes in school , but do n't really pay attention . 
  in big parts it is also normal to get the children confirmed or communioned , but the kids normally do it just for the presents and do n't give religion really a second thought .
