  mother believes him , but is to intimidated to call the police . 
  so she kills him while the husband is asleep , which is by nature a sneaky way . 
  the latter is still clear , but is the intent really included here ? 
  no , because here , the doing of the wife is not as reproachfully than of someone who puts poision in someones glas just to make sure he dies in a way you can hide better . 
  and it is basically impossible to draft any law without having such loopholes , and it is the job of a judge to identify the situations the latter is not fitting to the situation anymore . 
  you know that there is a complete profession of lawyers that are specialst to select the most bigot jury-members possible , just that they are in favor of his client ? 
  the more money you have , the more likly is that you have a jury that is favorable to you , ending in situations where the judgment is determind by the lawyer picking the jury before even the first hearing happend . 
  that is not really a fair system at all . 
  in a system with consideration , there has to be some sort of exchange for a contract to be valid . 
  so , both sides have to give something . 
  in a system without , there is no need for this . 
  two can make a contract without one side to have to do anything . 
  if you give someone a present , this is actually a contract . 
  i promise you to give you that thing you want to have , and when i give it to you , it is part of this contrct . 
  normally , it is only a verbal contract , but , depending on the situation , it can be enforcable . 
  for me , it is utterly unimportant :d . 
  in germany , you can do a contract about a present , and it is perfectly binding . 
  it is even a one-sided contract , so the other side does not have to accept the contract at all and it still can be binding for you . 
  here , the idea is `` i promise something , so i have to do it '' , there is no need for any kind of exchange to show the comittment , to promise is enough sign of that . 
  ehm , these two are also two main methods of interpreting a law here in germany . 
  analogy and teleolgical reduction are two methods do go off the concrete wordings . 
   if the legislative body missed to create a rule for something , there might be no ruling at all ( well , the courts are , in most cases ( apart from criminal law ) to use juristic methods to fill unintentional voids ) . 
  in special here , i was refering to analogies , which are legal and used basically everywhere . 
  only analogies disadvancing a accused in front of the criminal court are illegal because of the principle `` nulla poena sine lege '' ( no punishment without law ), 
  not really true . 
  german has the system of `` sch\u00f6ffen '' , meaning that also not-lawyer sitting behind the bench and than dicide with the judge together . 
  they sit in court in amtsgericht , as well as in landgericht . 
  also , at least you have someone dicide that has some knowledge of that field , not by a group of people who can be easily manipulated . 
  hell , there is a complete profession that only try to manipulated the jury-pick so that it is in favor for the client , often the decision is already made when the jury is picked before even the first hearing . 
  well , big parts of germany were occupied by the french under napoleon , so we got in close contact with that law back than . 
  also , until the introduction of the bgb , the roman law ( in modified form ) were for big parts still the applicable law , so not that much influence by the austrians from there . 
  yeah , i can understand how good faith can throw you off a little bit . 
  i myself had the luck to have two american lecturers in my unviversity that provide a small certificate ( you have to pass 8 courses to get it ) , so i was able to take a few sneak-peaks into the common law . 
  in special contract theory and drafting american contracts was quite interesting . 
  the biggest difference is between common law and civil law ( latter is also known as roman law since it have a tradition that dirives of roman law-books discovered in the 14th century ) . 
  basically , the common law has a heavier focus on cases , while the civil law is more about decisions of the legislative body . 
  within the common law , it is not unusual that the court is presented with cases that has no rule regulating it and thus they basically make a new rule up . 
  these decisions can have a binding force so that the next time a similar case occurs , the old case sets the rules . 
  due to that , profound knowledge of court-rulings is important . 
  apart from england and the commonwhealth , the us practice this form of law . 
  due to that , you have to take in mind when you see some crazy law from the us , that it is not uncommon that they based on actual court cases . 
  the civil law on the other hand more relies on the idea that the legislative body , in mordern times the parliaments , set out rules ( that they can change at any given time ) and that the duty of the courts is to interpret these rules . 
  the idea is that the single ruling only has effect inter partes , so between the parties , and that they have no binding effect on the next case . 
  if the legislative body missed to create a rule for something , there might be no ruling at all ( well , the courts are , in most cases ( apart from criminal law ) to use juristic methods to fill unintentional voids ) . 
  of course , this difference is not that strict . 
  in common law , there are rules that are made by the legislative body that have great effects on the courts , even when they are often an extract of the ideas of previouse court-cases . 
  and in civil law , even when there are in theory no binding effects of court-cases , lower courts will , in general , follow the ruling of higher courts , and even higher courts are bound to some extend to prior rulings . 
  edit : sorry , it was the 14th century when the roman law was rediscovered . 
  but the major difference here is the idea of consideration . 
  that simply does not exist here , there is no need of any kind of exchange in contract . 
  the thing is , frankfurt was a free city , so , as far as i know it , it did n't had any affiliation at that time , but i read ( when i tried to look it up ) that prussia took over just a couple of years later . 
  well , is n't that rather a question for history rather than geography . 
  back in the 18th cenutry , there was no real germany , only the holy roman empire of german nation , that could be seen as such . 
  this empire inlcuded many parts that are not part of today germany , and during the life-time of mozart , the kaiser of this empire was the house of habsburg-lothringen , which also were the kings of austria . 
  so , the area where mozart lived was defacto part of the holy roman empire of german nation , which is a progenitor of the later german empire , which is the progenitor of todays germany . 
  so , back at that time , mozart was at the same time german and austrian , just as much as goethe was german and ( i think prussian ? ) . 
  so , it is fair to say that you both are right , since their heritage belongs to both nations  . 
  the english version sounds so weired :d . 
  well , because of that , every single citicen has the right to found a new party and to get people to follow him . 
  well , the parliament consists proportionatly to the votes casted . 
  that means that the total vote castet set 100 % of the seats , everyone who does not vote takes his vote completly out of the aquasion and basically says , `` whatever you dicide will be the new parliament ! '' . 
  not voting is just a valid decision as to casting a vote for any party , and this decision has consequences , meaning that your vote will not change the wheight of the other votes . 
  nothing against that . 
  but you here regularly the comment `` but if you look at the real numbers of the election , this guy got only 25 % of the votes of all elligable voters ! '', 
  basically , the argument that , due to the non-voters , the elected politicians loose their democratic legimitation is just stupid . 
  i personally think such a system is impossible . 
  just think that less than 50 % go voting , at that point , a change in law would be impossible . 
  also , it would lead regularly to failed parliaments , since , if we just take the true voting-counts , it is nearly impossible to form an effective coalition . 
  basically , the only effect this would have would be a nation in stillstand , and that would lead in a rather short time to the collaps . 
  again , if it just slips by because it is a content that could slip by , there will be not much of a problem , but honestly , i do n't see how by accident a post about how all muslims should be killed , or that all blacks are just like cattle , or that we should heat up the ovens in the concentraion camps , could slip someones attention . 
  and these are actually the one i mean with grossy neglegant . 
  it is nothing with `` well , that sounds weired '' or `` what an asshole '' , but for something to be seen as that grossly illegal that is worth a fine , it is nearly impossible to slip by unnoticed , at least as long as someone reads it actually . 
  first of all , these numbers that are discussed here are quite missleadaing . 
  yes , 5 million were said as a possible punishment , but just in cases like twitter were only 1 % of the reported illegal speeches were deleted in anything like a timly manner . 
  it will not be that every single missed or falsy evaluted post would lead to a fine or anything , that would be grossly unconstitutional and would never be possible to pass the constitutional court . 
  to create a fine , there are two possiblities : either the company neglect their duty to create an effective review board that process reports in a timly manner , or there they miss a post either purposly or grossly negligent that is so clearly a violation of the rules that you need to be braindead not to notice it . 
  and if you do n't vote , do n't act like the result of the election was not done with your help by saying `` but the winner just got only x percent of the population backing him up '' . 
  when you do n't vote , it means that you do cast a vote for accepting the decision others make for you !, 
  actually , the law provided the demand for human reviews . 
  the proposal actually states that in a regular report , the companies have to clearinfy the measures and staffing of their review-center . 
  so , it is most likely that there will not only be bots that will do the job , but that a human review board will has to be established . 
  exactly thats . 
  our constitutional court is reknown for their indipendence , and with really few exeptions , the rulings are well respected . 
  the moment when they fall to any kind of political agenda , in special in regard of restriction of the freedom of opinion and expression , it is game over , because than , the government can already do what they want without caring for rules , and the best written rule about absolute free speech will have zero effect . 
  i do n't see that the bverfg disagrees here with what i said . 
  it is not possible for the federal government to prohibit single events , they can just annonce that they would n't let someone enter germany . 
  this , in my opinion and basically all the public experts about turkey , would be a gift for erdogan , because than he can make merkel look like a totallitarian nazi ( as he already tried btw , just not really sucessfully ) . 
  the actual event can only be forbidden by the local government . 
  it has nothign to do with cowardness , but with seperation of power and competences . 
  the government is not an allmighty entity , but their power is limited by the law , and what you say is that they should fuck over the law just to make a point . 
  that is authoritarian idiocy . 
  the law states that , if there are gatherings , it is for the local government to dicide if this person is allowed to speak there , not the federal government . 
  and it woul be pure idiocy to make erdogan or any of his people persona non grata , it would make him more important as the ranting midget that he is . 
  seeing at your upvote shows how little people understand the current system . 
  first : vetting in the us befor people entering the us is pretty easy for most parts , because the us has an ocean in the west and an ocean in the east . 
  so , by nature , only people comming through mexico can enter unvettet , because everyone else has to travel either by ship or by plain , which makes it pretty easy to determine who enters your nation and who not . 
  europe is here different , since we have mainly green borders , and , since we do n't give a fuck about human rights , we ca n't people just drown in international waters , but are obliged to get them out of there . 
  and if we would not do that , the trafficers would just ship them a little longer , causing even more drowned people . 
  the coasts in the meditaranian are just too close so that an effective guardian is simply impossible . 
  so , the vetting has to happen when people are already in europe .
