  europe already allowed these nations once to get cheap money without looking for what that money was used , so no more !, 
  either all nations give up their sovereignity of their financial and economical politics , or eurobonds are not gon na happen !, 
  well , while it is equal in most parts these days ( for some parts more due to the constitutional court than for the politicians ) , there is still the discussion about the right of adoption , which is basically the only real anti-gay-marriage-argument i heard so far . 
  but the bomb was discribed to b not a easy self-made bomb , but need special equipment and knowledge that self-raeicalized people or hooligans do n't habe . 
  but for someone who radicalizes himself , it is quite unlikly that he knows how to built such a bomb that was discribed as made by a specialist , not the usual ' i build in my garrage after seeing internet-instruction ' kind of . 
  when it was done by islamist , . the person would habe needed training that rules self-raeicalisation basically out . 
  so , i konw i get heavily downvoted for saying anything good about investment-treaties . 
  i do n't want to say anything about ttip and ceta in special since i do n't know enough about these in particular , in special when it is about any provision apart from the pure investment-law core of these . 
  but i want to write this here since i am missing a particular part of the discussion that gives it another spin and i just wanted to see opinions of others in this regard . 
  i ask in special here because i got this idea while responding to an american here on this subreddit . 
  at the moment , i follow the discussion about the investigation against apple and similar companies by the european union for hidden subsidies against eu-law given out by several european states which might cause a intensive fine , forcing these companies to pay back the money taxes they saved by using taxation-heavens . 
  as reaction thereof , the us starts to play its muscles , threats to just tax european companies more as well , that would be absolute legal . 
  but is it legal ? 
  the us has already several investment-treaties with european countries , and , without knowing the exact treaties , something that happens in all of them are non-discrimination-clauses as well as most-favoured-nation clauses . 
  the non-discrimination-clause says you ca n't treat a company working on your soil worse than your own citicens just because their investors or head-company is foreign . 
  the most-favorued-nation clause says that , if you give investors of other nation goodies , you have to give it to the other 's as well . 
  so , these two clauses might make the us-threat completly invalid . 
  a double-tax for eu-companies that would theoretically be possible under us law would violate the non-discrimination-clause , and if they only aim at eu-companies , it would go against the most-favoroued-nation clause . 
  the only way to tax eu-companies more would be by raising the taxes for everyone , something that would n't go very well in the us . 
  therefor , even if the us decides to take steps into double-taxation , this would be a double-edged sword since the eu-companies just drag the us in front of an investment court where they would most likly win . 
  on the other hand , the eu has this problem not as long as they do n't only target us-companies , but basically systematically go against every of these taxation-agreements between states and big companies . 
  if most , or even all of them , are us ( what i really do n't know since the biggest they started with are at least from the us ) , that is still not a problem since the rules applied here are unbias and non-discriminatory ( everyone can get to be forced to pay back money that was given out against the eu-rules , ask volkswagen ) . 
  so , as long as the eu sticks to the priciples , they can do this to the us-companies , but the us ca n't do shit to eu-companies . 
  and even the fact that not all eu-nations have a treaty with the us ( for example germany does n't ) is not that of a big deal , they just simply open up a subsidiary in a nation that has such a treaty , put the us-shares into this subsidiary and they can sue as well . 
  therefor , it might be that the investment-treaty could not only be something that prevents nation from taking action , as it is normally seen in the braod public , but this time , it could enable the eu to work without worrying to cripple their biggest companies , giving them more space to act . 
  short about me who thought this up : i am a german law-student that worked for a 3/4 of a year intensive on an international-law project where i got quite deep into the basics of international law . 
  furthermore , i took , out of pure interest , the lecture of investment-law and succeeded with one of the best exames in this semester . 
  i write it just here since i am noway an expert to create a recognizable article or anything like that , but on the other hand , i have enough of a grasp of the principles here that i can work out at least such a basic line of thought , 
  [ removed ], 
  hell no . 
  we have just to many children and our seniors are living too long , the idea of the generation-treaty that is the basis of the current pensions is dead when i am that old . 
  generation treaty : the young people pay in so that the retired can live from it . 
  in exchange , the next generation will pay for these now young people . 
  i generally have a fable for thai-food , but korean is nice , too . 
  basically , as soon as the name curry is in the title and it is not indian ( a kitchen i really do n't like ) , i am happy . 
  yes , i like to go to the sauna very much . 
  i have n't seen a single-sex saune that are solely for men ( apart of gay-sauna 's ) , so i go to mixed sexes . 
  you also wo n't see many towle/garment saunas here , as it is considered unhygenic . 
  i personally prefer the not that hot saunas , as i had as a teen when i just got circumsised a year prior a very uncomfortable experience . 
  all in all , it is very relaxing , and at the same time ( in special when you do the ice-cold immersion-bath right after ) can help you to give your circulation a real kick . 
  you ignore the different genitals around you quite fast , only when you concentrate to ignore them , they will buzz you . 
  but if you grew up going to the sauna , there is really nothing special . 
  i would say no . 
  the greek philosophers were important ( math , science and philosophy were in that time largly the same ) , so they were an important part of the foundation . 
  but that does not mean that they contributed the most overall to science as the speed of development in all these fields accelerated from the ancient times to now drastically . 
  so , while you could have said that maybe in the antique and in the early middle ages , but today , the contribution becomes less and less in comparison to all of science . 
  hm , i think that support for our right-wing-idiots ( party afd ) was reduced after the chaos of these two decisions . 
  1 : do n't know anybody and generally , if someone would say that , there might even reprocussions . 
  when a restaurant owner ( american citicen living in germany ) went to a talk-show supporting trump , it was the end of his restaurant . 
  2 : that was a sentiment that existed during and for a while after the cold war . 
  today , america 's actions in the world are generally seen as to fight for the best interest of america , and if it helps anybody else , than it is a unplanned byproduct . 
  in contrast , the us has actually quite an obligation to work to correct things they messed up ( for example the complete crisis of the middle east ) 3 : okay , that is a hard question . 
  at the moment , nk is doing what they always do , threaten in the hope that they will get goodies because of the threats . 
  it worked often in the past , and why change a working plan ? 
  but , tbh , to try to negotiate with nk is like trying to negotiate with hitler germany . 
  it is useless . 
  4 : marijuana is illegal here ( while there are movements that want to make it legal ) . 
  hemp that has no thc in it is available in products though . 
  5 : nice place to live : at least out of the view as a german : no ; shit together : no ; country worth looking up to : not anymore ; in my view , the us failed to remodernize the social structures . 
  the constitution is basically still a document that shows that it was created in a time when nobody knew how a democratic democracy should look like and how to create a working constitution . 
  the complete democratic changes in the 20th century , in special the catastrophies that changed europeans democracies fundamentally , did n't happen in the us and thus , even with modern technologies , the us is rather outdated . 
  6 : hm , difficult to say as this is not a theme normally discussed outside of special occassions . 
  i would assume that the idea that aliens has to exist is rather common , while the believe they were here probably not . 
  i try to get stuff once a week . 
  only when something runs out unexpected , i can get to the little shop 5 minute from home and buy it . 
  only in exchange for finanical power to the eu where the eu can dicide how the money got from the eurobonds is used . 
  i know it is an unpopular oppinion , but the greek crisis was created for big parts by wrong investments after greece joind the euro . 
  suddenly , the money was cheap and instead of using this money to build up systems for the nation to prosper , it was used to blow up the government in order to get people into employment . 
  but governmental jobs never create money , they cost money . 
  they are important to an amount where they are necessary , but everything above is wasting money . 
  so , i do n't want something like that happen again , where suddenly cheap money is missused . 
  thus , for the money that the eu-nations got through a common liability of all nations , all nations should have a say in how the money is used . 
  world cup and euro cup are the only real reasons you find when germans act `` patriotic '' , waiving flags , making honking car-celebraties on the open streets when germany wins a game . 
  once i came late from university during a world cup game and had to ride home while the game was already on the way . 
  i have n't met a single person on the street between the trainstation and my home for half an hour . 
  so yeah , the nation go nuts , but only for the day as the next day is a working day xd . 
  and no celebration is a reason not to work . 
  i looked up and basically everybody was suprised that our world-cup win did not caused a birthrate jump 9 month later . 
  and no , the trophy does not travel through germany , they had it during the celebration in berlin , but that was the time the public saw it . 
  what becomes very much liked are the new jersey of the national team . 
  with each win , a team is allowed to add one star on the national jersay , so football fands got proudly a jersey with four starts . 
  what is happening here ? 
  i sort for controvercial , and i do n't get trumpeteers that try to throw shit around !, 
  we have to see if everything is okay !, 
  can someone check if the pigs are flying and if it rains donouts ? 
   with good intentions with these peoples , i rarely can see good intentions , normally they are only faked intentions . 
  okay , the last comment really made me laugh . 
  to be honest , the time we discussed the caniabal of rotenburg during criminal law was one of the rare circumstances where the complete lecture hall was on the floor laughing . 
  but that was more due to the way our professor presented this than anything else . 
  he had quite alot of strange manerisms and a weired speech pettern , and than he said that : `` und dann wollte das opfer , dass der t\u00e4ter ihm das ding abschneidet . 
  attempt to translate this :  and than , the victim wanted the culprit to cut off his tool . 
  he expected to experience extasy . 
  as the culprit cut off the dick , this extasy did n't kick in . 
  how could it ? 
  thanks , corrected it . 
  no , have n't seen it . 
  and it is at the moment thus a rather important case as the only surviving member of the nsu , beate zsch\u00e4pe , is about to hear the court-ruling for her case . 
  also , there are quite alot of controversies about survailiance-organisations and how much they could have known / should have known . 
  there were clear contact between confidental informants of our security service and the nsu . 
  ah , yeah , schleyer came into my mind at the halfway-point and i forgot to correct this .
