  so in order to prevent extreme elements getting that much power to abolish the freedoms we have completly , restrictive tailerd restricitons of the freedoms is needed in the first place . 
  art 1 of germany 's basic law  ( 1 ) human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  to respect and protect it shall be the duty of all state authority . 
   ( 2 ) the german people therefore acknowledge inviolable and inalienable human rights as the basis of every community , of peace and of justice in the world . 
   ( 3 ) the following basic rights shall bind the legislature , the executive and the judiciary as directly applicable law . 
  art . 
  2 of the basic law  ( 1 ) every person shall have the right to free development of his personality insofar as he does not violate the rights of others or offend against the constitutional order or the moral law . 
   ( 2 ) every person shall have the right to life and physical integrity . 
  freedom of the person shall be inviolable . 
  these rights may be interfered with only pursuant to a law . 
  if we start to dicide who we give human rights on the basis whom we like or not , it is the time when we are back into facism . 
  well , germany has the human rights codified in the constitution , actually , art . 
  1 to 19 are only about human rights , the complete construction of the nation comes afterwards . 
  and it is seen as unconstititional to lockup a child for more than 10 years , hell , we ca n't even look up anyone under 14 at all . 
  also , even for adults , there have to be special circumstances for someone gets really a lifeimprisonment . 
  a sentence for life means in average 25 years , and there are regular parrol-hearings that will determine if the guilt is lived off . 
  only in the rare circumstances of preventive detention , when someone is really deemed so dangerouse that he can never be let loose on public again , only than a real life imprisonment is allowed , and even than , psychological examinations have to evaluate regularly if the danger-level is still high enough to justify this detention . 
  well , she is 16 , and it is illegal in germany to lock a child up longer than 10 years . 
   murder ( = planned manslaughter ) sorry , but this is just plainly wrong . 
  a not planned manslaughter is a negligent killing . 
  as soon as it is planned , it is either manslaughter or murder . 
  it is murder ( at least after german law ) if you act out of a especially reproachable way ( especially cruel , in a sneaky way etc. ), 
  or especially reproachable intend ( lust , pure joy in killing , to hide a crime , with intend to gain money etc. 
  ehm , basic insult is also punasible with prison . 
  section 185  an insult shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding one year or a fine and , if the insult is committed by means of an assault , with imprisonment not exceeding two years or a fine . 
  in contrast , the law against insulting heads of government  whosoever insults a foreign head of state , or , with respect to his position , a member of a foreign government who is in germany in his official capacity , or a head of a foreign diplomatic mission who is accredited in the federal territory shall be liable to imprisonment not exceeding three years or a fine , in case of a slanderous insult to imprisonment from three months to five years . 
  so , first things first , even when there was a lot of stuff in there , a slanderouse insult is most likly not in question here , since it was clear that he did n't meant it that way , and that nobody in his right mind would think this as true . 
  so `` verleumderisch '' is from the table . 
  and apart from that , there is a maximum of three years of a fine , in contrast to normal insult that has maximum of one year or a fine . 
  both would certainly have been resolved in a fine , prison time is highly unlikly in both cases . 
  well , there is still the basic insult law that b\u00f6hmermann could have violated and that is still in existance . 
  b\u00f6hmermann 's poem was still on the brink of being a schm\u00e4hschrift , so there would have been reports about it even without the insulting of foreign heads of government-law . 
  i did n't know that . 
  i looked it up in the commentary and you are right , only as long as the other nations have an insult-law protecting head of states it is legal to sue, 
  nah , i just learned that trump would never have been protected by the law at all , since only head of states that have similar insult-laws for other heads of states are protected . 
  it is because erdogan remembered us last year that this law still exists . 
  well , most german 's i know have this eerie feelings for quite a while already . 
  it is like the world is going crazy , turkey , hungary , poland and now even the us , the alarm bells are basically permanently ringing . 
   `` facts '' are not so easy to define and can include bias , no human society has had perfect knowledge . 
  everything can count as a fact as long as there are any hints that it might be true . 
  it has not be prooven with certaincy that the thing is true , to be legally problematic , it has to be prooven beyond a reasonable doubt that the fact is false . 
  because of that , as long as there are any evidence that point into the direction that there might be even the slightest reason to believe it is true , the fact is not false . 
  only if the fact is completly made up , no evidence , no proove , not even the slightest hint that there might be a little grain of truth in this `` fact '' , than it can be considered untrue . 
  the burden of proove is what distinguish a distopian nightmare and a working democracy . 
  and by the way , as soon as the courts are stooges for the government , than free speech has no usage anymore . 
  you can see that in turkey for example that had free speech laws , but that were abolished as soon as erdogan had the courts under his controle . 
  legal measures that limit the abilities of the government only work as long as the government still honors the legal process and the seperation of power . 
  so , your argument that a court could become a stooge and therefor there should only be unlimited free speech is rather pointless . 
  if the govenrment honors the courts and the courts provide a due process , freedom of expression is more than sufficient to provide all legal means to live the freedoms of expressing yourself without giving demagogues the means to lie in order to gain influence . 
  if the goverment have the courts under their controle , even free speech law ca n't protect you anymore . 
  and what you are doing is measuring a 200 year old interpretation of freedoms that are bare the test of reality we had here in europe . 
  the us idea of freedom of speech originated by a opressive government already in charge , and by looking how they supressed the people thereby . 
  or course , the counter-reaction to this is to make everything as free as possible , after they were constrained as much as possible . 
  but in europe , we learned the hard way that , within a democracy , this ultimative freedom can have the same opressive nature than the opression these freedoms were consturcted to counteract . 
  these freedoms can lead to the same disaster by empowering people enough to take over controle to ablish the same freedoms , and because of that , freedoms should be restricted just as much as absolutly necessary to make it diffiuclt for abusive elements to missuse the freedoms . 
  so stop juding the european modle by your outdated american freedom-standards . 
  you are one national catastrophy behind europe , one development step behind , to see that extremes are always preventing a real lasting system , both , extrem opression and extrem freedom can be the same , when the freedom includes the freedom to opress others . 
   you can not give a government control over what is true , what can be said on the internet and so on because they will support their own interests and goals . 
  and that is why the government has no say in that , but only the courts that are in germany really indipendent , way more than in the us where the constitional court seats are given by single parties to boost their agenda , or by judges that need hugh funings for their election campaigns . 
  the government has no possibility in diciding which facts are true and which not , and the courts are not allowed to look at the content of what they judge , but only if there is proove or not . 
  and you know what , it works , it works bloody well . 
  germany ranks in the top of free speech and freedom of press , there are no reports of anything else than blunt lies to be sucessfully brought in front of court . 
  and about brexit , if you would follow the brexit campaign and the post-brexit hangover , you will notice that barely anyone made this decision based on true facts , but most were guided by murdocks-media-campaing that were bare any facts . 
  i would n't have a problem with brexit when people would have known what they are voting for , but every new week , every new poll , every new fact that reveiled what the eu is , the opinion on brexit changes little by little , and people start to comment that they did n't know all of that . 
  hell , the first statements of the brexiteers were about taking back 50 % of their promises , backpaddling most of the claims they made . 
   ive also spoken to very reasonable not even anti immigrant germans under threat for things like just sharing pictures of border chaos , and commenting on how we can improve the process not even in a way that was against immigration !, 
  as a german law-student : these people were probably liars , we see them often as `` concerns citicens '' , but i have n't seen one of these people that made this claim that hold up . 
  when they did something , that the picture was either changed , commented with racial discrimantory slurs , or embedded in lies , reports not holding true to any factual checks . 
  there are no lawsuits against just sharing information about the chaos , i saw them on a daily basis on tv and in newspapers , the fact about the border chaos was widly reported . 
  also alternative sollutions , well , i have n't heard anyone getting beef for giving other solutions with the expection of people that proposed shooting people that try to cross the border and that suggested the australian method , but even they did n't face legal problems , but rather public scutiny because they were talked to death by people disaggreeing with them . 
  so , neither from my legal point of view , not from my internet-presence , not from my real experience i see any kind of proove for your claims . 
  ehm , no , that has nothing to do with goebbles . 
  what nazi did was preventing every opinion that differs from their view , and that is exactly what germany is not doing . 
  the laws in germany are nutral to the voiced worldview , the laws just ask you to provide any evidence when you want to boast facts in the world , and if you have enough to give reason to believe that they are true , than you are protected . 
  but first : your claim that , as long as people are free to say what they want , idiots will be shown publicly and will not be able to rise to power , i just want to say two words . 
  trump ; brexit ; so , after this idea of yours have been prooven to be completly dillusional and bare of practical useage and an open door for insane charistmatic despotian idiots to take over a country , here how this works here : the thing is , you can say every fact that you want as long as there is any kind of proove why you believe this should be true , so when you have any kind of reliable source for that , any kind of real hint that is not just taken out of your imagination . 
  if not , than you have no right that these facts should be protected by law , because , in times of mass media and overstimulation of information , it becomes less and less likly to be able to distingish wrong and true facts , in special with the strong component of conformational bias . 
  this way , people can be driven deeper and deeper in insanity , as we have seen with the man that was just inaugurated with the biggest crowed in the world under wonderful sunshine , that never said a word against mexico or the intelligence community  . 
  the necessary protection that you can say what you have to say in order to protect a open democracy is there , you can voice your opinion , you can critice as long as your alligation are not completly made up , you can bring forward facts as long as there is any proove for these facts . 
  these are all methods protected by the constitution and uphold by our courts that give enough tools for the people to participate in a democracy , without having to go the way of lying , manipulating , using inciting language , violating the rights of others . 
  ehm - no - this is a discussion going on for a year due to a peom of b\u00f6hmermann that insulted erdogan who tried to use this law . 
  as someone pointed out above here ( what i did n't knew up to now ) , only foreign leaders of states that also have an equivalent of insult of head of states can use this law at all , so trump would never be able to sue under this law . 
  germany has not free speech , but free expression of opinion , which is an important difference . 
  insults are still outlawed , they just scrapped the special qualification of insult against a head of state for more about the differences of freedom of speech and freedom of expression : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5q3b5w/germany_to_abolish_law_on_insulting_foreign_heads/dcwpzl7/, 
  well , every person on earth still have the opportunity to go for the basic insult law that has the same conditions as the insult of head of steats , just that the insult is than aimed against everyone . 
  the only real difference is that the maximum-sentence differs . 
  so , even head of states have the possibility to sue in germany , and in the case of normal insult , the german government has no say if it is prosecuted or not , that is only for the courts to dicide . 
  first : this law exists since the time of the kaiser , meaning that it predates the nazi 's . 
  the german criminal-law-book is still based on the prussian lawbook of 1871 and was just updated over these 140 years . 
  and honestly , nobody cared about this old law , and since it takes a legislative decision by the parliament to change this law , it only happend now when people remembered that there is this law . 
  and by the way , the nazi-past is exactly why we do n't have free speech , but only the right of free expression of your opinion . 
  what people do not get is that when we legally consider the nazi-past , that we think about how they came to power , not how they abused the power when they were in office . 
  as soon as an extremist government is in place and have the ability to change all these law in order to abolish democracy and human rights , it is too late , than there is only resistance outside of legal means due to demonstrations and subversions , but the courts are at that point most likly in controle of the opressive government . 
  because of that , germany rather looks how the nazi 's came to power , how an irrelevant little party with a silly frontrunner could turn out to be the fundation of a dictatorship , and part of that was free speech that was not properly ( and carefully ) restricted . 
  baseless insults , insane propaganda , blunt lies , blaiming of others for systematic problems , all these and more were the tools the nazi 's used , and , due to the social and politial situation of germany , these tools worked for them . 
  and because of that , germany developed its current law , in which you can voice your opinion in every matter freely . 
  but as soon as you want to discuss facts , you should have better a reason to boast these facts , because facts are not opinions and thereby not protected like opinions . 
  here , the german government has the right to intervene with false facts , with facts that are not possible to be prooven , or even with facts that can be easily disprooven . 
  same with insults , as long as they do n't attack something the person has obviously done , because insults violate the rights of others . 
  you know , we had someone who was a unimportant noone that used his voice and his influential personality to rise to the top , by spreading lies , by insulting , by bullying , by hateing .
