  it is happening all over the world , not only in europe , but in the us as well . 
  as soon as companies start to have monopolys , they have to be regulated to not distort the market . 
  it is just that google and facebook have both one of the biggest monopolys in their area , so it is just natural that they will be regulated . 
  they are nothing special in this regard . 
  the people that bear this form of hatred wo n't join any party because they deny the democratic system we are living in totally ( or at least would never join any of the big parties ) . 
  but despite what some people believe there are moderate muslims that do n't hate christians and just want to live peacefully with everyone else . 
  and the cdu is not really a christian party , but rather a conservative party . 
  the c is rather historical than an actual immage of their party , so i see no problem with people from all religions joining them , as long as they share the political ideas of this party . 
  the german education was not anymore shitty than any other . 
  the reason why people were falling for this propaganda was the desperate situation of that time , mass-unemployment , mass-poverty due to the black-friday and massinflation , cripling war reperations , a war-guilt dumped on germany to justify these reperations - the list goes on why germany was basically in a sitution were people were open for propaganda . 
  and that was and is the problem . 
  the more desperate and difficult the situation of a person is , the more they are open for propaganda . 
  the muslim dropouts are more likly to go to radical islamists , dropouts of germans are more likly to go to nazi 's , dropout radical americans join the kkk , and so on . 
  bad education makes it just more likly that people will get into such a situation , but there are so many more reasons . 
  they will prosecuted under this law as well , just look at the al-nur-mosque of which the imam faces charges becuase of incitment of masses . 
  it is the same law as the law against bachmann , because both did basically the same thing , just one for muslims , the other for nazi 's, 
  okay , well , to be fair , i would prefer to prevent more terror-attacks like in paris or bruessels , or burning refugee-homes all over germany , so i am in favor to go to the source of the problem , the people that willingly lead the criminals to the mindset to do crimes . 
  it is the question where to fight such anarchistic movements , either on the people that actually lead the movement with words , or the little people that just make their hands dirty . 
  for my part , i think the guilt of the people willingly participating in creating the mindset is just as high ( in my opinion even higher ) as the one that finally enact this hatred . 
  i think this way , more lifes can be safed and , to be honest , in soceties without these rules , this society might eventually fall into the same trap as germany in the 1930 's . 
  but i think we are here on different books . 
  well , just as i think you are narrow-minded that you ca n't see that freedoms are only as long possible as the freedoms does not get missused . 
  and that you are in denial about the prooven dangers of hate-speech beyond crude calls for direct crimes , but that the people that really do harm are the one that can influence the minds of people in order to make them deicde on their own to do crimes . 
  so , my question to you : you see a video of an imam in a mosque of your hometown . 
  he is saying that people that do not believe in allah are inhumans , are insects , are not worth to be on this earth , but he does not say anything about they should be killed , just how unworthy they are in their plain existence . 
  and than the camera goes into his audiance and you see the aggitated faces of extremists muslims , and you can basically see how they long to slain their enemies . 
  even when you prosecute his audiance when they commit crime ( or even just in their preperations ) , do you really want to let the imam go the next day into the same mosque , preaching the same words to the next bunch of people ? 
  i say no , i think this very person has to be prosecuted just as much as the people he influenced . 
  but it seems , you have another opinion . 
  he did it on a private forum of neo-nazi 's that just wanted to aggitat themselves to do shit like burning refugee-homes and such nonsense . 
  in special such forums where likeminded hater come together to strengthen their beliefes is what causes the insanity leading to violence . 
  so , nobody could have been offended by this texts , and to offend someone is not a crime . 
  but to write or say something in the purpose to influence someone to have more hatred that will lead to violence , yes , that is a crime . 
  there are very rare case of real self-radicalization . 
  if people are radicalized , they start to go to special forums where they can read what they might think is true , see more evidence for it to be true , see a group that supports them , lead them to more and more extreme world-views until you have from someone who is not only dissatisfied anymore , but ready to burn down houses or do even worse crimes . 
  and there are people , like bachmann , who purposly create such forums to give radicalize people . 
  it is the same with imames who sent people into the war in syria without even laying one hand on a gun , they weaponize people by spreading hatred , and that is something that has to be forbidden !, 
  i think it is even more unsettling that you ca n't argue against these `` excuses '' but rather try to aggitate yourself over reasonable explanations for this kind of law . 
  in special with a german law-student who really believes in the constitution and it 's way to balance the interests to archieve the maximum of freedom for everyone instead of giving just everyone some total freedoms that can be used to supress other 's , 
  the problem with the muslims is the question of proofe , because they do it in spaces the government do n't notice them . 
  when it is noticed , it is prosecuted under the same law . 
  there were prosecutions against the al-nur-mosque and it lead that it got forbidden . 
  it is just that , if mosque 's are prosecuted for spreading hatred , it does not end on reddit , but if an nazi does it , everyone is aggiteted , and than you miss that the law is not used to enforce one state-opinion , but rather to prevent incitement . 
  yes , it is rediculouse that a minority in a state participate in politics . 
  unthinkable that minorities should also have a political representation in all parties , it would end in religiouse freedom and a true democracy !, 
  in which way ? 
  this law exists since the formation of germany after wwii and it was used several times to prevent people calling for extremist actions , against nazi 's as well as , for example , muslims who call for the distruction of the christian world . 
  it is part of a protective democracy that basically allows everything with the one exeption to destroy the free democratic society itself . 
  first of all , it is monetary punishment or up to 5 years in prison . 
  you have to do a lot of shit before it starts to become prison-time . 
  also , it is not about politically correctness . 
  the criminal offence is to incite hatred . 
  so , if you say that a refugee in the face , just you and him , it is not incitement of hatred ( just slander ) , even when you do it in a public sphere where nobody is around to take your stance . 
  but if you do it in a forum where you know people are open for your suggestion , are willingly to suck everything up to fuel their believes , to help their minds to go to action , than it is incitment . 
  and that is what he did . 
  i think that people can have weak times , and the more desperate the situation is , the more they are open for stupid ideas . 
  some stupid ideas like protesting for stupid things are okay , others like burning refugee homes or actually hurting people are not . 
  and it often really depends on whom these people in their weak moments have contact to that decides what they will do . 
  people do n't understand what the german approach for free speech is in contrast to the us-one . 
  the us comes from a time where the english empire used their power to supress everything , so the reaction was to create complete freedom to prevent something like that . 
  in germany , absolute free speech was missued to justify in the public to basically do everything that happend during wwii . 
  hitler did not took over germany just by one law in 1933 , but what he did was using propaganda to slowly creep into the minds of people , make them believe that jews , gays , romas and basically everything eastern european does not deserve anything , that they should be avoided and basically did the groundwork for the crimes he later on comitted . 
  there are always people in depserate situations that are open for any kind of influence that just promise them that everything will be better for them , that gives a group to blame for their problems and to hate and to fight . 
  he painted in special the jews as traitors who caused the loose of wwi , he showed them as greedy inhuman beings by using as much hatespeech as possible . 
  this teached germany that free speech is on the one hand necessary for a free nation , but that unrestricted free spreech can lead just as much to supression and might become to the poisen the free speech wants to cure in the first place . 
  therefor thight rules were created to restrict free speech , and that is hate speech . 
  another example for hate speech are at the moment the imame in some mosque that preach to go to the isis and slaughter innocents in the name of allah . 
  the man that stands in front of suggestible people , warp their mind , sent them into syria , make them kill people . 
  and the imam stays in germany , get the next bunch of suggestible people , makes the same and like this , we have a staddy flow of murderer committing crimes . 
  the only way to stop this is to go against the imam that missueses the suggestible people as weapons to kill , because at that point , even when these direct murderers are also guilty as hell , they were still used by this imam . 
  but hitler never won even one election , he took over germany from a minority in the parliament . 
  it makes sense in regard that the satire that were deneid prosecution were clearly protected by freedom of speech , something that is questionable in regard of the poem of b\u00f6hmermann . 
  schm\u00e4hkritik , a form of expression solely created to insult and diminish a person without making any real discussion about the person , is not protected by free speech . 
  b\u00f6hmermann 's poem was on the borderline of this form of expression , so it might be legal , it might be illegal . 
  because of this borderline , merkel was not able to protect b\u00f6hmermann , in contrast to the other commidians . 
  it makes sense in regard that the satire that were deneid prosecution were clearly protected by freedom of speech , something that is questionable in regard of the poem of b\u00f6hmermann . 
  schm\u00e4hkritik , a form of expression solely created to insult and diminish a person without making any real discussion about the person , is not protected by free speech . 
  b\u00f6hmermann 's poem was on the borderline of this form of expression , so it might be legal , it might be illegal . 
  because of this borderline , merkel was not able to protect b\u00f6hmermann , in contrast to the other commidians . 
  yes , \u00a7 185 was broken . 
  \u00a7 103 is just optional and needs the agreement by the government , but \u00a7 185 ( for which erdogan also asked for prosecution in the case that merkel did n't allow a prosecution of \u00a7 103 ) was broken as well , and this has to go to the courts . 
  the only question the government could decide is if the trial had the headline '' \u00a7 103 stgb '' or '' \u00a7 185 stgb '' plese , inform yourself about the situation before you make baseless claims that just proove your unkowing instead of your point . 
  also , germany can only demand more democracy in another nation as long as they floow their own rules . 
  if not , they would become a banana republic like turkey . 
  for me , the poem is the more intersting part , because i am quite sure , a professional `` entertainer '' as b\u00f6hmermann knew what would be repeated over and over again . 
  and that is not the context , but the poem . 
  that is how the media works and i am quite sure he knew that very well . 
  he wanted to provoke , and he got what he wanted . 
  edit : spelling, 
  and that was what he did , at the same time as he asked for prosecution after 103 . 
   first , the guys actions are only against the law if the executives says they are . 
  it 's completely up to her if he did anything wrong and her cabinet disagreed and she still pushed it through . 
  now the guy has to get dragged through the courts and hope they decide dragging him through the courts violated his constitutional rights . 
  it 's a horrible thing to inflict upon someone even if they 're ultimately exonerated . 
  no no no no no no no . 
  b\u00f6hmerman violated two laws , \u00a7 103 ( slander against a representative of a foreign nation ) and \u00a7 185 ( normal slander ) . 
  erdogan demanded prosecution of both laws , and the german government had only the right to decide upon \u00a7 103 , because there is a special clause just for this law that the government can decide if a person can be prosecuted because of it . 
  the prosecution of \u00a7 185 will end in front of the courts , no matter if merkel agreed or not . 
  so , it was not to her to prevent the prosecution in total , just under which law it will happen . 
  and erdogan did n't violate the german rights , b\u00f6hmermann could have done it by creatinga schm\u00e4hkritik , a form of expression the constitutional court ruled several time as not protected by free speech .
