  just take greece for example . 
  greece was , before joining the eu and in special the euro , generally rather bad in handling their finances ( if i remember correctly , they had 6 bancrupcies in the last 100 years ) . 
  when they got the euro that gave them the power to leand money easily , apart from the money they got from the eu for free , what they did was going on a spending-spree , not to develope their infrastructure , not to set incentives for business to come , not for anything lasting , but rather by creating more and more governmental jobs . 
  when in an economy , the best payed jobs are govermental-jobs , you have a big problem . 
  this only stopped somewhat when the system greece used to finance this all collapsed . 
  so , if we have eurobonds , we need to centralize the fiscal power of the nations more as well , taking one of the most fundamental parts of national sovereignities away . 
  to anything else could states like germany never agree upon since it is hard to explain the german voter why they should warrent with their stable economy for this kind of spending by other nations . 
  therefor there would be more and more safeguards necessary that would make sure that the poorer nations actually use the eurobonds to create effective governmental strucutres and infrastructure instead of giving out goodies to the voters . 
  only that mack pomm has basically the or is among the lowest rate of immigrants of all of germany . 
  people that actually know more immigrants ( or refugees ) are normally more against afd and similar parties as someone who have just their prejudices about them . 
  well , this area is one of the most right-winged of germany . 
  that afd wins has basically the same value as trump winning in texas . 
  is it bad ? 
  sure . 
  is it the sign of collaps , not really . 
  edit : agree with u/fforw , texas is a bad comparrioson , mississipi or louisiana are better . 
  well , there is the legend that bismarck said once that he wanted to be burried in mack-pomm since everything happens there 70 years later than everywhere else ... 
  for me , there is quite a big difference between the appeasement-policy of the 1930 's and what is happening now . 
  back than , it was rather suaviter in modo , suvaiter in res ( gentle in manner , gentle in deed ) . 
  they basically not only tried to recognize the diplomatic way of talking , but rather to please him . 
  we would do that if we give turkey the visa-deal or something of that magnitude . 
  also it would have been the same if spiegel reportet correctly and merkel would have stepped away from the armenian-decision , or if we would start to hunt down g\u00fcllem-follower here . 
  but what happend : we did n't gave in to erdogan 's demands to do any of that , it was rather criticised how erdogan acts within his own nation . 
  to be honest , the day she really backs away from erdogan , overthrowing the souveranity , for example by distancing herself , that would be the day i really start to get problems with her , and that is also the day she really would loose her support here . 
  just because people gave into hitler 's actions in the 1930 's does not mean that we have to do the complete opposit today , that would n't lead to any better results , just give erdogan more fuel for his anit-eu and anti-christians narrative . 
  but to keep the political cool without sacrivice your own principles , that is what have to be done , and that includes to have `` constructive talks '' with someone like erdogan . 
  well , when the uk leaves with a bad deal , these japanese car-manufacturers would have to do just one calculation : if the uk leaves and gets a bad deal , this will be the status quo at least for a decade , if not for much longer . 
  this will increase their costs therefor permanently to a quite substantial amount . 
  now , what is more cheap : to swallow the pill of one single big investment to rebuild the plants in continental europe or to stay and swallow a smaller amount of poison for the rest of your life ? 
  personally , i am quite sure that these plants would be rebuild in continental europe , it would costs one time a hell lot of money , but afterwards , you are rid of the problem . 
  just a random hitler-reference ? 
  really ? 
  without giving examples to create any kind of comparison how the international community acted against hitler and how the international community acts now against erdogan ? 
  i agree that ergoan has quite some facist characteristics , but that does not makes your comment in any form valid . 
  really ? 
  just because she did n't took a sword and drove it through erdogan 's heart she is now the bad guy for having a talk with him ? 
  i am so glad that the typical rage-blinded idiocy of these forums like this are not what governs the diplomatic relations . 
  yes , erdogan is an asshole , but if we stop talk to the asshole , he just goes more rampage . 
  i recently heard a wonderful quote : diplomacy is to pet and stroke a biting dog as long as he starts to follow your command . 
  that basically means that you do n't kick the other party in diplomacy ( in general ) because that would only harden the fronts , it would make everything even more difficult and in special with a maniac like erdogan , it would mean that he would just go deeper in his paranoya . 
  another important quote here : suaviter in modo , fortiter in res . 
  gently in manner , strong in deed . 
  just because you do n't curse your opponent does not mean you are weak in your cause . 
  to insult or diminish another party , in special in such cases , are actions of the weak and stupid . 
  if you want to archieve something , you need the temper to gulp down a few insults to archieve what you want . 
  yeah - just support an extrmisit party just to stick it up the established parties , i ca n't see how that could get wrong / s honestly , i do n't get protest voters , that is basically casting out the devil with beelzebub , just that beelzebub is a a hundretfold worse than the devil could ever become . 
  in germany , we ( which i mean law-students ) learn for years in university that any kind of subsidies ( hidden one due to tax-deales included ) that were given against eu-law will be demanded back , no matter what . 
  that was the case for vw in 2003 , that is for apple today . 
  it is part of the idea of the `` effet utile '' ( the most used way to interpret all international treaties ) , meaning the most effective way to act out the eu-competition-law . 
  if the state grands unlawfully any kind of subsidie they should n't give out , the competetive environment can only be restored by demanding the money back . 
  for me , europe is a community to work together and to uphold the european values , as they are codified in the ecmr and the amendmend of its further protocols . 
  for me , in special the commitment to these fundamental rights makes us special , as well as the attempt to work and act as a common community instead of persuing nationalistic indipendence is what is european ( what does not mean that it works perfectly and that there are no problems / powers that try to work against this community-thinking ), 
  i do n't think that anyone feels european over their own nationality , but side by side to it . 
  i feel german and european at the same time , these two concepts are nonexclusive . 
  [ source ] ( http://indy100.independent.co.uk/article/this-terrifying-rupert-murdoch-quote-is-possibly-the-best-reason-to-stay-in-the-eu-yet--wymafte890x ) the eccat quote is  i once asked rupert murdoch why he was so opposed to the european union . 
  ` that 's easy , ' he replied . 
  ` when i go into downing street they do what i say ; when i go to brussels they take no notice . 
  vw got slammed by the eu in 2003 , agreed , only 120 million $ i think . 
  apart from that ruling , what kind of unfair competitive advantage are you talking about ? 
  edit : maybe i got an idea what you are referring at , it is just so out of context that i have n't considered it first : the fine in the us was about vw cheating the test-measures . 
  these kind of eu-copmetition-stuff is rather when the state activly gives a company money , either by subsidies or by hidden subsidies ( for example favoring tax-deals ) . 
  it is not aimed that every state has to consider a uncheatable testing-method , in special when this testing-method is ( or was ) internationally accepted . 
   not only is the european commission interpreting the law in a very novel way , it is doing so retroactively . 
  again , in prior cases , the eu recognized the legitimate expectations of the company to rely on the law as it had then existed , and did not require retroactive payments . 
  in special this part is against everything that i ever learned about monitary benefits getting out of eu-violating state-actions . 
  the german law is in general that the state can demand money back retroactivly that was given out illegaly . 
  the exeption is when the person receiving the money either spent it already or did investments trusting of the legitamity of the payment . 
  this exeption only applies though as long as the receiver is worth of protection ( meaning that he did n't already knew about the illigality when he spent the money ) and there are no higher interest at stake . 
  the one major rule that we learned about these `` higher interest at stake '' is that it is always the case if it is a violation of eu-law . 
  this is part of the effet util of the interpretation of eu-law , meaning that , when the state tried to rig the competition by illegaly giving money to companies , that the only way to reinstall legal competition is by retroactivly gettting every cent out of these companies again . 
  therefor , i would be rather suprised to the change of policy if the eu would n't force apple to pay everything retroactivly . 
  so , what are the arguments when they are so strong ? 
  i am sure you can name these without problems than . 
  the fact that only certain indivudals get a exception in their taxes , even to an extend that it is allowed to funnel most of the profits into a stateless super-entity where it has to pay no taxes , so that only a tiny part of the total revenue has to be taxed at all , and in special that these exeption were not made in a general law ( which would apply to a specified , but in its concrent extent unclear plurality of companies ) , but rather is tailored to fit apple 's needs within an administrative act ( which had only effect to one single entity ) , these are pretty strong indications that there is a violation of a hidden subsidy . 
  what we learn is that , when a company gets subsidies against the eu law , it will have to be payed back , and that retroactivly . 
  these tax-scheme by irland and apple were hidden subsidies that are against eu-competition-law . 
  so , even when we do n't law the exact part of the competition-law-problem , we learn that all money that violates these rules will be retroactivly be collected , and it does not take a legal geniouse to figure out that apple violated these rules when only paying 0,005 % taxes . 
  the rules of eu-competition is in place for quite a long time , and apple had to know that , and it had to know that what they got was a hidden subsidy . 
  either their lawyers only are specialist in copyright law to sue everything with the world apple in it , or they employed maybe one or two tax-lawyers with european experience . 
  if the latter , what was most likly the case , they knew that they were walking on thin ice , just thought `` i am to big , the eu will never come after me ! '' . 
  than , it is honestly their own fault if they are not prepared . 
  second : the eu is a giant market that international companies ca n't affort to ignore , even when it means they have to pay more taxes . 
  agreed , they will do everything to use and loophole , and the eu will do their best to fill every loophole they can find and than punish the company if they have a legal basis for it . 
  but the idea that apple , or any other of the big international companies would n't come here anymore is just blantly illusional . 
  therfor , i ca n't see how we might be able to get more crappy products . 
  and about the higher prices , well , that will actually work not only for us , but all around the place . 
  apple used irland to funnel a lot of us-money also to this no-state-international-headquater , letting the us also sit on their tax-bill . 
  legal basis was given my other redditors , so i will not go into that . 
  what i want to say is that , at least in germany , every law-student learns this . 
  if you remember one thing of eu-law , than it is exactly this bit of information since they hammer it in our minds . 
  so , if apple might have employed anyone that finished university in the last , i do n't know , maybe 20 years , they would know that there is no stat-aid possible against eu-law , and if you want to do something like that , you better check first the eu-rules before doing anything . 
   the not-so-normal part is , that the governments/courts often deliberately do n't make legally binding statements about specific situations , so that they can always interpret the law in their favor . 
  no , courts make legally unbinding statements since we have civil law , not common law . 
  within the common law , rulings of courts are binding , which gives them a hell lot of power . 
  and it is actually good that courts in a civil-law-nation ca n't make that binding decisions ( the amoung of binding-power depends on the nation ) since it allows the court , whos 's job it is to evaluate each specific case , to make adequat interpretations for every case . 
  did you ever try to create a juristic definition ? 
  you can bet that , no matter how much you try it , you will never be able to find a wording that does not create unjustified outcomes . 
  let 's give me an example . 
  german law provides that , to be a murderer , you have to kill someone in specific ways . 
  one was is to kill by deviouse means .
