  spd/linke is very unlikly , for that , the linke has just to much of a bad reputation . 
  and in special because the linke looses all the protest-voters to the afd , this becomes even less likly . 
  cdu/afd is also impossible . 
  so , even the few possibilities that the cdu/spd coalition might end will be undermined by the afd edit : did n't read the post of op perfectly before . 
  where the hell did the great coalition influenced the judiciary system ? 
  and sorry , but if you look at the german media-landscape it is pretty clear that they do n't have so much influence on the media as well . 
  and private companies , only because they ask them to take in some refugees to work there . 
  first , that is their duty under the refugee-treaty that germany ( as most of the rest of the world ) is part of for 50 years , it is also pretty normal that the government get into contact with privat companies to solve some problems these companies could help with . 
  yeah , it would just be great if their approach would actually be in consistence with the constitution and the general human rights . 
  i do n't say that the work of the other parties is really good , in special if some guys ( seehofer and s\u00f6der in special , but gabriel as well ) would stop throwing tantrums and act like they were in the opposition , but instead all of them would actually work for a solution of the problems at hand , we would soon have solved this complete mess . 
  the thing that actaully hurt the current political situation is the feud that is beteen all the parties and even fractions of these parties against each other . 
  give please a ( reliable ) source for this argument . 
  the first article i can find of a reliable source is spiegel , but it is in german and from january after which , of 1000 attacks on refugee homes , 900 were right-winged . 
  i agree with you . 
  sadly that deconstructing her arguments hardly work with the people that vote for her . 
  people do not vote for the afd because of their arguments , but rather because of protest . 
  i doubt that that many people are so stupid as to read the political agenda of the afd and thinks `` yep , that is a good idea . '', 
  on the other side , setting her car on fire does not help either . 
  yeah , that would be perfect , but the truth is that for most companies it is dangerouse to go the green way since it either costs more , or `` bio '' is a synoym of expensive and often not-as-good . 
  also , the change in society takes a long time and is also rather unsteady . 
  people like to do some things that make them feel better , but in the end , if they have to really change their behaviour out of their own motivation , that takes often generations to archieve . 
  therfor is the centralised approach the only one that could create real results since the companies will act when they have to and the consumer , when he just do n't get certain things anymore , will have to change as well . 
  actually , i saw reports about a berlin church that a lot of people converting visit and , before the priest let them convert , he do bible-studdies with him , and he says a big part of these that converted come back regularly afterwards , attending the mass . 
  it depends . 
  if these people come from nations with religiouse law , than converting might be an actual crime . 
  in syria , as far as i know , on the contrary , this was actually not the case , assat was seen as the protector of the christians , that is why a lot of syrian christians actually are still loyal to assat . 
  in the end , the question there is , who will win , who will loose . 
  if a religiouse party will win , than the fact that they became christians would be a reason to stay here . 
  but that is also when the winning regime demonize opposing other islmaic faith ( shiits or sunits ) and threaten to kill people of the other faith ( as it happens at the moment ) . 
  so , some do this really because they want a better reason to stay here , but others do it because the christian nations were actually the one helping them while the muslim ones are either slaughtering each other ot , in the case of saudi arabia , does not let people in despite the one they make to working-slaves . 
   and i 'm in no mood of having 1940 situations in my lifetime . 
  you understand that the last war ended 71 years ago , and that not only germany , but all of europe changed since than , created a system of lasting peace where no such thing as another inner-european war is even considerd of happening in the forseeable future . 
  the only thing that might cause an armed conflict are attacks from the outside ( russia for example ) . 
  actually , an european army would be a further step away from that ever happen again . 
  but since your mind seems to be stuck in 1940 , it has no use to discuss anything with you . 
  agree with that , but actually , it would be even less likly that we would become military assholes outside of the eu when we have an eu army since it would need a majority-vote of the eu , and it is way harder to convince all of the eu to go into a foreign nation each indipednent nation ( as you could see during the iraq-war where , for example , germany , among others ( but since i am german i do n't know exactly which other ) , denied any help ) . 
   militarily occupied and here we see the mindset , as if the eu was a manacing foreign power , not an army that belongs to all of the eu at once . 
  what use has a national army other than to defend yourself from the other parts of this union ? 
  where is the use else than to either invade other nations or expecting to be invaded , and that is basically the opposit of what the eu stands for . 
  the eu is the end of military conflicts to gain land within the eu , but rather to bind our economies togethher to improve ourself , but also to make it more harmful to fight each other than to stay peaceful . 
  so , for threaths from outside of the eu , a union army would be more useful , it would be cheaper , it would help the border nation that are actually among the poorest of our union , but that has to carry the biggest burden of defending the borders . 
  yeah - because the assholes of the world decide not to act against europe ( and america ) because of the kindness of their hearts and not because waging war against nato is basically a harakiri-mission . 
  as long as the military power is there to make an attack against us undesirable , the long the peace will last . 
  and due to that , i am actually quite worried about the state of some militaries in europe ( the german for example ) . 
  an eu-army would be quite helpful in this regard . 
  basically , as long as the one has the red button in their hands that actually do n't like to wage war , but just want to keep peace with the nations surrounding them , everything is fine . 
  ( and that is actually why i think we in europe should build our arsenal a little bit up so that we are not that dependend on the us anymore ), 
  then i pray for the uk that the suicide rates will not rise as in greece when the crisis hit them . 
  this idea `` uk makes now so much money , we do n't need the eu '' is so mindboggling stupid since it completly misses the fact that the uk makes so much money due to the single market . 
  without the single market , the pharma industry will leave the uk since they are there for the access to the single market . 
  same for banks that want to trade eu papers . 
  every non-british car-industry ( and the `` british '' car-industry as well which are mostly owned by germans ) will have to make the calculation if they want to pay forever tarrifs for importing eu-components into the uk and than pay tarrifs to ship the cars from the uk to the eu , or if they make this one big investment to move their plants back into the single market ( very likly ) . 
  every eu-headquater in the uk will have to leave without the single market . 
  when the brexit from the signle market is done , the uk has lost a lot of its income . 
  in the end , the uk is more dependend on the single market than the single market is of the uk . 
  it works this way if you leave the eu , but not the single market  . 
  and since the uk basically promises stuff that is only possible under the single market ( among others , passporting ) they will have to face the truth that they will not be able to keep good things that come along with the single market without paying for it by continuing to follow the eu-rules . 
  yeah , but the single market is bigger than the uk , that is why the world ( or at least every nation that the uk actually thought of making a free trade agreement with ) already announced that they will rather negotiate with the eu before they even think about the uk . 
  basically , the uk-economy is not worth the negotiators to discuss with them as long as the big markets , as the eu , are not bound with free trade-agreements . 
  thanks :d, 
  but you miss that we are talking about political negotiations . 
  there are certain rules within these . 
  yes , you start here as well with outrageouse demands , but you do this behind closed doors where the public does not hear these rather insane demands . 
  this rule applies since people will not start to believe that you could actually archieve such a demand if it is not publically announced and you actually have the possibility to let the other side `` talk you out of it '' . 
  but if you publically announce a red line , than the politician will face problems when he fails to archieve these . 
  it becomes basically impossible to take these red lines back without risiking your career . 
  by publically anounce these red lines that are basically unarchievable , these politicians put themselfs in a situation where they will loose their domestic base if they fail to deliver . 
  because of that , it is so imensly stupid to make such comments publically . 
  edit : rememberd the english phrase red line wrongy as red tape . 
  yeah , because mind reader are the only possibility to investigate such claims - . - . 
  prosecuter are not that stupid that they ca n't read out of the situation . 
  no , she got fined because she did it out of the wrong reason . 
  the act of hairdressing is nothing that provides a reason do deny muslim woman the service . 
  in special since this woman was actually norweigen that just converted to islam , so there was no factual reason other than `` i do n't like this muslim symbol of her '' . 
  if she said it another way , it would just be harder to proove that she did it out of an illegal reason . 
  and that is just the stupid generalization that make people believe that we are pc-stupid . 
  if you would read the law and the actual use of it , it say that you can deny everybody as long as you have a valid reason , and your personal feelings towards someone has nothing to do with a valid reason . 
  what have to be done is to look at the nature of the business and than to decide if it is essential to the nature of the business to deny that or not . 
  for example , if you go to a christian nursing home , you can deny muslims to become employees there ( that happens actually quite regularly ) since a lot of the old people would be scared and since they are not in a state anymore where you can tell the old folk that there is no problem , there is no way to change it . 
  because of that , a discrimination against muslims is possible . 
  on the other hand , a hallal-butchery that decides not to serve christians would be a violation of the law . 
  there is no reason why a shopt that produces hallal-food ca n't serve christians as well since they do n't change anything at the products they sell ( you , as customer , ca n't demand non-hallal-food there though ) . 
  a gay-bar can make woman leave just as a lesbian bar men . 
  it is just not in the nature of a hair-dresser that explains why she ca n't serve a muslim woman . 
  the only reason she had was `` i do n't like muslim woman in headscarfs '' which is not a valid reason . 
  from the perspective of a law-student ( not from norway , but germany has its equality act on the same eu-law-basis as norway , so i hope that these rules are similary handled ) : i have no clue , but if the justice system has any worth , than the fine would n't happend . 
  the equality acts only provide punishments in cases where there is no valid reason to deny somone the service . 
  to deny a woman a service just because she wears a headscarf is an invalid reason . 
  to deny her the service because the muslim demands to be styled without men around is a valid reason because the religiouse freedom of the muslim is no reason to make other 's leave . 
  so , either the ruling were really strange , or this is completly made up , and since it seems nobody else heard about it , i really doubt that she demanded the men to leave . 
  i read that she was fined , and i am okay with that . 
  that is why i write here why i am okay with that and why this rule is in place . 
  i just answered why it is useful to have these rules in place , and that was because the denying of service prooved to be quite effectful to discriminate , and yes , that we ( and i am a german , so i can say without problems `` we '' ) missused this in the past , just as several other nations did it during their dark times of their history . 
   then it is genetical and can be `` cured '' ? 
  are you speaking about gender or gender identity or sexuality , that are widly different themes . 
  gender is with if you are male or female , gender identity about if your mind tells you if you are male and female ( which is in most cases the same with gender , but not always ) and sexuality is about what you are attract to . 
  you only spoke about gender , and gender is a definitive state . 
  i am not sure where the confusion of gender identity comes from , if you are really born like that , or if it is a psychological issue , or if it is a mixture of both that , depending who we are talking to , has the one reason or another . 
  i do n't know and i do n't care . 
  if the person , after enough medial and psychological investigation is deemd as fitting for a gender-change , it is not my deal .
