  so , freedom of religion has a greater protection as the freedom of expression . 
  whereas you can deny service due to the freedom of expression , you ca n't deny service against the freedom of religion . 
   the bussiness was not state owned and thus the state did , in no way , infringe on that person 's religious freedom which is what that document references . 
  yes , the company was not state owned , but that does not free them from respecting the rights of these people . 
  companies , even hairdresser , have a greater position in society than normal humans and therefor a heavier burden to carry for the public society . 
  if only state-companies would have to oblige to human rights , than we would be quite fucked up . 
  that is the reason why the states imposed , in order to grant the human rights to its people , the duty to honor these rights to the companies as well , by using the equality act ( which are , actually , european law , so each state is bound to have them ) . 
  because of that , every private company has to honor these rights just as every state company would have to . 
   that 's what i said . 
  re-read what i wrote . 
  i said no western nation has such laws ( as they would indeed infridge on religious freedom ) . 
  really missread that . 
  but the duty of a state does not end to not target people with laws , but also protect them within their society with laws , just as the equality act is one . 
  without any kind of protection , for example to force companies to serve any kind of religion ( or race or sex ) , without a good reason not to do ( for example , you can disciminate against woman when you have a gay swinger-club ) . 
  and just because you do n't like the signs of this foreign religion is not a valid reason to deny services under the equality acts . 
   the hijab is not a religious garb but a cultural arabian garb that has been impossed as part of the islamist rise in the 60s . 
  the hijab is a declaration that you do not wish to integrate in society by pointing yourself out and directly stating that your primary trait is your religion in a country where secularism is the law . 
   your friend and you should be ashamed for promoting such garb . 
  it 's utterly disgraceful . 
  i am personally not a fan of headscarfs either , but , they are still acceptable , when we start to talk about full-face vails , than i think there should be a ban to wear face covering ( that , by the way , should also include any other kind of face covering since i think that is a valid reason ) . 
  but my personal opinion to headscarfs are not a matter here . 
  just because the headscarfs are not explicitly mentioned in the scripture does not mean that it is not a religiouse tradition , which makes it a part of the religion . 
  the headscarf is a consense between these religiouse traditions and the western culture ( actually , before the muslims started to wear them and it bacme their symobl , a lot of woman here wore headscarfs as well . 
  actually , my mom is quite frustrated that she ca n't wear them anymore since some people seemd to thins she might have converted to islam when she wore them last time ) . 
  if they want to do this out of a religiouse feeling , it is not upon me to demand a change , it is something they have to know , and neither a company , nor anyone else is entitled to question that ( as long as it is from the free will of the woman , if not , they should be helped to get out of the relationship where she is forced to wear it so that she can decide it for herself ), 
   by wearing the headscarf she is publicly showing support to totalitarian political organization . 
  when islam loses this political part of itself then it will become just a religion . 
  actually , there are a lot of moderate muslims wearing headscarfs as well . 
  i know at least some in university , one if a friend of mine , she is open and friendly , she studies law with me , is interested , we met outside of the university alone , we went to eat lunch in the cafiteria together , there was no sign of opression . 
  what i want to say is not that the headscarf is not used by some to supress woman , but this generalization is just not true since for a lot of woman , even the one that life mostly open and freely , this is a religiouse duty they want to comply . 
  and no religion is truely unpolitical , ask the pope about that who has a position recognize as entity under international law . 
  as you ca n't say that you do n't want to serve muslims for wearing headscarfs since it is a sign of opression , you ca n't deny katholics service since they wear a cross , a sign of opression against woman alike , also of bribery and corruption and organized criminality ( look at the bank of vatican or the systematical abuse of children ) . 
  swastika is another thing since it is not a symbol of a higher entity ( unless you are speaking about the origins of that symbol that were actually religiouse , but if you wear a swastika as you discribed , than the situation would make it pretty clear that is is not there for the religiouse meaning ) . 
  religion is recognized as worth of protection ( as long as it does not limit the freedoms of others ) , such political views like nazisim not . 
  but you are born lgbt , and so you have the right to show it openly . 
  freedom of religion is recognized by the state , and so it is your right to show your religion openly . 
  to deny services on the pure basis that these people want to show openly what is their right to show is something that goes against the human rights , something you actually have to honor , even as private company , since , as a company , you have a greater influence on the general public than as normal citicen , and therfor your burden to comply to these societal standarts is higher . 
  insofar , it is the right of gays to show their gayness to the world . 
  and as long as their request does not violate plublic morals ( for example by demanding an explicit cake that showes two gays doing it , and that from a normal backery ; i think in the us they have specialized backerys for that ) , the shop has to comply . 
   [ source needed ] aricle 9 of the echr :  1 . 
  everyone has the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion ; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief and freedom , either alone or in community with others and in public or private , to manifest his religion or belief , in worship , teaching , practice and observance . 
  freedom to manifest one 's religion or beliefs shall be subject only to such limitations as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society in the interests of public safety , for the protection of public order , health or morals , or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others for more information , i would have to copy passages of my law-books and that would take me too much time at the moment . 
   no western nation has laws specifically targetting islam . 
  private individuals should be able to do as they please as long as they do n't directly physically hurt another person . 
  cutting someone 's hair is not vital . 
  source please , were do we have laws that specifically target islam . 
  these would be actually unconstitutional , at least in europe due to the echr . 
   i think blind acceptance of religious intollerance in the name of religious tollerance will only lead to a repetition of the 30 years war ( or something along those lines ) , not stop them . 
  a hijab is a brazen declaration that you do n't care about a western country 's culture or for your intergration within it . 
  do you know people wearing hijab ? 
  well , i do , one of my friends from university wears them , she studied with me corporation-law as well as international investment-law and she is perfectly intigrated . 
  we met each other also outside of the university and i actually thought about asking her out on a date before i got to know that she just married a couple of weeks before we met the first time . 
  you ca n't say that , just by wearing that , she denies our traditions , because that is actually the generalization that these laws try to counteract . 
  we have freedom of sexual oriantation and freedom of religion . 
  the freedom of sexual orientation is due to the fact that people are born this way , the freedom of religion is due to the intense connection of the beliefe of the singe person to their personality . 
  that is the reason why both are today recognized as worth of being protected . 
  on the contrary , the participation on the democratic life is also worth to be protected , but in another way . 
  democracy is about the struggle of ideas and political principles , and because of that , you can deny to some extends to do stuff in order to not support an opposing political view . 
  if you are a privat person that just sits in his home , you can deny everyone to enter your home as you like , be it out of religion or even race , but as soon as you open a shop , you have a heavier burdon upon you to act in accordance with the norms of society , and , as i just said , these espcially protected religiouse beliefes and sexual orientation are stuff you have to honor , if you like it or not . 
  because religion is something recognized as deeply embedded in the personality of people , whereas political views are not . 
  even when trump would disagree , he is neither a deitry , nor is following him any kind of religiouse practice , but it is the expression of participation of the democratic prozess . 
  as a member of the same democratic process , you can deny to do stuff in order to support the other 's party . 
  but , one distinct sign of all western culturs is the freedom of religion , actually , we slam the middle eastern nation regularly due to their religiouse intollerance . 
  it is one main part of peaceful participation in a society to create religiouse freedom , but that only works when all people accept that they have to interact with each other no matter which religion you now practice . 
  so , by denying service out of religiouse reasons , you show exactly the religiouse intollerance that goes contrary to the freedoms of the others . 
  and believe me , we saw quite a lot how that ends , we had the 30 year war in germany that killed half our people just because different ( christian ) religions did n't accept each other , we had the genozide that was only possible by demonizing the jews in the first place , and denying services was part of this process . 
  no , there ca n't be discrimination due to religion , or we have n't learn anything in the past centuries . 
  people tend to say a lot to speak themself out of any kind of fines . 
  it is religiouse if you refuse to serve customers due to things that are typically comming alongside with the religion . 
  you ca n't deny a christian to be served because you oppose signs of inhuman torturing-devises as the cross symobls a torture-device of ancient time , you ca n't deny someone with a fish-symbol around their neck service due to your hate of fish , and you ca n't deny a muslim service because you oppose the head-scarf . 
  there is quite some cases where it gets blury between these sides , but the examples given here are quite clear . 
  well , in theory , you could even get a ( minor ) jail sentence for insult , but that hardly ever happens since , when you have something `` up to ... or fine '' , a lot of stuff has to happen before you ever see the jail , the most likly thing where you might get problems is if you already on probabtion ( for example for theft ) and than the insulting might be the nail for your coffin . 
  but , if you see at the history of discrimination , you can see that such easy things as the denial of services can be a powerful tool that render the victims powerless , just look at the systematical discrimination in the us against the blacks in the time of rosa park or in germany against the jews in the beginning of the rise of the nazis . 
  such harsch punishments , as jail-time , would only apply if the person really fuck it up , for example by being part of a big group of companies that systematically make it impossible for the victims to stay at a place ( again , take the exmaple of the small village-supermarket that prevents muslim from buying there ) . 
  you can effictifly bully people out of certain areas if you are a part of a group of racist companies . 
  because the sex you like is not your decision , but you are born with it . 
  but you are not born as a trump supporter . 
  so , with the one thing , you deny people to stand for what they are born , for the other you deny people to get to show their political position . 
  that is different . 
  ehm , because we had this `` denying of business '' used as a way to demonize people in the past and present . 
  if there is just one shop in the town that sells groceries ( what is quite probable in small towns ) and they deny the muslim family to buy from them , the muslims have a problem , probably have to drive quite a while to get to the next store ( not the problem in bigger cities , but in small communities , yes , that is a big problem ) . 
  denying of service is a pretty strong tool if it is used either by a lot of people or even just by a few as long as they are in key-positions . 
   two weeks ago there was a case where some bakery refused to draw trump on a cake . 
  is that `` justified '' in your mind ? 
  yes , because here , it was not a discrimination due to religion or race , but because of a political opinion . 
  she did n't turn the customer away because she was white , because she was christian or any of that , she was turned away because she wanted the backery to make a cake that would work as a support for a party . 
  protection of rights of races , gender , sex and so on are things that are due to protection of minorities , that is vastly different to opposing a political opinion . 
  edit :  what about outrageous anti evolution claims on billboards ? 
  what about outright propaganda and lies ? 
  can businesses refuse to conduct when they 100 % disagree with the message ? 
  depends on the message . 
  people can , with good reason , denie certain messages without a problem , for example propaganda and lies , also evolutionary claims , most likly even an `` allah is great '' - cake or billboard-message . 
  what they ca n't do is looking at a muslim saying , `` no matter what you want , no . '' . 
   what i think people forget about democratic freedom is that it is n't '' you can do whatever you want '' , it is you are free to not do whatever you want . 
  yes and no , every freedom has its negative side , meaning that , when you have a freedom , it also includes the right not to do it . 
  but just as freedoms can be restricted , the not-acting of a freedom can be as well . 
  by the way , it is not really the afd ( they did n't exist back than , we moved out of bavaria in 2000 ) , but rather the general political stand of a lot of people . 
  at the moment , you do n't have to vote for the afd when you are right-winged and life in bavaria , the csu is there quite the alternative . 
  but to be honest , i did n't really noticed that much about it as a child , but it was rather my family that was back than ( before 2000 ) politically quite active ( csu ) and were running a media-company . 
  i spoke with my mom about these issues quite alot since i grew more up and there i got the notion that this area is rather , lets call it conservative .
