  there are 5 bilteral investment agreements between the us and eu-nations : bulgeria , croatia , czeck republic and poland . 
  and yes , i meand isds , i mixed it up a little bit . 
   then look at the 1000 + companies that have their eu headquarters in ireland . 
  all companies were adhering the same set of laws . 
  ireland updated its laws to reflect the eu demands and all companies were subjected to that change , including apple . 
  there is a difference between having there their headquater due to the low taxation-rate of 12,5 % , which is legal and no state-aid , or having a sweat-heart-deal that lowers the taxation under 1 % . 
  if the company pays the generally available 12,5 % , that is okay under eu-rules , the different memberstates are allowed to compete due to tax-levels . 
  what is not allowed to undermine this tax-level with special deals . 
  to the fact that they are located there is not enough evidence to claim that these companies broke the eu-rules . 
   the idea that it was ` state-aid ' is ludicrous . 
  it is n't as if they 're buying shares of apple to keep it afloat like germany does with vw . 
  germany has traditionally shares of vw , and that is not state-aid . 
  germany hold traditionally a share that enables them to have a veto-right for decisions made during the general essembly to avoide that vw outsorces to much of their productions into the third wolrd and basically to save the interests of the state in the company . 
  the relationship between vw and the german state was in 2008 already reason for a court-ruling by the ecj that determined other things germany did with vw as illegal state aid and that actually caused that vw had to pay money back to germany , just as apple now has with its illegal state-aid . 
  and not demanding the legal tax-rate due to special agreements is basically the same as giving the money to the company . 
  that is the reason why it is `` hidden '' state aid , because it was not given to them , but they just did n't collect what they should have collected . 
  edit : spelling edit 2 : also , buying shares is in general not state-aid as long as these shares are bought with the market price on the normal market . 
  state-aid is in the first place when something is given without getting something back with the same value . 
  so , when they buy shares of vw , they own these shares and can , just as any normal share-holders , either gain or loose , but that 's it . 
  to buy shares of a company is not unheard of states . 
  yes , it can be used to stabalize a company , but at the other hand , the money is not `` lost '' since , when the company is back on track , the shares can be sold again . 
  that is different with not collecting taxes since , when you do n't collect them , they are lost and the state did not get any other value than that they gave something to the company . 
  first , i can only speak about german law since i have no clue about the french law , but i believe that it is most likly that they are pretty similar to what we have . 
  when they were in contact with a supsect like here said , that could be enough as long as this supsect provided them with essential informations about how to make such an attack . 
  in the case of so called serious violent offence endangering the state , the usual principle that preperation of a crime is not a crime itself is broken since the pure act of planning and thereby getting into contact with people to do so is seen as such a threat to the society that it was seen as legitimit . 
  but , if the girls really abondend the idea , this will be seen as an exemption from punishment . 
  but that will have to be determined by the prosecutor during the investigation . 
  they will never fucked out of the market , it will hit them , but all of these companies are big enough to sustain such a blow , it will be painful - yes - but not unbearable . 
  and they would never leave the eu , it is just an too important market . 
  vw did n't got slammed for taxation , but for getting illegal subsidies that were marked as subsidies , but was given out against the eu-law . 
  so , the basic gist is that everyone gets slammed who gets illegal statis-aid . 
  and i do n't want to look for every single example , so i just picked out vw for a little research , and what i can find is that they pay 30 % of tax here in germany . 
  fruthermore , in contrast to the us , if the money is just funnled through another nation just to evade taxes , these saved taxes will be counted as revenue here as well . 
  so , i would like to see your sources showing how these companies practice tax-avation other than `` they are big companies , they must do it '' . 
  also , i want to see your sources that state that they use special taxation rules ( at least inside the eu . 
  what they do outside is not the business of the eu but of these nations since the subsidies outside of the eu do n't act under eu-regulations ) . 
   hey should be cracking down on ireland itself that is not possible under the eu-reuglaionts . 
  the rules are pretty clear , if the state gives wrongly state-aid , the state has to demand back the state-aid . 
  the idea behind it is that the state wants to disort the market by giving out illegal state-aid to their favor , and by demanding the money back , this disortion is gone . 
  and apple had to know what they are doing , the biggest part of apple outside of the recycling and rebranding of other 's idea is the legal team that sues everywhere . 
  if they do n't have legal experts that told them that this is illegal state-aid , than its their own fault for having only lawyers to sue everyone using the word apple in their product . 
  edit : by the way , doing illegal stuff with their motors is not the same as avoiding taxes , so i do n't get why you say  vw ( still ) one vw did was violating consumer and enviromental protection rules , not state-aid rules . 
  edit : googled now in english for vw as well and there is actually an investigation due to tax-evasion due to the different tax that has to be paid after the eco-friendliness of their diesel-cars were reevaluated : https://www.ft.com/content/5f58c076-92a6-11e5-94e6-c5413829caa5 the thing is , that happens on a german-national level , so no need for the eu to start an investigation as well . 
  only if they assume that germany here fraudulent tries to circumvent the appropriate taxation after german law , only than the eu will start to investigate themselves . 
  edit 2 : got a message that ft is behind paywall , so the relevant parts :  german prosecutors have launched an investigation into suspected tax evasion by volkswagen linked to the emissions scandal that has engulfed the carmaker . 
   [ ... ]  the tax evasion inquiry centres on the fact that 800,000 vw cars understated carbon dioxide emissions , leading to lower vehicle tax rates . 
  braunschweig state prosecutor birgit seel said it focused on five vw employees whom she declined to name . 
  i ca n't remember the correct term . 
  it was when hundret of bad morgages were packed into a package with save papers so they could be sold , than these packages were repackaged with others . 
  i really forgot how they were called , but they were basically the basis of the morgage-crisis when the complete system started to collaps since nobody knew anymore which packages were bad and which were good . 
   u.s. companies ' profits , owed to the united states because they use eu-subsidies that were founded under european law . 
  all these international companies are structured that the headquaters are ( often ) in the us , but that they have subsidies stationed in the different nations which have to comply with all laws , including tax-laws . 
  so , when it said that apple-money is funnled through another nation means that the , for example indian apple company sends money to the european apple-company . 
  both are controled by the us , but are seperate identities . 
  in a normal case , the money would than be send to the us company . 
  under normal circumstances , this money would have first be taxed in india , since there , the revenue was archieved . 
  than it would be sent to the eu where they could tax this again , but since there are basically double-taxation-agreements everywhere , they would n't do it since , in this example apple , already paid in india . 
  if apple did n't pay in india , than the eu could tax them since , through the form of licensing that was done , the licenses hold by the eu-company would have created the revenue . 
  if the eu had taxed them , the money could flow to the us where , since , again , double taxation-treaties , the us could n't tax them again . 
  the problem in question was that ireland did not tax them and thereby violated their legal obligation . 
   she 's claiming `` state aid '' is somehow related to ireland 's taxation of apple . 
  it is due to the sweat-heart-deals that were especially aiming only for apple . 
  even other companies that got sweat-heart-deals did n't got the same , but different ones . 
  so we have here a specific case for specific companies that was different to what was not available to the rest of the community of companies in ireland , and that is hidden state-aid . 
  state-aid in general is regulated by eu-law , and the eu-law regulate the cases state-aid can be given and if a nation wants to pay state-aid , they have first to ask the eu if this is in accordance with eu-law . 
  not only was ireland not complying to the eu-regulation in which cases and which form the state aids can be given , but they did n't ask the eu for approval and thereby violated eu-law . 
   a ) america will lower its corporate tax rates , nothing prevents you from doing so . 
  it will not prevent the problem of double taxation and the need for us-companies to have subsidiaries in the eu to get the full use of the single market , and since the eu is such an important market , i doubt that this will prevent the us-companies from comming here . 
  it might only end the funneling of non-eu-profits through the eu  b ) either place tariffs on european goods/services in that case , the eu-companies will create subsidiaries in eu-nations , in which the us-merket will be funnled through , that already have an investment treaty with the us and will thereby use the investor-settlement-rules to demand the money back from the us . 
   c ) come up with its own scheme to seize funds from european companies . 
  again , even without ttip this will be difficult to archieve without risiking a hell lot of claims in front of isid due to the already existing investment-treaties . 
  the thing is , when the money is funneld through eu ( and the eu subsidy ) , and actually never ends in the us , but , due to the irland-deal in a supra-national non-nation where they have no taxation at all , the eu has a right to crack down on these as long as they are not already taxed in asia and africa . 
  that is the simple truth about double taxation , and if the us would have prevented this praxis earlier , they could have taxed them instead of us . 
  so in the end , it is bad luck for the us . 
  not really , the taxation in the eu is an issue for quite a while , and the investigation for apple took several years ( i think they said 3 , but i might be wrong and it took 5 years , i am not sure ) . 
  and it is not like eu companies were never fined before , they were just cracked down earlier . 
  vw got itselfed fined by the eu in the early 2000 's using the same law , for receiving illegal subsidies . 
  it is just that nobody make a hugh report about it when it hits eu-companies . 
  just a few day ago i watched a report about blackrock whos ceo is said to be the most powerful man in the world , above all state-leaders and anything . 
  they seem to be the biggest investment company with a super-computer that was able to calculate the risk of these bad-suprise-papers ( where nobody knew what was really in them ) during the last crisis , and this way they made billions just by knowing which papers were clean and which were dangerouse . 
  whoever wanted to be safe with his papers payed blackrock to get them analysed . 
  the leave could take 10 years of negotiation - yes , but the negotiatin ca n't start without triggering art . 
  50 since every kind of negotiation is prohibited by eu-laws . 
  so , no matter how long you wait , these 10 years will only start whan you trigger art . 
  50 , and than you have to hope for the goodwill of the eu that they extend the two-year periode to 10 years . 
  also , these 10 years are not really only the divorce negotiations that art . 
  50 is about , but also the further free trade agreements , which ca n't be started without the end of the divorce-negotiation . 
  so , no matter what , you are behind shudle because the shudle of 10 years have n't started yet . 
  edit : the goddamn timeline in the article you posted actually stated that art . 
  50 would have to be triggered next year , and that the leave of the eu would have to happen in 2019 . 
  what is missing is an analysis why this is the case . 
  as prooven above , it is not because the different markets in the eu use these kind of protective measurements . 
  germany lost by attempting this for insurances 30 years ago , and it is quite common in other fields that services are sold transborder ( for example , here in germany , a lot of construction and other kind of house-renovation-work is done by polish companies with a polish company on german ground , that is part of the free movement of service ) . 
  this does not give any information for that . 
  one thing that might cause it that other than financial services , most services ca n't just easily move between borders since they are often done physically in one form or another . 
  due to that , the real exchange of services happens near the border . 
  and for things like insurances , i could think that the different markets within the single market are saturated with well known companies , and in special in the field of financiel products , trust that comes with known names are important , so that the factual barrier for newcomers to build up this consumer trust is high . 
  note , these are just my speculations , but since you did n't deliver any kind of evidence for why the freedom of service is not used that often , it is more than nothing . 
  i started to read the actual [ case ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/resource.html?uri=cellar:e20702c8-64c4-4d10-82b8-a80350ab35c4.0002.03/doc_2&amp;format=pdf ) . 
  first , your example of car-insurances is quite off since these are excluded from the law in question that require establishmend and authorisation .
