  there are things i think went wrong , for example that she did n't asked the parlimanet before doing this speech . 
  also , the complete disaster of miscumunication after the speech were the government did n't fight back the complete misinterpretation of what was said during the speech . 
  also , i agree with merkel when she said she fucked it up in that sense that she should have acted earlier , getting refugees month before everything went south out of greece into germany were everything could have happend in a ordered mannor . 
  that does n't change anything though at what i said above , that we were actually legally obliged to stop enforcing dublin iii for a while and that merkel never sent this invitation in the first place , but that it was a hugh miscomunication ( and misinformation-campaign , as articles about bots deliberatly planting false interpretation in the arabic world appeared maybe half a year ago ) . 
  merkel has many mistakes , but that was not one of them . 
  again , i think it is very interesting how people only try to fight me by mocking me for either suppositly not knowing anything or by mocking me for being qualified to have an educated understanding of the situation . 
  well , i do that in other cases as well , but than , i at least give a reasoning why the other person 's view is wrong from my perspective . 
  but not even once i got here an counter-argument that is not solely aimed at my person , but that tries to counter anything analysed by my side . 
  this method of solely attacking the person , not the message , is mostly done in cases when the attacker has nothing in petto against the argument . 
  edit : actually , i am keen to get counter-arguments about the matter , because it is rather boring to just stay here and get insulted . 
  i am always in for a good argumentation , because it helps not only to clear my own vision of the situation , but also to understand my own arguments better . 
  but until now , nobody was able to give me even one thing apart from the usual bs . 
  it is pretty interesting how nobody is really able to provide anything of substance , apart from `` everybody knows '' or anything . 
  and you ca n't continue hamering something against me when nobody even started to argue in the frist place . 
  because this complete merkel-bashing became such an empty circle-jerk that , apart from downvoting and denying any discussion about it whatsoever , it is empty , because it does not withstand any reality-check , it is just repeated by people for which this story like that is convinient , including several heads of states . 
  and my downvote-score actually recovered quite alot after the downvote-marathon when suddenly the trumpists apeared on this thread , leaving their comments . 
  man , the missing ability of logic trump supports like you proove is actually hillariouse ( if not the president of the us would also have that ) . 
  really ? 
  you try to argue the source of the situation with one of the consequences ? 
  the liklyhood that the situation might be even worse if merkel did n't stop dublin is reasonably high . 
  the refugees were comming in high 6-digit-amounts for a year before she was doing that speech , they were coming despite countless of death on see , despite inhuman situations in refugee camps in greece and hungary ( because , let 's be honest , no nation in the shoes of greece and hungary would have been able to manage this situation properly ) . 
  there is not a single sign that anything could have stopped the wave of refugees at that point in time . 
  the only thing that would have happend is that these refugees would have gone into hiding , would have lived a live as illegal where only crime and illict work could have sustained them , always in fear to be deported somewhere they could n't survive . 
  if this situation would have happend , the liklyhood of crimes becoming a multitude of what we have today is high , and we could forget to foil terrorist attacks like we did here because we would n't have informants in the refugee-community like we had here . 
  this attack did n't happen because refugees felt safe to come to the police and report the planned attack . 
  if a refugee would have to fear to be arrested and deportet if they go to the police and inform them of a potential terror attack , that would n't happen . 
  i wo n't say that there is not a rise in crime , and terrorism ( while most of the terrorism is still happening by homegrown individuals , the refugees start to participate in that as well ) , but the situation would most likly be hell if we would have followed your ideas . 
  edit : wanted to add that the rise in crime is not only noticable in crimes but refugees , but even more so in crime done against refugees by right-wing nutjobs , but i know , you are not interested in the crimes you support  . 
  i do n't really know what math has to do with this part of the discussion here where we talk about the constitutional limitations regarding the freedom of opinion and expression , but well , i also passed honorus courses in math and phyiscs in gymnasium well enough to get an abitur that allowed me to study law . 
  i just did n't want to study engeneering since i understood at that time that i did n't like throwing around formulars enough to do it for a living . 
  also , i earned some money by tutoring in math . 
  you on the other hand are not going beyond basic tropes and insults . 
  so , please , if you want to go into a discussion beyond this , but with arguments , i am open for it . 
  but as long as you do n't have anything more than these low and unsubstantial blows , you have no point here whatsoever . 
  so , no counter arguments than the usual trops . 
  thanks for this wonderful example of how well funded your position is . 
  well , by bringing counter arguments for example , apart from `` you sound like that '' . 
  and sources outside of your clearly trump-tainted right-wing spectrum were nice , or any analysis of the situation that is a fitting explaination why someone who is as known for her down-to-the-earth pragmatism as merkel , who was slashed upon for her strictness against greece , who was portraied as nazi and monster just a coulpe of month prior , suddenly dicided to become the refugee-fairy , spreading refugee-sprincles all over europe , just to be now again hard on the us . 
  basically , everything apart from `` meeeeeeeeh - that is my position - meeeeeeeh - i do n't listen to you because you have a different opinion - meeeeeeh - trump-name '' woudl be nice and fitting for a discussion . 
  if you want , i can look up the cases of the echr for you , of course as well as the case of the german constitional court that is dedicated for the intigration of the echr as binding law for germany , and , it would take a little while , i certainly find articles from back than about that twitter-comment of the ministry i talked about . 
  but i only do this hassle if you offer anything of substance in this discussion  . 
  no , i am just a soon to be lawyer ( passed the first state-exame , which means i studied law for 5 years , also were part of an moot court of international law where i studied furhter for 3/4 year international law intensly ) , i read the cases of the echr , know the implimentation of it into german law , i also analysed the situation back than quite a bit because it could have been important for my state-exames . 
  so , no , i am not telling that because i am partisan , but because i have an educated view . 
  as someone who already passed his first state-exame to become a lawyer , meaning that i already study law for 5 years now with an explicit interest in constitionional law , also having therefor quite a knowledge about the rulings of the constitutional court and its rulings concerning free speech , apart of knowing the rules and limits of such laws within the scope of the constitution : yes , i belive that . 
  well , first , most money spend on migrants will never land in their hands at all . 
  it is spend on housing and migrant-relatet services that the german government pays directly to the companies doing all that . 
  probably a really small part is only paid to the refugees directly . 
  they only get money able to cover their basic needs . 
  the payment will increase when their refugee-status is accepted , it will be lowerd down to food-stamps if the refugee-status is declined ( and it is not possible to send the person back yet ) . 
  for middle-eastern refugees , it is not really possible to send ( anything substancial ) money back home , germany is not that generouse . 
  that said , there is some problem with abuse of this system , but it is mostly by eastern-european asylum-seeker . 
  and about the anit-market-force , well , yeah , it can be . 
  but here , i am the one saying that sometimes slowering growth is n't that bad if it is done planfully to damper the effects for example of economic cicles where you damper the growth during good times to prevent harsh decline in bad times . 
  i know that the macro-economic system is an extreamly complex one . 
  the field of study in germany ( volkswirtschaft ) is known to be extreamly difficult and the usage of this system is also further problematic since it is highly politicised . 
  but , we have to guid and controle the markets to some degree or we have a situation like the us-rust-belt , where rather open market forces allowed more and more investments into a dying industry , while investments into modern industries were blocked . 
  that is the power of the market if not properly regulated . 
  so , a medium-path is , as always , the preferrable . 
  i never said that she did n't do mistakes . 
  for one , she should have akted earlier , getting refugees out of greece and the east before the situation went into chaos , instead of insisting into dublin for years . 
  at that time , a eu-wide solution would have been also diplomatic feasable , while , when the chaos already broke out , this option was not possible anymore . 
  also , she should have done a big media-campaing counteracting the fals claims about her `` welcome '' - speech , in special counteracting the russian bots that did their best to spread fake news all over the middle east about how germany will give everyone a home when they come here . 
  her communication-skills are really bad , and the german government should have created a information-campaing aimed at the middle east to clear everything up . 
  the only thing i do say is that the decision as such is legally sound and actually the only reasonable thing to do at that time to prevent the refugees spread into the underground all over europe . 
  because , even if people like you like to forget it , they were already here and the crisis was happening for a year before merkel said anything . 
  i just counter the argument that the money spent on the refugees is actually not as bad as the media portrays it because the money spent on them flow directly back into our markets , thereby stimulating it . 
  so , the money is not `` lost '' for germany at all . 
  also , if you are against money took via taxes to stimulate markets , than you should be consequently also be against german taxes distributed around the eu as well ( especially eastern-europe ) , since it is basically the very same concept , only that here , only parts of the money we give out will flow back into our market . 
  without the eu , the germans could dicide by `` using the goold old market '' as well . 
  we would loose market stability , but considering you seem to value market freedom more than macro-econoimcal planing , it woudl fit the idiology you just portrayed quite well . 
  the thing is , everything has it pros and cons , but to just concentrate on the cons without seeing the pros create always quite alot of delusion . 
  to be honest , i think she looks better on these pictures than on the one normally posted with her looking strict . 
  if at all , i would assume that they tried to make her look more sympathical . 
  just to show the beer-loving chancelors , a music-song that was made about our gazprom-chancelor schr\u00f6der : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ti8czrh0eb0 ( as a background , he said , while cameras were rolling ` get me a bottle of beer or i strike now and stop writing ' . 
  a german talk-show-host / commidian made a complete song out of this one line ), 
   only true ~ ~ german ~ ~ ** arian ** blood should live in germany . 
  got it . 
  i think that conveys his intention better , 
  says someone who seems not to have enough understanding of economics to see how this is actually helping the german economics and thereby creating jobs ( that ca n't be filled by asylum-seekers because they are bared from working until they have ther asylum granted ) . 
  but sure , stay at this one-dimensional-viewpoint , we see how well trump is doing without understanding of more complex mechanisms of politics / s, 
  thanks . 
  yes , there are assholes among the refugees , and we have to find them and deal with them , but generally blaming mire than a million people is the perfect result for the terrorists , they want to drive muslims all over the world to the edge of the society because it is easier to recrute more terrorist among desperate and isolated people . 
  money that is given for hugh parts to asylum-seekern in germamy that spend this money again in germany , not to forget the buildings that had go be recocstructed by german workers , the german cleaning services , the gdrman security-companies , etc. 
  the world demands us to pay more into the domestic market to create more consum , but when we do it via refugees , we are stupid ? 
  ehm , no , she does n't . 
  what the government is trying to enforce the german `` incitment to hatred '' - laws to be respected better on the internet , in special by demanding facebook to react faster to complaints about it . 
  the incitment to hatred-laws are not `` you are against my opinion , so i censor you '' , but rather `` you ca n't say that all refugees should be killed '' or `` you ca n't deliberatly spread lies in order to cause hatred towards foreigners '' and similar things . 
  such a law is not about censoring cricitism , or she would have to shut off her complete bavarian sister-party that does n't do anything else than play opposition . 
  i am so sick of this line of argument i read so often here on reddit . 
  no , merkel was not out of her senses , but basically did what was necessary ( and legally demanded ) . 
  before she made that statment , greece was already flodded with refugees up to the breaking-point where the refugees started to move the balkan north to hungary . 
  hungary tried to contain the refugees , but eventually , their barriers broke as well and he called austria and germany , basically saying `` hey , by the way , hundret of thousand of refugees are on their way to you , good look with that . '' . 
  due to that , germany called internally to their agencies that dublin would not be executed , following a ruleing of the echr that states that sending refugee-applicants back into a nation that ca n't secure a treatment according to the human rights is a violation of these human rights . 
  due to an old ruling of the german constitution , every echr-ruling that respects the german idea of human rights has to be respected as binding interpretation of german law . 
  due to that , germany was bound to follow the order to set out dublin as long as they deem hungary and greece not able to provide adequat treatments to the refugees . 
  the problem was that one member of the agency for immigration and asylum put this internal thing on twitter , which went wild and became a gigantic news story . 
  after that , merkel went on air and set that the dublin-agreement would be set out for the refugees already in europe . 
  this was actually a rather good move because this way , germany became an relief velve for eastern europe , taking the burden of the refugees on themselves when the eastern ca n't handle them anymore . 
  this way , the refugees that could n't be contained had a place to go and to be registered instead of hunting them down , creating a situation where hundret of thousand of people move into the underground , creating a gigantic criminal - structure ( which they would have to build as illigals in order to survive ) . 
  the problem came when first : the news were wrongly reported and repeated as an invitation , in contrast to the idea of an relief-verve as it was thought , and second : when big parts of europe became happy that one idiot started to take care of the refugees , and instead of cooperation to solve this problem together , started to dump their shit on germany .
