  basically , this upbringing makes them rather resistant to the normal german law since they first not respect the laws and the punishments handed out by the german court are not impressive enough . 
  this lead to basically a clash of these groups of normal germans and extreme turks ( or other muslim religions ) . 
  the situation with the fear or even hatred is fueled also by the fact that , in areas with little migration , the only real news about muslim people get are these bad examples i gave before . 
  for everyone who lives in rather normal areas with a normal mixture with migrants as a part of normal life , we know that , yes , there are these muslims that even i do n't want to have as a part of germany , but there are alot of moderate turks that are well intigrated in this society and that belong here . 
  as long as you do n't have these experience yourself to counterbalance whatever you have experienced with the group i mentioned before , it will just lead to more fear and xenophobia . 
  i think we should distinguish patriotism and nationalism . 
  while i think some form of patriotism in the form of being proud of the society you participate in forming is something actually rather healthy , nationalism is the form put into extreme where it is not `` we among the society of the world '' , but rather `` we above the rest of the societies in the world '' . 
  well , the thing is , there is not really that much of a common culture in the eu to really fuel such nationalist crap , if at all , as the eu , than there might be the idea of the `` christian west against the islmaic east '' we already have in the normal nationalism , but that nationalism regularly tries to get rid of the eu . 
  well , you can travel all around the eu ( or at least schengen ) with only your id though , and that includes when you fly . 
  i flown to the uk and went on the farry to denmark or passed the border to austria without the need of any passport . 
  the normal way : in germany , if you want to study in a university , you have to do visit the so called `` gymnasium '' . 
  the gymnasium is one of three school-paths a child can go after finishing elementary school . 
  while the other two school forms , the `` hauptschule '' and `` realschule '' end after the 10th grade , the gymnasium will go on until the 12th grade . 
  the last two years of the gymnasium-time is the so called `` abiturphase '' , which means every grade you make there will have an effect on your final abitur-grade . 
  the two years end with a last big test in , depending on the state normall 4 subjects , but i heard of other versions as well . 
  these have to be one natur-science-class , one language-class , one social-science class and one class of your choosing . 
  using the results of these two years and the final exame , the abitur-grade will be calculated . 
  when you passed the abitur , you are elligable to study everything in germany . 
  so , now is the admission . 
  every subject has in an university a certain amount of seats that people can apply on . 
  there are subjects where not enough people to fill in the seats apply , so everyone who is elligable with a passed abitur can study that . 
  as soon as there are more applications than seats , the admission becomes a little bit more difficult . 
  to sort out who will come into this course , the grade you had in your abitur is the most important part . 
  the grade itself may be changed a little bit depending on circumstances , for example , your grade will get a little bonus if you live in the city of the university or if you waited for several semesters to get admission to the subject ( without studying anything else in the meantime ) . 
  and , when these calculations are finished , the applicants with the best grades will be accepted . 
  for medicin or psychology , it has no need to apply if you are not better than maybe 1,3 or so ( 1,0 is best , with 4,0 or 4,9 , you have barely passed , but i do n't know which one it is :d ) . 
  economic studies normally has also something around 1,5 . 
  the appliation itself will be online . 
  every university has an online-form where you can fill in all your data and than , after you were accepted , you have to proove everything using official documents that they will look through when you register at the university . 
  not personally , but my mom and her husband use their fee time now to teach refugees german and have also two refugee-kids my stepfather tutors . 
  their experience are quite good , they have quite an interesting time , learn alot , get invited regularly to dinners when the complete bunch cooks for them , etc. 
  all in all , speak hardly ever from problems with them , only try to find solutions to help them with their problems , in special with dealing with officials . 
  well , i would call myself an agnostik . 
  i have no clue if there is a god or not . 
  there is always an area that we will never be able to really understand , what was before the big bang , what are these other dimensions that exist if the string-theory is true , how can it be that we have several constants that , if they were just a little bit off , would let our world collaps ? 
  is this all random or anything with a bigger picture ? 
  i have no clue and i have no really investment to determine that since it is frutile . 
  the only thing i am sure is that if anything like a higher being exists , it has nothing to do with the religions that we have on earth . 
  it has to be something like a mechanic that expresses himself through the laws of nature , from phyiscs to chemistry , biology , math and logic . 
  eagle also for germany in federal level, 
  depends which nations you are talking about . 
  as far as i know , there are som treaties between eu-nations to actually enforce such tickets , but these are only inter partes and not as a part of law that is binding for every eu-memberstate . 
  well , depend on what you mean . 
  for germany , it could be either charlemangne or otto i. 
  as germany as a state as we understand it today bismark . 
  germany as a democracy , adenauer . 
  most native dialect that are too different for normal people to understand , like `` platt '' , which are only understood by old folk and culture-conservation-groups . 
  a few times . 
  the first time when i was 14 or 15 . 
  there were strange guys in our street , diging at an unmarked sight , speaking in eastern european language . 
  during that time , the copper-thieves were quite popular in the news , so i thought maybe they dried to dig for copper-cables . 
  well , they did , but they were subcontractors of the telecom :d . 
  but , to my defence , the police thought that this looked so suspiciouse that they got close to these guys with their guns in their hands . 
  than there were two times when i called the police due to stuff laying on the street , one time directly at an on ramp to the autobahn , the other time directly on the autobahn . 
  than there was once when i saw a paper-trash-bin on fire . 
  the last time i could think of was when the hedge of my neighbour was no fire . 
  he is a lawyer that pissed of some people . 
  yeah , wonderful sanity for a democratic nation to dismantel the constitutional court !, 
  well , i think that he tries to dismantel democracy in order to have right-winged policies . 
  so , i am not a fan of his , not at all . 
  looked it up , was n't a parlamentarian vote , but a vote by the interiour-ministers of all member states . 
  nope . 
  lactose is the sugar of the milk , lactose intolerance occurs because you are missing the lactase , the enzyme to deconstruct lactose into something useful . 
  so , lactose intolerance is not really an allergy , which is an autoimune problem where the body misinterpret harmless substanced as something harmful and starts to counterat these with methods that we understand as allergic reaction . 
  an allergie against lactose protein is a genuine allergie , meaning an autoimune-reaction on the portein in milk . 
  due to that , i ca n't use minus-l-milk as well , because here , my allergy is not filtered out . 
  yes and no , as far as i understood the story . 
  first , when we look at that what henry iv wanted , than it was to be able to dicide who will be the bishops in his territory . 
  this was of rather great importance for him because the church had several heriditary fief that belonged to the bishiop in power at that time . 
  so , basically , he wanted to dicide who would inherent the land after the last bishop died . 
  that was something the pope did n't want , so he excommunicated henry . 
  that caused henry a hell lot of problems because his nobles were n't that loyal as he thought . 
  the thing was that all his oaths of allegiances based on an oath before god , so when henry was n't part of the church anymore , all promises he made and that were made towards him were void . 
  thus , his subjects started to question his legitamcy ( after all , every king and the kaisers were seen as put in the place by good , if he is not part of the church , god would n't support him as the head of state ) . 
  in the end , he did the walk to canossa to restabalize his position in government . 
  i agree , he did n't do it because he was actually sorry , but to make sure he was safe in his position as kaiser . 
  and as far as i know , the outcome of this all was that the german kaiser could n't dicide about the nomination of the bishops , so that , up to this day , the bishops are put into office by rome , and not by any local power . 
  basically non , i am allergic to the portein of milk , but i drink sometimes soy or oat-milk . 
  but also that not much anymore . 
  rather when they are out of the treaties by breaking up with the eu . 
  this way , the parts of the treaty that applied to them become invalid and basically void , so that when they reenter them , they have to do it on the terms of a new member and not on the terms they had when they left the treaty . 
  ( uk , even when they are not in the schengen-area , are stil part of the schengen treaty , just that they have a waiver for certain parts of the treaty , and this waiver would probably be gone when they try to come back in ), 
  yes , and theresa may , nigel farage and boris jonsen please in the hair shirt , waiting for three days in the cold while merkel and junker think about to let them in . 
  well , the walk to canossa was a political action between the german kaiser and the italian pope , so this had quite a significant impact in the history of both our nations . 
  as i said , under the same conditions a thrid-nation would come in . 
  i would assume that schengen would be mandatory for the nations that were n't able to impliment a waiver into the original treaty , and after the uk is gone , they probably would have to accept it as thrid nations . 
  but since i am not sure if this is really mandatory for third-nations , i do n't know if it would be mandatory for a newly uk-membership . 
  the euro is a different point since this is clearly not mandatory , and i personally do n't like the idea of bullying a nation into it . 
  it worked out for germany after france basically bullied us into it , but that is not necessary , and , depending how bad the economy of the uk have to become that they would even want to come back in , i actually do n't know if it would be a good thing at that point for them to get the euro . 
  well , for me , the idea of them asking to come back would already be a [ `` gang nach canossa '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/road_to_canossa ) ( a german idiom that just fits here so well that i linked the historical event this phrase is refering to for everyone interested ) , which means that the pure act of doing so and asking to be let in again is a humiliation beyond beliefe , that that is more than enough . 
  after that , they just fullfill all criteria that any other third-party-state has to fullfill as well , including of course the changes that happend during that time in the union . 
  i would personally hope that we would use , in the sight that the uk wants to come back , to regulate the banking-system more before a new uk-member could again block that . 
  to be honest , just the act of asking to come back to the eu would we call in german a `` gang nach canossa '' ( a walk to canossa ) , which basically is already a proove of regret and also humiliation . 
  there is no need for any further to demand from them than fullfilling every obligation other third-party-nations have to fullfill to come here . 
  well , the story is from the wife of my mother 's uncle . 
  she was one a young girl when germany lost the war and lost its eastern areas , and was in one of these marches of germans that had to flee to the now german territory . 
  the mother learned that her husband died in the war ( what was not true ) and after she got raped during this march tried to kill herself and her two daughters . 
  well , she succeeded with herself and the younger daughter , the older one just witnessed everything . 
  when the now orphan arrived in germany , the father was found , and he was not really great and handling this situation , drunk afterward and was abusive . 
  this aunt was an alcoholic for the rest of her life and actually died when she was totally wasted and landed with the head in the coffee-table where she was found only after a few days ( the husband was already dead , died due to prostate-tumor ) .
