  edit 2 : just simple cirique at any group is not sufficient to be seen as incitment to hatred , but it need a clear intentions to aggitate with that language . 
  so `` muslims are more likle to radicalise and most terrorists are muslims '' is okay , `` all muslims just wait to kill as many chrisitans as possible , since it is a terroristic religion '' would not . 
  and the abitur normally hit the news if something went wrong . 
  a couple of years back , nrw had to repeat the math-test since there was a unsolvable question in it and i heard that this year , there is a pettition ongoing ( or already happend , no clue ) again in nrw that the english-test was too hard and native-speakers given the test could n't even master it properly . 
  thus , the petition seeks to force the state to repeat this english-test all together . 
  in school , it was one of the favorite sports to do when we could do what we want , and even in breaks it was played sometimes . 
  apart from that - not very relevant . 
  tbh , i have no clue . 
  i only knew the 50 +1 rule because i like trivia-knowledge and remebered it , with a little bit help of google . 
  for qnything further , i would have to dig in the debth of the rules of the german football assosiation . 
  as far as i know , that worked for bayer leverkusen only becuase in its beginning , it were real workers of bayer playing in it , not professional player . 
  it was in a time during which players could n't life alone from the game , but needed a regular job . 
  that is different today . 
  as far as i remember , red bull actually tried exactly what you mentioned and did not had success since the german football assosiation did n't recognized the team due to the name . 
  basically yes . 
  but there are clubs where the private owner has massive influence , for example the case of tsv 1860 munich , that has the investor hasan ismaik who is now seen as the one that destroyed the club in notime due to his attempts to controle the club against the will of the fans . 
  but , well , he has the money to pump into the club , so the people had to listen to his demands , despite that he did n't had the majority-ownership . 
  another example is hoffenheim , until 2005 they were an unimportant regional league-club that was n't known to the general public really well . 
  but than , a person who lived in that region took over the private-part of the club ( regularly , the club itself and the privatly traded part of the club are two different legal persons ) and invested massive in manpower , bought big players and trainers and just a few years later they were in the first bundesliga . 
  hm , mixed . 
  there are rules in place that , for example our football-teams ( which are the most important teams here ) ca n't be named after companies ( expetion is bayer leverkusen , but that solely out of historical reasons ) . 
  also there is the 50 + 1 rule , meaning that at least 50 % +1 vote of the general assembly of a club has to be owned by the club itself ( who 's members are the fans of that club ) . 
  because of that , only 50 % - 1 votes can be sold and traded in stocks . 
  because of that , the business is existing , but there are rather high hurdles for them to have a majority-influence over the sports-aspect . 
  i have no clue , the exames are annyonym . 
  we only write our identification-numbers on the exames and hand them in . 
  thus , you know which grade you have , but nobody else knows it . 
  well , the chinese are most prevelent here because there is a partnership between my university and one of these in beijing . 
  and they are also especially noticable due to their not that good ability to speak german , which is especially difficult since law simply does not work without a good grasp of the german language . 
  ( german law-student  yeah , we have quite a few chinese that come to us every year . 
  and we also have a joined programm with france where the students learn both france and german law here in cologne and in paris . 
  the gypsies that are intigrated are not noticed , the part that is noticed have n't . 
  because of this , it is difficult to say . 
  there are very well intigrated , but they regularly hide their origin due to the bad repuration . 
  at the same time , there are the families that are famouse for crime and disrispct for society . 
  well , i do study law and i am nearly finish . 
  hm , i can only thing of situations with economical risk-taking . 
  europe looses quite alot of good thinkers and inovators because they are not able to get a foothold here . 
  the idea that a project could fail is often to great as that they could get proper funding . 
  in this regard , the us is much better . 
  well , you would be correct if there would be a nation that is able ( and willing ) to provide with shelter that is according to the echr . 
  as europe has accepted the human rights , the other treaties it is part of has to be read with these in context , and here , the situation changes drastically from your `` view '' . 
  the nation next to syria host already more refugees than they can cope with . 
  these nations are mostly poor themselves and the refugee-camps are drastically underfunded . 
  due to that , a nation that is not able to offer the shelter that they are obliged to by the refugee-convention or that do not follow the human-rights-declaration are not safe nations in the view of any european nation . 
  so , the nations around syria are already out due to them not able to do so . 
  next is turkey . 
  here , the situation is a little bit more difficult , but nontheless , turkey is regularly not providing safe space for refugees , deny them the right of participating in the workforce , the right of schooling for the kids , etc. 
  thus , it is also in general not accaptable as a safe nation according to the echr . 
  greece is the next nation . 
  greece was in the beginning of the crisis able to provide safe shelter , but due to the lack of funding , the overstraign of the already weakened greece governmental structures , and the complete situation made it unsafe , not because the greece are bad people , but because it were too many to do handle . 
  the same is true for the balkan-route . 
  so , there are no safe nations according to the ecmr . 
  and aobut merkel , it shows how little clue of international law you have . 
  what merkel did was suspending deportation to greece according to the rules of dublin . 
  this does not change anything about requests of asylum given in europe , the only thing changes is if it is prozessed in greece or in germany . 
  greece was not able to proceed anything and its camps started to become a social and health-hazard , with people dying of dehidration , and that before merkel said anything . 
  even more so , the refugees borke arleady though hungary and were on the way to germany when merkel started to speak , showing that the refugee-crisis was already completly out of controle before she was saying anything . 
  first , please learn the difference between illegal migrant , asylum seeker and refugee . 
  first , everyone who asks for asylum is an asylum seeker . 
  when it is determined that he is running away from war , he is a refugee . 
  when he is here because his nation is poor and he wants a better life , he is an economic illegal migrant . 
  as long as the police is still searching for him , even photos of this guy will be published . 
  from the point onwards where they caught him , generally , only the first name and first letter of last name is published , sometimes the job as well . 
  pictures are blurred after they caught him . 
  also , quite often , it is told if the person has a migrationg-background or not . 
  only in rather extreme cases more is reported . 
  for example amis amri 's name was publicly known rather fast ( maybe it is because the foreign press released the name and so it became useless ) . 
  but also other rather famouse culprits are well known , for example the child-murderer magnus g\u00e4fgen . 
  ehm , the holy roman empire of german nation was a thing for nearly 1000 years , it just never really was a state like a national state , but rather a loose federation of small kingdoms with an elected king that was still free to wage war within the german nation . 
  also , it broke apart after the religious 30 year war . 
  after that , germany was even more loosly and the idea of a unified germany was dead until napoleon made it a necessity to unify for a common course to get him out . 
  this was the first time as well a peoples-army was introduced , where the people of germany fought against an invador together . 
  while the monarchs planned to let this union die after napoleon was gone , the people had a senitment to belong together , of a great german nation where they were truly borthers . 
  and yes , part of this sentiment was `` germany above all '' , meaning germany above all the little kingdoms , as one unified nation . 
  that it today sounds archaic and nationalistic is due to the changes of history and its usage . 
  edit : interesting video about the situation of germany during the holy roman empire of german nation : https://youtu.be/me_tv4849nq, 
  hm , not within the next few decades , that is for sure . 
  we are just too different , economically , politically and sociologically . 
  i think the endgoal should be a federation of nations with a real federal government , but for that , we need way more trust among the members , maybe even a reduction to some core-members that can actually get along good enough to make a federation feasable . 
  but as long as there are that many dividing factors in europe , which take a very long time to get rid off , a full blown state-like federation would only be bound to fail in notime . 
  cursing and running to the governmental-law-professor to ask how to do my state-exame when the complete governmental system just changed . 
  yes , i think it is okay , it just have a few issues that are currently worked on . 
  so , in germany , during state and federal elections , we have two votes . 
  the first vote is for the candidate that represents your area , the second is for a proportional vote for a party . 
  so , how it works is that first , every directly voted seat gets into parliament . 
  after that , the proportional election is looked at . 
  every party with less than 5 % of the votes is removed from the calculation , and the seats are seperated according to the proportion of the votes . 
  this situation will lead to two results : some parties have more directly elected seats than the proportion would give them , some parties have less seats than the proportion would give . 
  to demonstrate , imagine that the parliament has only 100 normal seats . 
  party a got 30 direct seats , but only 25 in the proportionate system . 
  party b got 20 direct seats , but 25 in the proportionat system . 
  partc c and d got both their 25 seats and directly and indirectly . 
  so , in the past , party b could fill up their seats with a priorly established party-member-list until they have the 25 seats , leading to a parliament with 105 seats , a 30 , b 25 , c 25 , d 25 so , the direct vote dominated over the proportionate . 
  this system was changed recently . 
  now , in the same constalliation , where every party has here theoretically 25 % of the votes , but party a has 30 direct seats , every other parties get as much seats as necessary to make the proportionate vote fit again . 
  so , a , with their 30 direct seats , keept hat . 
  b , c and d will get now 30 as well , leading to a parliament with 120 seats . 
  so , the proportionate vote outwheights the direct vote . 
  this situation creates now new problems .
