  first of all , what kind of physical disabilities do you mean ? 
  i myself stayed for several month in a wheel chair due to surgeries on my ankle and commuted from university to my home . 
  while it was difficult to plan since not all the stations were accassible with wheelchair ( but more and more are ) , i had to calculate an detour . 
  but all in all , it worked quite well . 
  and eve4ything that is called `` m\u00fcdlich '' , meaning everything with the expection of i think math , german and the foreign languages . 
  i know . 
  i moved once the school afte a year in a new state because it was so shit . 
  that said , the state-legislation can make these differences even greater . 
  the school i run away from for example impimented the rule `` no obligatory exames in secondary subjects '' by really not having any exames in there , so that the music class of the 11th grade was n't able to read a single note . 
  the other school i moved to did exames even when they were n't obligatory and the kids were better . 
  that is for example a big difference to berlin where i was before , where every school had to do at least one obligatory exame per semester in secondary subjects , so that we actually learned for these . 
  to be honest , i would like to see some competences more federalized than they are now , in special education and the police-force . 
  education : i personally moved two times during my school-time , and it was rather a disaster , causing a drop in grades due to the different systems and the different times when what is learned . 
  also , the different system create fastly different results , so it would be better if the best parts of all the systems would be intigrated in one system for all states . 
  and police-force : well , several of the major fuck-up in recent governmental history could have be prevented if there would have been a thight exchange betweeen the states and their police-force . 
  this is also true for other organisation-levels , for example the asylum-and-migration-office . 
  the lacking of a common system and the exchange of data is just mindboggling . 
  well , the rwth aachen is a well-knwon university for aerospace , and we have in cologne the esa-european astronaut center as well as the dlr ( deutsches zentrum f\u00fcr luft - und raumfahrt / german center for air and spaceflight ) . 
  there are also a few big companies for sattelite-construction in germany . 
  hm , regularly when i travel over cologne mainstation . 
  but the drive to my local suburb-train-station is on the path of a police-patrole , so i see their car here also regularly . 
  i agree that we are quite far away from the capitalism of these times , but we are also quite far away from the revolutionary socialism . 
  because of that , we discribe ourselves regularly as `` social democracy '' or `` social capitalism '' , because it is a fusion of both ideas , a middle ground that should provide the best of both worlds iwhich it for a big part does ) . 
  and i also agree that socialism as we experienced it is a bad idea , exactly because of the reasons you said and there is a truckload of more reasons why capitalism is good . 
  but i also think free market capitalism is a problem as well since it puts to much preassure on the workforce . 
  okay , i agree , i oversymplified it . 
  this is only true when the government itself is seen as a workers-government that also fullfil the ideal of socialism . 
  and yes , there are other principles also possible , for example that local worker-councils have the controle over a company , or even just the worker of the company itself , since that would also fullfill the requirnments to put the productive means in the hand of the workforce . 
  what i tried to show is the difference between the current european systems and a state-run socialism ( as the us often discribes us ) . 
  ruglated in the way of socialism means the way it happend in the ussr , where not the market dicided where what was sold , but the government . 
  it means a regulation equally intensive as if the companies were owned by the state . 
  in a socialist society , the state orderes how many of which product have to be produced and where these products would be delivered and sold . 
  the market is of no interest thereby . 
  edit : this can also be seen in the definition . 
  the part `` owned or regulated '' put these two on the same level , implying that the regulation has to have a similar intensity than the owning . 
  ehm , they were soclialists . 
  the [ oxford definition ] ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/socialism ) of socialism is  a political and economic theory of social organization which advocates that the means of production , distribution , and exchange should be owned or regulated by the community as a whole . 
  the ussr was exactly that , the productive means were nationalized and controled by the state in their 3 - and 5-year-plans , which were a complete disaster . 
  what the us has to do is to more often look in their own dictionaries to understand that they use a political term completly wrong because it is easier to envoce fear against the term socialism than the term social capitalism . 
  change the voting-system from a fpsp to an representative . 
  this way , the different parties can split up in more interest groups , so that the insane part of the republicans ( tea-party ) can drift into extrmism and ( hopefully ) out of the spectrum people would vote for while the moderate republican can drift father to the left . 
  same with dems , which would probably split up in 3 groups , a green-party , a socialist-party , and a wokers-party . 
  it would help to sort out the policies the people actually do n't want . 
  to put it simple , yes , that would be a main policy of these . 
  because of that , we do n't have any party that call themselves socialist , but only social democratic . 
  the only place where this is not completly true is the pes , the eu-parliament-party that incudes the social democratic parties of europe . 
  i really have no clue why they called themselves socialists , maybe historical reasons , maybe just addepting to the us-use of the word . 
  how does it hurt the consumer to consume that stuff more than getting blue-balled ? 
  i think it is more likly that he radicalizes himself in his own urges if he has no ( legal ) way to get off some of his steam . 
  he is not like an drug-addict that will want more of it because of a physical or psychological addiction , but because he has sexual urges that wo n't go away when he ignors them . 
  the only way to get rid of sexual urges is castration , but not ingoring it . 
  i think it is preferable if he starts to get hooked up on cartoon cp , or basically any other substitute that helps him to ease off his urges . 
  of course , it would always be preferable for him to go into a psychological treatment , but there is no way to force someone who never hurt anyone to do so . 
  hm , i actually would doubt that he would be used as leading candidate , he is simply too old . 
  he is even 13 years older than merkel and one year older than sch\u00e4uble . 
  he is not unique enough in his personality and his political positions to really make up for his age . 
  he could have given steinmeier a run for the position as president though , probably has more guts to speak up than him . 
  in addition , due to the fact that the party has much more controle about who can be elected in the next election-circle , there is more insentive not to shit on your own party whenever you feel like it . 
  if you do n't agree with the party often enough , you simply will either not be put forward for the direct vote of your district or you will be kicked out of the party-list . 
  i think the main problem in the us is the two-party-system . 
  here , the republican party would have split up a long time ago in at least two different parties . 
  the tea party and the more moderate one . 
  i think it is also quite likly that the democrats would have been split up as well , one including a green-movment , the other more working-rights . 
  the thing in the us is that there are too many differences in the believes and ideals of members of one party , so that it is impossible to find a common ground for alot of things . 
  hm , there was once in the 2000 's when my block in berlin lost electricity , i think it was an error in the local transformer station . 
  it broke the computer of my mom when the electricity set in due to the short high-voltage that is running through the system when the transformer station went back to power - . - ( luckily , it was only the cooling-segment of the computer that blew up ) . 
  i think we had another time a loose of electrical power a few years back , but honestly , i am not that sure anymore . 
  what happens regulalry is a shortage of our fuses . 
  they are not that good and when the vacuum and the dryer are on at the same time , it is too much for the fuse . 
  well , i ca n't speak for estonia , but to be considered a socialist in germany , he would have to actually aim for a socialist society , meaning the absent of private ownership of companies . 
  since we did n't really had that good experience with socialism with the udssr . 
  the 5-year-plans and the inhuman government of this time made socialists not really well liked in europe . 
  you have to understand that what the us calls socialist , europe generally calls social democrats , and the economic system social capitalism . 
  it is the us that has problems with reading definitions to recognize that their usage of the word `` socialist '' has nothing to do with the political definition of socialist government or society . 
  depends . 
  in cologne main station , it is normally true . 
  but once , i ate at the mcdonalds at frankfurt mainstation and there , it took quite some time until i got my meal due to the many customers using it . 
  well , acording to the stuff i read ( as a law studen interested in all kind of legal discussions and problems ) , there are two kinds of pedophiles , the one that are born with it , the other that do it out of a power-phantasy . 
  for the second , they are just crazy and there is no way in dealing with them apart of putting them in jail . 
  i agree , these ca n't be helped . 
  but , at least when you read articles about them , there are these that do it because it is simply their sexuality , they have it since they are teens themselves and they do whish for loving relationships , even when that is factually impossible . 
  about the existance of this secone kind , i like to relay more on the people that work with them than your personel opinion . 
  and , i am in for every relieve they can get that is not involving real children , is it hentai , computer games or even sex dolls . 
  in contrast , i acknowledge if they do whatever they can to use substitutes instead of going for their real urges and i do n't see why we should punish them . 
  that has nothing to do with `` i watched them and they were okay '' . 
  i am okay with saying that i watch hentai from time to time , but i click away when i ever read loli or shota anywhere because it is frankly nothing i want to even remotly see . 
  nontheless , if it helps them , then they should go for it , better substitute than real porn , which they could also try to find . 
  if they are treated the same , there is no insentive to stay with the substitute . 
  edit : man , that had to many typos in this even for me . 
  well , that statement nice and well , but the nature of pedophiles is that they do exactly that . 
  and there is also no prooved way to actually heal pedophily i am aware of , just treat it . 
  so , that they seen as sexual objects happen either way . 
  the question is if the rights of children might be better protected if possible agressors can get their heat off by looking at hentai instead of looking at actual children , or maybe , because they have no way to release their urges , start to go a more extreme way . 
  and we do a pretty good statement that sex with children is not possible by throwing people that do it or attempt to do it in jail , or that look at real pornographie with children . 
  if there is a niche where these people can get off their sexual lust without actually endangering any child , i am in favor of it , and i really doubt that it would create a statement that society is okay with sex with children , just that this could be an attempt to lower the risk of sexual abuse of them . 
  germany has to federal legislative bodies , the bundestag and the bundesrat . 
  the bundastag is directly elected every 4 years , while the bundesrat is formed from representatives of the 16 german state governments . 
  thus , the bundesrat is not directly elected , but , after each state election , it changes if the government of the state changes . 
  in general , the bundestag is in the more powerful position ( as the directly voted for body ) . 
  all laws are discussed in here , and the first decision about if the law has to be implimented has to be done here .
