  the next parliament is feard to have , instead of their established 598 seats , mor than 700 seats due to the forecasts of the next election , creating a situation where the principle of a `` working parliament '' is endangered just due to too many politicians . 
  this complete planning was the purest shit-show . 
  that is what you get when the supervision comitee is composed of politicans and not of anyone who has the slightest idea of what they are doing here . 
  that thing was planned wrongly from the beginning , it did n't met fire-safty-standards , than the next thing was broken , than it was discovered that it is not big enough for the intended usage , and on and on and on . 
  the different levels of government are clearly structured within our constitution . 
  there are some areas where the state and the federal law-maker have both their hands in , but that is the most of confusion we have here . 
  the cities in gerneral have not that much power , and things like gun-owernship for example is soely in the right of the federal body to dicide upon and no other body , not the state or the city , can do anything . 
  all in all , cities have here way less power than for example in the us , they are really more about local issues like how much the local garbage-system costs and how much of the taxes they can dicide upon should be demanded , or to dicde what can be build in which area ( but they have to follow the national law as well in categorizing these ), 
  while the airport is just the biggest waste possible , i can stand at least for the reason they started that . 
  berlin could need a nice new airport , it was just planned terribly and is already outdated . 
  the changing of the name is not only in practice waste , in theory as well . 
  it is the form of genderism that basically violates the cause of feminists all together by concentrating on irrelevant names instead of real problems like the wage-gap . 
  so , while the airport is at least in theory something i supprt , while the practice is just plain aweful , the name-change is just in all aspects idiotic . 
  hm , the thing that comes first in mind is part of the `` genderism '' here . 
  in german , the base-word of many words are male , and it turns into femal by adding the suffix - in . 
  a policemen is `` polizist '' , while a policewomen is `` polizistin '' , teacher is `` lehrer '' , female is `` lehrerin '' . 
  i think the gist is clear . 
  in addition to being the base-form , the male form is also generally used if you speak about a group of these people , even when the gender are mixed . 
  if you say `` die polizisten '' , you can mean male and female . 
  after giving this prior talk , here the story : the german word for all unversity-students is `` studenten '' , and the name for the student services is `` studentenwerk '' . 
  but , because the word `` student '' is male , there are groups that try to get rid of this term , but want to change it to `` studierendenwerk '' , which could be translated as `` these who study-service '' . 
  actually , some states have written a law to change the name . 
  this change , for example for the student services in berlin , costs 800.000 $ , just to change all signs , letters , files , everything . 
  and that is just for one university . 
  this name-changing , if it happens everywhere , will costs tens of millions of euros . 
  hm , theoretically , i learned the basics in school , but i was terrible in foreign languages . 
  i was able to understand english enough to get the gist of a text , but could n't write or talk at all . 
  between school and university , i visited one toefle-course after another until i finally understood the basics . 
  i improoved myself in university via a program that teaches some american law that we could choose as addition to the normal law-studies . 
  the courses were held by two american lawyers and was completly in english . 
  i became fluent during a moot court in international law ( a competition containing of a case that has to be prepared for a simulated trial ) . 
  germany has the unwritten rule of do n't speak about it , do n't ask about it . 
  after , during the 30-year-war , half of all germans were killed due to fightings between catholics and the new-formed protestant , the peace of westphalia created a religiouse peace between the religions , and the basic gist is , accept the religions of the others , and do n't try to missionate them . 
  it was outragouse to marry outside of your religion even long into the 20th century in , but that did n't change the fact that religion became a really private matter between yourself , your family , your priest and your god . 
  thus , openly religiouse people that show their religiousity with more than maybe a cros around their neck are generally seen as suspiciouse . 
  yes . 
  my first internship was in school and it was at the technical university of berlin . 
  it was quite interesting , it was in the part of computer science in construction . 
  i mainly did it because i wanted to study engeneering at that time and it seemed like a possibility to know someone at the university . 
  the next was also in school and it was at a bank . 
  was okay , alot of standing , and i mainly spent time in the public area . 
  it was nontheless quite an experience . 
  the first real intense intership was in university at a big international lawfirm . 
  it was quite impressive , and they did alot to comfort us , but also tested us out . 
  we spend several mornings a week with lawyers of different field which lectured us about their flied of work while having a breakfast :d . 
  basically , it was an attempt to get young law-students to come to them when we finish unversity . 
  the last internship uptodate was in an office that deals with enabling disabled people to work and that controles working-rights of disabled people . 
  again , quite interesting , and the people were really nice , and the workload was really okay . 
  well , it is because the brexiteers actually stated that they also want out of the echr . 
  so , the reason this float around is basically due to the agenda set out during the brexit-campaign , and it was fired even more up by may 's comment to limit the human rights after the last terror attack . 
  difficult to say . 
  germany has the principle to balance rights of people against each other . 
  we can only restrict the right of one , if this restriction wheights ligther on the person as the burden of leaving the restriction away would be on others . 
  first of all , germany has no freedom of speech , but freedom of opinion and freedom of expression . 
  this is a equivalent to free speech , but not the same . 
  for example , prooven facts are not opinions and thus are not protected by this . 
  that the holocaust happend is a prooven fact that ca n't be denied without going down the path into obsucrity . 
  how many exactly died is again open for debate and thus open for opinions that can be protected . 
  also , datas are not opinions , but calculations of facts , thus databases or fact-sheets are not opinions as well and thus not protected . 
  clima change for example on the other hand is still at least a little bit debated and the extend of how much humans interfered with climat-change as well , so it is open for opinion , and thus open for protection . 
  on the other hand , there are speeches that violate the rights of others . 
  there is the violation of honor , a constitionally granted right ( and if you say the idea of protection honor is outdated , anti-bullying-laws are nothing more than protecting honor , people that are driven into depresseion and suizide by words were violated in what we legally define as honor ) . 
  so , insults can be charged against , but for that , the insult has to be big enough and of public relevance to be enforced . 
  also incitment to hatred is a restriction . 
  here , the restriction lies in the action to try to create a sentiment of hatred against another group in such a way and the sentiment might turn over in violence . 
  since i doubt that this will happen , i wish you best luck for a possible reuntion of both irlands . 
  maybe the danger of a new border between north and south and the end of the good friday agreement ( due to the plan of may to abolish the echr , which would already violate this agreement ) can cause irland to dicide to find together . 
  yes , but we use it very rarely . 
  it is basically a thing that sits in our cupboard most of the time . 
  but letly , we found out about churros and experiment in gluten-free versions of that . 
  these are the best if they are made in a proper deep-fryer . 
  i think a soft-brexit would be better , but here , the problem is that it literally ca n't happen without uk agreeing to the same conditions as the other nations assosiated with the eu agreed upon . 
  and that is not possible since there are core-values the uk wanted to challange with the brexit . 
  the worst outcome would be if the eu grants the uk any exeptions from the current rules regarding the eea , causing the uk to continue to use the benefits of the eu market without submitting to the core principles and the regulations . 
  this would probably be the death-sentence for the eu , since it would lead to a sudden rising of seperatist movements in all areas of the eu , and sooner than later , the eu is gone , and than , not only the uk wo n't be able to benefit of the eu anymore , but all of europe . 
  so , if the uk will not agree to submitt themselves under the eea-regulations , than a hard brexit is unavoidable . 
  here , i have to be frank , but for the sake of the eu , i would hope that the uk-economy will make a dive to emphesize the value of the eu . 
  do n't missunderstand me , i do n't want the eu to deliberatly cause that , i want that the pure fact of loosing the eu previliges is enought ot cause this situation . 
  i am also for the possibility of a free trade agreement , but neither should it be rushed to shorten the time in which the uk has limited access to the eu , nor should it be prolonged more than necessary . 
  to make such a treaty in a timly manner , it will take at least 5-10 years after the divorce negotiation are finished . 
  the reason why i want to see this futur in the case of an hard-brexit is pretty simple : i think the eu is something all of us benefit from . 
  the current uk is not that strong despite the eu , but rather because of the eu . 
  not only would this proove my assumption right about the necessity of the eu , but also would this take the wind out of the wings of the other seperatist movements . 
  but exactly because i want this to be a validation of the worth of the eu , i do n't want to see any deliberate additional punishment for the uk apart of loosing all their eu-previliges and the consequences of theese , because than , it is meaningless for the sake of prooving the worth of the eu . 
  edit : typo, 
  there are the movies and the 90 's cartoons . 
  i think that 's it . 
  well , the us would have to addapt all eu rules , including the european declaration of human rigths , also , the us tends to avoide to participate in un-treaties that either all eu nations have accepted ( and therefor are basically standart ) or that the eu itself signed . 
  no , for example the fact that the state handles economic policies for their area is rather good since they are able to concentrate on the conditions within their state . 
  same with egolocial and cultural policies . 
  basically , every policy where it is useful to have specific solutions for specific areas . 
  education on the other hand has no reason for creating specialized rules . 
  big cities should n't be a problem . 
  they generally have ways with you to deal with it . 
  if you want to travel by train , make sure to contact the german train-service beforehand so that they can help you with getting in your train and out . 
  some trains have build-in ramps , some need a ramp they have in the trainstation . 
  most stations have these days elevators , but there are sadly still major exeptions . 
  so , a look in the situation of the train-station might be helpful . 
  publig buildings noramlly are accassable via wheelchair . 
  restaurants etc do n't have to be , but most are .
