   that is committed to democratic , social and federal principles , to the rule of law , and to the principle of subsidiarity , and that guarantees a level of protection of basic rights essentially comparable to that afforded by this basic law . 
  so , no , germany will and can not accept the eu-law as something above the german constitution . 
  well , not necessaryily . 
  as i tried to say , the constitional court would try to find a middle-ground that allows something like that to happen , for example by demanding a veto-right . 
  i do n't really argue against that , just that such rules in place have no meaning if it is seen necessary by a majority of the nations . 
  and in special rules within the eu like u/thomanou proposed would only work if there is a direct veto-right of the member-state to activly block any money given out against the will of all member-states , because as long as this is a european institution with only majority-decisions , like in the ecb , the eu tend to increase their competence rather freely if it is deemd necessary , and in special eurobonds are an invitation to be used outside of the borders of what was set up in the treaties . 
  well , the thing that you just said is  does n't make them any worse nor better than the `` other side '' . 
  considering that the other side were the nazi 's , who are , universilly agreed , the definition of the bad guys of history , makes your point a little bit mood , in special as this is a celebration to have beaten `` the bad guys '' . 
  so , either it is invalid to call the nazi 's bad and only condemn their actions ( what for me , would actually be an understatement of the situation back than , even when i am someone who argues always that the rise of the nazi 's is something that can happen anywhere , but that makes them not any little bit less the bad guys ) , or you treat both as bad guys . 
  you mean , like the ecb has a clear rule to solely doing fiscal policies to stabilize the euro and never ever do anything to finance any of the member-states ? 
  yeah - that worked perfectly in the past . 
  well , the big problem of schulz is that nobody really knows what he stands for , that is also the reason why the `` schulz-train '' is at the moment crashing frontally into a brick-wall . 
  that said , even when schulz supports such a bill , i really doubt it that he would get the necessary majorities to start the constitutional changes needed to implement bonds , heck , i doubt that big parts of his own party would break their coalition-loyality in this field . 
  for the most parts of the constitution ( which would include this provision ) , it takes a 2/3 majority in the parliament . 
  edit : have thought a little bit more about it and actually , it would be a little bit more difficult to do so . 
  not to cut out the debt-rule , but rather to federalise some of the fiscal powers . 
  the question arises at which point germany would cease to be a state on its own , since the fiscal power is often seen as a core element of the parliament without it would loose a big heap of sovereignity that defines if we are a national state . 
  so , a provision creating a european financial agency that germany gives controle over its budget might be in collision with art . 
  20 i gg , that defines germany as a state . 
  and here , we are in deep trouble , because art . 
  20 i gg is protected by the so called eternity clause of art . 
  this provides that some provisions , including all of art . 
  20 gg , ca n't be changed at all , under no circumstances . 
  there is even a debate if we abolish our constituion and write a new one , if this would allow an alteration of the protected articles or if a new constititution would be invalid from the start if they do so . 
  due to this constitional problem , every attempt to create euro bonds would end in front of the constitutional court . 
  most likly , considering that the constititonal court tries to keep out of european intigration as long as it does not violate the constititution grossly , would create a ruling that would be a new chapter of the `` so-lange '' - decisions ( as-long-decisions ) which gives boundaries to what we can give to the eu without them interfereing , but it would stretch this all out extreamly and would create alot of tension . 
  really ? 
  does this suprise anyone ? 
  has anyone forgotten what happend when the euro was introduced in the first place , when in special greece used the suddenly cheap to lend money not to reform or anything , but to make elections gifts and basically start to waste money in an unbelievable amount . 
  at the current moment , state-debt is basically the only reason several states actually try to reform and to make their system into something working . 
  do n't get me wrong , i thing euro bonds will come , but not like the people would like to see them . 
  what i see in the future as something everybody could agree on is a mixed system . 
  there would be euro bonds that would be in the controle of a common union-finance-office that would allow the memberstates to get euro bonds in exchange for clearly defined projects , for example infrastructure . 
  here , every single member-state would have a veto-right to block euro-bonds to be given out for projects . 
  on the other side , for everything else , the memberstates would keep their national debt-system like it is today . 
  i honestly ca n't see another system that would create enough trust , only when eurobonds are connected with controle over them moved to the eu and with a direct possibility to influence for what the eurobonds are used . 
  tbh , what would it bring to weaken may ? 
  the uk is already in a weak negotation-position to begin with . 
  a weak may would only prolong the proceedings and in special the uncertaincies , something that the eu does not need . 
  that is difficult with ukip , afd , fn and the rest lyimg their asses off when it is about the eu. , the example of the uk that should n't be punished any more than not getting any benefits of the eu than we would offer fiji for example , will show everyone how important the eu became , and that , even with its mistakes , it is worth keeping, 
   but not by using any additional sanctions it is my deepest believenthat the eu is actually needed by every single nation in the union , and by not giving any special deals , we actually do n't obscure anythimg . 
  we should n't let the uk suffer any mire than they will without special agreements , but also not less , because that will show how important the eu will be . 
  actually , the only one that want to obscure the importance is the uk by wanting to keep the cake and eat it at the same time , sombasically by cherry-picking only the good sites, 
  first , yes , it is a threat because it would cause give every anit-party in the eu a boost . 
  because of that , we have to show that the leave of the eu would be incredible painful and harmful , but not by using any additional sanctions , only by not giving any benefits other third-nations would n't get as well , so no special close relations witht the uk , as the uk has hoped and expected . 
  so , literally not answering on the issue that you agreed to these human rights - well - actually not even recognizing that the echr was fristly put into discussion by churchil , so by the uk , when the geman opinion was not worth a dime . 
  also that the refugee-convention , from 1951 , heppend in a time germany was barely founded yet . 
  but sure , it were our morals that went into these treaties since we were the loosers , the one that everybody listend to , right ? 
  or is it our morals that we are actually abbiding to the treaties we signed ? 
  oh , what morally abomination , that we actually do what we promised !, 
  and even worse , we expect others to do so as well !, 
  we are truly monsters !, 
  ehm , this `` moral superiority '' just bases on actually accepting the treaties we all signed together . 
  the european declaration of human rights and the refugee convention is something we signed all together , and i honestly ca n't just see why we are now arrogant when we actually take on the duty we accepted decades ago . 
  pacta sunt servanda , we all bound ourselfes in the hope that the other , if we ever get into trouble again , would act as well in honor of these duties , so we act now . 
  the stuff with paying is nothing i would ever consider legal and that is already abusive , just to make that clear . 
  but i honestly doubt that the german car-manufacturer are doing that to be honest . 
  they have quite alot of power due to jobs they could move away from certain areas , sitautions that can cost the next election for a politician . 
  if the taxes of any of the big factories would be lost , it could destroy the finances of the region . 
  yeah - the problem is , how to deal with it ? 
  if we have no lobism at all , the politics start to sway away from reality , creating inpractical and sometimes even harmeful laws . 
  but if lobist get too much power in a system , they now make inpractical and harmful laws themselves . 
  sorry , but you make it sound like petry is really any better . 
  the only diffdrence is that she tries to dress the afd in a moderate costume , but petry herself is just as rotten as the people that kicked her out . 
  the last one in the afd that could have been discribed as decent was lucke ( even when i never agreed with him ) but since petry took over , this party is rotten . 
  petry got what she deserved , as this is exactly what she did with lucke ), 
  actually , greece has already broken , same as hungary . 
  the statement came basically after a call of orban that said `` by the way , austria , germany , just to let you know , a few ten thousand of refugees just broken out of our refugee-camps , they are on the way . 
  best whiches and have fun ! '', 
  what you are saying is also rather shallow . 
  yes , we have us-bases here , but germany has not controle over them , since they are manly soverign to the us . 
  so , just because we did n't kick the us out when the attack happend does not mean that we participated in any way with that war . 
  well , we could have , at most , 20 parties in our parliament . 
  in germany , we have the 5 % - hurdle , meaning that parties with less than 5 % of the popular vote can enter the parliament ( there are expetions of this ruel , but they are really rare ) . 
  ehm : merkel is known to change her policies depending on the public opinion in basically every regard . 
  the idea that she is the one that ignoring the will of the people because of a personal agenda , or even a public political agenda , is basically the opposit of what she is known for . 
  also , the humanitarian idea was strong in germany at the time of the refugee-crisis , and actually is still strong , as far at least as we are talking about real legit refugees ( so , syrians for example ) , not western-european , african or middle-eastern economic immigrants . 
  also , even when it is not really that much talked about because it would have been a shitshow if it was actually acknowledge : the decision of merkel not to enforce dublin based on several rulings of the echr that said that it is illegal to send refugees or refugee-applicans back into dublin-nations that are not able to offer shelter according with the human rights and human dignity . 
  at the point of merkel 's invitation , she only said that the people that just borke through hungary can come here , because if she would n't have done that , 1 : the majority would have roamed europe uncontrolled , go into the underground and become a big criminal syndicate just out of necessaty , and 2 : the people that would have registered would have immidiatly got helped by asylum-lawyers , and every single of them could have sued up to the echr and would have won their right to stay . 
  so , instead of letting that happen , she did the only sensible thing in the situation and let the people that were raoming in europe in . 
  what went wrong was afterwards , that her statements were misstranslated , missinterpreted , wrongly spread , and that merkel 's office did n't do a major campaign to set the record straight of what was exactly said and what it meant . 
  ehm , she said mulitkulti has failed , which is , within only mean that one special form of intigrating foreigners into our society has failed completly . 
  as `` multikulti '' , it is seen that we should let people in here without an real effort to properly intigrate them , basically allowing several cutlures to exist without real effort to demand interaction . 
  and yes , this approach has failed terribly , because of which we have to demand intigration and a sort of assimilation within our imigigration-policies . 
  and do n't forget the european convention of human rights that also recognize freedom of religion and that is seen as a binding interpritation of the german constitution . 
  well , i suppose that the eu will demand similar deals like with ceta , which is the most restricted treaty in regards to suing-rights that exist . 
  it is actually seen as a new model of tade-deals , since it includes an absolutly open disupte settlement ( opener than any national legal system ) , and restricts the rights of investors only when the state basically purposly screws investors , tricking them for their money . 
  it already seemed fishy when i saw the first picture of the crime-scene . 
  there were several opportunities to set a bomb that were terroristic gold , for examle just right outside the hotel where always are several fans waiting . 
  this complete attack was to hit as little victims as possible apart of the players , something that just does not fit for terrorists . 
  in average , a life-sentence is 25 years , not 15 . 
  no , probably 25 . 
  15 is for normal manslaughter . 
  no , it will be a life-sentence , which means around 25 years when they rule a special severity of guilt . 
  yeah , attempted murder , probably including `` special severity of guilt '' . 
  most likly he will not see unfiltered sunlight for maybe 25 years . 
  eurobonds are the endgoal , when the eu is actually holding the controle over the financial politics and economic politics of the member-states and when it emerges as a full state , but not a moment before that . 
  we saw what happend with greece when they joined the euro . 
  at that moment , their ratings rose , they got cheeper money than ever before , but instead of using this money to actually invest in the economy , modernizing the government , creating an attractive atmosphere for companies to grow , they used it for election-presents , an overboarding beaucracy that had to many people for to little work , they failed to even install proper electricity in govermental buildings so that people had to bring their own laptops , their own multi-socets from home to actually do their administrative work , they even faild to do something as baisc as the land registry . 
  the first thing i should do , when i have suddenly money , to change the layout of the economy to something worthwile , instead of throwing it on beaucrocrats , just to see it by an import-rate of 70 % flow out of the nation at once !,
