  everyone has certain values in their head when they hear hitler . 
  he is right-wing , racist , sexist , fear mongering , radical and a lot of other things , including a certain feeling . 
  he is not just a person , but an idea . 
  the same would be in german when i call someone a kevin because kevin is here not just a name , but basically the discription of a underclass child with no education and future . 
  yes , it is a name , but it is also a discription for a concept that is an opinion . 
  goatfucker has no such a concept that could be added to it . 
  the only concept in a goatfucker is that he fucks goats . 
  same it the statement that he does every night falatio with 100 sheeps , there is no kind of concept within these words that can be seen as an evaluation of his person , or anything , despite that he fuck goats . 
  trump is a laying idiot that just talks what the people wants to hear in every given situation , not caring that he disagrees with himself basically in every given situation . 
  merkel only disagrees with herself if there was something actual happening that made her change her opinon . 
  trump spreads hatred , says that he will bail out people if they hit protestors , he demands religiouse prosecution by denying entry of muslims , he demands recial prosecution in his stands against mexicans , he is sexist , his campaigning methods rember strongly at hitlers in the 30 's . 
  and yes , because we had hitler we understood that words can be just as harmful , sometimes even more harmful , than a man taking a gun running into a building , because a talented talker can make 1.000 people running into 1.000 buildings with guns , or can transform a society into a faschist regime , or a communist in that matter . 
  stalin used basically the same methods , as the communist leadership . 
  basically , the transformation of nations into extremist nations , not depending if fashist or communist , started with talented talker that used their speech to supress others , and when they had enough power , they started to forbid the mouth of people thinking in other ways . 
  because of that , germany developed a law not proscuting ideas , but methods , the incitment of masses and the slanderouse talk , because that are tools that were used , are used and will be used in the future to by every idioligy that want the domination above others to get to power and than we have another supressive regime . 
  law is not a mathematical acquasion where every single word has the same meaning all the time and when the words have the meaning in one situation , it does not mean that they have the meaning in another . 
  yes , you could mean that a person is hitler and mean it as a fact , you could mean that this person is actual a reincarnation of a man who died 1945 , or maybe the survivor of that time . 
  you could also mean that he has just exactly his characteristics . 
  but again , ** in doubt *** , it is an opinion , because opinions are much more protected than factual statements , because factual statements are not protected by the freedom of speech , but by the freedom of art and science . 
  so , it could be that you do n't want to say `` he is hitler '' as an opinion , but as long as it can be seen as an opinion , it is treated as one . 
  but there is no opinion in him as a goatfucker . 
  the hurdle you have to take that it is a factual statement that could be wrong is that it ca n't be read as an opinion , not the other way around . 
  1 : the judge has to determine the facts 2 : the judge has to know and understand the law , the different laws , the applicable definitions , the theory 's behind the law in case that he has to develope the law further . 
  3 : the judge has to subsume the diverse real situations into the law to see if the law is applicable and to decide if a person is guilty or not . 
  4 : the judge has to decide , when he determined that the person is guilty , how to punish and has to do this within the legal frame of the law . 
  the reason why a computer ca n't decide this is because the legal theories can be developed further when the outcome of a rule seems unjust , but than the theories will be modified so thatthere will be no guilt-verdict at all ( for example , there is the legal development within the constiutional court of an out-of-law act of necessaty in cases of an abduction of a plain that allows figher pilots to take down a plain , even when it is against the written law . 
  this way , if this ever happens , there will be no guilty-verdict at all ) . 
  also , the real situations ca n't be just put into numbers to be caluclated , for that , the situations are to complex and it is just too likly that things get missed . 
  than again , same principle as lies `` as long as i am not sure if it is an opinion or not , it is an opinion '' . 
  when you say `` he is hitler '' , it can be read like `` he is like hitler '' . 
  he is like hitler is an opinion , it is a evaluation of his person and his actions , therefor it is perfectly legal . 
  `` he fucks goats '' has no evaluation at all `` i think he fucks goats '' has no evaluation , nothing expect the idea that he fucks goats . 
  it is a statement , not an opinion . 
  i agree with you that speech should be as free as possible and limitations should be as narrow as it gets , but that is how germany 's legal idea works . 
  the limittation has to be read as restrictive as it gets , and only the few cases that ca n't be read as opinions because there is not the slightes part of evaluation in this expression , and ca n't be seen as in any way proovable facts , than there is the limitation . 
  either you are yourself rather racist to try to downplay the meaning of blackfacing or you have no real idea of the history of it . 
  i just went on youtube to see if there is anything educational for you , so have fun : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ey8wqejygi0 and that the treadment of afro-americans is not a big probem in the us , than you have not heard of `` black life matter '' and maybe of martin luther king ? 
  satire is a double-edged sword . 
  it can be used to reveal and emphisise real problems or character-flaws , if it is a real critique against persons and people , it is a powerful weapon to further develope a society , just by showing these problems . 
  on the other hand , if satire steps away from any kind of factual basis and just starts to use racial slures , just as it happend in the us with blackfacing , as it happend in germany with the jews , as it happens everywhere where people want to make a mood against a group of people or just a single person , it can be used to deepen the cliff between groups , create hatred and incite violence . 
  for everyone who is asking at this point in the discussion what this has to do with b\u00f6hmermann , this is just a general stance that satire is not an extralegal room and that it has , just as every other speech , to oblige to the minimal criteria to be seen as free speech , and that it ca n't be treated differently . 
  no , expression of opinion is not illegal , you can say as much as you want what you think of another person , just not state facts . 
  and to say that erdogan has empty balls is not an opinion . 
  that he is a wimp is an opinion because a wimp is a evaluation , you can say that he is a looser or an idiot . 
  that he sent out policement to beat woman is not a opinion , but a proovable fact , that he is delivering weapons to isis is not prooven , but there is enough liklyhood that he does it to be perfectly legal . 
  that he fucks goats , not an opinion or truth , just a racial slure and therefor not protected . 
  so , as long as you only state opinions , you can do whatever you want , because opinion laboured under the category `` wrong of false '' . 
  wrong wording due to not perfect english . 
  black-facing is still a theme in america because this form of satire , and yes , it was satire , was used to diminish people , it was an image of a society that saw blacks as subhuman , and it was used to consolidate and increase this idea . 
  the micky-mouse cartoons that about japanese and african people - not really satire , but goes into the same direction of `` it is just fun '' , but used to influence the masses against people . 
  this idioligy , that can be wonderfully trasported via satire , is still seen in actions inside the us , not by actual blackfacing , but by dead teens on the streets . 
  and yes , satire can be a part to maintain or even to increase such situations . 
  there are not extralegal situation of like , no magic word that make you go havoc , you ca n't paint your face black and spread racial stereotypes as long as you scream say at the end `` but do n't worry , it was just satire , satire can do everything ! '', 
  says someone from a nation who still has a hugh problem in the society due to blackfacing , which was a form of satire . 
  a perfect example that shows the effectivness of satire to diminish others . 
  germany had the same in the 30 's about jews . 
  also , you are from a nation that had more faith in the accuracy of john stewards tonight show than the one of cnn and fox-news . 
  john steward used this for good by trying to show the insanity fox-news did ( under the protection of free speech ) , but he could have manipulated so many people if he deicded to just bluntly lie alla trump . 
  satire is just a tool to shape public opinion , just as speeches of politicians are . 
  there is no reason to exclude them . 
  there is the simple principle within the german jurisdiction `` as long as you do n't know if it is a lie , it is not a lie '' . 
  meaning , only in the rare cases where no single indication , not the sligthest notion or rumor backs your claim , than it is a lie . 
  even if you only express your own feelings , it is not a lie . 
  in the case of the slightes doubt , it is allowed . 
  in b\u00f6hermann 's case : he created a satire that was filled with especiallly crafted lies that were crafted to be perfectly blunt lies , that had no reality backing them up , he even discribed his words as such lies , as slander , as smear-text ( hell , the title says smear-poem ) . 
  this is basically okay . 
  the question here is only if he did n't just explained his actions , why they are illegal , just to give his poem a mask of legality , that the shere amount of smeres were so great that it basically put the explination aside as a simple irrelevant side-note . 
  that is something the courts have to decide . 
  i agree as long as you do n't make stuff up to hurt . 
  you can say as much hurtful things as long as there is a spec of truth in it . 
  and i ca n't see what the problem is to demand of people not to bluntly lie about another person to diminish him . 
  if you do that , it has nothing to do with freedom , it is simple abuse , you can ask every schoolkid that is cutting itself because of this kind of stuff . 
  it is the same principle , the one side is just a person i want to protect , a defenseless child or if you do n't want to go to the child-level , than there are enough adults that commit suicide because of bullying , and on the other side it is a hatefull little maniac that we have to defend because in a state of law , we ca n't decide who should have rights and who not . 
  yeah , wonderful idea , because hurting whoever you want , even with langauge , never lead to anything bad , for example to the rise of hitler or , maybe a more modern example , trump . 
  / s that people do n't understand the power of words , that it can be even more devestating than anything else , because words can lead to anything else , i really do n't understand that . 
  especially satire shows like that were used in the past and are used to shape the public opinion , which is an important and mighty tool and it should n't be abused . 
  do i think erdogan is a crazy maniac that tries to create a fasicst theocracy , yes , i do . 
  did he use his own free speech in order to frame other 's , to spread stupidity and hatred , yes , i do . 
  people like erdogan , hitler or trump would not be possible in a system where this form of non-fact-based slander is prohibited . 
  do i think b\u00f6hmermann is the first step to a nazi-germany with his words ? 
  no , but in a democracy , you ca n't decide which opinion you like or not , it can only be differentiated on objective criteria , and that is the non-fact-slander i discribed . 
  every person has his right not to be faced with such slander , and even , as much as i despise him , erdogan as well . 
  we have treat everyone the same , and that means , that b\u00f6hmermann , even when his words are aimed at someone i personally think deserves to rot away somewhere , ca n't do factless slander . 
   rule someone guilty , but not impose any punishment . 
  if we have notwehr or nothilfe , someone is not guilty because he was either justified or excused . 
  therefor , for a guilt-verdict , there has to be determind that neither of these two were at hand . 
  also , `` up to '' means that you have to punish , but it is not regulated how much punished . 
  by `` up to '' , when think someone is not that guilty , i can decide to give him a low punishment , but you ca n't just decide to give no punishment at all . 
  he said `` no punishment '' what would be like the us jury nullification , where the jury can say `` yes , he did all this , but we do n't want to . '', 
  something like that is not possible in germany . 
  first of all , there are enough leaked videos of right-wing-party gatherings with raised arms and smybolism of neo-nazi 's , therefor , yes , it is an insult , but it has a factual basis as an exaggeration . 
  if you call someone a nazi without any kind of factual basis , just anyone you meet on the streets , that is something else , but if you call pegida , a group that had people assosiated with it that mentioned that it is sad that the concentration-camps are closed and who 's founder dresses up as hitler to pose online , than yes , they have to endure to be called as nazi 's . 
  and the result of the poem is not really necessary that people have to believe it . 
  it is just enough that it was created to diminish a person without any factual basis . 
  agreed , yes , there are more forms of speech , but they are normally not within the discussion in constitutional law because it is quite clear that they are forbidden . 
  and yes , there is a high bar to reach for defamation , and b\u00f6hmermann hit this bar on purpose , he called his text even `` schm\u00e4hgedicht '' , the legal term for this kind of defamatory text that is outside of the legal protection of freedom of speech . 
  calling right-wing parties nazi 's is an accaptable exaggeration , because there are indicators that they are at least far-right . 
  with the b\u00f6hmermann-poem , it was different , because there are no indications of the functionallity of the balls of erdogan , nor that he ever participated in gangbangs . 
  yes , it was satire , but the question is , can this safe the text or did he wrote so much outside of the legally accepted that even the satirical background ca n't protect him anymore . 
  saterical speech is just speech , it has no special value , or else i could call in a joking way to call for the extermination of all jews and muslims , create a good laughter thereby .
