  there is nothing helping them more than making making all muslims culprits !, 
  since when is syria the most violent third world country , or even among them ? 
  before the is took over , it was known as prussia of the middle east because of the similarity in working ethics and that they were actually ahead of most middle-estern nations in terms of educatino and secularism . 
  the civil war and the is flipped the coin , but before it became a warzone , it was actually ( for a quasi dictatorship ) a rather developed nation . 
  i agree with you on that . 
  i had also a friend that was first moderate , but as soon as his gf left him because he was , well , let 's call it ` protective ' , he drifted and i also distanced myself from him . 
  but again , that is for me a thing that is not limited to islam , or religion at all . 
  that is the reason why i feel uncomfortable with all kind of extremism and i try to stand in the middle of most views . 
  than give me another solution ? 
  i always hear `` you should n't have done this '' , but never an other ( realistic ) idea . 
  they came , literallly millions , and there was no going back , in special after these misstranslations and utter lies were spread among the refugees in the middle east ( for example that merkel would sent them ships to take them ) . 
  they had to be spread because germany had no space at the border for such an amount of people . 
  after the first days , the borders were controlled and everyone was catched and send to refugee-homes . 
  but there , it is impossible to controle every move of them , not possible to imprison them for how-knows-long , because that way , we would have got a breeding ground for demagouguse islamic preachers to turn them against us , so they were put in refugee shelters with enough freedom that they do n't turn crazy . 
  give me another solution nobody else seemd able to think of . 
  i am athist , or at maximum agnostic . 
  i just have the human rights as my core-value , i believe in them strongly . 
  i get my pride out of the fact that i hate extremism , in any form , that i always try to see both sides and acknowledge the realistic points all of them have . 
  because of that , i am against radical anti-islam as much as i am against radical islam . 
  for me , you are walking around with blinders , ignoring that the other side are also humans , have also points , are not all bad . 
  by not looking at them , just by reading the most attrociouse parts of their story , you get the worst view possible , thereby ignoring the people that flee exactly this kind of terror , putting them on the same level as the people they are fleeing from . 
  and that sickens me . 
  i should have stated it more correctly : it is quite rare in germany . 
  in the middle east , i agree , it happens quite often . 
  that and the insane rape-laws is a reason why i could smash my head that people go to dubai for holidays , or even do weapon-trading with them . 
  we should stop this , now . 
  but that does not mean to brand all muslims as evil . 
  we are discussing the question if all muslims are evil by default , not if the moderate muslims are successfull in turkey . 
  i hate what is happening in turkey , but that does not mean we should brand all muslims . 
  already said it in this post here , but it fits to you as well  yeah , you are a clear example for perfect denial  . 
  just because something that fittet so perfectly into your little worldview does not fit anymore , you denial the facts . 
  i hope , someday , you grew up to adapt your woldview to the facts and tno the other way around . 
   turkey just has proven that moderate islam really does not exist and likely never will - except if there 'll be a huge reformation of islam , and i do not see that happen anytime soon . 
  than speak with kamalists . 
  these are the followers of the founder of turkey , kemal attat\u00fcrk . 
  he was a strong believer of seperation of chruch and state , even when they are moslems . 
  the fact that a radical group took over a nation is not a proove that the complete religion is like that . 
  it is the same as if the tea-party would take over the us , every religion has their religiouse nutjobs , as every non-religiouse idiology ( socialism , communism , kaptialism , nationalism , vegetarism ... ) . 
  every idea has parts that are moderate and parts that are extrimists , and every extrimist is a very dangerouse person . 
  i know several moderate muslims myself , and i am friends with some . 
  i am also friends with attheist persons from middle-eastern origin . 
  they are all normal and quite cool people , acutally , they are the muslims that try to reform by choosing the moderat islam !, 
  honor killings are verry rare , and the victim was a polish woman . 
  if they had an intimate relationship with her ( which is not clear yet ) , than he would already violated the sharia-laws . 
  if she was his girlfriend , this would rather strengthen the notion that it has nothing to do with islam . 
  if she would have been a muslim herself , that could be different , but not like this . 
  well , he could have stapped the people in the eyes with chopsticks  . 
  or wasabi , i bet this can be transformed into a deadly weapon :p, 
  first : i agree that they have to be sorted and that the german court-system is too soft , more first-time convicts should get ( reasonable ) jail-sentences . 
  i also agree that people that does not really flee war and that just mixed into the refugee 's for economic reasons ( often eastern europeans ) have to be sent back immidiatly . 
  i also agree with notionts to make language-programs mandatory for any kind of support , and that radical views ca n't be tollerated . 
  but i hate that all act like we had any choice back than . 
  the rufgees were comming , greece was breaking , dublin was failing , the people were already on the balkans , they actually started to force their way out of the balkan so that orban made an emergency-call to austria and germany , saying they are comming . 
  in that situation , merkel said that these people that are already on the move would be accepted . 
  this was rereported falsly ( and sometimes with ill intentions ) to make it sound like merkel invited the world . 
  the people were comming , no matter what , they were fleeing war and starvating ( since the unhcr did n't get any real funding of most of the un-natinos ) , nothing could have stopped them , only death in the sea or on the way . 
  merkel tried to get a reasonable sollution by involving all of europe , but nobody heard . 
  so , she made the only thing possible , the deal with turkey , for which she is hated again . 
  it is a nice idea that `` we should have just rejected them '' , but there is 0 realism-test in this statement , the only result by doing so would have been that these people would have came to europe and would have run around aimlessly , hiding , forced into illlegal situations that is even harder to controle than the current situation . 
  ah , again someone that does not know any muslims and never believed that moderat islam exists . 
  you could say basically the same about the radical christians in the us that did several terroristic attacks , for example , against abortion-clinics , or the extremist christian groups in northern africa whos methods you ca n't differentiate from the is . 
  same is radicals in the nationals , that here throw molotov cocktails into refugee homes people sleeping in . 
  are all that are proud of germany terrorists because a few idiots do such act of violence ? 
  no , i love germany , but i would never do that . 
  are all muslims terrorists because a few insane people commit horrible crimes ? 
  same , were all irish by default horrible people just because of ira , were all germans anarchic teorrists because of the acts of the raf in the 80 's ? 
  by putting a complete group of people into the category terrorist , you are part of what makes more of them terrorists in the first place !, 
  how do i turn a blind eye if i just point out the facts : it was a crime as it happens quite often ( sadly ) . 
  culprits in this kind of acts are from all kind of groups , no matter which religion or origin . 
  to point out that this specific incident would n't have happend if there would be immigration of the middle east is pointless because such crimes would and will still happen . 
  i do n't deny problems that are there , but this one here is not a problem of immigration , it is a problem of humanity in general . 
  something else is real islamic terror that has to be battled , like the axe-swinger and , quite likly , the suicide bomber from yesterday . 
  in special in the later , it has to be checked how it could have been prevented that he got the possibility to build such a thing . 
  also , the checks of the people came here has to be speeded up , the problem is that there is not enough specialist personell to do this fast enough . 
  i also think that criminals are judged to soft in germany . 
  i do n't want an american model either , but it is necessary to be more firm in order to archive anything , in special with immigrants ( in special turkish in the second or third generations ) since , when they were raised traditionally , they need a hard hand that they would respect , not the soft german courts . 
  such crimes happens all the time . 
  they worked together , it is not clear if they had an intim relationship , eye-witnesses say that they had an argument that went out of hand . 
  someone here mentioned that he used a knife they use at the place where he works - so nothing special . 
  crimes like these are unpretty , but happens done by all kind of people , immigrants or not . 
  to blame the migration is just agenda-pushing . 
  it is not known what his religion was , probably muslim , and to be frank , at this point , it has no meaning what it was since exactly these kind of attacks happens in all religions . 
  morbid jealousy is not limited to muslims , neither is acting violent because of it . 
  other 's would have probably used a gun or a kitchen knife to commit it , so the machete might be quite special here , but that is not the point . 
  the only reason why this got so much attention and is now seen as a `` islamic problem '' is because of the context of the last days . 
  yeah , you are a clear example for perfect denial  . 
  just because something that fittet so perfectly into your little worldview does not fit anymore , you denial the facts . 
  i hope , someday , you grew up to adapt your woldview to the facts and tno the other way around . 
  you can see this full retard at the comments and voting here as well . 
  mentioning that it was not a terroristic attack -  only refering to his religion , trying to deny any evidence as manipulated , downvoting every fact that is against their believe . 
  man , these people are pathetic . 
  religion of the culprit has nothing to do if it was a terroristic islamist terror-attack or not . 
  as long as he did n't do it because of the religion and to spread terror , it is not an terroristic attack . 
  if his motive was revenge or hatred towards this woman , than it is not terror , but a rather standart murder . 
  edit : you are aware that insane crimes are done not only by muslims ? 
  the woman that was convicted just a few days ago for at least slaughtering 4 of her 9 dead newborns that were found in her cupboard was not a muslim . 
  was that christian terror ? 
  wrong , the first attacker that run wild with an axe in a train clearly was identified as an terroristic islamist attack . 
  the only thing is that germany checks first before they call every random crime comitted by an immigrant `` terroristic attack '' ( well , with the clear exemption of some bavarian ministers ) . 
  edit : to refere most likly to the allegedly `` allahu akbar '' calls of munich : that was only one single eye-witness that only called cnn about that , noone else ever reportet that .
