  our border nations are among the poorest , see greece for example . 
  but they have to spend the most since they are the only one that really might face threats from the outside of schengen . 
  either the eu pays them for having this military ( and than do n't have a say in how it is specifically used since it would stay the nations military ) , or it is centralized as an eu-army . 
  also , take into account the current refugee-crisis that demands a higher attendence in the meditaranien see and russia who are at the moment in quite an ego-trip that nobody knows what they do next , and we have even more demand of a military defending our schengen-area . 
  it is also another step to secure peace between the eu-nations , since , for what else do you need an army within the eu as eu-member other than that you want to prepare for the case that you either attack another eu-nation or get attacked by an eu-nation . 
  but first , that is highly unlikly after we have so much connection within the eu that every war on eu-soil would damage everyone intensly , and secondly , to prevent such wars is exactly for what the eu was made , to work together as a new alternative to the war-driven system we had before . 
  with a joined military force , there is this gone , and there is only one thing left to defend , from attacks from outside of the eu . 
  depends . 
  if you watch what we call `` assi-tv '' ( basically the shows is stereotpically assosiated with uneducated people ) you here wrong usage of the gender rather regularly . 
  but if someone is normally educated , it only happens rarley . 
  i heard of ideas to stop teaching that in school , but at least at the moment , every kid from probably 3rd grade ( i am not that exactly sure ) learns how to write cursive and it is the most common way to write . 
  and what is about the restrictions of the constitutional court ? 
  or the restrictions on the free media ? 
  or the law that makes homelessnes a crime ( which happend before the refugee crisis is therefor ont linked to the refugees ) ? 
  or the restriction of voters with mental disabilities ? 
  you can find even more violations in this report of human rights watch : https://www.hrw.org/news/2015/02/18/hungary-outstanding-human-rights-concerns, 
  by cripling democratic principles and violating human rights ( of his own citicens ) ? 
  just one example : https://www.hrw.org/europe/central-asia/hungary, 
  genders and the right artikles . 
  words have different articles depending on the gender of the word , and since the gender of a lot of words seem to be rather random , you either know it or not . 
  there are even fights over the gender of some things ( most notibly the word `` nutella '' with the never-ending discussion if it is feminin or neuter , which should n't be adiscussion , since the - a ending is , derived from latin , normally a femal ending :p ) . 
   until one of them feels comfortable enough to offer something else it has to be mentioned that there are rules of who should offer this . 
  normally , the superior is the one offering the informal speech , so it often boils down to the rank of the person within the hirarchy of the company . 
  but also age is a thing . 
  so , when you have a 30 year old supervisor and a 60 year old employee , it might be that the employee would offer the informal speech , and not the supervisor . 
  it is a little bit complicated and it often boils down to the situation and who feels more secure as the other . 
  i doubt that there is at the moment a consense on any further expansion of the eu , and i think until the eu is not stable again , it will not happen . 
  the only real possibility i see is , if england ever trigger art . 
  50 and scottland or even northern ireland decides to split up from the uk , they would probably get a free pass into the eu . 
  what most people tend to forget ( as seen by the brexit campaign ) , the eu can only be expanded if all memberstates agree upon that . 
  so , even when one nation do n't disagrees , no further nation can join . 
  it is not in the nato-stutes that they fight within civil wars , they only engage in inter-state-wars , and that for a good reason . 
  imagine that erdogan could call the nato for his next attempt to bomb out the kurds in his nation ( which would be possible under this precedent ), 
  not that i could remember , but honestly , i sucked at english during school and even had to repeat a year thanks to english ( and latin ) , so i am maybe not the most reliable source when it comes to english in school  . 
  and that with adjective order : i doubt that there is such a thing in german . 
  what it does change is the emphysis on the adjectives . 
  if you take a green great dragon , i would assume it is a great dragon that is green , so the great is the more defining adjective . 
  with the great green dragon , i would assume it is the greatest of all green dragons . 
  well , we do n't know what farage is plotting at the moment . 
  maybe he works on an instrument to create a techtonic rift between europe and the uk so that he can finally move the uk towards the middle of the atlantik so that the uk can be truely souveraign . 
  but until he suceeded with that , yeah , they can continue to write here . 
  germany is the nation of the recycling ( but when i read here , some more european nation do the same :d ) basically , each home has 3-4 different dumpsters . 
  * blue : paper * yellow : plastic * brown : bio-matter ( like garbage from your gardening or thinks like banana-skins ) * black : residual waste each of these containers are collected every two weeks by a company hired by the city , normally on 4 different days . 
  for special waste , you have to drive to the landfill . 
  for example electronics , metal waste , bulk garbage ( for that , you can also call the local garbage-company , they have one time a month when they drive around and collect everything ) , batteries , toxic material like paint and so on . 
  for glass-garbage , there are special collecting-containers all around the city so that you do n't have to drive to the landfill for that . 
  there is also a container for paper for these that have either not a paper-container themselves ( costs extra for the owner ) or that have just some big amount of paper to throw away so that the own container is not enough . 
  as a german , i had no clue that such a thing is planned . 
  in prinziple it is the same . 
  the german constitution first says that the power to make laws are within the states as long as the constitution does not give the power to the federal parliament . 
  there are two kinds of emporenment of the federal legislative body : the exclusive legislative power and the concurrent legislative power . 
  within the exclusive legislative power , the federal perliament has alone the legislative power . 
  that is for example for questions of citicenship , postal and telecommunication services , the structure of the court-system and such stuff . 
  than we have the concurrent legislative power , there , the states have ( in general , there are some special froms that are to complicated here ) as long legislative power as long as the federal parliament has n't created law . 
  in special here we have big differences to the us since the complete civil law and the complete criminal code are included in this legislative power of the federal government and the federal parliament used this right exhaustingly so that there is no room for state-law . 
  in general , you can say that the main power of the states lies in governmental law , how they structure the local government , the state-police and other bodies of the executive , how to form their schools , what to do culturally and some ( but not all ) rules for companies how to run their businesses . 
   do n't feed the bears !, 
  ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ want ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ get ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ darwin-award, 
  yeah , that is a good advise for anyone visiting a foresty and mounty area . 
  i lost a friend of mine because he got the good idea to wander of alone into the mountains when he was in kanada for an exchange . 
  tripped when he tried to cross a little stream and broke his leg . 
  he was found a week and a half later . 
  yeah , mine only can manage to drive 170 km/h when the conditions around me are good . 
  but most comming here to drive on the autobahn rent cars that could , if not limited , reach maybe 250 km/h or more . 
  yes , you can only drive as fast as you can controle it . 
  so , if there is rain or slightly dense traffic , speeding without limits is deemed reckless driving and is an offense . 
  the autobah is not a racing track and that there are many places with quite a lot of speed limits . 
  and that even when there are no speed limits , you , if you are not used to it , will definitly have problems to handle the car properly . 
  so , if you want to go somewhere to speed , get to the n\u00fcrburgring or any other racing-track and enjoy the speed there , but do n't endanger the lifes of normal people driving on these highways with their children . 
  edit : and do n't think this information is not critical , if you look on r/germany how many questions are regularly asked about where to get the fastest car and complains when rent-cars are limited to something just over 200 km/h , you get quite sick . 
  democracy is a flawed system , but it is the best system we have today . 
  therefor , no , not really :d . 
  that is kinda cool to learn . 
  it happend kinda opposit in germany . 
  due to the fact that every kaiser was elected by the electors , they were able to demand basically over time more and more from the new kaisers for their votes . 
  it was normally quite clear to elect the child of the last kaiser , but nontheless , the electors let their kaiser pay quite a lot for their votes , eroding his power more and more . 
  in addition to the religiouse wars that basically undermind the fundamental concept of the position of the kaiser , that he was basically there to defend christianity ( after all , which christianity should he defend , the evangelic or catholic ? 
  ) , his position fell more and more apart until the holy roman empire was declared basically dead in 1806 . 
  well , you have to consider the different history when you think of decentralization . 
  you mentioned germany . 
  as a fact , germany as it is existed not before the end of the 19th century , before that , germany consisted out of a hell lot of single kingdoms that did n't really liked each other a lot . 
  only the work of bismark ( and the hatred against the french , so - ehm - thank you ? ), 
  made it possible to form the germany as we know it today . 
  but that means it was way easier to make germany decentralized because it was it from the beginnging . 
  france , on the oppsit , was , as far as i remember it , for quite a long time first a kingdom , than a republic . 
  there was enough time that the nation got dezentrialized , and now it is more difficult to change that . 
  well , this was deliberatly put at the first place , as the most important constituional part . 
  most of the human rights , as they are represented in our current constitution , existed already in the weimarer republic , just basically in the end of the constitution . 
  they were n't seen as important , were n't read very often and basically neglected . 
  most people know the start of their constitution , the first massage these pages want to tell you , therefor it was decided , when this constitution was written in the aftermath of wwii , to put the defining piece of law right there were everybody can read it , and that is the protection of the human digntiy from which point onward the constitution shall be growing . 
  by the way , in law , the actual order is quite important , one method of interpreting laws is the structural interpretation , and placement is quite a significant part of this form to read law . 
   i want to know what europeans think . 
   never seem to get proper answers you want to hear that we think the same as you , and when we disagree we are eurocucks :d, 
  and you get these downvotes for your bs comments . 
  and if you want the proper answers you like , go to r/the _ donald , there you might find people sharing your opinions . 
  man , i see why you delet every single entry you make after just a short time . 
  this way , people ca n't follow all the bs you are writing here everywhere all the time . 
  i adore the freedoms our constitutions provides for us , and actually , it provides more freedom for every single person than the us does for theirs since the us also provides the freedom to surpress others . 
  man , as usual , facts do n't matter for you . 
  leaving school after 13 years in germany ( without making the final exame ) does not mean you have n't finished school , it only means that you did n't passed the test to allow you to study .
