  to be honest , the second versoin , the intigrated multiculti , is a difficult way to go , for both sides , the one that intigrate into a new society as well as the people to accept these others as part of their own nation , and rejection of either of these sides can lead fastly to irritation and even hatred , and than we have a problem . 
  for a community to work good , it needs both , a hand reached out to welcome the people new in the culture as well as the willigness to accept this offered hand , and the question is how we can promote the sentiment of openess more so that the already hardened fronts that already exists all over the place loosen up . 
  of course not , but depending on the income of the father , his personal situation ( meaning marriage , how many other children he already has ) will determine how much of his money he has to pay for his out of marriage child . 
  but that means that the kid will not get only the money from the state , but can participate on the economic wellbeeing of his father just as his siblings . 
  this way , there is at least some equalization . 
  of course , nothing prevents the father of favorizing some of his children more , that is just in marriage as possible as it is out of the marriage , but now , he has the duty to at least let his out-of-marriage child partizipate . 
  but this would affect the life of out-of-marriage children significantly . 
  for kids that are born inside a marriage , it is normal for a parent to pay quite a lot more than the necessary minimum the state could provide for , and it would happen even more when the state pays a complete child-support for these children as well . 
  the kid that was born outside of a marriage ( or even a partnership ) has not such luck and has only to relay on the income of the mother ( if she has any ) . 
  actually , at least here in germany , there was a decade long fight until the right of the child outside of the marriage was finally widly equalized , that it has the same right as a heir , that it gets at least the same money as a child born inside a marriage . 
  if that is not the case , for example when the father has two children , one with his wife , one with his secretary ( to take this stereotype ) , the child of the wife will get child support + whatever the father pays for it , while the other child only gets child support . 
  at this point , we are jsut back to the same injustice that is a violation of the right of the child . 
  with such a basic income , it could be argued that parents could opt-out ( even when i am still against it because the quality of life of the child would still suffer when the father earns anything more about basic income himself ) . 
  without i think it is a hugh violation of the rights of the child . 
  it has nothing to do with the mother , but as soon as the child is born his wellbeeing has to be secured . 
  the child has no fault in beeing born , the two that did it were the mother and the father , so they carry the responsibility . 
  normally , the woman will take responsibility by dedicating her life for the child , if the man does not want to do it , than it is his problem . 
  the situation with the abortion is that the life of the child would never had started , so the child will not suffer his upbringing is not sufficiently funded . 
  but this procedure is extreamly invasive both physically and mentally , so there is not way for the man to prevent the life of the child to be created , and honestly , that is his fault . 
  if he does not want to have kids , he could have first used sufficient protection ( not relaying on one system alone , but use at least two : condom and pill for example ) and teach himself how to use this stuff properly , and if there is in question if they work , than do n't fuck around . 
  in the end , if the father `` opt 's out '' , the mother will normally have neither time to care for the child nor to work properly to give the child any financial stability , and that this can fuck up a child 's life is easily imaginable since there are enough useless father 's that simply do not pay and the results are regularly very hard on the child . 
  in special , this will violate the rights especially hard on kids born outside of marriage , kids for whom 's equal rights we fought for decades until discrimination was finally abolished ( at least in germany ) . 
  this law would basically put them back in the situation of the middle ages where bastards could be discriminated against as much as you want . 
  i am also pro-man 's rights , but only as long as it does not violate the safty and the rights of the child . 
  so , i am for rights of the father for tests if he is the father , i am for the rights of the father to demand the reveil of the true father if the test shows that he is not , i want more visitation-rights for the father , i want that the courts more often decide that the father will get single custody if he is the better upbringer for the child . 
  i am for all these rights where the father , if he wants , can be a full part of the child 's life , even when the mother wants to prevent it . 
  i also want hotlines for abused men and more open discussion in schools about the abuse of men and boys , that this is nothing to be ashamed about . 
  so , i want all of that , but this has nothing to do if i agree to fuck up the life of unwanted children , their life is difficult enough . 
   i also do n't know how the christian faith looks at marry non christ . 
  i know priest who allow marriage to atheist and priests who even do n't allow marriage to divorced christians . 
  this view changed over time . 
  my grandfather was officially thrown out of the catholic church when he married a protestant woman in 1950 's germany . 
  but due to the change of society and the decreasing amount of chruch-members , these rules were loosend up until they stop to exist . 
  yep , this thing is ugly as hell , but the lecture hall is n't much batter . 
  and they even put these three buildings ( the library , the lecture hall and the philosophikum ) into the preservation of historic interest as symbols of the post-war concrete-construction . 
  the [ central building ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/universit%c3%a4t_zu_k%c3%b6ln#/media/file:pano-unikoeln-magnusplatz.jpg ) of my university . 
  it was built between 1929 and 1935 and the architectonic structure shows several signs of this time . 
  but the complete university is a quite annoying stil-mix . 
  we have this time 's building as the central building , the concrete buildings on the other side of the university square that are extreamly ugly , and right next to the central building a hyper-modern thingy with green windows . 
  that is basically as dumb incitment of hatred as calling for any other nation or group of people to be destroyed . 
  so it is possible that there would be charges for incitment of hatred . 
  the big problem with the monarchy that it is a big gamble who will be the heir of the thrown for this generations . 
  i highly doubt that any monarchy started with fools , but when the system was established , one of the strongest or best leaders were able to claim the thrown in the first place . 
  but a good parent does not mean that the child will be not a total fool and a disaster . 
  and the generations of inbreeding among the nobility did n't made the case better . 
  so , basically , in the beginning , a lot of systems have their positives , but , depending on the system , the chances of deterrioation is extreamly different , and in a monarchy , it is pure luck if the next generation will not destroy everything . 
  the intnetion has to be to cause a state of panick . 
  this is normally archieved by a wide-spread and in special random attack that is meant to cause as many casualities as possible . 
  the intent should not be to hit the special victim , but to distabalize the public . 
  as far as my fast googling of amsterdam goes , that is not the case here . 
  at least amsterdam was a `` normal '' crime by an islamist idiot , not a terroristic attack . 
  well , nobody can tell this for sure . 
  it is true that several planed attacks were foiled by the police and security services , but if that is the sole reason or if the others just wait - only the radical islmists can tell you that . 
  to be honest , after what happend in the us , i am really glad that our chancellor is elected by the parliament , same with the president that has its own special body for election . 
  after everything he has done so far during the election and after his victory : yes , i have a unreasonable hope that the ellectoral collage will diside that they ca n't bear the responsibility to vote for such a person and so there might be at least a remote chance that there is a change in the situation . 
  edit : and before there are cries that i hate democracy because of that : the american election-system is quite broken , hillary will loose with probably 2 million more votes and the electoral collage was cereated in misstrust for the electoral base and as a corrective to prevent maniacs to become president . 
  so , if trump wins by a broken system , than it should be okay to let him fail by exactly this broken system . 
  or aua !, 
  well , my grandmother lived in wwii ( and died just 4 years ago at the blessed age of 99 ) , most of my aunts and aunts were kids during that time , my mother was rather late born . 
  we have also still family members alife from that time . 
  nontheless , these stories are so far in the history that there is not that of a deep connection anymore . 
  i just wanted to say that , beginning at that age , there are more that change until we reach the area of the 80 + . 
  i know that my mother still has for parts the horror of that time more visible in her mind since she was born mere 12 years after the end of the war and her father died due to an illnes of the kidney he got in an russian war-prison . 
  due to that , there is a stronger emotional connection to that time as for me who missed the existence of the berlin wall by a day . 
  despite that all people blame germany 's actions for nazi-guild , that is not the case . 
  it may be true for some of our oldest , but for everyone younger than 40-50 , the war and the nazi-time is a different age of humanity that feels as far behind us as the french revolution . 
  there is no guilt , just the idea of society to make the basic law to a core of our society and our politics . 
  because of that i am rather disguested by the people that discuss with so little regard to the most fundamental human rights , it feels like i speak with someone from the stone-ages that lost his humanity . 
  well , there are several aspects , for one , i want to get a more unfiltered view of what is happening in the world by consuming media from other places as well . 
  in special if you are interested in international politics and law , you should not only limit yourself to your home media . 
  also , it is interesting to get into contact with people from other places . 
  you wo n't understand your own system , your own political view without letting it run against other 's , discussing it , maybe adapting your view with other ideas or consolidate your view by seeing how you like your system better . 
  and last but not least , i like to fight , and reddit is a great place for this . 
  if i feel like it , i jump into worldnews or , in some parts r/europe or here and test my own believes in arguing for these . 
  during such arguments , you are also forced to think deeper and more intense about why you have the position i stand in for , and during each of these discussions , i learn more about myself as well . 
  also , as someone who is a basic-law-patriotic , i like to defend our system and the human rights  . 
  as someone who has a high risk of giving a disability into the next generation that encludes a danger of autism ( like my sister ) , i have to say - i prefer to prevent such a life to be formed , so i am rather on the side of ending it as long as it is not more than a bunch of cells . 
  also , the life of children that were born in difficult / onloving / etx . 
  situations can be the living hell without problems . 
  so , all in all , i think it is better that the mother , if she is properly consulted by a physician , to decide whether she wants to go this step or not . 
  well , if i would have to guess , it is because it maybe ca n't be ensured that these people will end in the other 's nation 's prison , so the punishing character would fail and the retribution for the victims would fall short . 
  it is probably seen as the bigger punishment to injail them here than letting them life freely in their home nation . 
  i do n't really know , i had the lecture a couple of years ago , so i ca n't really remember the reasoning . 
  but i googled it and there are a few in this pdf that tries to give the ratio of why consideration is needed in common law : http://www.uio.no/studier/emner/jus/jus/jus5260/v12/undervisningsmateriale/consideration.pdf one thing that i took out of this pdf that might be special to the us-system is the reason with damage . 
  in us-courts , if you fail to perform a contract , the prefered way of compensation is a monetary liability , meaning that you have to pay for the damage if possible . 
  only if there are specific reasons why monitary damage does not work , you can be forced to do what you were obliged to . 
  because of that , a contractual worth of something can be really helpful . 
  in germany , it is the opposit . 
  `` pacta sunt servanda '' , contracts have to be followed . 
  if you fail to perform a contract in germany , the court will first and formost deemand you to do your contractual obligations , and only if there are specific reasons why this does not work , you get monitary damages . 
  because of that , it is easier to enforce the fullfilment of a promise , becaues we do n't need a specific value for that . 
  as a native german , i never had problem with this word . 
  a cluster can be translated as `` haufen '' , that is fucked . 
  basically , it means that there it is not only one thing fucked , but a confusing mess that fails completly , and where you are just confused when you try to look at it and when the only thing you notice that the complete system is borken . 
  at least that is how i understood it intuitionally . 
  it 's basically about presents . 
  promising a present ( do n't have to be written ) can be a binding contractual obligation . 
  in english law , there is a hugh debate if promises like `` if you turn 16 without doing xyz , you get my car '' . 
  there is a hugh discussion what has to be demanded to make it a real contract . 
  where in germany , you just can promise `` if you turn 16 , i give you my car '' without anything and it can be a binding contract ( if there is a way to proove that there was the will to form a binding promise ) .
