  same goes with homosexuality . 
  let them do whatever they want as long as they do n't hurt each other like that . 
  they are free to do what they want . 
  there is no way of `` curing '' this , these people are like that , for whatever reason , as long as they are happy with their life like it is , it is nobody 's business , and no matter what , the attempt to cure it is rather annoying since there is no way to do so . 
   the hypocrisy of liberalism is that it ca n't defend itself . 
  i am for allowing them to wear whatever they want . 
  but i have zero doubt this will back fire immensely in the next 10-15 years ( in fact it has already started ) . 
  i find it very conflicting how people believe it is free will that is the most important but then go around and impose will and morality on people . 
  morality is a human construct . 
  today 's morality will not be tomorrow 's . 
  as a lawyer , i have to disagree . 
  free will is the most important as long as it does not violate the fundamental structures the society is based upon . 
  these structurs are in modern days the human rights and the laws of the different nations that are based on these . 
  you are free as sofar your freedom does not violate the freedom of others . 
  insofar , no , i am not a liberalist ( actually , a true libaralist would defend the hairdresser since it his her freedom not to serve . ), 
  since i believe that the freedom of everyone has to be limited to a certain amount to create the most freedom for all . 
  and that is the point where the system actually can and will defend itself . 
  either you play according to the rules that are extracted out of the principles of human rights or you will fail ( as the hairdresser just did ) . 
  this way , this system is actually able to defend itself quite well against both , idiots from the left and idiots from the right , republican maniacs as well as islamist idiots . 
   and that is my point . 
  arguments can be made for both sides . 
  but you are picking an absolute instead of meeting at the middle . 
  refusing service as long as she wears it should be allowed . 
  the hijb is not part of her body like skin color is . 
  arguments can only based on both sides if you argue from the point of view of one of these , not from a meta-perspective . 
  the meta-perspective is here the human rights , which can , agreed , change over time , depending of the societal structures , but they were made to create an open society for all kinds of believes as long as everybody respects the freedom of others enough . 
  the human rights does not know color or specific religion , or even a specific world view other than not to unreasonable harm others with your actions . 
  what the hairdresser failed to do was recognizing the freedom of religion and exercise thereof of that woman , as her state demands her to recognize by running a business . 
  by looking into it , i got with the second entry i clicked on a headline `` three turks and someone with a german passport '' and with that , your complete argument is scewed . 
  first , turks are the biggest minority we have ( with sadly the highest criminal record ) but they are here for decades , so your attempt to paint it like this map is a representation of the refugee-crisis is proovable wrong . 
  the actual statstics of the federal police says that , as long as you do n't count crimes that are about illegally crossing the border ( in which every single refugee is counted and what causes that the statistcs is not showing an actual image of the situation ) , you will see that crimes from syrians are not even in the top 10 of german crimes by nationality , but i think somewhere around 14 . 
  besides turks that lead this statistic , nearly every every eastern european nationality commits more crimes in germany than syrians . 
  just watch the complete clilp . 
  for example if the applicable office that file these id 's only have open 4 times a year , and that at times where people that ca n't get holidays easily ca n't come , than is starts to make sense . 
  when you demand something that is normally rather understandable to demand , but make it nearly impossible for minorities to get these documents , it becomes racist . 
  yeah , but on the other hand , circumstances can have a lot of meaning . 
  here , the hairdresser was so stupid that she actually acknowledge at least `` political '' motives . 
  in other cases , it becomes more complicated to proove it . 
  i do n't know really anything about russia , but the us without any racial segregation ? 
  are you a professor only in name or do you live in a little bubble outside of our universe ? 
  the us is one of the prime examples of long running racism that , agreed , became better in the last decades , but we are still not that far away from the jimmy crow laws and we still had just a little while ago attempts to create laws that deny especially black voters the right to go to the ballot https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhfowlmcdto edit : in another video i ca n't find at the moment , it was deemed by the courts that the state tailerd there law with surgical precision to take away as much black as possible their voting rights without taking it away from to many whits by analysing the voting happits of these groups in beforehand . 
  but leaving the echr was a important point of the brexit campaign . 
  not a native myself :d . 
  yeah , it is a valid reason to deny service to woman in gay swingerclubs . 
  edit : the thing is , you have to look at the nature of the company itself and if the valid reason is within the nature of the company , some discrimination is okay . 
  for example : the nature of a gay swingerclub is to serve gay man . 
  the nature of a turkish butchery is to sell only hallal food , but there is no place in denying these services to every religion if they want to eat hallal , but you ca n't force the hallal-butcher to serve anything else than hallal stuff since it would go agains the nature of the business . 
  you can have male-only hairdresser since it is a specialization into certain cuts , you can have woman only hairdresser out of the same reason . 
  you can deny service to woman that have hair you ca n't handle . 
  every shop has , in its nature , different reasons to discriminate , as long as the reason is not just `` i do n't like headscarfs '' , than it is okay . 
  it was done in a lot of places all over the world , from the us ( with blacks ) , to germany ( with jews ) , and i bet that in a lot of other conflicts this was used as well . 
  but even than , why do n't you want to learn from other 's mistakes ? 
  because you have the right to do the same mistakes alike just so that your own past is as rigged as ours ? 
  great idea !, 
  again , that is something the single person has to decide for herself , it is rather a political garment or a religiouse demand , as every religion , the interpretation of the rules can change between areas . 
  and as a law-student , i am aware that judges can get it wrong sometimes , but basically , you are assuming with your argumentation that the judge was clearly wrong since you do n't like the outcome . 
  but she identified something that was for the woman a religiouse symbol to be the aim of her `` political problem '' ( an no , it does not have to be mentioned in the scriputre to be an religiouse belief , the person only has to see it as duty in her religion due to traditions that it can become something like that ) . 
  and the judge has actually to decide if this `` political reasonig '' is just a way to talk yourself out of the fine or truth , and it seemed the judge decided that the `` political motives '' were not the driving factor . 
  well , i agree sort of . 
  i do n't think that religiouse teaching is always a bad thing , but i do n't think that there should be any `` binding '' rituals before that age . 
  for example , the circumcision of boys is something i am rather furiouse about it when it happens before they turn 14 ( the german age of religiouse idependence for the child , when it can legally decide everything about his religiosue life for his own ) . 
  the baptism is okay since it does not do anything physically with the child . 
  but because i am also rather critical about this religiouse indoctrination , i am quite glad about mandatory schoolvisits between the age of 6 and 16 , so that the kids get the option to see something else than what their parents denounce as truth . 
  fist , only a few hairdresser actually come to your home and do yur hair there . 
  most of them rent a seat in a shop that is open to public , and here , they have to serve everyone that comes in that they are capable of serving . 
  and even if she was not , she still would have to serve as long as she is capable of doing so , or at least , she would have to deny it due to another reason than the woman beging muslim . 
  because even when it is somewhat of a `` choice '' ( historically , very few people are able to get away from their believes if they were indoctrinated quite early ) , religion was and still is one of the most important causes of conflict , be it during the middle ages where half of the german population died during the 30 years wars between catholics and protestants , or today in the middle east where mainly shiits and sunits are slaugthering each other . 
  for the german version of this fundamental principle , i think the main reason lays back in the westphalian peace where the biggest war in german history ended . 
  this was archieved by the principle `` live and let live '' meaning that all people would from there on live their religion privatly at home and in church , but not in public . 
  on the other hand , nobody should discriminate the other due to his ( other ) religion , keeping thereby the society at piece by making them interact with each other . 
  of course , this did n't work over night and even in the 1950 , you would be kicked out of the church if you marry the wrong catholic beliefe , but still , the principle was founded and actually worked pretty well to stop the slaughtering from happening . 
  no , she ca n't . 
  read the equality act-legislation of the eu ( the directives 2000/43/ec ; 2000/78/ec ; 2002/73/ec ; 2004/113/ec ) . 
  all these rules state that she ca n't deny to work for people without a valid reason , at least as long as she has a store that is acessible for everyone . 
  you really did n't read the article , did you ? 
  please , read it and than come back . 
  if that is the reason , it is valid , but without taking a look at the specific hair , but by openly denying due to the head-scarf , she basically fucked up . 
  also , i know that a lot of black people have these extreamly dense hair , but as far as i now ( or as i saw myself ) , i never saw any difference with hair from people from the middle east , there is no special structure that would prevent service . 
  but again , if that is the case , that they deny upon that , it is valid , but that was not the case here . 
  but without the eu , these domestic laws can be changed . 
  i mean , if you open up a hairdressing shop aimed at punk haircuts , it seems valid to say to deny service to every non-punk out there . 
  you may not even know how to do non-punk haircuts . 
  -  valid reason . 
  same thing happens with the lady in op . 
  she can rightly say she does n't know how to style non-caucasian hair . 
  -  but that was not the reason , she even accepted that she did it because she did n't like the head-scarf . 
  if you would come with a afro into a shop that never have seen an afro before , than you can say sorry , i have no clue . 
  this is a differenciation on a factual basis that you literally ca n't serve her . 
  but , as far as i now , there is no big difference to arabian hair and european hair , so such a difference would be rather constructed . 
  but again , she did n't said that she has no clue about how to handle the hair ( for that , she would have let the woman take the headscarf up and examine it , than give a valid reason due to these technical details ) . 
  no , the thing is `` you can deny only if there is a reason to deny '' , and this reason can be in the nature of the company . 
  if the nature of the company is to serve high-class food , you can demand that only people enter that are wearing something that fits in . 
  everything boils down to the reason , if the nature of the company or the event gives a reson to discrimination . 
  not because of rase or religion , or not directly . 
  the rule is pretty clear , you ca n't deny service without a good reason . 
  for bouncers : if the person is too drunk -  good reason because they are agressive ; when the club is aimed for a certain age-group and the person is too old -  good reason since having a humogenouse group partying is a valid reason ; muslims -  actually a possible reason since the do n't drink alcohol , at least if you would n't accept other non-alcohol drinker as well ; sex -  there is a valid reason to keep the party gender-mixed , by accepting to many of the same gender , you will spoil the party . 
  so baiscally , a discrimination is possible as long as the reason is valid . 
  for a party , there are a bunch of different reasons since it is the nature of parties to have only certain things in them , for a hairdresser , their are less since there is no problem in the nature of making hairs that prevent you from accepting certain people . 
  not in the eu due to an eu-directive that says that you ca n't discriminate due to gender , race , sexual orientation , religion , etc , without a valid reason to do so ( no woman in gay swingerclubs for example ), 
  equality-laws are existing in all eu-states since they are part of eu-directive .
