  all criminal law is federal law , germany has no state criminal law . 
  nontheless , the courts are structured in a way that there are quite alot of differences between the different courts . 
  they will equalized the higher the court will get , so when a trial ends in front of the highest court , there is no difference . 
  but here , the problem is that a local prosecuter dicided not to press charges . 
  and , as i said , the decision of this prosecuter was wrong , but notnheless , this case is in contrast to the rulings of the al-nur-mosque where the imam was convicted of incitment to hatred against not-islamic-believers , which is the majority of germans . 
  thus , there is a clear court-ruling that the minority can incite against the majority , in contrast to the decision of a prosecuter in the case in hamburg . 
   outstanding and where do you have that ? 
  the problem with this ruling of hamburg ( which i again , think was wrong ) is that the person shittalked about all of germans , thereby not dicriminating against any subgroup , but the complete populus . 
  that includes also the turks . 
  if he would define that as `` whits '' `` christians '' `` infidels '' or anything , than you have a `` national , racial , religious group or a group defined by their ethnic origins , against segments of the population or individuals '' . 
  but , to be honest , i think the state-prosecuter in the case citet earlier was rather nitpicker , which is actually a really bad way to lawyer , but hamburg is known to have rather strange appliation of law ( same as cologne ), 
  well , the thing is , ideas are free , but not every form of epxression of it . 
  it is free to say `` i do n't like refugees in germany , i think they should stay were they are . 
  they bring terror to germany that was n't here before '' . 
  it is not free to say `` we should take the next truck and run them over !, 
  we should burn their houses !, 
  these are hero 's that are doing that !, 
  why are n't these people shot by first stepping foot on europe !, 
  everyone of them rapes at least 10 woman a day ! '', 
  this is a very important difference . 
  the battle of ideas is essential in a democracy , but only as long as they stay out of purposly forging lies , exagerating in order to cause hatred , or just go into dump polemic just to spread hatred . 
  i think they participated in the recruitment , but the problem with this is that there are normally not many links that connect the imam directly with isis . 
  as far as i followed the current problems , it is that the imam basically do the groundwork and than someone else comes to the already brainwashed islamist and offers the connection with the isis . 
  this way , the imam is not personally member of a terror organization and thus can not be convicted for that . 
  and no , no minority can do as many incitment of hatred , because even when they are just a minority , incitment is capable of disturbing the public peace , and thus it creates a criminal liabilty . 
  the written law also makes no distinction :  whosoever , in a manner capable of disturbing the public peace  1 . incites hatred against a national , racial , religious group or a group defined by their ethnic origins , against segments of the population or individuals because of their belonging to one of the aforementioned groups or segments of the population or calls for violent or arbitrary measures against them ; or  2 . assaults the human dignity of others by insulting , maliciously maligning an aforementioined group , segments of the population or individuals because of their belonging to one of the aforementioned groups or segments of the population , or defaming segments of the population ,  shall be liable to imprisonment from three months to five years . 
  i have no clue about that special case , but the imam of the al-nur-mosque in berlin for exampe was charged and convicted for incitment to hatred , and the mosque was closed down completly , all fundings were confiscated and the organization was disbanded as illegal organization . 
  edit : and even if i think this argumentation of this state-prosecuter is rather idiotic , even in that case my claim would n't be wrong . 
  what she said was n't that such speech can only be against minorities , but that it can only be against a groupd that can be defined as part of the german population , not all of them . 
  so , if you say `` all germans ... '' than you have the complete population , including all muslims etc. 
  if you say `` all christians '' or `` all infidels '' , than you have a difinable subgroup of germans . 
  nontheless , i think the state-prosecuter is wrong here and i thing she should have tried to bring that to court , but sadly mistakes happen . 
  ehm , incitment of hatred does not care about the feelings of the one that was incited against . 
  the only one that are looked up are the friends of the inciter and ask if they have more hatred in them due to these comments , and if the comment was targeted to create a sentiment that is sufficient that the sentiment itself might lash out into violence . 
  because of that , the imam in the backroom that preaches to eliminate all christians is still inciting , even when no christian will ever hear a word to get angry about it . 
  while the american discussion about hate-speech is actually totally different to the german incitment of hatred . 
  hate speech bases on the idea of the hecklers veto , that you should n't be bared of speeking your mind because another one might get angry because of that . 
  well , that is actually also true in germany . 
  you can be in an elevator full of jews and say they should all die in hell for them being jews and you would n't have commitet incitment of hatred . 
  incitment of hatred is a law that prevents you to spread your hatred against another group , meaning that , when you speak in order to make your own peers hate this targeted group more , and that in a manor that this hatred can lash out into violence , than you commit a crime . 
  no , the amrican style is outdated and bases on idiology that was written when the only threat to democracy where the people already in power for a long time . 
  what the time has prooven is that the biggest threatd for democracy are inciting idiots that are able to jump on a wave of hatred , make it their own and than use it to destroy the very foundation the democracy is built upon . 
  any unlimited freedom granted is a tool that leads to tyranny . 
  you can see basically in every case in which a democracy turned into dictatorship how the first step is always to use inciting speech ( so speech that abuses the freedom of speech ) to create a momentum within the people that are seeking for simple solutions , for an easy target of their frustration instead facing the fact that the world is complex and solutions for a complex world takes sacrifices , and than use that momentum to role over the democratic system . 
  and as soon as this propaganda-user is in power , he destroys all rights and freedoms , in special the freedom of speech in total since it was the tool the now dictator used to get to power . 
  you saw this with hilter and erdogan alike , and the fact that we do n't see it with trump is that he is just a too big of a fucking moron to actually organize a coup . 
  he had the momentum necessary , just not the disciplin and organisatoric structure . 
  what is needed is a system that prevent abuse of the freedom of speech while keeping the necessary parts in tact . 
  that is done by only limiting the usage of incitment , not the idea behind the incitment , and monitor this system by a trustworthy judiciary and in special a well tursted constitutional court . 
  just copied a comment i did a litte bit above . 
   wich are completly different things . 
      first of all , what is outlawed is not `` disbelief '' , but denyial of the existance of the holocaust . 
  this was actually a quite controversial judgment of the constitutional court that was called upon due to this regulation and there were two major things that the constitutional court ruled :     1 : disprooven facts themselves are not protected by the freedom of opinion and the freedom of expression of the opinion , since , as soon as a fact can be prooven , it stops to be an opinion . 
  a fact is only than prooven when everybody who actually worked on the subject and exmined the evidence agrees upon it . 
  the fact that the holocaust happend is a fact , you can visit the sigths , you can visit the graves , you can examinate the books . 
  the only thing that can be debated is how many are actually dead , but it will be at least in the high 6-digit count , most likly in millions . 
  hurdle to become such a fact is extreamly high . 
  during the question if `` clima-change-denial '' could become something like that ( what some people in the public discussed ) , it is basically impossilbe to do a law in that direction since there are still a few academic voices that either argue about it have something to do with the sun or question if the humans are at fault here . 
  so , salafists are not arguing against such a prooven fact . 
      2 : the german constitution was written as a contra-concept of the nazi-ara . 
  nazism was analysed and the constitution was carefully crafted to become a negativ of what the nazi 's stood for , while the nazi 's were about destroying `` inferior '' life , the german constitution grants human dignity to everyone , etc. 
  because of this nature of the constitution to deny every aspect of the nazi 's , it is , as the only exeption of the rule to punish idiologies directly , legal to outlaw even praising the nazis . 
      and , by the way , the `` belief '' to kill infidels is not outlawed , the spreading of this idea is , and that by the exactly the same law you attack here . 
  the only difference is that these islamistic assholes are that intelligent to keep their idiologies in backrooms in mosques where it is diffiult to look into , while the nazi-assholes spread it on facebook for everybody to read . 
  wich are completly different things . 
  first of all , what is outlawed is not `` disbelief '' , but denyial of the existance of the holocaust . 
  this was actually a quite controversial judgment of the constitutional court that was called upon due to this regulation and there were two major things that the constitutional court ruled : 1 : disprooven facts themselves are not protected by the freedom of opinion and the freedom of expression of the opinion , since , as soon as a fact can be prooven , it stops to be an opinion . 
  a fact is only than prooven when everybody who actually worked on the subject and exmined the evidence agrees upon it . 
  the fact that the holocaust happend is a fact , you can visit the sigths , you can visit the graves , you can examinate the books . 
  the only thing that can be debated is how many are actually dead , but it will be at least in the high 6-digit count , most likly in millions . 
  hurdle to become such a fact is extreamly high . 
  during the question if `` clima-change-denial '' could become something like that ( what some people in the public discussed ) , it is basically impossilbe to do a law in that direction since there are still a few academic voices that either argue about it have something to do with the sun or question if the humans are at fault here . 
  so , salafists are not arguing against such a prooven fact . 
  2 : the german constitution was written as a contra-concept of the nazi-ara . 
  nazism was analysed and the constitution was carefully crafted to become a negativ of what the nazi 's stood for , while the nazi 's were about destroying `` inferior '' life , the german constitution grants human dignity to everyone , etc. 
  because of this nature of the constitution to deny every aspect of the nazi 's , it is , as the only exeption of the rule to punish idiologies directly , legal to outlaw even praising the nazis . 
  and , by the way , the `` belief '' to kill infidels is not outlawed , the spreading of this idea is , and that by the exactly the same law you attack here . 
  the only difference is that these islamistic assholes are that intelligent to keep their idiologies in backrooms in mosques where it is diffiult to look into , while the nazi-assholes spread it on facebook for everybody to read . 
  you are aware that this very law is used to imprison imams and close down mosques that call for jihad and which try to send young people into this war ? 
  well , it depends how you interpret our modern science . 
  if you reduce your beliefe into the parts that ca n't be proven by science ( what was before the big bang for example , how how did the scientific rules became how they are today ) , than you can synch religion and science . 
  just the clinging to a written text is difficult this way . 
  well , during the time of the crusades , the islam was the modern religion that embrased science , we would n't have any knowledge of the greek pholosophy if it were n't preserved in islamic nations while the christians forgot about it . 
  also medicin was already more advanced in islamic nations . 
  the situation just reversed within the last centuries , and thus we have a religion that is in its application in most areas really backward . 
  but , this shows that islam can be reformed , since it already was . 
  well , the president in germany should n't do that as well , but the president is mostly a cerimonial position here and is also not directly ellected . 
  the chancellor on the other hand stays political and also a member of his part , regularly even the leader of the party itself . 
  as such , he is responsible for the future of the party . 
  ditib is cancer , it is basically a branch of the turkish government that already spread radical beliefe in germany . 
  they are trying to stop intigration of turks in germany and promote erdolf . 
  well , every politician in power will also has to think about their party , no matter if he serves another term . 
  so , even when the politician ca n't be voted for again , his party still will face the consequences for the term . 
  well , first , there is a difference in refugees , legal and illegal migrants . 
  legal migrants ( at least if non-eu ) can be controlled rather easily since there is no right of migration in the first place , and as such , garmany just can higher the bar you habe to take to be accepted . 
  illegao migrants have to be sent back and intigration is only necessary by keeping contole over them until deportation . 
  what we have to do is using political preassure to speed this process up . 
  refugees is something different again since they have the right to stay , but apart of maybe the youth that basically grew up here and do n't know their own nation of origin ( for these , i am in favor of a priviliged naturization-option ) , they have to go as soon as the war ends . 
  intigration is useful due to two reasons : they have a right to stay and it is unclear how long they will stay , so , intigration efforts help to keep the peace here . 
  and when the war is over and the masses of the refugees are back , they know tze german language and culture , maybe learned german jobs and german products .
