  again , i do n't really know the position of macron on this , maybe he has a different ( and better approach ) , but because of the past of eurobonds , the discussion here is pretty poisioned , and basically every german are immidiatly up their defences if this is just mentioned . 
  i agree , it is a question how this will be created . 
  as far as i understood most of the ideas up to know is that the eu will have the right to create bonds that creates a liability-community of all member-states , so that the german ratings will help the weaker economies to counteract their bad ratings . 
  such a system would affect germany immidiatly , and that is the system that actually is in discussion since the state-debt-crisis . 
  the system you discrib was discussed in the 90 's , but since than were n't discussed any further . 
  the system currently in discussion would actually create a system where all are liable together , and the creditor could dicide which one of the these states they would demand to pay the money back ( so , yeah , they would want it from germany ) . 
  what would work is a system where germany agrees to give up a certain percentage of its budget to give it to the eu , as long as it is a parliamentarian law that dicides how much of the budget is given to the eu ( which can be done by creating a new treaty that would be incorporated into the german law via the federal parliament ) . 
  this way , the monitary decision to give money to the eu would be still in the fiscal power of the federal parliament . 
  edit : just want to add , i have n't really looked into macron 's exact plan , but i was basing this all on the discussions i heard the last years and how the bonds were treated the last decades , and there , it was always like that . 
  maybe macron wants something different , but than he has to go against the complete south as well , which want germany fully in the liability to decrease their problems . 
  yeah - i see the point , but the problem is that that , first , that is not really how the nations are wanting it to set up , and second , i do n't even know if they could work like that at all . 
  the problem with all bonds are that they are just as valuable as the market sees them . 
  the german bonds have such a high value because german is seen as a nation that have the economy and the capacity to pay them off . 
  greece is not seen like that , so nobody wants to pay them . 
  that is the difference to the european union , which is not a state or a nation , but a construction sui generis ( simply put , nobody has a clue what the eu actually is , it just exists ) . 
  it has no direct controle over economic policies or fiscal decisions that would normally make a state trustworthy to deal with their own finances . 
  i do n't know how the euro-bonds would be set up without a liability of the different member-states to ensure that the market is interested in them at all . 
  but yes , that could be a possibility , it would only take first proper research how such a system would work in practice . 
  and sorry , i do n't really get the difference you use between nation and state at all :d . 
  i use them normally rather interchangable , but that might be because i lack here some understanding of the differences . 
  in germany , we mostly use the word state for must purposes , and only the context gives the real understanding what is meant . 
  we have the `` bundesstaat '' which is the state on federal level ( called regularly only `` bund '' ) , and we have the different states that are under the bundesstaat ( well , it gets even more confusing , because , depending on the context , the bundesstaat can actually be also the lower state . 
  i never noticed how confusing the way we use these terms are ) . 
  well , there is a difference to sign a treaty ( which are these pacts ) which limits the fiscal power ( which can be broken by the parliament , but they would have to face the consequences ) and giving the right to make debts and to spend money that will directly affect germany out of hand . 
  when the competence to do so is in european 's hand , it is their decision to do something that impact germany to a degree as only the parliament is allowed to do , and basically , you take the right away to disregard the pacts at all . 
  basically , the power is taken away from the parliament . 
  and the solution with the coucil is also not really solid , because that would create a shift from the legislative body , that has , in the idea of seperation of power the right to dicide over the spending , to the executive boy , which is represented in the council . 
  that would basically now fuck over the seperation of power , again , something protected by art . 
  i agree , we are in a fucked up situation right now , but that is the situation we are in , and basically , the introduction of eurobonds will lead for a short-term into a constitional crisis here , and the constititional court has to find a solution to make it workable with the german constitution , and than create demands how to make this all fit . 
  yeah , but germany would be liable for these bonds , and therefor they would loose the power over their budget at that point . 
  actually taking in national debt is part of the fiscal decisions a souveraing state ( i honestly do n't know the exact english meaning of the terms in this context , since german does not a word nation often , the only context i know it is in `` vereinte nationen '' `` united nations '' ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't think that the german constitutional court would euro bonds out if they are about to happen , they would most likly create demands how they are set up to fit with the german constitution , for example via veto-rights . 
  [ 9 ] so , these parts do not speak directly about the fiscal rights of the states , since they were not part of this decision , but that germany is a souveraign state and that the constitutional provision included in art . 
  79 iii gg , including all provisions that derive from these , are part of the supervision-rights of the german constitutional court . 
  with some more knowledge about the german idea of a souveraign state ( for which i would have to search now in my books for a while to find a good citation for ) , that includes the fiscal competence as well . 
  well , only the german version of the wikipdia-article refers also to the lisabon-decision of 2009 , which states that central elements of the german constition , which are protected by the eternity-clause , are also element of the german constitional courts supervision , if ever the eu attempts to restrict or violates these rights in germany . 
  in germany , the constitutional court is actually the most powerful organ there is . 
  and , as i said in another post , germany is only allowed to be part of the union as long as not only the basic rights are honored , but also art . 
  79 ii and iii . 
  art . 
  79 ii establishes that it takes a 2/3 majority in the german bundestag to change the constitution , thereby showing that the competence of anything involved of the german constitution ca n't be with the eu if changes still need a formal constitional-changing law in germany . 
  there ca n't be also any law by the eu that can demand of us to change it or it would again violate art . 
  79 ii gg , something that the german government ca n't allow to happen ( and if necessary to prevent it , have to leave ) . 
  art . 
  79 iii protects even further not only the basic human rights , but also the principles established in art . 
  20 gg :  ( 1 ) the federal republic of germany is a democratic and social federal state . 
   ( 2 ) all state authority is derived from the people . 
  it shall be exercised by the people through elections and other votes and through specific legislative , executive and judicial bodies . 
   ( 3 ) the legislature shall be bound by the constitutional order , the executive and the judiciary by law and justice . 
   ( 4 ) all germans shall have the right to resist any person seeking to abolish this constitutional order , if no other remedy is available . 
  meaning that non of these provision can be changed , even when germany wants it for the eu . 
  and the question if these laws are affected can be dicided by the german constitional court as well , and here , art . 
  20 i gg establishes germany as a soveraing nation , and the fiscal policies are , at least in the german interpretation ( which counts here ) as a major part of this sovereignity that germany ca n't just simply transfer to anyone else than the german parliament . 
   shall be subject to paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of article 79 . 
  art . 
  79 iii  ( 3 ) amendments to this basic law affecting the division of the federation into l\u00e4nder , their participation on principle in the legislative process , or the principles laid down in articles 1 ** and 20 ** shall be inadmissible . 
  as discribed earlier , art . 
  20 i gg establishes germany as an nation . 
  the question is , what makes a nation ( so a souveraign object of international law ) a nation . 
  as one , if not the major competence of a soveraign nation is to dicide over their fiscal policies . 
  it was one of the first things that every parliament fought over to get during the transitions of monarchies to democratic systems and it is widly seen as a sign that a nation looses sovereignity if they loose their power over their own budget and their fiscal policies . 
  collective debt is such a transfer of power of the fiscal competence , so it directly affects the autonomy of the nation , actually deminishing their position as a souveraing nation . 
  so , no , it has nothing to do with attacking the basic rights , but the nationhood of germany , which is also protected by both , art . 
  23 and art . 
  79 iii . 
  well , and the german constitutional court disagreed . 
  and since the german constitional court can , theoretically , force germany to delcare art . 
  50 , i think the german constitutional court wins this round . 
  actually , it is quite interesting to see these two institutions collide . 
  i was at one german jurist day ( a regular meeting of jurists of all fields to discuss legal matters and give out recomendation for new / changes of existing laws ) and in the last pannel , there was a podiums discussion that indluded vasilios skouris , the president of the ecj of that time , and andreas vo\u00dfkuhle , the president of the german constitutional court . 
  that was a fight , and skouris was quite in the defensive , complaining that the german constitutional court actually arrogate itself that they actually check if their actions are in accordance with the german constitution . 
  this rule was a key-rule of the german central bank since its establishment and was never broken in germany . 
  the only thing it needed to work were governments that did n't abuse the system like several eu-nations did which lead for big parts to the state-debt crisis . 
  so , such rules work aw long as all states follow the rules they set up . 
  yeah , and generally after a bloody revolution in which the rule of law was worth nothing . 
  i highly doubt that this will vappen here , or rather , it might happen if there is an attempt to actually dismantel the constitution like you suggest . 
  not only would a new constitution actually need a referendum , i simply ca n't imagine that , after media reporting of the violation of art . 
  79 ( and thereby discribing the meaning ) that there would n't be a public outcry and actually violent outbursts all over germany , not to mention that partys like afd would probably get a hugh spike in memberships . 
  again , than is the question if germany can actually have a new constitution that would violate art . 
  79 iii of the current one . 
  the thing is , art . 
  79 iii does not only protect the fact that we are a nation , but also that we are a federal nation , that all three branches of government are bound by the rule of law , it defines that we always will be a social democracy , it portects even art . 
  1 gg , the human dignity , and thereby most of the basic rights that are a specifications of art . 
  you can say that art . 
  79 iii gg is one of the most important clauses we have since it protects everything our constitution and democracy stands for . 
  if we say that art . 
  79 iii gg ends its effect with a new formed constitution , we would open up the possibility to dismantel our democratic system , our state of law , our basic rights . 
  due to that , a majority of law-experts agree that , as long as a new constitution is written under the rule of law and on the basis of the conditions the grundgesetzt establishes for a new constitution to be writeen , art . 
  79 iii and all the rights that are included in that law have to stay in their core principles . 
  and , to be honest , if the eu wants their current strongest member to be part of such a system , they have to swallow this bitter pill , because without it , germany simply ca n't agree to that , and without germany , eurobonds are rather worthless . 
  ehm , that is simply wrong . 
  no , the eu law is not above the german constitution , it is situated between the normal law and the constitution as the european law is intigrated in german law by the constitution . 
  art . 
  23 gg  ( 1 ) with a view to establishing a united europe , the federal republic of germany shall participate in the development of the european union that is committed to democratic , social and federal principles , to the rule of law , and to the principle of subsidiarity , and that guarantees a level of protection of basic rights essentially comparable to that afforded by this basic law . 
  to this end the federation may transfer sovereign powers by a law with the consent of the bundesrat . 
  the establishment of the european union , as well as changes in its treaty foundations and comparable regulations that amend or supplement this basic law , or make such amendments or supplements possible , shall be subject to paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of article 79 . 
  and here , we have article 79 iii again , the eternity-clause . 
  also , the german constitutional court already ruled several time that they keep out of the eu-business ( and leave it to the ecj ) as long as the actions of the eu does not openly violate the german constitution ( in the so called `` so-lange '' - decisions ) . 
  there is no way that germany ( or any other european nation by the way ) would allow the eu law to be above their own constitution in the elementary regards . 
  actually , the german constitution actually states in the above stated part that the german constitution accepts the eu only as long as they abbide the same principles of the german constitution .
