  there are a few possible scenario 's that i could imagine to happen . 
  well , i would n't rule it out at least . 
  the more the uk-economy might crumble ( as it already does ) and the more people realize how many lies were really told ( what already happens ) , it might be the trick the government want to pull off . 
  i am not a uk-politics or legal expert , but i bet they have something like a vote of no confidence . 
  as soon as the invocation comes near , they might try to get a reelection outside of the normal circle in order to have a parliament that truly supports the futur way the uk will go ( as most of the mp 's were not in favor of brexit ) . 
  this way , they might get a back-door . 
  but again , this is all speculation . 
  there are reports that they found pictures of him holding weapons that seems to be from syria . 
  therefor , he at least seems to be syrian . 
  what is interesting though is that someone from nrw , an other german state than where this refugee was , tipped the police of . 
  i think it is quite likly that this guy talked about his plans with other refugees and they called the police to prevent more of this madness . 
  else , it would n't make sense how someone from this other state would know about this situation , the only way i can think of right now is that they were formally at the same facility and than later on were sent into different states , something that happens regulrarly . 
  i approve that message . 
  the problem is that too many vegans and vegetarians think that they just can switch to salat and vegtables and that everything works fine . 
  but to replace the proteins and other parts of meat that is essential for a good growth in special of children , that needs a hell lot of planing and knowledge . 
  i remembered the vegan kid in our class that that how pale and tired he was basically all day long due to the lacking nutrition . 
  if parents are able to do this amount of planing , everything is good ( and it seems that this law is not targeted at them since the law aims at parents that are not able to provide the essential elements for growth ) . 
  for everyone that ca n't do that : give the kid his fucking meat !, 
  ( this lack of planing does not limit to parents of vegans and vegetarians though , the planning is there just more difficult than for parents with normal eating-plan . 
  you can also hurt the child with a meat-diet without enough vegtables . ), 
  well , if they prolong the invoke of art . 
  50 until the next general election , and a party wins that declares as main plattform to end brexit and to ignore the non-binding vote , than they could do it with a democratic legitimation . 
  than give me the insight i missed while living and studying in germany why  one only needs to live a few months in germany to laugh at that . 
  yeah , the current situation is rather chaotic ( what , as i eleborated before , is partly because , instead of creating a union-solution , everything concentrated here so that most of the applications are still pending ) , but the general life of most people are not affected . 
  there are a few minor incidents , but not significant when you look at the general criminal statistics . 
  even the few major incidents were put out of proportion in the media ( yes , cologne mainstation was a extreamly bad clusterfuck , but that was one major incidents . 
  add the two terror-attacks and we have three ) . 
  first : we do this at the moment , it is part of the turkey deal . 
  apart of that , because you need an international agreement to get someone into another nation . 
  we ca n't sent people even to their own home nation without them accepting the refugees . 
  also , it is the duty of the nation that send people away to make sure that they are sent to places with acceptable conditions , something that basically is not possible in the neighbour-nations of syria due to the already overpopulated camps . 
  it is way more likly to be able to create acceptable refugee-homes in every nation of europe than in a single nation within the middle east . 
  i life for 26 years in germany , 7 of these in berlin , and i travel now for around 5 years on a daily basis to cologne using public transport , traveling thereby often through d\u00fcsseldorf , right pass the area where several people plant to do an terrostic attack , and i travel regularly through the cologne mainstation . 
  so , i think i know the situation here . 
  and i did n't mention belgium or france in this situation because the situation there and here is quite different . 
  first : the attacks made in france an belgium were done by people living for decades there , sometimes even born there . 
  even when we have problem with our turkish minority , they are a little bit better integrated into germany than the arabic minorities in france and belgium . 
  less of the muslim living here were convinced to go to syria , and even less were willing to commit such crimes here . 
  i do n't say that we do n't have an immigration problem as well , but the situation is not nearly that bad as in france . 
  and at this moment , we were talking about refugees and their situation , and when i remember correctly , only one of all the terrorists in france were a refugee , in contrast to here , were both of them were refugees . 
  so , france and germany is not easy to compare with in this regard , and by lumping them togther you are missing quite some parts of the whole story . 
  edit : ah , about knowing the situation : family of mine is in the council of voluntary helpers of the refugee-shelters of their town in bavaria , you know , the area where all the bad stuff happend . 
  so , it is really interesting what insights someone , from your account it seems you are portugees , has about how it really is in germany . 
  well , i think that is where our views differ . 
  if germany shuts down its borders , we would have a similar situation like france and the euro-tunnel . 
  people from africa still come , but instead of giving them a place where you can check them and than sent them back , they go into hiding from the first moment possible , getting money by prostuitution and crime , to finance their way to the north , just to work in illegal work-arrangements throughout france and , if they manage ( what they really often do ) in england . 
  the people would still come , and it is quite likly to a similar amount , they just would n't be controlled anymore but rather create an illegal sub-culture . 
  also , it would be a perfect opportunity for the is and similar radical islamic groups . 
  these people would still come , and people that are forced into the illegal underground , that are in a desperate situation due to that , are much more likly to be influenced to commit attacks against the west that forces them into the underground . 
  and soon , we does not only have one or two singular attacks , but we would have them on a weekly basis . 
  i believe strongly that the fact that we had ` just ' three minor islmaic attacks since the start of this complete mess is our current refugee-policy , and that , if we would drive people more and more in the underground , that i would like to life rather in france to avoid this amount of terroristic potential that would go along with that . 
  but again , we have different views of the effects of the closing of borders , and that also defines our different reactions to such proposals . 
  well , considering that all these people came ( and by the way , still come ) through the balkan states , as soon as germany reacts with shutting their borders , it will be their problem again , because than , they will be stranded down the line in their nations . 
  and if something like that would happen , they would start to find new ways to get through the barriers to the west , thereby causing more crime and violence along the way ( not because i assume they are all violent and criminal people , but it is the human nature that , when they are put in a desperate situation , what this would be , to use any available method to go further , and criminality would than be one of the few ways to proceed ) . 
  so , at the moment , at least eatern europe only has not that problem because germany takes in . 
  and germany started to take in as they broke through the hungarian centers . 
  so it was before germany took them in their problem as will , and if the right-wingers rise due to an overstraign , the problem will be theirs again . 
  so why not find a common ground sollution now before they have the troubles again ? 
  it rose as these amounts became factual unbearable for several nations . 
  i do n't say that this problem was ignored for too long , and that a european solution would n't be in place since the creation of schengen , but due to the fact that i does not have a tardis and that i was at the time schengen started i was still not planned , i had problems to voice concerns back than . 
  and to be honest , i heard about it , but i never really had it on my radar before the major influcs of refugees towards greece . 
  dublin was a bad system , i think everyone can agree to that , and not only today , but for a long time , but it still worked . 
  the thing that made this now so intense is that the current system we have failed and there is nothing we have to replace it with , so we need a new system . 
  first : you ca n't enter foreign territory without permittance of the state itself . 
  refugees have a sonderstatus , but a govermental controlled ship has to ask to enter , and the other nation has to permit the entrance . 
  we do n't life in the 19th century where we just act out of the idea that this forein place would look better under our controle . 
  therefor , it would need a treaty that lybia would accept , and seeing that it took at least a decade alone for germany to make a treaty that they take back their own illegal immigrants , i ca n't see how a treaty would work . 
  and if we do it despite not having a treaty : a violation of international law . 
   it is not hypocritical because we , eastern and western europe , are citizens of the european union . 
  we take care of our own people . 
  we pay the taxes to do that . 
  our ancestors have worked on building the structure which holds the eu together now . 
  our parents voted for the political parties in power in the past decades with the idea that in the future , their children will live in a better place . 
      they did not vote so that illegal immigrants would live in a better place . 
  yes , it 's a great idea and yes they should be supported , but they should always come 2nd after the actual eu citizens . 
  the citizens of eastern europe should always come first , not the refugees from the middle east . 
  and that is why they get the anually quite a lot of money from the eu . 
  that does not entitle these nations to get help for refugees from the german goverment . 
  that is a difference . 
  you already get your share , and you did n't get less this year due to the refugees . 
  this is basically the behaviour `` why do you give something to them , give us more instead '' interestingly , if eastern europe would have taken in refugees , financed by europe , this would have contrebuted their economy . 
  refugee homes would have been built -  money to eastern construction-companies . 
  refugees need food -  money to eastern food-industry . 
  refugees need official progress -  money to the local governments . 
  as long as a deal provides that the eu pays for all this , the eastern nation would have gained a lot of this , and , since the western nation basically pay the party , they would have payed this as well . 
   it 's not a problem . 
  the citizens agree with that . 
  this is why they voted for the party which enacted those laws . 
  your idea of what social benefits should be is not universal , that 's my point . 
   and receiving money is not a human right . 
  if people in pakistan can earn a living ( and they can ) then they can not just come to the eu and demand benefits . 
  when they are here , we have to make sure they survive , and that is only possible by social benefits . 
  they stay her as long as their refugee-request is panding , and if we ca n't get them back , they will stay further . 
  and yes , when these people are in pakistan , they do n't get money , but it is a violation of human rights if we let them starve right here . 
  and as a fact , people are not allowed to work here until their refugee-status is accepted , meaning that everyone that is panding or declined would be forced in criminality only to eat . 
  so , they should be sent back as soon as possible , but as long as they are here , there is no other possibility . 
   what human rights breaches ? 
  what has been proven ? 
  have a read : http://www.asylumlawdatabase.eu/sites/www.asylumlawdatabase.eu/files/aldfiles/fact%20sheet%20-%20case%20law%20on%20hungary_fin.pdf i would have to sit for maybe an hour to make a tl ; dr , so you have to fight through it alone . 
   this is all true , but how does it affect the refugees ?
