  with batans , with tear-gass , with guns ? 
  batan and tear-gas was already used , and it hold them back for a while , but it did n't stop the next attempt to overcome it , the next breach , the next run . 
   also note that the migrants are not coming to europe because of the drawing power of hungary or poland . 
  they come because of germany and sweden etc. 
  eastern europe is not the problem here , the problem are the social benefits western europe hands out to everyone . 
  to be fair , looking at the criminal statistics in germany , the main criminal-problems of 2015 were not syrian or any other kind of refugee 's . 
  directly after turkish citicens , nearly the complete eastern block was prominent in the german 's criminal statistics . 
  a lot of them are sinti and roma that came over to germany using the refugee-crisis to tag along . 
  there were several extreamly public incidents that syrian refugees committed crimes , but the main problem were people comming from eastern europe to get these social benefits . 
  so , basically , the refugee-crisis became worse because the eastern european nations are not able to handle their problem with their minorities , and that is a situation that does on for decades . 
  but , and here is the main problem : as long as we declare the human rights as the main element of european values , these benefits have to be payed . 
  either we start to ignore the foundation of our union , and to be honest , if that happens , fuck the union , or we will have to learn to deal with these issues . 
  that the eastern european nations give a fuck about human rights is nothing new , just look at what happens in hungary and start to happen in poland . 
  the only real sollution for that problem is to make this an eu-problem , share the burden , both the financial and the logistic , use european money for every shelter so that poor nations as the eastern europeans can shelter their share ( with human dignity ) without having to struggel . 
  we are talking about two different problems here . 
  i talked about the current situation in greece and that was the discussion in the past as well . 
  people from kongo are in general not refugees , but migrants , that is a big difference . 
  the thing is here , by thigthening our borders , that this still will not have an affect with these as well . 
  we ca n't sent ships to the borders of the nations where they left without violating international law , and it coudl be interpreted as an act of war . 
  so , the only area we can secure are international waters between the african and the european territorial waters . 
  if we see a boat full of africans there , we have two options : shoot them ( not legally possibile under the human rights ) or take them and transport them into refugee-shelters . 
  there , they have to be procesed and sent back . 
  but there is a new problem : a hell lot of nations take their people not back . 
  at the moment , the eu-nations negotiate deals to take illegals back independently , and where germany just made a deal with lybia that they take back their illlegals , other nations do n't have such a deal . 
  that is insane , such treaty-negotiation has to happen on an eu-level . 
  as soon as we have a treaty , we can sent them back . 
  also , in special immigrants from afrika : that death is not a reason to try to come over to europe is already prooven by the many dead africans on the ground of the meditaranian see , they still come . 
  thight borders without shooting will have no effect on that front either , so the only way to deal with that are international negotiations . 
   come on , it was not just down to the people coming being muslims . 
  ee did n't want to be on the hook for a potentially unlimited amount of refugees . 
  who the hell agrees to a re-distribution plan when the outer border is still leaking like crazy ? 
  it 's like co-signing a loan with someone who retains the right to increase whatever he lends in your name without you having a say . 
      merkel 's plan was to distribute the migrants , but she had no real plan for slowing the flow down . 
  it was only when austria and the balkans acted and closed the balkan route that the flow got severely restricted . 
  german officials were pretty vocal in the press that they did n't like a group of country acting unilaterally , just a mere months after merkel basically ended the dublin treaty unilaterally . 
  the influx continued for a little while after the closed borders , causing massive humanitarian disasters in greece . 
  the only thing that stopped was people comming further from greece to the rest of europe . 
  what stopped really the influx was the turkey deal that stopped people comming over to greece , or at least , when the first was sent back fewer started to come . 
  the dublin-treaty was n't ended like that , it failed to work . 
  she announced she would take the people in that were just stomping through eastern europe after hungary failed to put them in camps . 
  also , not merkel ended the dublin treaty , but the european court of human rights and , basing on that , the german constitutional court , after declaring that sending people back to hungary or greece would be a violation of human rights due to the inhuman conditions in their refugee-shelters . 
  it is not that much talked about , but merkel did n't had any chance to send anyone back that made it here due to the rule of law . 
  and she announced at a moment when hundret thousands were on their way in a stampeed that nobody could stop . 
  that her words were wrongly repeated and changed in order to make it sound that she invites the world made the crisis worse ( and , according to a report i heard , russian bots were pretty activ in spreading lies about what merkel promises ) . 
   the flow started to die down pretty drastic before the eu-turkey deal was put in motion . 
  people did n't want to be stuck in greece , and i expect that the flow would have come to an almost complete stop once migrants realized they 'd be stuck . 
  the balkan rout is still a major refugee-way , despite the blockade , people only stopped reporting about it due to the fact that they want more peace in the current situation . 
  and people that flee war and terror do n't stop because `` they are stuck '' , they rather force their way through , as they already started when the turkey-deal got into action and people were simply sent back so that they did n't had the chance to make a forceful breaking of the border . 
  the only solution is to actually kill off as much as the migrant flow as humanly possible . 
  we either say enough is enough and put in place an effective border protection plan , or the eu dies . 
  sadly , the `` european solution '' usually involves spreading the problem thinner among the member states instead of actually addressing structural problems . 
  how do you believe that should work ? 
  either you kill of the flow by actual killing people on the border or they will search for other ways to break through the cracks . 
  people that flee war and opression are not simply going to try to come to europe just because there are a few more patroles , the only thing is that they will use more and more illegal methods and risk their life further . 
  so , either you deter people with death or they wo n't stop . 
  the only final solution to end the influx of refugees has nothing to do with the european border , but with the situation in the middle east . 
  but meddling in their affairs provoked the current situation in the first place . 
  we might be able to give assistance to certain groups during this conflict , but everything more would make the situation worse . 
  the influx can and will not stop until the war is over . 
  the people will flee syria and the only real safe space will be europe , just because europe is basically the only part of the world that fully accepted the human rights in their constitutions and ( mostly ) act according to them . 
  and the thing is , if there would have been an european solution , this situation would n't be a problem . 
  taking in 1,5 million refugees is a hugh burden for a nation of 81 million , to process their refugee-application , to check their background , to accept them or deny them , that is a real problem if you just take one nation . 
  but spread the people among 501 million of europeans , and the influx of 1,5 million is nothing , that this continent ca n't handle refugees that only amounts to 0,3 % of their total citicens is pathetic beyond believe . 
  well , that is the only way to change this . 
  at the moment , all the nations are really just individual states with a different degree of attempts to be a real union . 
  germany , after clear evidence that dublin is useless and everything fell apart , tried to propose to act as a union using an allocation-formular , but that was rejected `` because we do n't want muslims here '' ( basically every eastern nation ) . 
  meanwhile , greece , that really does wonderful work despite their already difficult economical situation is left alone and every attempt to find a solution on a common ground got stomped into the ground . 
  the turkey-deal was the only way that the blockading-strategy of the balkan did n't turn into a bloody civil / refugee war on the border of greece in order to get to europe . 
  so , the only solution is to take the problem from the single nations and really make it an european problem so that the nations that does not want to give anything to the union after taking for decades have to participate more . 
  well , the interesting part is that the guidlines of the arbeitsagentur are available online . 
  if you know on which law your claim is based , you can look them up and can get a prette detailed instruction on how the office should work . 
  after i attached this to my complaint about the denial with a polite and lawyer-like text that had the meaning `` are you too dumb to read your own instructions ? '', 
  and in adition to the threat of a disciplinary complaint because of incompetence ( and a very valid case to proove that ) , they seemed to think that i had a case . 
  well , the day after my case-worker got my complaint , he personally called me to say sorry and that the money will be on my account within the next tow days :d . 
  had to apply when i did n't get baf\u00f6g for a semester due to a rule that , when you have to take a holiday-semester out of medical reasons , you ca n't get baf\u00f6g for that time , but rathre hartz iv . 
  it was okay to do so , but it helped that i studied law when i got denied because they did n't know their own fucking rules about students that have to take a holiday-semster - . - . 
  but one threat of a disciplinary complaint for incompetence made my case-worker really complient :d, 
  yeah , here , mainstream is mostly cdu and spd . 
  if you look among the teachers and often students , they are more leaning to the greens . 
  the liberals were seen as basically that they lost their core values , that the promises they did were basically all shots in the wrong direction , not working for their voter-base and also not for liberal values , and all their leaders were seen in a bad light , if it was r\u00f6sler who seemed like he had no clue what he was talking about , or br\u00fcderle that got hugh problems after he made comments about how well this femal reporter was able to fill out her dirndle . 
  well , the fdp had a few hitbacks during their run . 
  the first was when they were in a colition with the spd for ages and than , suddenly , when a opportunity appeared , switched suddenly sides and basically helped to make one of the german legends , helmut schmidt , fall . 
  and after that , well , they became kind of ridicoulus . 
  for a long time , their leader , westerwelle , who sadly passed away recently , went through germany in his `` guido-mobil '' and basically was a joke . 
  after he basically failed as an foreign minister , he stepped down of the leadership of the party ( what made him interstingly a better foreign minister ) his successor was basically to young for the job , just someone to run into the ground while the party was failing . 
  sadly , he did made everything worse and nobody took them seriouse anymore . 
  but godwin is acutally a rule that applies if you look at the english-speaking world , not germany . 
  for a german to play godwin , that is something you will witness rarely ( and normally only the left - autonom that are basically the left-nazi 's ) . 
  in germany , the claim that someone is a nazi is still not that easily spoken . 
  so , we have to keep in mind that this was a german politician that said that . 
  ehm - no - that is happening when people speaking about germans , not germans themselves . 
  if a german calls another german a nazi this creates quite a stigma , either for the person that says it if it is obviously false , or for the other if there is some truth behind it . 
  that is nothing said lightly in germany . 
  source : i am german . 
  i do n't say that some of a parallel colutre sould n't remain , be it food , traditions or a second language . 
  the problem starts when this seperate society secludes themselves too much so that these two societies basically have nearly no touching-point anymore . 
  and the first and , in my opinion , most important part that this parallel society is its own society within the german one instead of outside of it is the language . 
  i totally understand that someone from the first generation her ca n't properly speak german , but if there is not a try to learn it , and actual the attempt to make their children speak the tongue of their new home just as fluently as a native , that is a seclution that is too much to exist in a society . 
  also , not accepting the basic law ( and , for example , forbidding the children to have too much contact with the germans , or date them , as it is common practice in this parallel society ) , than it is too much . 
  i never said they should start to wear lederhosen when they are in bavaria , or neglect everything from their origin , but the minimum standard that should be applicable is that they try to create their own society within ours .
