  ( 2 ) has the mandatory minimum of a year , so this implies that the attempt has to be punishable . 
  i like it , but i do n't know how common it is to really know more than the first line :d . 
  i myself only tried to learn it during the football world-championship , and there only because i looked up the lyrics . 
  because this picture fits very much in the usual rethoric of his followers . 
  you can say than environmentalism was intigrated in our constitution art . 
  20a basic law  [ protection of the natural foundations of life and animals ]  mindful also of its responsibility toward future generations , the state shall protect the natural foundations of life and animals by legislation and , in accordance with law and justice , by executive and judicial action , all within the framework of the constitutional order . 
  this is therefor a state-goal of constitutional order , which gives the state a direct order to actually inhance the protection of animal and the environment . 
  this movement here started when the party of the greens really came into existance , i was told that befor that , our areas were often really dirty and rather disgusting . 
  a joke was that you could throw a camerafilm tube into the rhine and could get the fully developed pictures out a mile down the river . 
  but today , enviromental ideas are pretty prominent , for example , seperating the trash in order to make proper recycling possible is mandatory , every house has at least three forms of garbage , for plastic , for organic material , and for the rest . 
  also , there are special containers for paper , but not all houses have them , in some areas you have to bring them to the landfill . 
  well , at least we are not scarf wearing pussies that freak out whenever someone says something bad about us like a certain president that is konwon to be so thin skinned that it seems a wrong blown dust grain ( of actual news about him ) could destroy his hymen . 
  first question : how long do you intend to make your trip . 
  with spain and greece , you have one of the most western and the most eastern nation of europe in your list , and with italy and norway , same with north and south . 
  this is quite a big tour you are planing . 
  germany , switzerland and austria can be travled between quite easily using trains or busses ( if you look for something cheaper ) . 
  i am not sure how the connection between austria / italy / slovenia is , maybe train or bus as well . 
  to the other areas , you will sadly have to use a plain , in special if you want to go to norway and greece , but also if you want to go to spain without really using the trip to see a little bit of france . 
  train and bus would probably take quite a while . 
  must see-sights : well , that is quite hard to say , what are you looking for ? 
  this area is big enough that you could spend all summer to see `` must-see-sights '' without really getting even a minority of these through . 
  maybe the cologne cathedral , and of course berlin . 
  but other 's would say munich and schloss neuschwanstein . 
  cultural do n'ts ? 
  : do n't really know , as long as you do n't intent to wear a nazi uniform , there should n't be anything too difficult . 
  just , if you dicide to get a car , get yourself a drivinglesson so that you learn the german driving rules since they differ in some parts the us one and you may risk the lifes of everyone by not knowing them . 
  also , do n't think that the autobahn is a race-track , it is a normal road where only people who are skilled and confident enough should drive fast . 
  hostels are generally safe `` cheers '' is `` prost ! '', 
  about camping : camping is only allowed in official camping-sides . 
  wild camping is illegal . 
  and hiking-paths : they are some all over germany , but i do n't know any of them since i do n't hike . 
  favorite native dish : depends on the region you will visit . 
  every nation here has different regions with their own dish . 
  for example , the famouse bavarian `` wei\u00dfwurst '' is in north germany just a rarity and exotic as for you american  . 
  well , first , under section 3 it refers to section 86 ( 3 ) and ( 4 )  ( 3 ) subsection ( 1 ) above shall not apply if the propaganda materials or the act is meant to serve civil education , to avert unconstitutional movements , to promote art or science , research or teaching , the reporting about current or historical events or similar purposes . 
   ( 4 ) if the guilt is of a minor nature , the court may order a discharge under this provision . 
  so , getting a nazi-flag in order to burn it would apply under section 4 . 
  also , there is the idea of teleological reduction in law , meaning that , if a law is applicable by its words , but not by its intend , than that the law has to be read in view of tihs intend . 
  so , this law is meant to prevent pormotion of national socialism and the organization of such groups . 
  the burning of such a symbol is the complete opposit of what the law wants to archive . 
  therefor , i would doubt that you would get in trouble for getting such a flag when you can make it believable that you only have it to burn it . 
  this is also consistent with a ruling about these backpack patches where a stickman throws a swastika in a bin . 
  there was actually someone who wanted a prosecution for public use of national socialist symbolism , but it was ruled that the fact that this symbol was used to work against nazism makes it permissable . 
  yes , in prayers , you also use the `` du '' , even in the `` official '' version of the german pater noster , god is adressed with `` du '', 
  but looking at the ruling of the constitutional court ( http://www.hrr-strafrecht.de/hrr/3/99/3-433-99.php3 / http://www.servat.unibe.ch/dfr/bv081278.html ) this law has to be read very restrictivly and fullfilling the written conditions is not enough to create a criminal liability . 
  the freedom of art and the freedom of the expression of opinion can only be restricted by the highest constitutional rights , and that this law can only be applicable when it is not only a sign of protest , but when it is an open disruption of the peace , a calling to destroy the nation as such , getting rid of the constitutional order , etc. 
  ( so basically , incitment of hatred ) . 
  so , yes , it is forbidden , but the courts are bound to only create liability when this is not only an expression that you are not agreeing with the current situation of the nation , but rather trying to state-threatening situation . 
  assuming from that , a demonstrator burning it on the streets = okay . 
  a person on the head of a para-military group = bad . 
  edit : op also asked about `` your '' national flag , the law here only is about flags that were put up by governmental agencies , for example in front of the reichstag or in front of some schools . 
  so , here it has to go hand in hand with actually destroying of public property as such . 
  this law can not be used when you buy yourself a flag and burn this one . 
  this can only be punishble under part one of this law :  ( 1 ) whosoever publicly , in a meeting or through the dissemination of written materials ( section11 ( 3 ) )  1 . insults or maliciously expresses contempt of the federal republic of germany or one of its states or its constitutional order ; or  2 . insults the colours , flag , coat of arms or the anthem of the federal republic of germany or one of its states shall be liable to imprisonment not exceeding three years or a fine . 
  but again , this law includes the judicial modification of the law i elaborated before . 
  yeah - also the more `` open door '' they try to be . 
  when i made my internship in a big lawfirm with such an open door policy , everyone with the exeption of the partners were on a `` du '' basis . 
  i was a little bit uncomfortable so i let the real lawyers speak first and when they used `` du '' , i did the same :d, 
  its basically the same in germany . 
  children are adressed with `` du '' , same as friends and relatives . 
  the time when parents or even married cupples adressed each other with `` sie '' is probably something from two centuries ago , i never heard that it is used at all anymore . 
  shopkeepers normally use the `` sie '' , but when they try to be young and hip ( or ikea ) , they use the `` du '' . 
  teachers generally used the `` du '' until maybe 11th or 12th grade , than they asked us in the beginning of the school year how we like it and we stayed with `` du '' . 
  in university , the professors stay with `` sie '' , but most of the other lecturors offer the `` du '' durnig their first adressing of the students . 
  boss is always `` sie '' , and between colleagues , it is also normally `` sie '' , only when either the older one or the one in the higher position offers the du ( if this diverges , it becomes rather a feeling who has the right to offer the `` du '' ) this changes , but than it is impolite to stick to the sie . 
  why is it anti-abortion if germany wants to make a woman know the facts before the abortion and consider the consequences . 
  abortion is not an easy medical procedure and , besindes physiciological complications , psychological reactions are also not uncommon . 
  you know , theoretically , the delaration of consent for a ( planned and not emergency ) surgery is only valid when given at least 24 hours before the surgery ( what is regularly not respected , but well ) , in order for the patient to let the information sink in and maybe change the mind . 
  these laws should provide that a young woman does not get pressured into an abortion and that she is really sure about it . 
  abortion is theoretically illegal as long as there is no sex-crime the cause of the pregnancy and there is no medical reason for it . 
  but it can be legally done as long as the woman meets following conditions ( i found via google ) : * the pregnant woman has to undergo a `` schwangerschaftskonfliktberatung '' ( pregnency conflict counceling ) * this counceling has to be testified * there have to be at least three days between counceling and abortion * the councellor has to testify that the woman seeked for the counceling out of her free will * a physician has to do the abortion * the councling has to be done by another phyisican than the one doing the abortion * only within the first 14 weeks of the pregnancy . 
  for an illegal abortion , every participant apart of the woman can be charged and are ciminal liable . 
  the woman is n't because woman should be able to go to a hospital without feer of prosecution after they did an illegal abortion . 
  germany has a ban of signs near the autobahn . 
  that is why the only way to place ad viewable from the autobahn are high towers with logos on top of them that can be seen even when the tower is quite far away from the autobahn . 
  i think here are three things that are lumped together : legal immigrants : not that much of a problem . 
  there are some issued here in germany for example with children and grand-children of , for example , turkish immigrants that came here for work , and that have sadly a higher rate of criminality , but all in all , the situation is okay . 
  illegal immigrants : immigrants that came here only for economic reasons and without going the legal way ( or plainly acting like refugees ) . 
  there are some problems , in special since these people do not get the funding that refugees get . 
  they often disappear and start to work in criminal organizations ( well , they ca n't work legally ) . 
  there is a libanese mafia in berlin and in special illegal immigrants from the balkans cause quite a lot of trouble . 
  refugees : refugees are people that really are in a situation they have the legal right to stay . 
  these people are , together with the legal immigrants , the easiest group to handle . 
  there are some problems , but these are in the margin of problems you will face when you have a group of people in a place . 
  statistically , they are not more prone to crime , but bad apples exist everywhere . 
  familymembers are in a group teaching refugees german and it works quite well . 
  people that really fleed war are mostly just glad that they are safe . 
  all in all , the biggest problem most people see is the stupidity of federalised security-forces that do n't get it when criminals operate all over germany , or even worse , all over europe . 
  the systems have to interact more with each other so that the people that destroy the reputation of the majority of the immigrant / refugees can be cought . 
  also , in my personal opinion , the courts are too nice here , the margin of punishment the law provides is okay , but the courts are too forgiving in a lot of times . 
  in normal schools , we have teachers that studied `` lehramt '' , which is a study that combins pedagoic knowledge combind with skills in the subject the teacher will teach . 
  every teacher has to be recognized with state-exames , so someone who did n't went through this procedure would have problems to get a job as a teacher in normal schools . 
  private language schools are a good options . 
  i myself did a toeffle-course and was teached by two american native-speakers . 
  so , there is quite an option to start lecturing . 
  universities might be possible as well . 
  i learned for a semester japanese by a japanese woman , who also similar skills as you discribed , but i think jobs , in special in english , are in universities not that easy to get by since there might be a lot of competition . 
  yeah - but to be fair , nuhr likes to shit about everyone who seems close-minded , if they are on the right or the left-spectrum . 
  he basically despise the people as well that used the erdogan-poem as a way to attack muslims baseless . 
  what he attacks is not willingness to intigrate , but when someone is willing to become a part of this society , he does not mock them or anything .
