  the only thing a state of law can do at this moment , when the culprit has n't changed after 25 years , is to observe them . 
  and when anything happens ( including an attempt that should be prevented by the constant observation ) , to put them in preventive detention next time . 
  there was the case when the law of preventive detention were changed from a system with a limited amount of time to an infinite one . 
  back than , the justice system thought they could apply these changes to people that were already in preventive detention , canceling their release-date and just let them stay in there forever . 
  the constitutional court abolished this decision , saying that this change of the system is equal to a change of punishment after the dicision was made and so illegal and these people had to be set free . 
  after that , each of these former inmates got their personal poilce-officers that observed them 24/7 in order to make sure that no crime can be comitted again by these persons . 
  that was a moment i felt highly uncomfortable myself , when i thought that could n't be , but in special by discussing the case of the murderer of jakob von metzler , i came to a realization . 
  the case was that a man kidnapped a young boy , murdered him and than demanded payment from the family ( who thaught that their son was still alive ) . 
  the police catched g\u00e4fgen really fast , but they did n't know where the boy was . 
  in the end , when it became less and less possible to find the boy alive ( calculating from the last time he could got water ) , the police-president decided to threaten the man to call a specialist who can torture him without leaving marks . 
  at that point , the man decided to tell them where he left the corpse of the boy . 
  in the end , g\u00e4fgen got money from the state because the courts deemed this method of threatening as illegal . 
  i highly respect the police president who threatened g\u00e4fgen , i hope i had the courage to do the same , risk my future in order to safe an innocent life , but i also respect the decision by the courts to punish this behaviour . 
  such torture ( or even the threat thereof ) ca n't be tollerated even once , because the next time , a boy gets kidnapped , their parents asks `` why do you not torture for our kid as well ? '' . 
  the next time , it will be for a teenager , than a young adult , than for an elderly person , and in the end , torture is established . 
  i see the same danger of the padonra 's box , where you open it once for a good cause , just to destroy the very thing you want to protect , here when it is about the punishment of ( potential ) terrorists . 
  because , when we punish them like that , why than not to punish someone else for a similar horrible crime ? 
  well , at least germany addopted plotting for such actions of massmurder a crime itself . 
  also , the fact that these are two persons that plot would be enough in germany to commit a crime ( the idea is that , when two people are conspirating to do such crimes , it is more difficult for the individual to get out of that ) . 
  i think most european states already adopted specific laws that criminalise even the plotting for such massive crimes . 
  to be honest , as a law-student , i think i am not really quallified to give a real answer . 
  we learn rather the reasoning behind this stuff than the statistics . 
  because of that , there are criminal psychologists that has to analyse the danger-potential of such a person , and if they are deemed a too grate danger , preventive detention has to be ordered . 
  the thing is , jail time can become pretty long , and most of these islamists are young people that still can , when they are put in the right enviroment , get a new view of their past selfe . 
  i have no clue how this works for terrorists , but not granting them a chance to overthink the situation would be a violation of the basic law . 
  and even when i , emotionally , do n't always agree with the outcome of the basic law , i think ignoring it would be the step that would drive me on the streets to defend it , because i think , even when it means to make unpleasent decisions , that this is what makes us a modern state , the state i want to life in . 
  ignoring it is an act of barbary that i would not stand behind . 
  the thing is , everybody , as the bare minimum , has human dignitiy , and this forces the state to at least give people this chance to change . 
  taking this chance away means that we loose what makes us to the western society we want to defend , it means these people that want to create fear and hatred in us has won , because than , we are getting step by step to their level , it means we starting to open pandora 's box . 
  what follows is the argument of a law-student , not because i really think they should be sentenced less , but what basic-law etc. 
  creates as a reasoning . 
  also , i tell this from the perspective of a german , so i am not sure if belgium lawyers see that differently : a jail sentences are not meant only to punish , but also as a method of rehabilitation . 
  so , a life-sentence is only retaliation and thereby a violation of human dignity ( yes , even terrorists have some human dignity ) and can only be given in the most of extrem cases . 
  because of that , not even a murderer gets a real life-sentence ( in germany ) . 
  the life-sentence in german law means 25 years , sometimes they can get out after i think 16 . 
  only in cases where it is seen that these people will stay a threat to society even after these years ( for example psychopatic serial killers ) they can get really life-long preventive detention , but even there they will be checked psychologically if they are still a threat ( but i have n't heard of cases where they were freed , it is just a requirment to prevent a violation of the human dignity ) . 
  to qualify the planing of a terror-threat , there are several problems . 
  to punish this is already a break of normal criminal code , since , in general , the planing-phase is not puishable . 
  you can plan a murder as long as you want , but , as long as you do n't get into action , it is in general not punishable ( exeptions exists ) . 
  so , they did n't reach the state to attempt the crime which would entitle the state without any problem to punish for the full crime , but only plan it , which means they have several mental barriers left until they commit really the crime . 
  so , this `` less '' in criminal energy , that they did n't proove yet that they really would and could do it , has to be calculated into a punishment for the planning of a terroristic attack as well . 
  again , i just tried to give the legal explanation why people ca n't be injailed easily for a lifetime , not because i do n't think that they would deserve it !, 
  your math here does not really work . 
  220,000 people that should be deportet means that these people are done with their asylum-process and they got rejected . 
  only than they are listed as people that should be deportet . 
  people that are still waiting for their process or are in the process and that will rejected are not included in this number . 
  the fact is , the aslyum-prozess is a difficult one that has to be done by specialists that have background-knowledge of the situation and regions these people are comming from , need langauge-experts to analyse the words , needs regional experts that can ask questions about topography and social structures from where people are allegidly from and so on . 
  because it is so difficult , a big part of the refugees did n't underwent it yet , and so they stay until they are heard ( since we have a case-to-case-system where everyone has to be heard individually ) . 
  so , the number of people that are rejected and should be deported will clearly rise during the time they work on the new cases . 
  also , i doubt that it is possible to give family reunification until the refugee was really accepted . 
  it is not true that no people get deportet . 
  people get deportet on a daily basis , but there are still loopholes that has to be fixed . 
  the thing with the state of origin not taking them back is going to be resolved faster . 
  we already seen that alone in the last month several states start to accept them back , including lybia whose citicens created a criminal syndicate in berlin for a long time . 
  now , they can get kicked out . 
  about the lost passport : there are ways to determine the origin of a person , mainly by speech-analysis and similar measures . 
  that is for example why we know today that the guy with the axe was not from afghanistan , but rather from pakistan . 
  it will take longer , of course , but they can be termined and sent back . 
  a loophole i know of is when suddenly i minor of the family vanishes that should be deportet as well . 
  often , the family will stay until the minor appears again . 
  i would prefer the way to handle like `` you are going , we will look for the kid and when we find it , he get a stamp on the but and we sent him to you . '', 
  about the 1.1 million , a big part of them will be sent back since they were just tagging along the refugee-movment . 
  big parts are from the balkan that have basically no chance to stay , some are from more difficult to identify areas , but again , they have specialists to determine it . 
   and even if that was the case , how do you plan to care for them ? 
  when the effort becomes to high these people fall into poverty and be forced to steal for their living . 
  as i said , are you willing to lower your standard of living in such a way that migrants do n't want to come here anymore ? 
  i think they have to be put into the justice-system , and that the existing criminal-rules have to be used more strictly for these that have to stay ( which means german citicens and people from war-regions ) . 
  the idea `` first-time-culprit does not get jail-sentence '' is wrong in a lot of cases . 
  if the guy is clearly from an upbringing that has no respect for such punishments ( as a lot of in special turkish kids do n't have ) , than they should be put into jail at once , or at least , if they are minor , into some sort of boot camp . 
  for people that can be sent away , than a crime that is not minore ( like just stealing an apple ) should be enough to send them back . 
  people that are in jail as a refugee should be on the list to be the first one that are getting kicked out when it is not a deadly threat anymore to go back . 
  also , i think there should be , beyond the basic minimum to survive , the necessity of willingness for intigration to get any benefits . 
  there is a difference . 
  you ca n't sent people fromy syria back because it is a place of war , sending back would violate their right to life ( that is also the reason why germany ca n't sent someone back to a place where he would be executed ) . 
  afrika is something different , this area is ( mostly ) not a war-region , but a economic-crisis region . 
  they can and sadly , has to be sent back . 
  the thing is that these nations have to accept the refugees back . 
  this is mostly done by treaties that guarantee african nations aid so that the suffering there can be reduced , that slows down the migration as well . 
  all in all , if someone is a war-refugee , it is part of the human rights to let them in as long as there is no other possibility along the way for them to stay . 
  for syrians , this is true because the neighbour-nation of syria are full of refugees , the international aid not strong enough to finance them there so that illnesses and starvation is a real danger there . 
  turkey is helping isis for a long time , the danger there is still very real . 
  greece is full and ca n't handle any more refugees . 
  the balkan states put them in inhuman camps that were condammed by the echr . 
  so , where should they go ? 
  so , what would have been the alternative when several 100.000 people are breaking out of ukranian custody , marching towards the west , while the german constitutional court as well as the european court for human rights already decided that sending people back to either ukraine or greece ( as set in dublin ) would be a violation of human rights ? 
  they would come , blocking them from the border would only mean to destroy austria since they have so many less people than us , in mind that you ca n't sent them back since every single refugee could sue in front of either the german constitutional court or the echr and would win ? 
  there is a difference between the idael method and the possible method . 
  at the height of the refugee-crisis , the dam in ukrine broke and the flood started to come to germany , and as a reaction of that , merkel said she would accept these refugees ( it was never said she would accept all others , that was put in her mouth by special-interests-bots to spread this idea in the middle east ) . 
  the amount of people comming in here were that much that the government was lucky to just seperate them by numbers , there was no possible way to made a real perfect registration of each person . 
  all governmental capacaty were at that time straigned to a maximum . 
  first , it is partly in place , just as europe already payed parts of their obligations they had according to the deal . 
  the rest of what erdogan demands is simply not part of the deal without his part of actions . 
  and at the moment , it is not clear if erdogan really open the flood-doors , whenever he is asked he starts to beat around the bush since he knows that his economy would be in even deeper trouble if the eu is pissed on him than it is already . 
  without the eu , he ca n't sustain any benefits that they basically payed and he sold as his archievments . 
  the economy tanks already , and soon his system might collaps under pure economic preasure , would n't be the first one . 
  a dictatorship get problems if his followers ( who are in his case the uneducated and socially dependend ) ca n't be fed anymore . 
  so , the staks in this deal are not only high for the eu , but for turkey as well . 
  well , as far as i understood it , it was part of the deal that erdogan has to , in addition to creating refugee-shelters , change the anit-terror-laws in order to receive these benefits , something he never did . 
  so , eu was also never obligated to give in into these demands . 
   i agree with you that certain `` solutions '' were practically next to impossible .
