  a family moved to the us because the parents went in prison for not letting their maybe 2 or three kids to school at all because they wanted to give their children fundamental christian homeschooling . 
  it is nor about social security , but for the rights of children . 
  you know , we have childrens-rights , and one of them is to give them the option of an alternative world-view so that , when they are old enough , can critically think about whether they want to follow the idiology of their parent ( is it religion or political stance ) or if they want to be a person on their own . 
  in germany , parents have the right to teach the children their world-views , but they do n't have the right to determine by leaving them out of school if the children decide for themselves to follow them . 
  also , it is seen as difficult for the development of the child if it is kept away from kids of the same age to develop social skills - also , it is doubted that parents can give a all-around-education as good as several specialist teachers who visited for several years a university to learn , beside their subject , also pedagogy . 
  ehm , under 16 . 
  the mandatory school-rule end when you are 16 and have the formal education . 
  after that , two of three school forms end so that the kids can look for apprenticeships . 
  only kids in the gymnasium ( a school form , not a sporting place ) offers longer education to prepare for university , but that is without mandatory rules . 
  you just may not be able to finish school if you are absent too much . 
   touched inappropriately ??? 
  i was at a mosque with school and i have no clue what you mean . 
  we walked through that thing just as we walked through the dome in venice during our venice-trip , with explenations that this was used to wash the feet before prayer , here was the place where man prayed or where woman prayed . 
  we did n't learn anything really about religion than that . 
  today we are more interested to give children an option to get other world views , agreed . 
  but it is more about giving an alternative to religiouse fundamentalism . 
  the child gets the option to follow the path of his family or the other world . 
  it is the right of the child to choose , but if the family could decide to block formal education of the child , it becomes difficult to nearly impossible to choose . 
  just wanted to add , it was started to prevent child labour . 
  parents , in special poorer ones , did n't let their kids go to school because they could better be used to work and earn money . 
  the state shut that down by making school mandatory and it still lives to this day and it was a big success , not only by preventing child labour , but by giving kids the choice of hearing at least once the common knowledge that might differ from their home-views so they have the possibility to choose . 
  no , not really , just recently , the constitutional court gave muslim parents a nice little fuck you when they demanded that their girl get an exemption on the swimming courses because they thought a 7 year old should n't see 7 year old boys in speedos . 
  the muslim kids at our school attended twice a year the church , one time at the last schoolday before christmas ( where we sung christmas songs as `` adeste videlis '' , still love that song ) and at the last day of the school year where we got a nice good by . 
  or how does german guilt influences a law that was created in the 19th centruy to figth child labour has anything to do with german guilt ? 
  also very possible during our school trip to a mosque . 
  they let even the girls see the area where only man were allowed to worship - because we were neither there during the actual worship , nor heard we anything about the real religion as such . 
  i visited a mosque as well with my school , also attended in the last day of every semester at the school-gatherings at the church . 
  the mosque was quite interesting , we did n't watch a preach or heard anything of the koran , but they told rather about the structure of the building and how the rooms were used , how they washed themselves before worshipping . 
  but no real religion was thought , and as far as i heard , that is basically the usual programm of such visits . 
  we had the swim-class case that went to the constitutional court just a little while ago . 
  the constitutional court said that a 7 year girl old faces no harm in seeing nearly naked boys and they can still put her in the burkini . 
  so , the muslims lost the case spectacually . 
  germany has mandatoring schooling for over a hundret years by now - and it generally works quite good . 
  there are only exeptions for illnesses that really puts the child at risk when it leaves the house or physically prevents it from getting to school . 
  but to be fair , at least as far as i heard , a high percentage of these foreigners are there due to special rules for immigration for the old commonwhealth . 
  so only part of that can change with the eu . 
  yeah - no . 
  the judge still has souveranity in its courtroom and can not be held accountable for any ruling he has done . 
  everything else would be a violation of the principle of the state of law . 
  so , instead for looking in the personal life of a judge , we have the bgh , the next higher court , basically saying him where he did mistakes and than give it back to the court ( maybe even to another judge ) to rule it with the comments of the higher court in mind . 
   emotional harm . 
  not necessary . 
  for example , there was the case the wife of our former president that fought against claims that she was a stripper in the past . 
  or the case of kachelmann when he was freed of charges of rape and our most feminist writer continued to claim he was a rapist in a newspaper . 
  such honor-violating lies about facts ( in contrast to oppinions ) are the most likly restriction of free speach you will encounter . 
  the other violation , the one with hate speach , does not center about the feelings of the other , but rather punishes the creation of a sentiment of hatred against another group by unjustifily making claims to rise just hatred without substance ( so , you can discuss the problem of higher crime rates of turks , but ca n't say that all turks are criminal and should be kicked out of the nation , because the second would be strengthen the hatred without real substance in it ), 
  well , after the banking-crisis there is some empty space in the skyscrapers . 
  i heard that right after the brexit-votes , several big banks already basically reserved every available free office space , so they will have to build new skyscrapers for everyone else who wants to come . 
  today just stolen , tomorrow already in polen -  essence of basically every polen-joke . 
  but to be fair , i think there are more jokes about ostfriesen as jokes about polen , hell , the ostfriesen-joke ( group of people living in the northwest of germany ) is just as an own catogory of jokes as the blonde jokes . 
  it has to be determined by the overall evaluation of the case , if the story of the guy matches the evidence found , how the evidence making the situation look like . 
  i have to admit , i am not an expert about sexual crimes ( not done in the university ) and the real evaluation of the situation will be thought between the first and the second state exame ( i am just about to do my first ) . 
  so i ca n't say much about such special cases with the evidence evaluation of such extreme cases . 
  i think , when the story of the man is quite different to the injuries , than the judge would rule this as rape and not only sexual abuse . 
  but i really do n't know . 
  as far as i read it , it will be a revision . 
  in special since the last verdict was done by a landgericht , the only place for the next instanz is the bgh , and that only does revisions . 
  agree . 
  i heard that the prosecutor was rather stunned by the way the juyge handled the case . 
  because of that the revision to get a more suitible punishnent . 
  justice system has nlt filed yet . 
  prosecution filed for revision by the higher court to overturn the verdict . 
  the ruling ks nlt final , the prosecution already filed revision by the higher court , so the punishment can still be changed . 
  this is something the family of the court can sue for in front of a civil court afterwards, 
  in germany no name is normally given to the press as long as there is no manhunt on the run . 
  if the name is leaked or due a manhunt already known , the media might use it , might not . 
  this case was given for revision to a higher court by the prosecutiok that did n't understand this ruling either . 
  so the final verdict is not set and they might end up with a more justified punishment . 
  for all of you who are on the hate-train at the moment . 
  because the prosecution could n't believe that verdict , she gave in a request for revision to the highest court in criminal law . 
  so , this here is not final !, 
  but the prosecution gave in a demand for revision , meaning that this can still be overturned . 
  you come here to a conclsion that is simply false . 
  the only thing the lower courts did was not investigat far enough . 
  the questioning in front of the court will have to be repeated with an emphesis on the thought processes , and the judge has to determine whom he believes more . 
  he has to determine if the suspect is realy that dim that he could n't understand that the kid he just picked up did n't want to have sex . 
  the only thing that has done is to do the same verdict with a different argumentation . 
  no , the thing is that his words against the word of the child is not always a draw that leads to a not-guilty-verdict . 
  the judge is very free to evaluate the different statements of the witness and the suspect to determine whom he believes more . 
  and in special if he questions the child ( normally , they question them with help of specialist personell ) , they tend to rather believe the child than the man if the child does not seem manipulated by its parents itself . 
  you compare the screwed way the us elects their judges with the european way . 
  first , i can only speak about germany , bjt i think it will work similar in austria . 
  the highest traditional courts are elected by a comittee of the different states and the federal parliament where the complete political spectrum is envolved and has to settle to one candidate . 
  that makes it impossible for a single party to nominate someone to push an agenda . 
  similar with the supreme court where a comittee of the bundestag and bundesrat has to settle with a majority of 3/4 , making it necessary to settle for a person that is as unbias to either side of the discussion as possible . 
  due to that , there is basicalls no discussion about the apointment of higher judges and a high trust of the people that they are unbias . 
  yes , they can , but it has to be layed out by he lower courts , they have to investigate the mental state of the man during the crime nontheless , which can be seen out of the circumstances . 
  but the lower court failed to do so and because of that , their ruling was overturned , but not to an extend as you might believe . 
  the court is given back to the lower court to do it a second - this time hopefully proper - time . 
  it is rather that as soon a coulprit is cought , the name of no supsect is ever given out . 
  that has nothing to do with integration but rather with human rights that this man , despite his horrible crime , still has . 
  we are talking at the moment about solely the criminal law side . 
  if the austrian law is anything like the german , the parents of the kid can now go to a civil court and demand the compensation , as this loss of future income , damages and pain and suffering . 
  just copy past my previouse answer since it has no real use to write all again :  here , there is a difference between sexual abuse and sexual assault . 
  nobody can have sex with a child without commiting sexual abuse of a minor , but for sexual assault , you have to purposly break the will and the defence of the child . 
  that has nothing to do with consenting to the sexual act ( because the missing consent is already punished under sexual abuse ) , but with the use of force . 
  and yes , you can seduce even children so that you do n't have to use force . 
      the idea behind this is that the normal sexual abuse is already bad ( because of that the punishment of sexual abuse ) , but it would cause less bodily and mental harm than using force to break the kid 's defence . 
      it is basically the same idea as it is differently punished if i just hit you with my fist in the face or if i use a bat to hit the same place . 
  both are hurtful and dangerouse , but with the latter , it is more likly that you will be seriously and life-threatening damaged .
