  a possibility to fix the problem . 
  if he fails to fix it and it becomes unaccaptable for you to give him another change ( mostly after the second or third failed attempt ) , you have the right to give the bought thing back . 
  in the case of a manufacturer warrenty , the seller has given his right to fix it to the giver of the warrenty , so that you already gave him three times the opportunitiy to fix it . 
  now you can go to the seller and demand your money back . 
  again , this is german law , but i think it is the same for complete europe . 
  well , the problem hereby is that the way not to give these persons asylum is to send them back according to dublin , which is unconstitutional . 
  at this point , this law is overruled because these persons that ask for asylum would face , if denied , would face a situation that is in violation to art . 
  therefore , it is not possible to enforce this law without infringing the constitution . 
  the situation would change if either : dublin is changed in a way that we can get rid of refugees in a constitutional manner or the states that we would send the refugees to under the current law would change their refugee-handling in a manner that would not infinge the constitution . 
  the german constitution not , at least not as long as germany exists in it current form . 
  there is a special clause within the german constitution ( also known as ` ewigkeitsklausel ' = ` eternity clause ' ) that art . 
  1 can never be changed , and that is exactly the clause that would be violated by limit the acceptance of refugees . 
  islamistic reasons would be put under `` foreign ideology '' , just read half a sentance further . 
  do you wnt to say that in contrast support the german standpoint or is germany now also evil because they do n't cut down their spendings for the foreign aid ? 
  if the second , than germany is now officially evil because they do not pay enough to the un and at the same time paying to much to the un ? 
  sorry , but your statement prooves how little you know about the german political landsacep . 
  merkel has a lot of talents and is intelligent , but i never seen any sign that she knows anyting of pr . 
  the story with the refugee-girl that she patted after she cried is such a wonderful example for what happens if merkel makes a public speech : merkel meets refugee-girl and girl tells merkel about her situation . 
  merkel discribes her the german politics and why refugees has to be send back , discribing how she want to change the law that a situation like hers would not happen again . 
  she never says directly that she will be send back , she says nothing about her case in particular since she does not know it . 
  she does it professional , but with a nice and kind tone . 
  the media shortens her speech so that the outcome is : merkel tells refugee-girl she has to leave . 
  international media just watch the shortened version and extend the story even further , german media reads international media and expend the story even furter back . 
  anyone who knows pr would have made a public statement : merkel only discribed the current situation of the law and how she wants to change it . 
  merkel was never able to say or do anything in the case of the girl , since she did n't know anything about her case . 
  it is beyond her power to overrule single decisions by caseworkers , but rather to decide about the broad political directions , therefor she answerd the question in that area . 
  she is deeply sorry that the girl was so sad and that her message was deceived wrongly . 
  with that , the story would have been gone . 
  but she stayed silent . 
  if you follow the international media , you see how often she is wrongly citated due to translation errors and due to disfiguring shortenage of her speeches . 
  and she is so terrible in speeches , not short and catchy but long and overboarding , so the media tries to create a catchy citation and create something she did n't said because when she says anything , it is so detailed that you can only understand it really by hearing everything . 
  she did so because every single refugee could have sued germany in front of the constitutional court and would have won . 
  germany has enough money to host these people , and europe as a whole has more . 
  due to the german constitution , any german official has to demand within europe to accept refugees and take as many in as it can handle . 
  every other statement is basically a violation of the basic law . 
  therefor , she just did what the law ( and the constitutional court ) was demanding . 
  by the way , dublin was also deemed invalid for several occassions by the european court of human rights . 
  therefore , it is not just german nuttery that thinks that dublin is against the basic law . 
  first : germany is funding these camps . 
  a lot of nations neglect their duty to give money to the unhcr , but germany is paying . 
  we have to adress these words rather to the nations like hungary that does not pay but rather complain about the refugees and that they should not come . 
  if the nations that are not willing to accept refugees would pay their share to the unhcr , we would n't have this problem . 
  2 : guaneva is valid , it is a treaty working for 50 years . 
  if we want to change it , than make a new one , but until than , it is the obligation of each state to honore this convention on refugees . 
  the situation is extreamly bad within the middle east and , as long as these camps are underfunded , the refugees have no other choice than to run . 
  i think as well there could be a better solution , but the people are on the run and we ca n't stop them from doing so . 
  we can think about a change of the regulation , but first we have to see how to deal with the misery these people are in . 
  what germany did was not an invitation to all the world . 
  what merkel did was confirming that germany will now face the increase of refugees comming to them up to 800.000 people and than saying that it can handle these amounts , and even more . 
  and why did she said that ? 
  because there is no legal way for germany to limit the acceptance of ( real ) refugees . 
  whoever claims it and can proove his refugee-status has the right to stay , everything else would be a violation of basic law , the holy cow of german politics , law and of the social backbone of germany . 
  there were several decisions of the german constitutional court that dublin could be upholded if that means that germany had to send refugees back to hungary , greece or their home-nations . 
  but , through to a lot of translations and missunderstandings , the words that germany can handle this influx of refugees changed into an invitation for more . 
  well , germany is one of the few nations that fully payes for the un refugee camps . 
  it is not germany 's fault that a lot of nations in the world are not willing to obey to their oblidations to the international communitee . 
  well , if you want to study in europe , the language might be difficult . 
  for example , the university in aachen ( germany ) is quite famouse for every kind of engineering , but all courses are in german . 
  as far as i know , most of the courses are thought in the mothertongue of each nation , so you would have to study the local language before you can even apply for these universities . 
  are you willing to commit yourself to do that as well ? 
  if not , you should just search for english-speaking countries . 
  well , in contrast to the us , germany is not involved in war , but only in the offer of humanitarian aid . 
  i am 25 and the only person ever quitting smoking of whom i know is my mom . 
  the other 's i know from my age-group ( mostly people studying ) maybe try it , but eventually failed . 
  yes , they do sports and dieds , but still run often outside and smoke . 
  and this is not about forbidding smoking in general , but in cars , a place you are mostly private . 
  yes , there are windows you can see in , but , at least in bigger cities , it is most unlikly to meet others while driving with the clear exeption that you plan to meet them somewhere . 
  the group-preassure only works if the thing you are not supposed to do happens in a situation you feel observed . 
  but you do n't feel obseverd when there are only you and your kids in the car . 
  we see how much this kind of bad habbits can be reduced by group preassure and how many people look at what other people do . 
  that is why we have have basically no drunk-drivers , no speed-drivers , no use obviouse use of drugs , no beating of kids , even sometimes im public , no -- oh wait . 
  edit : i know , these are illegal as well , but despite the law , the group preassure is not working here either , because lets face it , most of the people doing this in the first place change their mind not because of group-preassure , but because they got caught and have to face the legal consequences . 
  because there is so much social preasure in a car only the partents with their kids sit in . 
  the most bad thing that could happen is that someone knocks at the door and tell you off , and i think we all know how effective this is to create such kind of preassure . 
  it is just one thing more the ruglar beat officer will also look out . 
  they will not send special officers out to enforce this law . 
  it 's the same with no mobile use while driving , they look out for it in their regular daily work . 
  where did you get that everybody knew about that ? 
  the only one for whom it is questionable if he knews anything is the transport minister . 
  it is so annoying that , because an important german company made something really shitty , that the complete german cultur is questioned , that every decision the german government made is now morally problematic because a company cheated . 
  germany is ( with the exeption with maybe the nrw-government that tries to protect its coal-industry ) a really green nation wich puts great effort in developing and installing green tech , sorting trash for recycling is a national sport and much more . 
  also , it does not change anything about germany 's position and its moral in its dealing with all the crises . 
  there are a lot of companies who do shitty things , in basically every nation . 
  i remember , not long ago , that a big american carmanufacturer had to recall his cars becahse a damaged ingition lock caused several deaths , but that did n't cause a questioning to the complete us !, 
  the csu ( a bavarian local party that is , out of historical reasons , part of the federal government ) tries for years now to implement a toll that is basically solaly aimed for foreign drivers on german higheways ( for german , the car-tax should be reduced by the toll ) , but the plan was slammed by the ecj . 
  that is their new attempt to circumvent the eu-judgment . 
  its the csu we have to thank for it , they are annoying the cdu for years now , but attempts to create a bavaria-cdu failed . 
  i hope they just wait for the outcome of the next election and than finally end the csu-idiocy . 
  that is mostly thanks to our bavarian local party that is , out of historical reason , part of the federal governing coalition and that nobody outside of bavaria likes . 
  the plan was in the first place to create a toll for our highways , but in a way that the german car-tax would be reduced by the amount for the mandatory toll , so that german 's would pay effectivly the same while only foreigners using our roads would have really to pay anything more . 
  you can imagin that the eu was not really fond of this , so the ecj slammed this idea down . 
  due to that , there is the new attempt to privatice the roads ( while the state has to own at least 50,1 % of this private company ) so that they can raise tolls for foreigners in that way . 
  i never thought about if you are american or not . 
  i just compared the german system with exactly a system as you discribed , which is the american , and pointing out the flaws in that other system . 
  i do n't like mindbubbles that argue with theoretical concepts and the benefits of this when these concepts are tested in reality where it was prooven that it simply does not work either . 
  is the public tv-system perfect , no . 
  do i think the alternative is even worse , yes . 
  i want at least some media that does not have to look for profit because i think that not everything necessary to be researched / broadcasted is profitable enough that it could survive in a purly profit based system . 
  i think that to counterbalance `` free-market '' media-outlets that are regularly controlled by media-morgules like murdock , berlusconi , springer , etc. 
  is a important goal that ca n't be done by the free market alone since , if these are freely available , they can be bought by these morguels as well .
