  but than , it happens . 
  and when the migrant crisis was at its peak , it was not like german wanted the people here , they just came , and due to inhuman situaions all over the way to germany , germany could n't sent them to places back like greece or hungary , so they had to do the vetting here . 
  here , they actually vet . 
  yes , the system is still flawed because the different states and branches of government does not communicate properly with each others , and that is highly critizised here . 
  but , before anyone gets asylum , they are questioned about background , checkers and double checkers are researching if their story is correct , language specialist check if their accent fit the story , as much background research is done as it is possible with that amount of people that entered germany in the last two years . 
  if you would look into the stiuation , more and more local governments are doing so , and they are actually the one that are best capable of doing it . 
  due to the federal system that we have here in germany , the federal govenrment has no right to stop single events , they can only deny entry to this nation , which would be actually perfect for the erdogan-propaganda . 
  due to the constitution and the european principles , eu-members have generally the same rights here as germans . 
  therefor , it is most likly that eu-parliament-campaigns have the right to speak . 
  the thing is , out of legal reasons , it is easier for the local goverments in the cities to do something ( what they actually do ) than for the federal government . 
  the federal government can only do one thing : deny total entry , something that would only fuel the campaigns of erdogan better and make it more likly that he can establish his dictatorship . 
  local governments can prevent the single events from happening , because they have the competence to do so . 
  that was why i did n't said anything more than that :d . 
  a seriouse discussion is useless . 
  yeah - that will surly work / s, 
  but it had to be on the highest floor , since nobody is allowed to live above a synagogue ( or at least , that was my class told when we went to several synagogues in the ghetto ), 
   as a side note , i see no sense in teaching the kids first german than turkish if the parents speak a hell lot better turkish than german . 
  well , i now a few turkish families who did exactly that , and while the parents were never able to fully speak german , the kids were basically flawless . 
  by demanding german-speaking from the beginning , they were even able to not give their accent to their children . 
  the idea was basically `` we may speak in turkish to you , but you answer only in german !, 
  when you can that , we start with turkish '' and i do n't say turkish people should forget where they are from . 
  because of that , i distinguished `` do you want only surround you with turkish culture or do you want to participate with ** your turkish customs to the german society ** ? '', 
  again , my best friend in gymnasium was of turkish heritage , his parents were born in turkey and came here to study . 
  he speaks turkish with german accent ( so i was told ) and basically flawless german ( i think in the 5 years of your friendship before we lost contact , i had to correct him maybe 5 times ) his mother made turkish dishes and they had nice black-tea made in traditional pots , and so on . 
  but this guy was german because he , without forgetting his routs , comitted himself here . 
  his political interest centered in germany , his ideals , future plans , his center of life was in germany . 
  his parents moved out of a solely turkish comunity in order to get out of this turkish sub-culture where you never be able to become a part of german society . 
  for me , loyality does not mean necessary to give up your life for a nation , but rather how you identify yourself , which culture you want to contribute , if you see your surrounding rather as `` turkish subculture that tries to remain as turkish as possible '' or `` a turkish flavor of the german society '' . 
  it is about where you see your future , where you paln to be , where you see youself . 
  do you teach your kids first turkish and than german so that they can fit in when you go back to turkey and in the turkish sub-community , or first german so that they can have a better life here , if you are politically active , do you go to a rally of the akp or rather a german party ? 
  do you see yourself as turk living in germany or as german with turkish heritage . 
  do you want only surround you with turkish culture or do you want to participate with your turkish customs to the german society ? 
  these are all fundamental question for me , and it depends of if i am happy to have someone here or if i think it is better that they go where they heart lives . 
  and i think , the choice of nationality helps quite alot to determine where a person sees his future . 
  what i try to say , the law you cite is 100 % of the protection you can get as a citicen , so this is your `` full right of freedom of expression '' , even when it can be restricted under the conditions you wrote . 
  as a foreign official , you do n't get this version of this freedom at all . 
  the upmost you can get as a foreign official is the right to talk as some sort of general human dignity and free development of personality , which is an extreamly weak right in this regard and can easily be restricted . 
  so , when the legal maximum of the freedom of expression ( with the restriction ) is 100 % of what is possible ( and thereby is the `` full '' right of freedom of expression ) , a foreign official get maybe 20 or 30 % of that right . 
  his right to say something is there , but it can be way easier restricted . 
  my problem is that we have a lot of people with dual citicenship who 's loyality does not really lay here . 
  hell , i can still remember when i mentioned in a european law-course that i do n't want turkey in the eu due to their general violation of human rights and bigotery and i could feel how the turkish-german students around me gave me deadly glances , and that feelings were valified by the remarks i heard later of these . 
  what i want to say is that the dual-citicenship takes away the incentive to really intigrate . 
  as long as they have both , they can live here and vote erdogan , stay with there complete political and sociological interest in turkey . 
  because of that , i want them to dicide , and than to go through with it . 
  i want the turks we have to stay here , but only when they really commit themselves to this society , but do n't just stay here because it is more comfortable , but at the same time stay in a sub-culture that basically prepares to live out the pension in turkey where they really are at home . 
  i know , i just wanted to add this to / u/vertikal19 since we have here alot of european , who might leave this here with the idea that they are not as protected by the german constitution as they factually are . 
  as the term freedom of expression is already a legally defined term ( either by art . 
  10 of the echr or the version of the law your own nation has ) , the limitations of this freedom are included with them . 
  what i wanted to point out is that an foreign official is not protected as much by the freedom of expression a natural person , who has the full protection of the human rights , with nontheless still include the limitation of the freedom of expression the law has implemented . 
  unless you do military service in germany . 
  that is also the reason why basically everyone with dual citicenship enroles into german military service when they turn 18 ( had a friend who was exactly in this situation ) . 
  but agreed , you can only be dual citicen by birth , and actually , i would prefer if we would go to the old system where you have to choose at the age of 18 . 
  but to add to this , the equallity-laws of europe also extend these german-rights to most extenses to eu-citicens . 
  this law was changed in regard for kids born in germany with parents legally living here i think 8 years ( but i am not sure about that ) . 
  the legal requirenment to dicide for one nationality at the age of 18 was lifted a few years ago , so that even adults can have a double citicenship now . 
  would you please read more than the first sentence when arguing with me ? 
  in the next one , i said that , as he is not a privat person , but an official , the free speech does not protect him as good as private persons . 
  also , according to human rights , you ca n't deport any foreigner you do n't like , that is simply a violation of the law . 
  you need a legal reason to deport someone , either if he overstayed a visa , or came here illegally in the first place , or comit a crime that makes the visa or any other title for him to stay illegal . 
  the fact that we ca n't deport someone just because we do n't like them makes us a union of nations of laws !, 
  but you gave a specific question , and that is why he has rights according to art . 
  10 here , and i gave this answer . 
  but if you looked close enough , i agreed with you that he has no right as such , since he is not here as a private person , but as an official , and therefor , the human rights only partly apply to him , and free speech is one of the rights that apply less to him as an official as it would be for a private person . 
  i never said that there is no way to stop him , and i am actually in favor to stop him , just your argumentation was so off that i could n't let it stay that way . 
  well , art . 
  10 of the echr says `` every person '' not `` every european citicen '' , and the idea of the human rights are that they are universal . 
  so , erdogan as private person has the full right of freedom of expression . 
  that said , erdogan and his representatives would n't come here as private persons , but as deligates of another nation , and as far as i know , it is universally agreed that officials , as long concerns them in their spehere as officials , are exempted of some the human rights ( so , while the right to life is not connected to the duty as official , and therefor stays , the freedom of expression here is , so it can be easier restricted ) . 
  hope that he does not last as long as bush ? 
  well , i hope he does not last to the end of this month ( and the current reveiling of more and more hidden contact to the russians might make this true ), 
  yeah - that is the perfect argumentation to close the eyes for problems in your own nation . 
  i agree , nazi 's historically were german / austrians , also alot of different people of all occupied nations that worked alongside the nazi 's . 
  but , the basic concept of their actions , their mindset , that is universal and can occur everywhere . 
  they do n't have to be called nazi 's , they can easily be called united russia , akp , pis , fidesz , cherut , or trump 's followers ( it would be too broad to call the republicans as such out , but trumps followers very much ) . 
  as long as they act like they do and continue to share similar world-views , they are basically the same for me . 
  and do n't come with the argument `` but they have n't murdered x amount of people '' , the nazi 's did n't murder people in the start of their political career as well , they only started after they were able to demolish democracy in order to implement their hate-based idiology into political relaity . 
  because of that , i only compare these parties with the early-stage nazi 's ( well , nations like russia are a little bit farther down the road than for example trump 's usa ) . 
  nothing against that . 
  i see it very much as a benefit . 
  i can think of two reasons : first , our politics are quite boring . 
  even our current ` hot-topic ' merkel vs. schulz is boring . 
  in contrast , trumpistan is like a reality-tv-show where the weirdest stuff can happen . 
  second : finally , the idea that hitler was something happening because we are germans is off the table ( you do n't want to know how often this stereotyp comes up when you are on the internet ) . 
  now , we have so many nations that proove that there are egomanic nationalist idiots able to get into government , and even stupider ones than hitler was ( really , even in 1930 's germany , trump could n't have gotten that far ) . 
  but to be seriouse , i think the interest in this is because alot of german 's see unpleasent similarities between trump now and early-stage nazi-germany , not from the details , but from the overall appearance . 
  and in sepcial as a nation that is still quite near to a time where we fell into this state of insanity , it is quite worrying to see what might happen around us . 
  * the degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons . 
  * so basically , you want to drag down our civilized society by treating our criminals like shit ? 
  well done , the goal of the is to undermine western values are reached . 
  yeah , but crimes against humanity is not the same as violating human rights . 
  the one is a crime in international law , the other protective rights of people against goverments . 
  generally , crimes against humanity are also violagions of human rights , but that does not mean that they are handling the same issues . 
  that is one thing , but you were speaking of the usage of human rights and the human rights court , and nuremburg was n't about that . 
  they were trials about war criminals , which is another field of law . 
  the todays court that would could be a comparison to nuremburg is the international criminal court in den hague . 
  and this law and court would never be applicable to rapists . 
  well , because the nuremburg trials were n't about human rights , they happend before human rights really were established , and they were done by americans who does not acknowledge human rights legally to this very day . 
  the thing that you call them monsters indead of culprits , thereby trying to argue that they lost their human rights ( which you basically conclude by mentioning a human-right violating punishment ) is exactly what the human rights want to prevent . 
  the human rights are not here to protect us from any kind of bad people , it is here to prevent govermental abuse against people , no matter who these people are . 
  that includes that everybody gets fair trials , and that , no matter what the culprit did , no government or court has the right to deny the human rights to anyone .
