max clifford , jailed for 8 years [ 5 ] he was found guilty of sexual assaults and given an eight year sentence , although many think it 's extremely light seeing as there were allegations against him assaulting a 12 year old . 
  even the judge basically admitted it was light and that he believed it probably did happen but it was outside the jurisdiction and a long time ago . 
  also it was light because he was sentenced according to the standards of the legal codes of when he did it . 
  if he did it more recently ( i think post 2003 ) it 'd be a lot longer . 
  we learned about the irish struggle and war for independance , from 1800 onwards , but that was only 2nd year modern history a level . 
  the only other thing we learned about that was anything to do with the empire was about slavery back in year 8 . 
  edit : actually first year a level we learn about the empire because of the crimean war and the boer war . 
  the boer war being the main one , where we learned about how it started to change peoples opinions on the empire . 
  [ the lake district ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/keswick_panorama_-_oct_2009.jpg ) an area of cumbria , in north west england , and while it feels less impressive than many of the others posted in this thread , i really do love it . 
  it inspired william wordsworth and many other poets . 
  it includes the highest land in england , and also , by car , is quite close to hadrians wall as well . 
  it is just full of small villages , hills , `` mountains '' ( not really , but by england standards ) and lakes , and it is really nice . 
  of course this is the north west of england , so you get a lot of rain , and also because it 's a very popular tourist destination there are parts you best avoid ( especially on certain days of the year , e.g bank holidays ) but it 's quite a largish area , so you will usually find many nice , secluded walks . 
  [ more ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c6/scafells.jpg ) [ pictures ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/wast_water_from_great_gable.jpg ), 
  you could always just say the entire period of history in which you were ruled by england/great britain . 
  yeah , we 're sorry about that ... 
  nah , they all go to / r/ukpolitics . 
  at this point i do n't think assad can come out on top in this conflict , unlike if it had been crushed before it became a civil war . 
  with how long this has been going on and with how much of the country is against him , it 's not like any group will just lie down and accept assads rule not matter what happens . 
  some other plan is required than that, 
  i 've always heard politically the dutch are very similar to the uk with regard to the eu , and that we have similar goals in it , with both wanting to stay in it and reform . 
  hence why the dutch really do n't want us to leave . 
  i have no idea how those ideas are taken by the public though . 
  i just know here we have vocal anti skeptics , but even many of those who do n't want to leave want reform and either want more powers back , or do n't want the transfer of anymore . 
  and then you have some of them who will talk about it like that , but will then do a nazi salute or something while wearing a poppy . 
  some have made it seem like they still wish it was ww2 , except they want us to be germany, 
  it 's basically seen as the defining moment of our country ( both ww2 , and the aftermath with the founding of the nhs ) . 
  along with ww1 it 's where most of the stereotypical british attitudes either came from or exemplified by . 
  britain , standing toe to toe with a europe most of which is occupied by fascist tyranny , all joining together in national solidarity with a stiff upper lip as the germans bombed our cities . 
  obviously this is romanticised massively , but this is how it 's seen . 
  there is almost a sense of nostalgia for it , by people who lived through it and those who did n't ( i had my great aunt who did live through it , they took in an evacuee , once tell me that she even wishes it was still like the war , as everyone was much more friendly and willing to help each other ) i do dislike the lack of focus on other battles like in burma , and i honestly think that not only is the huge soviet contribution wrongly downplayed ( i think to a lesser extent now , but i studied russian history at a level so i 'm not sure ) , but so is the americans . 
  with a lack of perspective on the pacific theatre , we do n't really hear anything about the defeat of the japanese except , `` and then the usa dropped atom bombs on hiroshima and nagasaki . '', 
  and me please ? 
  do n't forget all his work building up homophobia in uganda and helped lead to the laws there ( that originally called for the death penalty , though in the final bill it was changed to life in prison ), 
  though i do think the joke is that this is n't actually `` europe '' geographically , because the border between france and the netherlands is on saint martin/sint maarten an island in the carribean , and that they do n't actually have a border in europe . 
  like the whole border between brazil and france thing , except both of these are in the eu, 
  as you say , if you 're judging who would win such a conflict ( i agree it 'd probably be a stalemate ) you ca n't really know what will happen if russia used nukes . 
  the balance of power in the world shifts completely . 
  if the us nuke back that would start ww3 and cause unprecedented global destruction . 
  if the us does n't nuke back , us power in the world drops massively , nato is completely pointless and us involvement in europe is gone completely . 
  other countries may build up there own nuclear weapons . 
  russia have shown they have the power to do almost anything and no one will stop them . 
  so much could change in the world . 
  not enough maps of the empire, 
  while i have to begrudgingly admit it 's a really cool design , as a lancastrian , i nonetheless hate it . 
  red rose is best rose, 
  maybe i 'm just being an idiot but are n't all the irish republican and northern irish unionist terrorist attacks missing as well ? 
  it might just be because i 'm british but when i think of pre 9/11 terrorism but that 's my first thought, 
  question that i 've had for a while ( and always have for all crown dependencies and overseas territories ) , what sort of traction do independence movements have on your island ? 
  did n't you hear the news , we 're raising anchor and setting sail some time in september . 
  might be nice to migrate for the winter, 
  what i 'm assuming is that they 've read the `` britain will be the first nation to increase it 's medal count from a home olympics '' that has been said a lot , and because of the way medal tables are done assume that means that we 'd either be the first one to get more golds , or are just saying that as `` a host country doing better the olympics after hosting '', 
  depends on how you 're counting it , if by medals , 58 medals in sydney , but then `` only '' 50 in athens in 2004 . 
  they did worse , though still impressive if by gold , then yeah they got 16 in sydney , but managed to get 17 in athens, 
  [ the unknown warrior ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/92/tomb_of_the_unknown_warrior_-_westminster_abbey_-_london%2c_england_-_9_nov._2010.jpg ) , the first such tomb ( well joint first with france , whose was buried simultaneously . ), 
  it 's in westminster abbey , buried in 1920 to remember the unknown dead from ww1 , though the idea was conceived as early as 1916 . 
  it is the only tomb in westminster abbey that it is completely forbidden to walk on , and also after each royal wedding the bride has her bouquets laid at the tomb . 
  the inscription reads  beneath this stone rests the body  of a british warrior  unknown by name or rank  brought from france to lie among  the most illustrious of the land  and buried here on armistice day  11 nov : 1920 , in the presence of  his majesty king george v  his ministers of state  the chiefs of his forces  and a vast concourse of the nation  thus are commemorated the many  multitudes who during the great  war of 1914 -- 1918 gave the most that  man can give life itself  for god  for king and country  for loved ones home and empire  for the sacred cause of justice and  the freedom of the world  they buried him among the kings because he  had done good toward god and toward  his house the unknown soldier has received the medal of honor from general john pershing , and in return the us unknown soldier has been given the victoria cross . 
  and less pessimistic than france, 
  also it 's not difficult to have the higher gun homicide rates when you 're the only country easily allowing guns . 
  and still having some of the lowest homicide rates along with that shows it 's not really a gun issue, 
  liverpool docks are endangered because construction work and development along the dockfronts ( new skyscrapers , docks , evertons new football stadium i think ) will supposedly destroy the historical significance of the site . 
  now she 's too weak to push either line . 
  if she goes for the hard brexit she pisses off a majority of mp 's , including some of her own party . 
  if she goes soft brexit the small but influential group of hard brexit supporting tory mp 's are pissed off . 
  she barely has a majority , so ca n't afford to piss either side off . 
  it is impossible not to piss either side of them off though considering the conservatives are split ideologically on europe ... 
  which is the issue that led to this bloody referendum in the first place . 
  actually the [ last poll ] ( http://twitter.com/ncpoliticsuk/status/873676671295123458?s=09 ) had it at 51 % supporting remain . 
  when asked if they want to remain or leave , every poll has been within the moe of the actual result . 
  some remain in the lead , others not . 
  when asked if they think it should go ahead , the majority say it should . 
  basically it 's saying for remainers it 's not as issue now , it should go ahead anyway but if they got another vote on it , they 'd vote remain , like last time, 
  could always just go for [ the corbyn answer ] ( https://twitter.com/sadcat786/status/872533061199679492 ), 
  cameron tried to modernise the conserbatives , pushed through gay marriage against most of his party etc. 
  it was osborne ( former chancellor , sacked by may ) who was the socially progressive one . 
  him and may reportedly have a huge hatred of each other since they were in the cabinet together , as he was the main opponent of her wanting strict immigration laws , as well as other things . 
  hence she sacked him when she became and pm , and why he 's spent the last few days on tv just smiling at how awful she 's done . 
  also supposedly friends with macron, 
  to describe in seemingly british politics lfi/pcf - old school socialists . 
  e.g mildly eurosceptic as they believe it damages workers rights . 
  basically corbyn if he did n't need to moderate his views much . 
  ps : basicslly labour . 
  just like labour covers a wide range of the left ( left wing to centrists ) , they also went further left this time under hamon . 
  lrem/modem : blairites/lib dems/more centrists conservatives ( e.g cameron and especially osborne ) lr - the conservative party ( but less eurosceptic ? ), 
  fn - ukip sound about right ? 
  i assume there 's loads of small ones that used to exist in beach towns in the uk , which have closed as less people take the train to a beach holiday there now , most taking the car for a day out . 
  there 's still [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fisherman%27s_walk_cliff_railway ) in bournemouth which is shorter than the one linked , at 39m, 
  apparently the funicular in [ bournemouth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fisherman%27s_walk_cliff_railway ) is shorter at 39m, 
  exit poll : too close to call `` fuck '' ( but yeah should know the conservatives have won at 10 and if it 's a landslide or not ), 
  supply and confidence probably more likely . 
  a party will promise to support the minority government in big votes , such as passing a queens speech , in exchange for demands . 
  eg snp wo n't go into coalition with labour but will support them, 
  so what you 're saying is you want a minority government , which collapses and we get another election next year ? 
  phillip may rarely does them either . 
  he did a weird joint interview with theresa may on some early evening show in the election campaign , but other than that , a photo of the two on holiday , and when she first became pm , he 's not done public stuff . 
  i know people who work with him . 
  he 's supposedly a nice , funny guy, 
  so the thrones of scotland and england had the same monarch , but were n't yet the united kingdom , and instead still two separate countries . 
  if i remember correctly , the countries of england and scotland only became one in 1707 with the acts of the union forming great britain .
