peak m\u0103m\u0103liga ... it does have a certain charm to it . 
  care to explain ? 
  i am actually being curious of why you would say that . 
  i ca n't tell if you are joking so i will make it short just in case . 
  romania is named after the roman empire , not romani people . 
  romani people represent 4 % of romania 's population . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  thank you !, 
  hopefully the government will resign soon . 
  they can and they will probably try again . 
  the thing is that some of the leaders in psd will be facing trials for their crimes soon so they will try to do everything they can to save themselves , even if it means to defy the will of the people and the constitution . 
  i really feel that the eu should have more influence in the internal matters of each member state as in stopping governments from going rogue or passing crazy laws like this one . 
   redditor for 3 days, 
  i agree , the message could have been done a little bit better : /, 
  too bad that corruption is now legal in romania ... 
  they are preparing the helicopters . 
  there 's only so much he can do . 
  he went out on the streets to protest with the rest of us and also tried to attend most of the parliament meetings to make sure they wo n't pass the law . 
  however psd , being the little shits that they are , passed the law at night time when most of the people are not active . 
  those guys ruined vlad . 
  you know you are bad when you can manage to ruin vlad . 
  at this stage i am so angry that i would n't mind if we were to use the good ol' impaling method on them . 
   it was revoked by the very hungarian government you 're trying to claim persecuted romanians ... 
  so because they revoked the pact we are supposed to just forget ? 
  how does that make it okay ? 
  also i am not trying to claim that the romanians were persecuted , it is a fact . 
   i am angry because the annexation of these territories was dismissed as the `` fair thing to do '' . 
  and that any incentive to peacefully revise this obviously unfair treaty was treated instantly as anti-romanianism and fascism . 
  it seems that hungary suddenly became very happy to divide transylvania based on the number of hungarian and romanian inhabitants after it lost the war . 
  before that , the hungarians were rather comfortable with holding the whole of transylvania for themselves . 
  i guess opinions change when you do n't have the upper hand anymore . 
   i could ask the same the other way round : if you think that is the case , why do you think starting a whole war was the right course of action ? 
  you are acting like we had a choice between going to war and peacefully negotiating with austria-hungary . 
  your emperor dismissed the petition sent by the romanians in transylvania ( which wanted equal rights for all the minorities ) without even reading it in 1892 . 
   starting wars is something imperialists usually do . 
  yeah , tell me about it . 
  it 's not like austria-hungary started the first world war in the first place . 
  except that they were [ persecuted . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unio_trium_nationum ) either way you are taking this you still have no reason to call us imperialists . 
  let 's say that the romanians were not persecuted , neither are the hungarians living in romania , this means that you are angry that territories where the majority of the population was hungarian were ceded to romania . 
  if that is the case do you feel that it was fair for romanians to be under hungarian occupation for hundreds of years ? 
  from what i understand the owner of bran castle recently said that that it is not for sale and that the rumours about its sale are false . 
  we wo n't get any stronger unfortunately . 
  most of romania 's growth in the last year was done by ciolos ( the pm of romania in 2016 and the only good one we ever had ) . 
  now that the psd party won the elections they replaced him with some corrupt guy just like in the good ol' days, 
  what a shame that we will probably lose the best prime minister we ever had . 
  also the independent talking about dragnea as if he would be a good new pm for us , do they even know what they are talking about ? 
  we were doing really good for the last year but i guess all good things come to an end , four more years of corruption and stagnation ahead of us . 
  it is true that romania existed before . 
  this marks the day when the kingdom of romania united with transylvania and the russian occupied part of moldova to form `` greater romania '' after world war 1 . 
  i first heard `` fato '' instead of fuck off . 
  `` fato '' is usually used when addressing girls in a condescending way . 
  so i was like , this guy learned a romanian word just to insult them , such determination to being an asshole . 
  eh , since season 3 the show is not that fantastic anymore because d&d started to make their own decisions . 
  the whole dorne thing , stannis ' and euron greyjoy were not that great compared to the books . 
  roose bolton and barristan 's deaths were also pretty rushed . 
  my guess is that hbo did n't want the show to go on forever so they just rushed some of the plot-lines . 
  that 's uh . . a good point . 
   romanians = proud europeans speaking a romance language like any true europeans . 
  so the germans , danes , poles , british etc are not european ? 
  dude , calm down ... 
  at first i thought that the map was using the shape of the counties and not the actual spread of the population to show the language , hence why i did n't see a problem with the counties near hungary . 
  my bad mate . 
  it just seems that the map is just crap . 
  he 's trying to say that romanian = romani . 
  that 's harsh taking in consideration that this thread was not about autonomy but about language . 
  mures still has slightly romanian majority , so why they decided to colour it in solid yellow is beyond me . 
  i am still salty that stannis was defeated by sir twenty of house goodman \u2122, 
  wrong politician buddy . 
  ah swedish cuisine , you never dissapoint . 
  are you still alive ? 
  hold my toilet paper , i am going in !, 
  noble, 
  ** save **, 
  speak for yourself . 
  edit : no one gets kenm references , smh, 
  can you say that again please , i did n't get it the first time . 
  yeah because mozart , beethoven , maria theresa and many others were not important enough , right ? 
  by that logic everything that people should know about the uk is henry viii and the atrocities committed by the british empire . 
  also i think all europeans could point austria on the map . 
  but maybe you are talking about the people outside of europe and if that is the case then i doubt they would know where the uk is on the map either . 
  anyway your account is only 21 days old so it seems like you have created it only to troll people . 
  i would be fine with that . 
  how much are you paid per comment ? 
   are the means of production owned privately and being being operated for profit ? 
  if the answer is `` yes '' , it 's capitalism . 
  so if most complaints about capitalism are about the people who own the industry / corporations and use their influence to gather even more wealth for themselves by using shady or morally wrong ways then what would stop the state from doing the same thing ? 
  power corrupts and weak people will defy the law no matter what . 
  it does not matter if they have a private company or if they are high-ranking members of the state . 
  for example we could have a capitalist society in which the coroporations pay fair taxes and have strong morals , but the chances of having something like that is just as great as having a functional communist state . 
  to me it seem that clean capitalism is better `` true '' communism and bad capitalism is still better than `` bad '' communism, 
   communism is a stateless , classless , moneyless society . 
  i 'm pretty sure the soviet union had all three . 
  uhmm , what ? 
  the soviet union had all of those things . 
  you still needed money to survive which the majority of the population had very little ( so less freedom than the people in the west ) . 
  so money was a very real resource , the only thing is that was not as available to the general population . 
  there was also a very small number of people with lots of influence by being key players in the bureaucratic system who had a higher standard of living that the other part of the population . 
  and ususally it was not based on merits but on connections if you were to get a promotion . 
  yeah sure , the majority of the population had the same standard of livning , but it was a very low standard .
