or in this case '' \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac\u03b4\u03b1 '' . 
  alex could be a short for alexios as well . 
  source i am greek . 
  it 's not even 10 % accurate . 
  you said western and all of eastern europe is blue . 
  western ? 
  all of eastern europe is blue . 
  not as blue but blue . 
  and we greeks have for sure a poor country ... 
  in greece we were supporting argentina and betting on germany . 
  in.gr belongs probably at the worst organisation in greece ( \u0394\u039f\u039b ) . 
  they are taking most of the competitions for public constructions by extortion the last thirty years ( at least until the act of `` main shareholder '' ) . 
  the ( deceased now ) ceo have told that he can make or throw away governments . 
  in greek is '' \u03c0\u03b1\u03c0\u03ac\u03ba\u03b9 '' as in `` little duck '' . 
  greece . -, 
  all of cyclades are white and blue . 
  nothing to worry about . 
  forget about the frenzy , media are babbling about . 
  you will not have a single problem . 
  well ... we are out either we like it or not !, 
  good luck , neighbors !, 
  spit your chest . 
  i read `` brides '' and i was worried that the new measurements would require to give our women to the eu . 
  well . 
  i 'm from greece , so i would n't even begin to start telling you ... 
  samaras has resigned and this is the only good that this referendum will get us . 
  i am not a nd voter . 
  i do n't know if nd could win the elections . 
  i was hoping for a coalition of almost every democratic party . 
  the only way is to be united and i do n't think another government will do that . 
  this time i ca n't blame them . 
  this government has no plan other than two days ahead . 
  at this thread you can see finland and baltic countries that are totally opposed to a new agreement . 
  why the eu will take in consideration the greek referendum and not the opinions of other countries ? 
  you would think that , but the current government has number one priority the public sector . 
  so even with an unlikely collapse they will build everything up to an even bigger public sector . 
  that 's what they represent . 
  that 's what they aim for . 
  and that 's why they have the full support of those workers . 
  i 'm greek and voted yes . 
  i 'm terrible disappointed by the outcome of the referendum not because of the answer but because of the way it was accomplished . 
  when the question is so vague you can give to it whatever meaning you think is better for your chances to win . 
  the coalition government tried to give it a revolutionary and pride tone . 
  and of course every nation has pride . 
  when the last 5 years everything is going wrong to your economy . 
  a lot of people here have a mentality that they could n't lose more . 
  and probably many of them are right . 
  so they chose chaos and unstability because they ca n't wait any more . 
  they do n't have the clear mind that you need to see that only slow reforms are the only way to economic growth . 
  and i do n't blame them . 
  when the last 40 years your public sector is getting so big in numbers whatever is in favour of it is the winner of anything . 
  we have 1.2 million public sector workers . 
  they have families that vote . 
  only them are more than half the voting body of the country . 
  after all that i just hope that tsipras will get this clear message by the greek people and throw it away and continue to an agreement with the institutions/troika . 
  some slightly better conditions to justify the whole referendum and that 's all . 
  because if he chooses the grexit way it 's going to be a huge mistake . 
  that 's all from a european union big fan . 
  i hope we will be together for a long time to come . 
  you are not out of the loop . 
  neither has a specific answer . 
  no , because i was expecting something like this to happen ( not to this extend ) . 
  the same buzzwords without actual numbers or plan were used then too . 
  still . 
  we do n't vote about that . 
  but we vote for the agreement . 
  not the haircut . 
  imf anyway proposed this week about one . 
  i did n't know that yes means that i support pasok and new democracy . 
  because by your logic no means golden dawn , because they support it . 
  so are you a golden dawn supporter ? 
  greek that will vote yes here . 
  you have the same questions like me . 
  i do n't believe they have anything specific . 
  just some general ideas that are very nice for people that are 5 years in great recession but not immediately achievable . 
  if you read the referendum and then decide `` yes '' to it then you know what is going to happen . 
  if you decide `` no '' ? 
  do you know that the taxes are going to drop or the employment will rise or anything at all ? 
  we work even more hours . 
  we are working overtime that is not visible because they are not paid . 
  i 'm not an employee but own a small business . 
  i work seven days a week . 
  i open at 9 am and close at 8:30 pm monday to saturday and 9 am to 2 pm at sunday . 
  the productivity it 's low but mainly at the public sector . 
  you ca n't afford to have low productivity at a job in the private sector because there are literally thousands that wants your job and they are unemployed . 
  i know that i speak against the beliefs of most of / r/europe but this is the truth . 
  even older greeks speak english . 
  our biggest industry is tourism . 
  they have to . 
  or when the german magazine focus made the statue of aphrodite give us the finger ? 
  http://ancienthistory.about.com/od/alexanderarticles/ss/032211-was-alexander-the-great-a-greek.htm this is the most un-biased article i could find . 
  it is kind of complicated , but even then alexander the great when he conquered the known world , he spread the greek culture . 
  the short answer is it is complicated , but they were not slavs ( they came to the region 700 years later ) and they were part of wars against persia or other invaders with the greek army . 
  there was never a time that only one part called hellas . 
  maybe it was under occupation at some times ( like ottoman empire ) but even the city states were identified as hellenic tribe . 
  the whole country is hellas . 
  the official name is hellenic republic . 
  now . 
  if we can make them call us hellas instead of greece . 
  that 's because they do n't have any claims to your history or your lands .
