  i just want a president who does n't back up political islam or terrorist organizations . 
  a president that does n't use islamic terrorists , or support political islamist to increase their power in that country or gain some delicious and bloody oil money . 
  because we are partly middle-eastern and what happens there affects us . 
  see the syrians , see the pkk . 
  and if hillary is elected it will go on . 
  idk maybe if donald is elected they will go on , too . 
  but i do not care , at least i know who hillary is . 
  otherwise i do not much give a fuck about if americans can have guns or not , can smoke weed or not , let mexicans in or not , build wall or not , their phones are listened or not , pay more taxes or not . 
  it 's american 's problems . 
  we have already 99 problems in our country and some of them are this way or that way caused by the usa . 
  all i care is , the fucking disguasting foreign policy of the usa . 
  no problem . 
  they were once living here , it was their homeland , i guess the mountain is sacred for them also . 
  no harsh there is . 
  politics happen , shit happen , wars happen , borders change , happened lots of time in the history and probably will happen more . 
  the point is they are living there now and we are living here . 
  the mountain is within turkish borders . 
  they like that mountain , it is important for them . 
  so pretty normal . 
  wish they were still here , wish what happened in past did n't happened but well , it happened . 
  to be honest , since you slept with more than 20 different girl in 8 month , well you are the easy one ; if being `` easy '' is a real thing . 
  at the end , they did n't sleep with you , you slept together . 
  yea , i know what you meant . 
  i just wanted to show you the other part of the medal too . 
  well , i am no polish myself , however i know polish people in some extend . 
  well , a fair amount of polish people are pretty catholics . 
  you know all of these `` staying pure '' mentality . 
  however , sex is not that much taboo with widespread society in poland . 
  and woman are pretty strong and individual as rest of the `` western '' civilization . 
  actually i can say , they are stronger than these western european women , because they deal with drunk polish men ( stereotype , but true with a little bit reality , come on confess it eastern european men ! ), 
  more , they work harder , and they support their family more , in my honest opinion . 
  also , i do not believe it has much with development of the country either . 
  poland is pretty developed country , you can not say rich like western europe but still developed . 
  high rank on development , education and culture . 
  maybe you all met with these `` oh a walking american/canadian/british passport '' girls , still no matter , in poland if it is not restricted by moral codes of your religion , than sex is not that much taboo . 
  never seen germany or sweden , so i do not know . 
  seen usa , compared to poland , polish people would say `` bulka z maslem  '' . 
  as native speakers we are not considering much the suffixes order , just speak it naturally . 
  but as you asked , i realized it is a complicated case for a new learner . 
  i guess the best way to learn it to just practice and do not memorize the rules . 
  i think memorizing the rule would make it more complicated . 
  but for starting i can just clear this 3 points ;, 
  1 ) negatition suffix always follows the verb stem . 
  it doesnt matter what are the rest suffixes are . 
  2 ) pronoun suffixes ( - m , - n , - iz vs ) are always at the end of the chain . 
  3 ) when the tense is not compound , the tense suffix is always right before the pronoun suffix . 
  i guess it is a good approact to memorize couple complex and compound example and use it partially anytime . 
  of course these are verb conjugations . 
  there are noun/adj infilations too . 
  i guess best is not memorize but feel it . 
  good luck . 
  both are awesome . 
  just what i was looking for . 
  thank you so much !, 
  i am doing duolingo and memrise and studying grammer with oscar swan book . 
  and i follow couple polish youtubers whose talking i find more clear ( m\u00f3wia\u0107 inaczej , 20m2 , arlena witt and karol paciorek ) . 
  however i still do not understand what are they talking , only grasping the individual words , some sentence structures and overall topic sometimes ( sometimes not even overall topic ) . 
  i have n't ever studied on written press . 
  would it really help ? 
  so rarely , there is tonality though . 
  most popular example is `` hala '' . 
  depends on your tone it may mean `` aunt '' or `` still '', 
  that is so rare already as i say . 
  just a few words comes to my mind like ; kar , ala , hal . 
  that 's all caused because of the borrowed arabic words actually . 
  for the root of the turkish language , yes there is no tonality . 
  beside yesterday is ` dun ' , it is correct . 
  think like this ; - diyse is schrodinger 's cat in the box . 
  until you do the main action on present/future , you do not know if the first action happened or not happened in the past . 
  ( if the cat did n't die , i will play with it ), 
  maybe not directly swearing but in polish there are two words ; cholera and masakra which you can easily predict what they mean in english ; cholera ( ch is a sound same to h so it is read ` holera ' ) and massacre . 
  cholera means - bugger , damn , holy crap, 
  and they use masakra for situations that is weird , absurd or unwanted . 
  alright , i am not a professional translator or anythingbut here you go :, 
  if i can not decide and play out of the rules, 
  as long as it is unharmful , i would n't back down, 
  i am loving you ( which is not grammaticaly correct in english but it reflects the arty expression here ), 
  every attempt of mine looking for your hand errs, 
  wakes me up the fall of a droplet over the roof, 
  floating of faces over the shadowy ceiling, 
  i would wish myself words that, 
  i could tell myself later, 
  and for you , stories , stories , stories, 
  ok here are some explanations which is more helpful for you since you want to learn the language , not meaning of a specific song ;, 
  here the `` da/de '' word gives a meaning to the sentence as `` when '' like two action happenes and the second action happens because of the first action . 
  i play out of the rules ( when/because of/in a result ) i can not decide . 
  karariz kalmak literally means `` be not able to decide . '', 
  play without the rules . 
  here `` de/da '' word is in a different purpose . 
  it adds a meaning of `` as long as '' . 
  zararsiz olsun da is as long as it is not harmful . 
  i will not forget/change my word that i gave . 
  sozunden donmek = forget the promise , cancel the promise . 
  seni seviyorum is , well , i love you . 
  this version is the normal usage of it . 
  however seni sevmekteyim is a arty selection . 
  it does not have any place in collequal speach but in art . 
  it literally makes you feel like '' right now for a while i am in a situation of feeling love to you '', 
  - teyim / - deyim / - dayim / - tayim suffixes gives a meaning to the verb as `` i am doing this action right now , i am on it , i am on the way '', 
  searching for something with your hand .
