  other meaning is just `` checking '' if something there/alright/done, 
  yoklayisim is `` my checking/searching '', 
  yanilmak is `` erring '', 
  in this sentence the subject is `` elini her yoklayisim '' . 
  so who errs ? 
  the action of `` elini her yoklayisim '' errs . 
  not used in collequal speech . 
  again subject here is `` bir damlanin catiya dususu '' . 
  this makes you wake up . 
  follow up of the previous sentence . 
  it is same as `` bir damlanin catiya dususu '' . 
  here object is `` kelimeler '' . 
  side sentence is `` hep sonradan kendimi anlatabilecegim '' which describe the quality of the `` kelimeler '', 
  since word order is not stricted in turkish , here is a displacement of the word order . 
  they had put a part of the object sentence between the other object `` bana '' and verb `` dilemek '' and than carried out the rest at the end of the sentence . 
  bana is '' to me / for me '', 
  follow up of the previous sentence . 
  i would wish bla bla bla for myself and for yourself i would wish stories , stories , stories . 
  hope helps , 
  i bought pro because of a really good offer ( something like $ 8 for a year ), 
  what it provides extra and how i use it ;, 
  - lets you download the courses you study ( this is the best service for me because i work in a remote construction site and internet sucks there . 
  also i am having long plane trips and i use memrise all the way on flight mode ), 
  - shows you some statistics ( not any useful for me , i just checked it first day i bought and never checked again . 
  i do not care about my statistics or anything . 
  it shows how many learning activity you did in each day which may be useful for some people . 
  it also shows how many hours you studied today , last week , last month , total etc. 
  which courses you spend time most . 
  which days you are more productive etc. 
  as i said i do n't benefit of it ), 
  - activates two new learning modules ; difficult words and listening skill . 
  difficult words make you extra study the words you did wrong on normal repeat . 
  listening skills are the same audio study you have on normal course , but just consist of this listening activities . 
  - it also adds meet the native module which is i guess you listen some real people say some of the vocabularies . 
  but i al learning polish and official polish courses does n't have this function yet , so i have no idea how useful is it . 
  these are the all i have noticed or used . 
  when i bought it it was really an ridiculous amount for it . 
  i mean just offline mode deserve this in my case . 
  idk i guess i would pay something like 30 $ per year for this mode but more than this i would n't choose to buy i guess . 
  i am from turkey so this amount i am sure is arranged according to buying ability of turkish people . 
  it is 27 liras and it was something like value of two pack of cigarettes for me . 
  because it is more expensive for westeners in their home country than it is for an asian in his home country . 
  what they save is not that huge numbers for their home country . 
  if they earn 12k and save lets say 4k of it than it means almost 1k in dollars and it is nothing in their own country . 
  why would they bother to go to abroad for such values . 
  and almost everyone comes to dubai to save money and eventually move back to their home country for a good life . 
  westener or asian . 
  and people forget that dubai is offering asians these jobs because at the end europeans spend these money , and creates more jobs in dubai , more attractions and everything . 
  that eventually creates more job in the market and more workers come to dubai . 
  i am not saying it is fair that same position job is paid different based on your nationality . 
  but lets think what other scenarios would be ;, 
  1 ) everyone would be paid same 6k . 
  than no westeners will come to dubai for sure because in their home country they are earning even more than that . 
  than dubai will be just asians and arabs living . 
  market will not be as appealing as it should be , it will decrease the jobs and everything . 
  2 ) everyone will be paid in westener standarts , lets say 12k . 
  than more asians and arabs will want to come to dubai because this salaries are unimaginable for lots of people from these countries . 
  they will start to say '' ok i will work for this job for 10k just hire me , no i will work for 8k , no no no i will work for just 6k , 4k ... '' do you see where it ends ?? 
  it ends at the current situation exactly . 
  the value of 12k is not same for a asian or arab and for an westener . 
  if it was , no asian or arab would even come for 4k salaries . 
  for exaple a french engineer would earn 3k $ in his home country . 
  it makes almost 12k dhs . 
  why would he leave his own country , everything he used to , and a beautiful country we talk about for the same salary in dubai ? 
  so useful suggestions , thank you . 
  i will try to follow . 
  before sunset, 
  i am not that much pessimist . 
  i believe it is a trend of socio-economy . 
  i feel like we had to live this period of time , it was our destiny . 
  erdo is on power for 15 years now . 
  of course so much thing had changed negatively in turkey during this period . 
  but still , i see as he could n't achieve what he wanted that much . 
  that 15 years was not enough for him . 
  we , seculars , are a rigit body of this country , i understood this in this period . 
  and i understood it is not easy to make turkey a saudi arabi , iran or iraq . 
  he could n't do it in this 15 years . 
  and how long will he live anymore ?? 
  15 more years ? 
  my kids wo n't obey to his plans in this country as i have n't obeyed and as my parents have n't obeyed . 
  his political fashion is losing popularity already . 
  when economy goes bad , people do not much think about secularism or conservatism . 
  they think about how much they pay to a bread . 
  and if economy goes like this , the goat people will punish will be erdogan himself . 
  once he is dead or somehow or defeated by an election ( now a new opposition movent is rising popularity in turkey already ) , his ideas and his changes will be forgotton . 
  because turkey is a secular country for almost 95 years now . 
  it is not that easy to change this . 
  and i honestly see that he could n't succeed eventhough all his power and time so far . 
  i am a 27 y/o turkish civil engineer whom has a polish wife-to-be . 
  well , my future plans about my career is all about to be working in turkey due to some reasons . 
  you know , european way and turkish way is kinda different about most of the things and i am used to turkish way . 
  i know what is the business here , i am earning good money in turkish standarts , i work in a good job etc. 
  most important thing is i know construction sector and business here . 
  eventually this is my country and i know it . 
  and my wife-to-be is a graphic designer , she can easily find a job in turkey , she is also a polish-american so english is her native language . 
  and she loves turkey . 
  still you may or may not know , but things in turkey are not that great . 
  politically/economically , things are going pretty downward . 
  \u0130 can always work in russia or arabic countries which offers really good money/bad working conditions . 
  and it is obvious , turkey is not europe , and it may be kinda hard to live in turkey for a foreigner such as my wife-to-be .
