  she is in turkey now , we never had a problem about her being a foreigner . 
  she loves here , people love her etc. 
  but you know , as i said turkey is not europe . 
  so , if it is to be needed , i may consider to work abroad , maybe in poland . 
  but as personality , i am a kinda coward person to make changes . 
  it scares me . 
  i would not want to live in usa because it is a whole different world for me and so far away to turkey . 
  well , i guess i kept it kinda long , here is my question ;, 
  is construction business alive in poland ? 
  do you have continuous construction investments , big projects , stable business in poland ? 
  would it be easy to me find a job in poland ? 
  is there harsh conditions or rules for foreigner workers ? 
  especially in construction sector ? 
  are engineering considered a prestigious job ? 
  do they earn good/enough to live in poland ? 
  side not - as you know turkey is a developing country so construction business is so alive which is not that great to economy but it creates job field . 
  so it is hard to not find a job in turkey as a civil engineer but engineers do n't have much respect here . 
  they are regular mid class . 
  earn avarage . 
  not much satifying professionally etc. 
  which cities of poland would have good civil engineering opportunities ? 
  my wife-to-be is from lesser poland . 
  i really love rzeszow . 
  i easily would be a farmer there , really . 
  i love there . 
  but i guess it is not much brilliant about construction sector , right ? 
  about me , i have diploma that is valid in all europe , i had my bachelor degree in civil engineering in full english education . 
  my polish is not that good yet , i am trying to learn for 5 years but hell not enough to learn it , especially for a turkish that does n't live in poland . 
  shortly , how is construction sector in poland ? 
  would i starve or live like donald trump ? 
  hello ,, 
  because of maritial reasons i will need to move usa in one year , if everything goes as planned . 
  i am a civil engineer with a bs degree from a university in my country . 
  it is a nice university alas diploma does n't have abet acreditation . 
  i searched on ncees and found they give equivalence to diplomas that satisfy their requirements . 
  i checked the requirements and looks like everything is ok ( ie . 
  classes i took , their credits and hours etc. ), 
  so it looks like i wo n't have any problem in this case ( i hope ) . 
  now i am 27 y/o . 
  and i have minor job experiences since i could finish my school kinda late due to some financial issues i had . 
  i am working as a civil engineers for 1 years . 
  ( i have worked as designer while i was student too on steel and rc structures and on field ), 
  i know if i start a life in usa , all my history is cleared in front of employer 's eyes and i will be count as a new graduated one , even more worse , i will be considered lesser than a usa new graduated engineer . 
  these are all ok for me now . 
  i know english enough . 
  i do not have much problem speaking or understanding , just lack of daily culture of usa , as you may assume . 
  my wife-to-be is american , we are together over 5 years . 
  i have almost perfect knowledge of autocad beside good knowledge of sap2000 and some domestic rc design programs . 
  ahh i guess i made a huge explaination but here is my question . 
  what would i expect in usa ? 
  being unemployed as a civil engineer for a long long while ? 
  will i only be a mcdonald 's guy , or pizza delivery ? 
  never be able to be hired ? 
  is my age to old because i will be counted as a fresh graduated ? 
  i am planning to work as a autocad drafter till i find a job in my profession . 
  is it a good idea or just dream ? 
  side notes : i do not know american standarts and codes . 
  i know how to work with imperial units however i am not that fluent as i am with metric units . 
  i love working as a site engineer rather than office works . 
  especially residancial structures . 
  edit : i also know ansys mechanical and cfx btw . 
  hello ,, 
  my girlfriend is us citizen and we are planning to be married in a year or so . 
  we were not much considering to live in usa since she is also european and idk my home country or her home country would be better . 
  well we started to consider to live in usa now since i am a civil engineer and she is graphic designer and life would be better for us in usa . 
  however i have a little ( i hope ) problem . 
  in 2008 summer i have come to alaska with a program called work and travel while i was in collage . 
  and me and one of my friend are cought while consuming beer !!, 
  i was 19 than , and i was consuming alcohol for over 1 year legally in my country . 
  well , another country another rules , so i should respect that . 
  but as i said i am caught and trooper came , wrote me a ticket for court . 
  in two weeks or so we had court . 
  at that time my english was not much good and judge was using so much law terms so naturally we could n't understand him . 
  he sent us to find a attorney and postponed the trial a week or so . 
  than we found a free public defender and he attented to next trial behalf of us while we were working . 
  at the first trial judge asked us if we accept our crime and than added '' if you accept it i am not sure if you can enter to usa with visa ever again so talk to a lawyer first '' . 
  he said we have to option , accept , deny or nonconvicted something . 
  we chose the third option . 
  he said if we deny then there should be a jury in next trial etc so much thing . 
  so shortly our attorney attented to next trial than we had to leave the country because our visa expired . 
  i came to my home country and than lost the touch with my attorney and honestly did n't much care because i was not planning to live in usa and did n't have any idea that my wife will be us citizen , i was young and irresponsible . 
  now i check my status in alaskan court system website and it says case is closed . 
  i do n't now if i am guilty or not or anything . 
  does this situation block my path to live in usa ? 
  thank you !, 
  i am in uae for one month on mission visa . 
  afaik i can not drive car in dubai or rent a car with my turkish driving license . 
  what should i do ? 
  i cant also get a uae driving license since i am not on residency . 
  turkey is in this catagory of 26 someting countries that may be switched to uae driving license without any test or anything , you just pay your moneya nd papers and you get it when you have residency . 
  can i do that when i am on mission visa too ? 
  do you know any online dictionary or ios app that shows imperfective verbs with its corresponding perfective form ? 
  i mostly use en.bab.la but it is not always helpful . 
  i am learning polish for a while now . 
  my wife-to-be is polish , so i have so mich reason to learn this language . 
  i have finished duolingo tree ( still keeping the circles golden ) , finished memrise official course ( everyday i am maintaining the difficult words ) . 
  i have a grasp of grammer . 
  however my fiancee has english as her native language also , so i am not practicing speaking that much ( i still have so mich problems with speaking-pronouncation and listening-understanding ) . 
  and for a while i feel like i am stucked at that so called `` intermediate field '' eventhough i do not much see myself enough for intermediate . 
  i ca n't say i am bored with polish , i love to study polish , and i love the language itself .
