actually it is historically accured . 
  before the 1402 of battle of ankara against timurids , those clay was ottoman core . 
  after the defeat of sultan bayezid against timur he had been cuptured and empire almost collapsed . 
  there is 32 years gap between this incident and game 's start date but still it is not that odd that ottos have core on that lands since provinces have turkish culture . 
  if you decided on a rosary , there are rosaries with rose odor that is pretty awesome contains its smell for over 2 years maybe . 
  idk if all this rosaries are with rose odor since it is called ros-ary , i am not a believer and did n't grow up on a christian country either , but my polish gf had said me that is spacial to poland . 
  you can find it anywhere on krakow . 
  they have even the pic of jana pawla on its cover . 
  possibly rebels is the first . 
  idk why but it happens sometimes . 
  i have never seen a total rebel population more than 700k myself but i saw around 300k . 
  i guess it counts all the active rebel forces on the map in the very current time . 
  \u0130f i am not wrong , that means at the end of the game there were more rebel troops on the map than your army size . 
  1 ) you shall try audio set of polish of michel thomas . 
  basicly it teaches grammer based but still you can catch the pronounces of the words . 
  \u0130 assure it is so helpful . 
  2 ) my native language is turkish and learning polish because my wife is polish . 
  even i do n't find it so hard in theory to pronounce because it has rules . 
  i do n't mean it is n't hard , for example i can never pronounce przsz - because of my mouth habit from turkish roots . 
  but i do n't care . 
  i know how should it be pronounced by the rules but i will never be able to pronounce it as a polish does . 
  maybe this pdf help in theory but you know , it is all about practice :, 
  thank you for you answer , clears for me much , 
  in turkey , construction jobs are roughly divided to two catagory ; site and office . 
  on site engineer should control and manage the ongoing construction and deal with workers . 
  well workers are 100 % only turkish and turkish speakers due to lack of education of course . 
  site jobs pays more , but consumes you more as well . 
  working hours may extend to 15 hours depends on job . 
  on the other hand office jobs are easier , less working hours etc. 
  but pays less . 
  you should know some basic cads such sap2000 , autocad , primavera etc. 
  as i said , they pay less but job is more comfortable . 
  me myself , i love site more than office jobs because it satisfies me more professionally . 
  so , how are things in poland ? 
  i am ok with hard working conditions , i do n't much complain because i love it . 
  but i guess it would be a problem for me to work with non-english speaker polish site workers till i learn polish well , right ? 
  should it be better for me to work on office , design procedures ? 
  in turkish `` anne ( un-neh ) '' means mother and `` baba '' means father . 
  so grandma ( mom 's mom ) is `` anneanne '' and grandma ( dad 's mom ) is `` babaanne '' . 
  you shall not call your babaanne as anneanne because it is sounding pretty weird . 
  although there is a shared name for both annneanne and babaanne ; `` nine ( nee-neh ) '' , it is kinda an old-fashioned or rural saying . 
  that post reminded me that . 
  i am planning so as soon as i move . 
  but would that solve the issues ? 
  would eit be an enough proof for my engineering abilities and ease my disadventages ( being foreigner , non usa experience and age ) ? 
  ansys cfx , but i am pretty sure it is so expensive for such a one time basic presentation . 
  still it is an awesome program for that purpose . 
  should we repay the debts to germoney now ? 
  are we broke ? 
  should we start to dance syrtaki ? 
  make it 3 tsipras and rights to the baklava . 
  fair deal imho . . 
  what does cimt stands for ? 
  well first , you are not ignorant , you are student . 
  amount of rebar is totally about the calculations . 
  depends on loading , loading condition , minimum requirements of the code you use etc. 
  the structure looks pretty simple and short so i do not think it will be so hard to find the loads and do the calculation that you supposed to learn during reinforced concerete classes . 
  basicly shear walls are the members of the structure that deal with lateral loads such earthquake loads . 
  since momnet of inertia of a shear wall is much more greater than classic column , it increasesthe rigidity of the structure . 
  general approach of shear wall in my country is , if a colums width is at least 7 times of its depth , than it is a shear wall . 
  possibly same approach in lots of countries . 
  shear wall `` generally '' consist two parts . 
  hidden columns and web . 
  two hidden column are placed at the beginning and end of shear wall and between those columns there lays a web consist of longitudinal rebars and lateral stirrups . 
  the stirrups on web goes along all the width of the whole shear wall including the two hidden columns in shear wall . 
  ( edit : lateral bars do not have to be stirrups always . 
  they may also be just bars goes horizontally all along the one edge of the sw from first hidden column to end of the second hidden column ) . 
  and there are also spreaded half stirrups ( idk their exact names in english ) vertical to longer axis parallel to shorter axis of sw . 
  tips ;, 
  1 ) always try to place shear walls as much as you can on the outer edges and corners of the structure . 
  not always possible due to architectural issues but as i say , if you can put them on the outher edges of the structure . 
  also try to have symmetry as much as you can . 
  if there is a sw on the top left corner of the structure , try to have one in the bottom right corner too . 
  2 ) create a x-y coordinate on your structure on mind and try to place sws on bot axis ' . 
  do n't put them all in the same direction . 
  i mean not like _ _ _ _ but _ i _ i. earthquake may hit from any direction . 
  if your structure is more rectangular , be sure to lay the longer edges of the sws more on the weaker direction as much as you can . 
  but do n't forget those are general approaches at the first glance , it must be all shaped and supported with real calculations . 
  3 ) if there is stairs or elevator voids , it can be a good choise to place sws around that void . 
  there wo n't be much architectural issues because there wo n't be any need to voids such windows and doors . 
  4 ) side note , in my country , high-rise buildings are generally choosing the core shear wall system . 
  they place a thick and really strong shear wall system in the middle of the structure and spread with columns around this core shear wall . 
  layout of rebars of sw is all same throughout the structure . 
  what may change is the dimensions of the sw and spacing and amount of rebars and stirrups . 
  depends where do you go in turkey . 
  if you are not going to istanbul or ankara , than yes it is safe . 
  and t depends on where you go in istanbul or ankara . . 
  if you dont go to sultanahmet/taksim or k\u0131z\u0131lay , than yes it is safe . 
  and it depends on your luck either , it is not like bombs are exploding everyday in turkey . 
  unfortunately even one bombing is enough terrible , only one casuality is the end of the world for the family of those and for the victim itself . 
  but every year 6 million tourists comes to ony istanbul , and if i recall right unfortunately we have lost around 15 tourist brothers/sisters because of that isis bombings . 
  so your chance to be caught to some isis freak bombing is like 15/6000000 = 0,00025 % . 
  yea i wish bombing chance was excatly 0 percent . 
  but even france or belgium could n't stop that radical motherfuckers . 
  i would prefer him over hillary . 
  reasons ;, 
  i am not american neither living in the usa . 
  so i do not care how will he govern the internal things in the usa . 
  the thing is elections in turkey affects an regular american basicly ' 0 ' but american elections affect a regular turkish some . 
  because of foreign policy of the usa .
