less prosperous than ukraine , moldovia or belarus ? 
  i only have data for 2011 , but it is probably missing 2 russian ports , port of novorossisk and port of primorsk , maybe even the port of petersburg . 
  not europe , eu28 . 
  you do realize that wargames happen all the time ? 
  russia has been doing this kind of wargames with increased intensity to have their armed forces preprared for a military conflict and to avoid what happened during the 2008 georgia war , in which the russians found a lot flaws in their doctrines and organization . 
  it 's that simple , they 're not going to invade europe tomorrow , you 're being paranoid . 
  this is not a list of who has the best education system in the world , this is list of the contries with the biggest proportion of population with tertiary education , it 's that simple . 
  russia has the lowest spending in education of the list and its share is highly inflated by older people who lived during the ussr . 
  no need to call russia a shithole . 
  we get it , you hate russia . 
   can you give some examples of how nato has been aggressive towards russia ? 
  the massive expansion of nato after the fall of the ussr and their attempts over the past to lure countries like ukraine or georgia to the alliance . 
  that alone is not very agressive , but when you add the missile defense system into the equation , it sounds a bit agressive . 
   this is one of the biggest problems in russia i believe , conspiracy theories run rampant ( this is one example ) [ 1 ] and most people believe in `` different versions of the truth '' . 
  a number of rt journalists have resigned due this exact reason . 
  i agree  however , nato is needed , and it heavily contributes to the continued stability of central europe . 
  see the hundreds of years of war between each other before ww2 and the formation of nato . 
  europe is finally ( mostly ) united . 
  i have to disagree with you on this . 
  the main cause for peace and stability in central europe has been due to the eu , not nato . 
  during the cold war it was different story , but today the eu unites all the countries with economical , social and political integration . 
   iirc high level us officials said they did not want ukraine to join nato when yanukovich was in power due to their russias percieved `` sphere of influence '' . 
  i cant find the source for this though atm . 
  ukraine wanted to join but eventually yanukovich changed his mind and went with a partnership instead . 
  it 's not surprising if those us officials said that , though . 
   if you are referring to the involvement of us officials ... if you are referring to ngos the eu funds ... 
  the involvment of us officials , yeah i think it was john kerry , showed and made the russians think ( justifiably ) that the americans were directly involved in the protests and that was seen as agression . 
  about the ngos and eu funds , i know what they do and what 's their objective , but there can be no denying that they are used as political tools . 
  the media does n't help either ( both sides ) . 
  there should be a referedum , i do n't disagree with that . 
  but yes , denying that right to the supporters of the independence will only increase their desire to be independent . 
  but will there be a referendum ? 
  not without madrid 's approval . 
  it will be interesting to see how this develops . 
   putin destabilizes ukraine and then gets mad at nato and yet another simplistic comment gets to the top . 
  nato has been very agressive towards russia since the fall of the ussr , but only recently has russia been able to counter it . 
  admitadly , the russians are very paranoid and the the thought that ukraine could somehow join nato after the maidan protest triggered the ( exageratted ) response . 
  nato has been trying to justify its existence by going into pointless conflicts like libya , but this was jackpot , they can rally other european countries to counter the russian response , thus justifying the need to have a `` nato '' . 
  also , there was external involvement in the maidan protests which can not be ignored . 
   `` how many professionals moved within ~ ~ europe ~ ~ the european union in the last ten years ? '', 
  ftfy , is that so hard ? 
  in the case of portugal , old people . 
   communism is a horrible system , that should n't be implemented anywhere that 's your opinion ... there never were communist states , only socialist opressive dictatorships . 
  i still have plently of years ahead of me so i do n't have to worry about it too much . 
  look at 2012 and 2013 though ... it 's improving a lot , and that 's a thing that many european countries ca n't really change . 
  i certainly believe you , but unfortunetaly it is those corrupt people in power doing the big decisions , and they do n't want to emulate it . 
   and a leadership that knows how the west works and wants to emulate it . 
  do people really believe this ? 
  i 'd also like to add : [ mafra palace ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_o0ajgbd0060/tbvxvr3ao-i/aaaaaaaaavw/udnn8oxlu-q/s1600/_mg_1098.jpg ), 
  our future is looking really bad ... 
  itt : people who believe piontkvsky , even though he does n't know what hell people are thinking in the kremlin , let alone their strategies . 
  / r/europe / in a nutshell . 
  yay i live there too , 
  i know this sub 's main focus is politics and international relations in europe , but i found this very interesting and i had to share it . 
   russia has n't changed , ... russia did change under putin , it went from a country who could n't respond to anything happening around its borders under yeltsin to a country who can ... and the budget is much , much higher and their military is undergoing reforms and modernization . 
  saying russia has n't changed is quite wrong . 
  we used to have a ton , but they were all closed in the early 2000s for some reason . 
   they 're going to need some really cast-iron evidence of russia supplying the buk missiles even if they did ( which is likely ) , would russia be directly responsible for the accident ? 
  nope , turns out it was all lies . 
  but nobody will give a shit about that . 
  edti : some people are even downvoting the article ... 
   why they decided this plane should be attacked will probably never be known . 
  it 's not far fetched to believe that the rebels thought that that was a military plane . 
  in the same article `` pro-russia rebels claimed responsibility for strikes on two ukrainian sukhoi-25 jets '' ... 
   last time we waited for the proof was in crimea of the identity of little green men . 
  now after it is too late we know that they are russian army . 
  that was a different situation , everyone knew those were part of the armed forces of russia . 
  the rebels have the ability to shoot down planes , so they are the most likely responsible . 
  russia shooting down a civilian plane is just so stupid and unlikely . 
  the rebels probably did it , they have been shooting down planes for the past days . 
   that is unforgivable . 
  either the world punishes them so badly that they will get rid of the regime or we might face in decade or two a new fascist threat appearing against whole world . 
  you 're very russophobic ... 
  i wonder if you 'd say the same about the us or nato ... edit : downvote me all you want , it seems like people in this sub are very big hypocrites when it comes to hating russia . 
   what this really shows is how deeply the russian state is waging war in ukraine . 
  after this there is no denying of the fact . 
  not to mention they have blatant disregard of human life !!!, 
  this is an attack against the whole global society !!!, 
  i understand you 're very enraged by the situation , but i 'd wait for proof to come out that the armed forces of russia did this before making such allegations . 
  also , this is a pretty bad situation , but to say that is `` an attack against the whole global society '' is quite an overstatement . 
  calm down . 
  but the real question is ... why the hell was a civilian airplane flying over a war zone ? 
  that area is shut down for civilian traffic , i 'm guessing the malasyan airlines did n't give a shit . 
  both points are valid . 
  i 'll just say what i said to another user : russia 's wars are nothing more than a protection of their interests , like pretty much every country does , nothing about fullfiling their identity or justifying their existence . 
  in the case of ukraine , wether you consider it a war or not , russia 's is just protecting its main interest in the region , the naval base . 
  if you think i 'm wrong tell me why , but before you do , let me just say that i 'm not here to defend anyone , i just find his statement quite untrue . 
  it 's hardly like that . 
  russia 's wars are nothing more than a protection of their interests , like pretty much every country does , nothing about fullfiling their identity or justifying their existence . 
  if you think i 'm wrong tell me why . 
   until they start wars with others to justify their existence . 
  how does this relate to russia ? 
  happens all the time . 
  portugal has the lowest birth-rate ? 
  shit , just 2 decades ago we had the highest birth-rate . 
   how is russia not considered a terrorist state now ? 
  by that logic the united states should be considered a terrorrst state too . 
  do n't be an hypocrite . 
   something like national mentality does n't exist culture does , and it varies from coutry to country , therefore national mentaility exists . 
  being a `` sucessor state '' is related to the international treaties .
