  for all intentes and purposes , ussr was russia , the russian empire was russia , the russian federation is russia . 
  the only one which i believe is arguable is the ussr , but not the other ones . 
  / r/worldnews / full of russian propaganda ? 
  what ? 
  in every article about russia 90 % of the coments are about how there are putinbots everywhere blabla , not saying that there is not the ocasional one , but every comment which tries to stay neutral is quickly dismissed as propaganda , that sub is a joke . 
  but no , ` murica and `` let 's bring them freedom '' kind of comments are allowed . 
  worldnews is a shithole , but not because of the reason you listed , it 's because the comments are awful by almost everyone , there are few articles where most of the comments are actually good, 
  except they have been doing this since , like , forever . 
  it 's only now that people are paying attention to it due to the situation in ukraine . 
  ah , i meant ecb - european central bank , bce is how you say it in portuguese , i 'll correct it . 
  the governments could accumulate massive debts again . 
  the author proproses that in order for this plan to happen , conditions must be estabilished , like more fiscal discipline ( read the 3rd paragraph counting from the end ), 
  basically , the ecb would buy a part of the debt of the countries in dificulty ( like portugal ) and those countries would pay their debts by using the profits that they usually get from the ecb . 
  it would solve the debt problem pretty quickly . 
  since when does nato care about enviromental issues ? 
   arguably , the most evil empire to ever exist . 
  not sure if you are serious ... 
   china made a much better/cheaper deal with russia no it has n't . 
  china has the price set to the average of europe . 
  there are no numbers proving it . 
  just search on google . 
  it 's pretty common knowledge . 
  it 's not an opinion , it 's a fact . 
  a great deal of the portuguese people ( like me ) can understand a decent amount of spanish without having learned it , while the reverse does n't happen . 
  we ca n't speak spanish , but we can understand a lot of it ( unless you 're talking too fast ) . 
  i think he 's talking about the fact that a spanish person should n't even have to learn portuguese to understand some of it . 
  the portuguese can understand most of spanish without learning it . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're being a bit ridiculous . 
  you dismiss a plan ackowledged by historians and with proof that it is real and you call it propaganda ? 
  also , some of the nazis ( like himmler ) were pretty nuts , not sure why you are dismissing it . 
  not sure if you 're joking ... 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost , most of the slavic population , not everyone . 
  and look at specifically at this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost#phases_of_the_plan_and_its_implementation edit : the baltic states would 've suffered even more :  whatever happened , lithuania , latvia and estonia were to be deprived of their statehood , while their territories were to be included in the eastern area of german settlement . 
  this meant that latvia and especially lithuania would be covered by the deportation plans , though in a somewhat milder form than the slav - `` voluntary '' emigration to western siberia . 
  while the baltic nations like estonians would be spared from repressions and physical liquidation that jews or poles were experiencing , in the long term the nazi planners did not foresee their existence as independent entitites and they would be deported as well , with eventual denationalisation ; initial designs were for latvia , lithuania and estonia to be germanized within 25 years , however heinrich himmler revised them to 20 years . 
  not to mention that they would have 50 % of the population exterminated ( estonia and latvia ) and 85 % ( lithuania ), 
   from the 27million russians deaths , the majority were caused by the soviet union itself . 
  source ? 
  i 'm guessing you never heard that 85-90 % of german casualties were caused by the russians . 
  i 'm guessing you never heard about hitler 's plans to exterminate the slavic populations . 
  like it or not , nazi germany 's domination would 've been extremely worse to the world . 
  and also , do n't pretend like some countries like hungary or romania were good and all , since they did collaborate with the nazis 's plans to exterminate the populations . 
  they 're not delusional , 27 million russians died , most of them civilians . 
  do you understand the trauma that that caused in the population ? 
  also , there are many things that could be said about the terrible acts commited by the ussr , and yes , they did bully the baltic states and poland , but the thing is , propaganda or not , they are heroes . 
  hopefully ? 
  we have the massive crisis that we have in southern europe yet you want more places in crisis ? 
  i really like russian for some reason . 
  italian and english ( with a british accent ) are great too . 
  what if you 're not a `` propaganda zombie '' ? 
  what if you 're just presenting your opinion about a subject without hating on anyone ? 
  you 'll just be downvoted to oblivion because that 's not the view that people want to read about . 
  your post is funny . 
  people who disagree with you are irrational ? 
  please ... 
  wtf portugal , i though we were peaceful . 
  you are correct . 
  victoria 2 , euiv , ck2 , darkest hour and hearts of iron , etc. 
  i assume you do too . 
  me too . 
  playing tons of strategy games has really helped me getting this score . 
  we 're not strong in the sense that we have a very small albeit capable army , but not the strongest . 
  in a case of a war , being that we are part of nato , i think we would send some expeditionary forces like we did to france in wwi if the war did not seem lost ( of course ) . 
  i do n't think we would remain neutral like in wwii because we were a dictatorship and very isolationist back then . 
  in short , we 'd probably help you , like most western nations would . 
  russia is probably better prepared now than it was in 2008 vs georgia , you can see that just by the amount of training drills that they have every year , schedualed or not . 
  it 's better prepared than most european nations , not that it 's very hard to accomplish that . 
   the late jurassic of portugal must have been a quite terrifying place to live , no matter which species you happened to belong to . 
  no less than four super-predator theropods are now known to have lived alongside each other there : allosaurus , ceratosaurus , lourinhanosaurus , and now torvosaurus gurneyi . 
  til, 
  ironically , the soviet leaders responsible for sending troops to hungary and the czech republic were both ukrainian . 
   the lisbon agenda managed , then , to increase europe 's overall rate of employment , but it did so by expanding two particular types of work : low-wage , temporary and part-time and ** highly-paid , financial . 
  ** really ? 
  why would there be a necessity to expand on that type of employment ? 
  i think he was being sarcastic , though i ca n't say for sure . 
  you 're right , regardless . 
  this comment though  davidmaley 1 hour ago  this will be as accurate as last weeks time article russia will not interfere in ukraine, 
  well , at least i can be proud that the biggest growth in innovation in the eu happened in portugal . 
  still below the average though . 
  no he 's not . 
  he 's trying set up a sphere of influece in order to `` protect '' russia . 
  it 's not an attempt to revive the ussr . 
  russia is better equipped , that 's not even arguable . 
  i love you both for that reference . 
  very interesting article . 
  ukraine 's future is looking very grim at the moment . 
  not really ... you should search about the `` myth of russian manpower '' , which is exactly what you said . 
  the only cases of that happening were probably the winter war and ww2 , which happened at roughly the same time . 
  they 've won plenty of wars without having ten times the firepower of the enemy to win and being outnumbered . 
  the transfer of crimea to the ukrainian ussr was illegal ( i just found that , doing research )  the presidium of the supreme council gathered for a session on february 19 , 1954 - only 13 of 27 members were present . 
  there was no quorum , but the decision was adopted unanimously . 
   the supreme council of russia ruled in 1992 that the crimean region had been delivered to ukraine illegitimately . 
  the rules also said that in the case of the dissolution of the ussr , crimea would be handled back to russia . 
  that rule was broken , so that might happen again , but in reverse . 
  that ending , wow , they really love russia . 
  ah , i see , thanks , i should 've watched all of it . 
  well he said that germany should be ready to deploy troops if necessary . 
  idk what exactly does that mean . 
  what kind of situations is he talking about ? 
  resorting to military force ?
