i can only answer the last question as a greek , but personally i do n't have an inherent problem with people from skopje , but i take issue when they seem to spitefully refer to themselves as macedonians . 
  my family and myself are from thessaloniki and consider ourselves to be actual macedonians . 
  the tension is a bit higher , but overall as long as they do n't throw it in my face i do n't have a problem, 
  big heads . 
  and very stupid . 
  we have a ton of `` yurika and costika '' jokes that are hilarious . 
  basically , the jokes are that they do n't understand modern society at all . 
  i still find them funny and i 'm half pontian . 
  haha yep !, 
  sounds about right . 
  have i mentioned that thessaloniki is probably the most beautiful city in greece and not far from chalkidiki which has some of the most comfortable and breathtaking beaches in the world ? 
  it 's all very regional here in greece . 
  everyone tends to shit on athens cause it 's the big city . 
  i 'm from the north and we call athenians '' \u03c6\u03bb\u03c9\u03c1\u03bf\u03b9 '' which basically means `` sissy '' or `` feminine . '', 
  other than that , we make fun of people from kalamata because they have absurd accents that no one can understand , and there 's some jokes about people from zakynthos being crazy/insane . 
  people from my city pronounce `` l `` s really weirdly but that 's about it . 
  as a greek man , i can proudly say that i 've never performed or received anal sex . 
  i do n't know if this means that i 'm a good or bad hellene , but whatever , i 'm happy . 
  in greek , our equivalent translates to `` the devil 's mother 's house . '', 
  not sexual at all , but interesting nonetheless i suppose, 
  really can not believe that 6 hours later there is n't a single post about our little country . 
  there 's so much to be proud of ( also quite a bit to be a bit embarrassed of ) . 
  first , there 's the whole democracy thing and the development of one of the strongest ancient empires . 
  we were so good that the romans basically took everything we did and gave it different names and claimed it for themselves ( only partly kidding ) . 
  it 's always complicated looking at the byzantine empire , because i think it 's a stretch to try and attribute it to any one country today , however the greek influence there is very strong . 
  the academic and theological advancements in that time period were mostly developed by greek scholars in the byzantine empire . 
  that 's something to be proud of i think . 
  our fight for independence against the ottomans is one of the most important national moments in our history . 
  after being oppressed for 400 years , rising up for our religious and political freedom is something to be very proud of , even if it was with considerable help from western europe . 
  this i think leads conveniently to my next point . 
  it has been theorized ( correctly or not , you choose ) that greece was one of the main saviors for the allies in wwii . 
  essentially , the italians , without telling the third reich , decided to invade greece after metaxa refused an italian ultimatum . 
  the greeks counterattacked and moved into albania forcing the italians to retreat . 
  it was the first allied victory on the continent . 
  the germans had to come to the italians aid in order to put down the greek resistance , which forced them to postpone their invasion of soviet russia , pushing it later into the year and closer to the winter ... and we all know what happened to germany in the russian winter . 
  obviously today we have less to be proud of with the current economic crisis and what we may or may not have done to bring it about . 
  i have my own views on the matter , but that is n't what this thread is about . 
  as a greek , a proud greek at that , i am ashamed of the golden dawn movement and what it stands for . 
  however , contrary to what people who have no understanding of the situation believe , they are * far * from the majority . 
  we have a saying in greece , `` the dumbest voice is usually the loudest . '', 
  i think that 's suitable here . 
  i will say that i am proud of how our society has not unraveled yet , even in the face of economic destruction . 
  there is a lot of blame being thrown around , both from and at us . 
  but we will be strong , as we always were . 
  also , according to soccernomics , you guys are the most football-crazy nation in the world . 
  so there 's that . 
  i agree ... but it 's so difficult for me to like you ... if it 's any consolation i really really enjoy the way you play football , 
  ca n't tell if we 're last because we 're not wasteful or because we really really enjoy our food ... 
  are you the same mitso as [ cafe mitsos ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mq4r9o3ydna ), 
  i think you missed the joke, 
  one of my guilty pleasure subreddits . 
  i read this and cackled . 
  like some kind of european sorceror . 
  i 'm ok with it . 
  i kind of agree , but many educated europeans ( except in the uk ) are fluent in at least two languages . 
  in greece , for instance , most students must be fluent in english and one other language ( usually french or german ) . 
  almost all of my friends who finished school in greece are trilingual . 
  i actually wrote a paper on this topic in my first year at university . 
  well more specifically i wrote about bilingual first language learners , or children who learned two languages at the same time . 
  it has been shown that these children are usually more socially adjusted than their monolingual counterparts and have fewer cases of dementia and memory loss later their lives . 
  it 's pretty interesting . 
  i also read a lot of really stupid counterarguments about why children should n't learn two languages . 
  for instance , that they would have trouble learning because they would somehow switch the languages in their heads and not understand one . 
  just nonsense . 
  i blame the fact that we were pushed into the eu , as a result of globalization and global trends towards unified economy . 
  greece , specifically the greek government , was forced into something they did n't need by other , more powerful and wealthier , governing bodies around europe . 
  if we did n't join the eu we would have been fucked from a trade perspective , but the greek economy was n't prepared for the influx of cash and loan opportunities that came with joining the eu . 
  the tax evasion of the recent years was a defense mechanism , a despicable one no doubt , as a result of the credit bubble ( similar to that of america 's ) and the tax collectors were privy to it . 
  despite that fact , it was the actions of 10 % , 20 % at most , who took part in this . 
  hardly the whole nation . 
  so explain to me again why i , a tax paying greek , should be held accountable for the actions of the government and a small percentage of the nation ? 
  see i would argue that it was n't all our fault , but i wo n't because you would n't understand . 
  what exactly ? 
  our national pride being hurt ? 
  i would n't throw stones in the american glass house , sir . 
  oof right in the national pride, 
  i think all of you mean gyro, 
  i think that fyrom is actually more acceptable than macedonia ... 
  this is despicable . 
  hey pal, 
  ah ... yes of course, 
  aaaaaaaaand greece does n't belong, 
  what bothers me with this is that latvia , estonia , and lithuana ca n't be northern if poland is eastern . 
  it seems hypocritical . 
  i sadly agree . 
  we are much too different from the british to be lumped in with them . 
  i have to ask . 
  what was the greek face supposed to signify . 
  i could n't exactly figure it out . 
  only greeks can see it ... 
  i would say that i personally chortled . 
  that 's the word i 'd use . 
  but yes , quite good . 
  [ this seems right ] ( http://alphadesigner.com/wp-content/uploads/europe-according-to-greece-716x477.jpg ), 
  see the fact that your metal healthcare argument even exists is the problem . 
  the issue is that the criminal justice system is the only place for severely mentally ill people . 
  if we had effective community based mental ( and physical but that 's another matter ) healthcare institutions , it would be a huge step in the right direction . 
  people ask how we would pay for this . 
  we spend hundreds of millions of dollars on a defense budget that frankly is incredibly wasteful .
