  furthermore , is state and local government pitched in , i have no doubts that the money could be found . 
  but no one is actually willing to do what is best . 
  plain and simple . 
  we are a friendly people, 
  to continue ( stupid iphone ) we feel that kind of connection with many mediterranean countries as we are all very similar . 
  within greece , however , there are a lot of different `` nationalities '' that have their own personas and different alliegances . 
  the macedonians of northern greece ( myself included ) see themselves as different from the rest of greece and feel a close connection with the turks . 
  thessaloniki my hometown is very influenced by turkish culture and tradition and many of my turkish friends feel right at home in my city . 
  cretans consider themselves to be a separate nation in many respects and the running joke is that they think they are better than everyone else . 
  pretty much every region of greece has a very unique identity that clashes with some other identity . 
  i would imagine this is similar to italy and germany . 
  i think the greek international identity is an interesting one . 
  we 've had a few cypriots post and i think in essence , yes we are `` brothers '' although i think most greeks basically consider greek cypriots just to be greeks , they just live a bit further away . 
  there 's a connection w the italians , we have a saying that goes `` una fatsa una ratsa, 
  i see what you 're saying . 
  and on an individual level i agree completely agree , i 'm a greek living and studying abroad myself . 
  however , how can the country survive if our youngest and brightest simply leave ? 
  it 's as unsustainable as our mountain of debt . 
  it 's a hopeless situation that i frankly do n't have an answer for . 
  there is a massive brain drain currently taking place in greece . 
  but this is hardly a solution . 
  do you understand how terrible it is to say : `` well this is a fucked situation that had nothing to do with you , but hey you can always leave your homeland and find work elsewhere . '', 
  is this the message ? 
  i just feel like people are so needlessly apathetic when it comes to the greek situation , seemingly unable to put themselves in our shoes . 
  i have always been pro-europe and `` yes '' but i get very upset when i see this kind of lack of basic decency and sympathy . 
  it 's clear that nothing would get done with varoufakis still involved . 
  europe wanted him gone and in order to make a deal happen they 're asking him to leave . 
  i find it remarkable that it 's happened so quickly , call it a show of good faith from tsipra , but in the end it shows me quite a bit of uncertainty on the part of syriza . 
  there are n't many moves he has left and this one is a wildcard . 
  wow this is probably the most apt comment i 've read on this post thus far . 
  i think that a lot of people do n't understand just how terrible it will be simply because we can no longer stay in the eu if we vote no . 
  the consequences of that decision are much more than just returning to the drachma ... 
  they include european citizenship , travel and work visas , and foreign capital investment which could ruin greece, 
  please please * please * rethink your position with regard to the referendum . 
  if we vote no and decide to leave the eurozone , it will have greater consequences than we are even aware of . 
  first off , let 's be clear about something : this includes leaving the european union with regard to trade benefits , european citizenship , and international travel and work visas . 
  syriza has not been forthcoming with that information . 
  greeks living abroad , like myself , would be forced to leave and return to greece in order to set up new work visas . 
  also , as i 'm sure you 're aware , if we do not have access to the e.u. 
  trade agreements and benefits that come with eu membership , our economy will not even have the tools to recover by itself because we are an import based economy that relies on a strong international trade system . 
  this is not just about the euro as currency , this is about greece 's place in europe for the future . 
  think about this . 
  we will become similar in international status to albania ( probably worse ) and it will be nearly impossible to recover without accruing even more debt and leaving ourselves vulnerable to foreign capital that we can not buffer with european investment standards . 
  if you care about your children 's future ( which we all do ) think about how much more difficult their lives will be without any connection to europe and none of those benefits . 
  this is not correct . 
  the greek people have not benefited from the loaned money that has caused this deep debt crisis . 
  almost all of this loaned capital has just been run through the system and then given back to the european creditors immediately to pay off that original debt . 
  obviously this is an oversimplification , but the reality is that very little of the `` financial aid '' that greece has been receiving has had any real change on the ground or in the lives of the common citizen . 
  this is in fact the main issue at play here because syriza want to promote a new style of aid measures that are actually pointed to reform rather than tax austerity measures that have n't worked and have only suffocated the greek people . 
  they are not going about it the right way , but that is the main goal . 
  i hope everyone realizes that this is n't an economic or political argument being made in this video . 
  it 's meant to be a look into the mentality of the greek youth and maybe humanize the people a bit who have been ( even in this very thread ) demonized and criticized by the rest of europe . 
  do n't turn this into an economic conversation , it 's a social one , and a very very relevant one at that . 
  for those of you who have not understood what austerity has meant for greece , and the youth in particular , watch this video again and understand how beautiful it is to be optimistic and convey a message of hope among all the pain and despair . 
  studying abroad , yeah . 
  i take a lot of pride in my written english haha, 
  it seems like tsipra is confused ( or just acting confused ) about the particular measures of the eurogroup agreement , causing him to hesitate to outline his reforms . 
  also , apparently he believes varoufaki already sent a list of reforms that were met positively , and could kick off the next round , but maybe not . 
  it 's all a lot of doublespeak ... 
  this is n't actually correct and harmfully misleading to those who misunderstand what the data market is like in europe and greece in particular . 
  you said that elstat has reported false ( or at least fabricated ) data in order to somehow shield their economic situation and that this is somehow a government ploy . 
  first off , take a moment and search a program called the sdmx ( statistical data and metadata exchange ) which was created by eurostat to ensure standardization of data definitions , methodologies , and data sharing practices in order to make political , economic , and social data easily comparable across and between nations . 
  second , i would like you to look at the mission statement of any national statistics institute in europe ( or indeed the world ) and you will find that all of these organizations are necessarily independent from government tampering in order to mitigate political bias in their statistics . 
  the minister of statistics in greece was accused of falsifying data 4 years ago and not only were those claims found false , but the accuser was then indicted on a frivolous suit . 
  the `` white holes '' you mention are actually not elstat 's fault at all . 
  ironically , due to external policy implemented by eurostat , particularly the implementation of the sdmx , elstat has been unable to keep up with these rapidly changing trends due to infrastructural inefficiencies that had been overlooked by eurostat in their analysis of the data market when looking to implement these practices . 
  it is disingenuous to claim that the greek government or elstat are somehow intentionally falsifying data . 
  this is nearly impossible to do in today 's data market with all of the secondary checks and balances that exist in the system . 
  tl ; dr - elstat 's statistical inefficiencies are a function of short-sighted policy decisions from the center that handcuffed their computing and processing abilities . 
  these are not intentional as the above commenter suggests . 
  also if you are wondering why i know this , i 'm writing my dissertation on eurostat 's policies with specific focus on greece 's elstat and germany 's destatis, 
  yes !, 
  thank you for explaining why this stat is even talked about . 
  it 's to combat the pervasive theory that greeks are lazy , and they only work half days and spend the rest of it smoking cigarettes and drinking frappe . 
  it 's insulting and flat-out false . 
  we do those things * while * we work !, 
  wow . 
  impressive, 
  interesting . 
  a good friend of mine , a secular turk from istanbul , supports the kurdish party because he opposes erdogan . 
  he is not kurdish , but i tried to extrapolate out . 
  you know better than i, 
  i do n't think that kurds support erdogan at all . 
  i 'm actually pretty positive they do n't . 
  they pretty obviously support the kurdish hdp party , especially given how erdogan 's position on kurdish rights has changed in recent years . 
  i ca n't speak to the honor killing part of your comment , but in recent years kurds have not been supporting erdogan at all . 
  see more [ here ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/10/turkey-isis-russia-pkk/408988/ ), 
  i think the point is that they did n't respect the moment of silence . 
  it does n't really matter what they were saying . 
  unbelievable . 
  it seems like the targets have no rhyme or reason . 
  it will be interesting to see how the media around the world responds . 
  this situation is getting stickier and stickier every day . 
  thank you !, 
  i was dumbfounded when i saw this type of map without any reference to what the graphic is based on or where the data was coming from . 
  it 's a pretty big oversight . 
  oh god all the blood just rushed to my head when i read that ... fucking assholes extra offensive if you 're from thessaloniki like me, 
  that 's a bingo !, 
  i can also go to work and slap my manager in the face , does n't mean it 's going to happen . 
  i 'll take : things i did n't expect to hear today for $ 500 , trebek .
