  well , social effect are equal with the ww outcomes . 
  how is your cavern bro ? 
  damn this pre-crisis time where we had no data . 
  well way less than the us ( even before trump ) . 
  but i guess they 're commies over there . 
  positive : best democracy , good chocolate , alpine dishes as it should , good education etc. 
  negative : help the richs to make their country poorer , getting vast part of their wealth through that and think they can then give lessons . 
  also i 'm not a fan of hypercivism . 
  ( sorry for being negative , i love the swiss , but all comments are positive , so i thought it would be appropriate ), 
  at this point , if i was tsipras i had defaulted since a while now . 
  mass migration in the netherlands . 
  only solution : gederland independant !, 
  we should stop to personalize the eu . 
  what are we even talking about ? 
  which european project ? 
  if it 's a way for schauble to gain support for his vision , well ... 
  maybe but macron voters are ( i have no data but trust me ) pretty sure not to vote for her . 
   im having trouble translating what you wrote . 
  english isnt my first language . 
  im trying though my english is quite broken too , it surely does n't help communication . 
   are you saying that im stealing your jobs ? 
  because ... you know im not `` germany '' , im just a dude who tries to make a living here . 
  i never stole anyones job . 
  i didnt sign any trade deals with other nations either . 
  so ... i dont really know . 
  i bet i understood you wrong here . 
  i 'm not saying you personally did . 
  but the main reason germany has a very low rate of unemployment is competitivity through social dumping . 
  if the price of a product go down in germany , the buyer will no longer buy the italian product but the german one . 
  the german company will hire and the italian one fire . 
   uhm . 
  yeah . 
  dont really know what youre saying here , im sorry . 
  are you saying the eu wants me to get paid more ? 
  if so , why dont they tell me ? 
  what are they doing to ensure a wage rising greater or equal to inflation ? 
  please tell me . 
  the eu wants nothing . 
  the main decisions in the eu are discussed between head of the states or all the ministers of x about the issue related to x. 
  one of the pervert effect is that they behave like a permanent peace treaty negotiators . 
  so there is no `` eu want that '' regarding this . 
  germany is profiting a lot this way , through a always more vital industry and does n't want to change policy . 
  this system is also great if you 're not working and having your revenue with capital ( how much retiree with high share of retirement through capitalisation are voting cdu ? ), 
  the main problems is the attitude of some countries including germany through dumping social and fiscal . 
  germany has done through the agenda 2010 dumping social . 
  basically increased the number of poor workers . 
  i guess you already know that . 
  the effect is that germany became way more competitive : it cost way less to threat your workers like shit . 
  so it fucked all countries who did n't agree that having a large amount of poor workers was a viable project of society , and the industries started to flow to germany ( for this strategy to be really effective it 's better to share currency with the countries you want to fuck , because otherwise they just can devaluate their currency , like italy was doing , and doing pretty great before the euro . 
  furthermore , the strategy of having perpetual exports surplus can only be profitable if you share currency with net importers , and actually , having export surplus forces other countries to have import surplus through the currency exchange rate ) . 
  in this context , for being competitive , other countries had a different strategy : fiscal dumping , having the effect of stealing taxes to the bigger neighbours . 
  countries that did neither fiscal or social dumping started to have always less jobs and reduced tax income . 
  so actually if your reasoning is `` fuck others europe countries , i ca n't even go to visit , why should i care , and fuck the euro and the ue '' , i personally think that you 're being misled . 
  first because if you 're a total jerk and want to continue to steal er jebz you need the current system . 
  second if you 're not because make you to be paid more is one of the main aspect of what could be done about this issue, 
  #the unspoken of the 2015 memorandum at the same time , the final act of the debate with the imf seems to be taking shape . 
  for eighteen months , eurogroup and imf played a game of false pretenses , suggesting that their positions could agree . 
  in reality , the agreement was impossible and the imf 's refusal to join the plan in 2015 was proof of this . 
  the fund had to twist the arm of its own statutes in 2010 and 2012 to enter the financial cavalry invented by brussels , berlin and frankfurt . 
  by 2015 , it was not possible to renew the operation : neither the united states nor the emerging countries no longer accept such a method for the benefit of europeans whose methods have so clearly failed . 
  the fund therefore called for a change in method , through massive cuts in the debt stock and certain targeted reforms in return . 
  a return to the imf 's usual approach , which was reaffirmed last week by the fund . 
  #the trap closes however , these requirements are simply inadmissible for wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , who remains faithful to the doctrine enacted by angela merkel in 2010 : `` not a euro for greece '' . 
  this doctrine could imply loans , but excludes any cut in the debt , which would mean donations . 
  wolfgang sch\u00e4uble never intended to accept such a move . 
  no more today than in august 2013 , when it accepted the memorandum under condition of a future participation of the imf . 
  so the german minister of finance knew exactly what he was doing : the imf 's participation was not , in fact , possible . 
  once this truth is discovered , wolfgang sch\u00e4uble will be able to reopen the question closed in 2015 of greece 's participation in the euro area . 
  for if the imf refuses to participate in the program , the latter will lapse for berlin , one of the conditions of its existence having fallen . 
  without money from the program , greece will then have only two options : or to claim a new `` aid '' to the tss alone , without appeal to the imf and thus definitively excluding the option of a cut in the public debt or an exit of the euro area of greece which will not solve the problem ( except to default ) since the public debt is under international contract and denominated in euros . 
  #the application of the sch\u00e4uble program ? 
  wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , in july 2015 , proposed greece 's exit from the euro zone for `` five years '' . 
  this option was then rejected by angela merkel , but the federal minister of finance did not say his last word . 
  he placed a verse in the memorandum that ended up gnawing at him and that inevitably comes to rest the question . 
  wolfgang sch\u00e4uble is moving ahead with his own european project in line with his famous 1994 project , signed with karl lamers : that of a hard core of the eurozone . 
  in the two cases cited above , this option will come closer : it will be a matter of correcting the current euro zone , either by excluding `` bad students '' or by an even more severe correction with more reforms and more conditions for primary surpluses after 2018 . 
  in both cases , it is also a matter of presenting new unwritten rules to the other euro area countries for the future : adjusting unilaterally or going out . 
  beyond greece , it is therefore the future of the euro zone that is being played out in greece : if wolfgang sch\u00e4uble 's plans are applied , it will be the end of euro-zone dreams , more balanced and more solidarity . 
  #duel with angela merkel when will this trial of truth take place ? 
  one might think that angela merkel has little interest in seeing the greek crisis catch fire again . 
  but if the cdu is in real difficulty , it could try to show its firmness against the `` indolent greeks '' and thus gather around the popularity of wolfgang sch\u00e4uble to bring back to it part of the conservative electorate . 
  under these circumstances , the debate between the chancellor and her minister of finance will be decisive . 
  by 2015 angela merkel had used wolfgang sch\u00e4uble as a `` daddy father '' to help raise the bids . 
  this time , will she master the situation , will she wish to counterbalance her very popular minister ? 
  the future will tell . 
  meanwhile , the imf is aware of the situation and remains cautious not to trigger the crisis . 
  but this prudence can not last forever : the program ends in less than two years . 
  in any case , all the conditions for a new deflagration are met and this seems inevitable . 
  as for alexis tsipras , he can do nothing against this infernal logic of which he is at the same time spectator and victim . 
  he sees the trap closing slowly as the imf moves away from the program . 
  he tries to cling to a ghostly `` political '' strategy , but he knows that his fate and that of the greek people depends only on the goodwill of the eurogroup , that is to say wolfgang sch\u00e4uble . 
  ( not so ) broken google translation : ## the appeal of alexis tsipras to germany not to `` play with fire '' mainly reflects a helplessness against the game of wolfgang sch\u00e4uble who never abandoned his plan for an exclusion of greece from the euro area . 
  alexis tsipras wanted to stand firm this sunday , february 12 before syriza congress by calling the german federal minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble to `` not play with fire '' . 
  but behind these rheumonts of the host of maximou , the hellenic matignon , hides in reality a cry of despair . 
  for the greek prime minister , who since july 2015 tries to obtain the benevolence of creditors sees gradually closing on him a formidable trap , of which he must resolve to be only the spectator before being the victim . 
  #the strategy of the greek government in order to grasp the situation , one must first understand what the greek government sought to achieve with the third memorandum signed in august 2015 and indirectly validated by the greek voters during the elections of 20 september . 
  alexis tsipras promised to respect the program signed , while preserving greek interests and ultimately being `` rewarded '' by concessions from creditors . 
  to put it plainly , greece intended to ease creditors ' requirements to the maximum , then apply them and use this application to obtain more favorable conditions in terms of objectives and debt restructuring . 
  in the spirit of alexis tsipras , this was a change in the logic of the application of the government troika requests from 2010 to 2015 . 
  #the objectives of alexis tsipras the main objective of the greek government was the revision of the public debt , mainly held by the euro area states and the european institutions .
