   it is up to the bank to verify yes prett much their job . 
  usually when you 've been doing a bad placement you loose that money . 
  not insulting people you unalledgelly enslaved . 
  how , i misunderstood your comment . 
  for the rest , what is your argument for in a country where poor people are not having enough food to not organize food distribution ? 
  again , better food lines than starving, 
  well , i believe him . 
  like fn 's people commenting on news article all day long are not paid by them . 
  like t_d moderators and contributors do not work for trump . 
  this goes also this way for many people across the political spectrum . 
  scanner at the grocery store  line for food  starving . 
  i think we agree, 
  well , he 's right ? 
  depends on what you compare it to . 
  if you go that way , we have pieces of amazonia for that . 
  i did n't liked hollande so much but when it was discovered that infuriated me so much that some press were trying to do this to be a thing that i wanted to defend him . 
  probably the same effect accross the population . 
  i think we abandoned it because of fucking `` ecologists '' trying to destroy the climate . 
  good one for you . 
  50 years to finally see you coming to our position toward us , so much lost time, 
  a joint treasure does n't mean you do n't have your own anymore, 
  why let access to the market if these countries play like this ? 
  sovereignty goes both ways, 
   we are a sovereign nation state if you go in that direction , eu states should use their sovereignty to not letting you access their market . 
  oh , come on , this study is absolutely irrelevant for your argumentation . 
  it 's dealing with a particular case of starting a business . 
  this paper is relevant if you want are an entrepreneur wanting to start a company and make it grow to middle size . 
  look at the assumption page 123 . 
  especially :  - makes a loss in the first year of operation [ ... ]  - all the taxes and contributions recorded are those paid in the second year of operation yes in france you can pluri-annualize your profit . 
  it 's nothing shady . 
  the multiple scams ireland governments is doing is not for that type of business described by the study . 
  now , do you have any argument , for example ( let 's go one by one ) that the irish has n't been lobbying to prevent a public register ? 
  and if you admitt it , how can you still be considered has ` transparent ' ? 
  this video drives me mad everytime . 
  the fact of the company being pride of it and advertising it just disgusts me . 
   actually charge something like 7.4 % effective tax it 's [ 25 % ] ( https://www.forbes.com/pictures/eglg45hhik/france-2/#14963eaa538b ) . 
   has a low but very transparent and effective corporate tax rate . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  ireland is quite known for its [ financial opacity ] ( http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/01/12/ireland-the-tax-haven-that-dare-not-speak-its-name/ ) . 
   a climate of financial opacity is the other major characteristic of a tax haven . 
  so its little wonder that a recent report by 19 european non-governmental organisations found that ireland 's lack of `` financial and company transparency '' is one of the chief reasons we 're such an attractive location for corporate subsidiaries . 
  you see the problem with this kind of corporate secrecy is that it tends to attract those with something to hide . 
  here 's a trio of examples which illustrate how ireland helps to facilitate such secrecy . 
   firstly there 's the case of apple who are currently ( and welcomingly ) being investigated by the european commission to see if they arranged a number of illegal ` sweetheart ' tax deals here . 
  ireland 's strict law surrounding taxpayer confidentiality has meant that these deals , although widely suspected , have been beyond the scrutiny of both the public and our national parliament , despite being of huge significance to the public purse . 
   if found guilty apple could be forced to repay the state for up to ten years ' worth of tax , a figure that jp morgan estimates could be as high as $ 19 billion . 
  and as anyone who has been paying attention to irish affairs over the last few years could surely attest -- we could really do with the money . 
  unfortunately our government is preparing to take a case to the european court of justice to oppose such a ruling . 
   next up is our shadow banking sector which enjoys a similar opacity . 
  for instance special purpose vehicles ( spvs ) like mortgage backed securities ( mbs ) , which we all know played a major role in the global financial crisis , are n't even regulated by our central bank who claims their job is to regulate firms rather than specific instruments . 
  prior to 2008 they did n't even bother to keep a record of how many of these institutions were operating here . 
   in the wake of the crash pressure was put on the irish state to place greater oversight on the industry . 
  we responded by hiring just two people to supervise an entire sector worth $ 2,250 billion . 
  even if those two individuals were superman and the flash they still would n't have a hope of keeping up . 
  but i guess that just shows how serious our government was on shining a light on the shadow banking industry . 
   lastly is the area of offshore trusts , a means of avoiding tax so common that even the dogs on the street could tell you what they 're used for . 
  the users of trusts enjoy relative anonymity which makes it difficult to ascertain who owns them , what assets they control and thus how to tax them . 
  that 's why the establishment of a public register of all the beneficial owners of companies and trusts is presently being pursued at the european level . 
  unsurprisingly our government , along with the likes of luxembourg , are lobbying hard behind the scenes to have the idea shot down . 
  and the electricity price is far from being one of them, 
  i agree that people will probably give em a majority , but i 'm skeptical about the value of the information brought by this poll, 
  polls ca n't really be trustworthy for that type of election , it has too many local paticularities . 
   eastern side of the atlantic you mean the western side which has ocean on the east ? 
  new york as a continental climate , it 's important that the ocean is in the west . 
  see west coast / / east coast in the us for example . 
  yes , but without gulf stream , the ocean would still bring not so far mild weather . 
  a lot of that gold is likely from hidden ~ ~ italian ~ ~ all of europe accounts, 
  gulf stream as a minor impact compared with the fact of having an ocean in the west of you . 
  well , this comment was highly misleading . 
  go [ see ] ( https://nyansapofest.org/ ) yourself . 
  oh great , i had something way darker in mind . 
  op your the biggest karma whore ever . 
   there 's a shit load of france businesses in romania . 
  oh , i know , but again , romanian market is small . 
   and yeah we import 16 % and 11 % from germany and italy . 
  it 's money but i guess you can just dismiss arguments contrary to your agenda . 
  i 've no agenda , just found your comment stupid , especially to say to italian . 
  i 'm not dismissing this one but i did n't really understood your point , if you can rephrase it it 's cool . 
  ah , the romanian market , so huge !, 
  hopefully the eu is here to give us access to it . 
  and italy is also facing young educated leaving the country by the way . 
  well , it probably will take more than half an hour for the others, 
  anyone with decency and europe 's values at his heart should not support most of what they do . 
  there is not `` several scenarios '' in a war with russia . 
  it 's nuking moscow and them nuking us too , provoking the end of the continent in half an hour . 
  the word rest often mean you exclude the thing you were talking about in order to talk about other aspects , illiterate . 
   some people have suggested a fair and free referendum , with international observers , but i do n't think either side wants that , because politically unpopular . 
  that 's the only solution i think . 
  one candidate proposed this to be our stance during election . 
  he was depicted as putin-loving right away . 
   destabilizing libya was n't `` aligning with us . '', 
  good , i 've never said that . 
  i was about to make fun of you messing up countries like your president , but you change comment soon enough . 
  for the rest , i absolutely do n't see your point . 
  please make that clear . 
  yeah i know , sarkozy only did shit on foreign policy . 
  alright . 
  cyrillic is not easy to read , especially with non-transparent word . 
  can you enlighten me about these two little separated graphic ? 
  anyone has an idea of what these flags are ?
