  the center , located in d\u00e9cines-charpieu in the eastern suburbs of lyon , is managed by a large organization created in the 1980s by the ditib ( turco-islamic union of religious affairs ) , whose clear objectives are to develop practice of religion within the turkish community of france , but also to train and send imams , and to build mosques . 
  in strasbourg , in the district of hautepierre , it is a room belonging to a confessional association also dependent on the ditib , which was requisitioned by the consulate to install the polling booths . 
  the ditib is far from being an organization unknown in europe : it was she who was accused a few weeks ago of espionage in germany for the benefit of the turkish government . 
  as a result of this case , six turkish imams , considered as spies , were expelled . 
  `` the consulate of turkey explains that the hall of the association that will serve as a polling station is empty , '' explains gunes deli , vice-president of the federation of alevis in strasbourg , `` but we are convinced that could have found a neutral place not marked by a religious connotation , turkish law requires that the elections be held in a secular place , `` he repeats . 
  in the previous turkish elections - in particular the 2015 legislative elections - the vote of all the turks of the 10 departments of the grand-east was gathered at the turkish consulate in strasbourg . 
  but this time , the services of the consulate argue that the premises are too small . 
  `` there are other rooms that might be suitable for the election , such as those of the association of alevis in strasbourg , '' says gunes deli , `` but although we are members of this community , ( a branch of sufism , of islam , ed . 
  ) , we are against the fact that a polling station is set up there precisely to preserve the neutrality of the ballot . '', 
  to protest against the conditions under which the 16 april election will take place , three turkish democratic groups in france ( the democratic center for the kurdish people , the federation of workers ' and youth associations and the alevis center ) send a letter to the prefecture of the grand-est region in which they explain that by organizing the vote in religious premises , the government of erdogan `` prevents turkish lay citizens and democrats residing in the region from exercising their right to vote as freely as possible . 
  for these associations , installing the ballot boxes in religious buildings can only revive tensions between the supporters of erdogan and the rest of the turkish immigrant population . 
  `` for a non-muslim , '' says ibrahim balci , member of the federation of workers and young people of turkey in france ( didf ) , `` it is inconceivable to vote in a mosque . '', 
  i 'm not sure it 's translating well in english . 
  it means bullshit, 
  leader of my ass . 
  usually it 's corrected because of that . 
  some people still vote strategically in a proportionnal system ? 
  the parliament is mostly consultative . 
  so we ca n't actually say anyone is useful there . 
  shame on downvoters . 
  you 're growing because you are german companies back garden . 
  supply policy is efficient only if not everybody does it . 
  because you 're going to take their activity . 
  if everybody does it you only have less healed , less educated , less protected people . 
  if you ca n't invest you ca n't launch back the economy . 
  with this pact both ariane and airbus would not exist . 
  europe is the only place in the world where we had a second crisis in 2011 . 
  american were not idiot enough for austerity and had a way better situation . 
  this policy is purely ideological . 
  the real goal is to secure asset of rich people , nothing more . 
  well , fuck that . 
  stay unsubmitted to these absurd policies, 
  we do not have flight to polyn\u00e9sie ? 
  or is it not direct ? 
  or it is n't really domestic ? 
  no greece fires public sector employees = activity reduction = gdp schrink = debt more unstainable = increase of interest rate = the same amount of debt , with bigger interest rate and lower taxable activity . 
  consequences : crazy taxes in order to pay foreigner debt owners only , rise of poverty , , population being not healed or educated enough , youth leaving the country leaving retiree alones . 
  and the spiral of negative consequences has no automatic stop . 
  no , the debt/gdp rate rised because usterity lowered gdp, 
  it 's the only party who got only one family at his top . 
  assembly candidate often got catch with nazis hail photos , some of militants have oas or even croix gamm\u00e9s tattoos , they refuse to go to the judge , threaten state worker who are investigating against her . 
  they are widely known to be the xenophobic party and the majority of their voters vote for them for that reason . 
  i could continue for a while . 
  but you know that because if you 're voting for them it 's probably because they 're indeed not exactly a party like others . 
  well with that level of propaganda from the press , i do n't doubt it neither, 
  he won the leadership with the public vote , did n't he ? 
  mainstream media pushing for a blairite , not much to see here . 
  it was the uk pushing for these countries to enter the eu, 
   yeah , but he suggested going back to the socialdemocratic roots ? 
  probably a hollande 's style electoral trick, 
  it 's violin sound at 2:20, 
  hamon represent the ps , and he try to conciliate his party while wanting changing line . 
  there is 2 rules in french politics : 1 lr are crooked 2 do n't trust the campaign of ps so it would make much more sense to be hamon giving up . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is taking a lot of people out from abstention who would not vote for the ps . 
  we have roughly 36000 communes . 
  you seriously think we could n't program our own softwares ? 
  r/europe is downvoting you , but the fact is they do n't know shit about it but you 're right . 
  he was his advisor and then minister . 
  many of hollande 's politics , it 's him ( or valls , which economically is basically the same ) he 's just more honest on what he will do . 
  i think flemish beer are one of the best , but come on , they do n't beat la chouffe , chimay , val-dieu . 
  aka the strategy of defeat, 
  contradictory opinions will be severely reprimanded ? 
   so if you live in germany and have a net income of less than 1032 $ per month you are poor . 
  well , yes ? 
  is it a macron support sub already ? 
  please can we slow down the frequency of these polls ? 
  i think he was pretty hostile from the beginning . 
  german with a somewhat danish-style accent, 
  heretic, 
  you do n't . 
   damn , if we have a guy that i dont like , it will mean the system is rigged and we need vi rep '' fuck that shit dude . 
  yeah you 're right insult me . 
  now i 'm going to explain to you democracy . 
  what do you think i should vote macron ? 
  you said it was not having le pen - fillon . 
  so it 's an utility vote . 
  why such thing as a strategic vote should exist ? 
  so , i think we should get a real democracy and i vote for it , which is the least i can do . 
  now what happens if i vote macron in the first round ? 
  i just gave him a huge legitimacy : between every candidate who were there , he was my best choice . 
  why the fuck i should do that ? 
  most of his policies are the contrary i think we should do . 
  but as you pointed out  also , legislatives are more important than the presidential what do you think giving weight to the different tendancies while the legislatives , for the alliances but also the voters ? 
  the first round of the presidential election . 
  but yeah , campaign for macron with threats and insults i 'm sure it 's efficient . 
  this kind of calculations are most of the time useless . 
  le pen is already sure to be in the second round . 
  macron has arguably as much chance winning against fillon than le pen . 
  all it might do is fillon getting in the second round instead of macron . 
  as a result the macron voter will have pushed for a cryptofacist agenda giving legitimity . 
  the better for democracy is to vote respecting your opinions . 
  that we really need a vith republic and confort me in my vote . 
  i hope no one is doing stupid things like that . 
  * i 'm not going to vote for him in the first round, 
  i seriously do n't care if he 's drinking a bit or not . 
  he does n't look stupid to me . 
  what he did when he was in luxembourg ( stealing other country taxes ) is way more important . 
  i 'm absolutely not going to vote for macron . 
  but it 's cool that the guy does n't want to fool us . 
  he will have his voter , right of ps , centrist and left of the right , being a centrist is not a stupid position in this context where the mainstream parties struggles to differentiate , leading to big frustration in the voters .
