  for this , alexis tsipras could count on a peculiarity of this third memorandum : the radical divergence from the start between the european creditors and the imf . 
  the imf refused to enter the program without debt restructuring , while europeans refused any cut in the debt stock but wanted the imf 's participation . 
  therefore , alexis tsipras , by showing himself to be a good student on the budget , could hope to obtain a rallying of europeans to the positions of the imf and the abandonment by the latter of his demands for radical reforms , notably on pensions . 
  in this debate , alexis tsipras had chosen his side : he did not cease for a year and a half to denounce the imf , hoping to be able to negotiate , alone , against his european creditors . 
  #greek impotence but this whole strategy proved to be a loser . 
  with the third memorandum , greece definitely lost control of its destiny . 
  in many ways . 
  first , because , like the previous ones , this memorandum was unrealistic in its demands . 
  this irreality has a function : to maintain permanent pressure on the greek government and ultimately to reduce it to impotence . 
  also , vis-a-vis athens , creditors can always present an unfinished line of `` reforms '' that must be realized before reaching the promised funds . 
  this forces athens to accept a permanent guardianship which leaves him no room for maneuver . 
  the long discussions for the conclusion of the second review that are currently taking place are followed by the same scenes that have always been renewed since 2010 . 
  in this , alexis tsipras could not really change anything . 
  on the contrary , it had to accept new concessions such as evictions of main residences and even a real `` third and a half memorandum '' in the spring of 2016 , including `` automatic '' reductions in expenditure in the event of deviation from the objective of '' primary surplus . 
  #small profits at the same time , alexis tsipras ' ability to resist the demands of creditors has hardly been demonstrated . 
  even better , greece 's excellent budgetary outcomes ( the primary surplus - out of debt service was 2 % of gdp in 2016 against a target of 0.5 % ) , have hardly given more force to the spokesman of the greek government , as evidenced by the episode of the december retiree bonus . 
  wanting to use a small portion of the surplus , alexis tsipras had announced a premium to the most fragile pensioners . 
  the creditors reacted strongly , suspending the future interest reduction measures decided earlier , before accepting this bonus with a future commitment to waive any such announcement . 
  in the spring , the pension reform promoted by the government was accepted by the creditors with automatic spending cuts in 2018 in case of deviation from the target . 
  moreover , despite its results , the greek government has not been integrated by the ecb ( yet reimbursed until now rubies on the nail by athens ) in the program of redemptions of securities of the bank , qe , which would lead to welcome rate cuts . 
  in short , the strategy alexis tsipras has only very specific successes to present . 
  #fragile and insensitive growth the return to growth is itself very fragile , depending largely on the context of negotiations with the creditors . 
  moreover , even if the rate of growth promised by the european commission in 2017 ( 2.7 % ) was realized , this would not solve the problem of the government : this recovery is not only late , but , with decreases in wages and social spending , it will not be able to reduce the inequalities and ills of most greek citizens . 
  `` the oecd has recently shown that this type of growth reinforces inequalities . 
  the weakest , further reinforced by the latest rise in vat , will continue to weigh heavily in the appreciation of a free-falling standard of living since 2010 . 
  alexis tsipras will hardly be able to play on growth to regain the confidence of his people . 
  #the impossible `` political '' decision the anger of alexis tsipras is therefore probably explained by this feeling of having been played , once again . 
  while continuously seeking negotiations with his creditors , he was constantly confronted with the requirements of the eurogroup . 
  in short , while he wanted a `` political '' negotiation , alexis tsipras was referred to `` technical '' discussions . 
  this is exactly what happened in the first half of 2015 . 
  before the symposium of syriza , alexis tsipras therefore , unsurprisingly , `` asked the chancellor '' to step up wolfgang sch\u00e4uble . 
  a request that resembles the calls of june 2015 when he expected from his meetings with the chancellor an issue with the arm of iron with the eurogroup . 
  in reality , the chancellor , more than ever in delicacy in the polls , has no reason to do this pleasure to alexis tsipras against the very popular wolfgang sch\u00e4uble . 
  the latter therefore has his hands free . 
  the eurogroup can therefore continue to put pressure on greece . 
  this week must therefore determine new `` efforts '' and `` new '' reforms . 
  a work of sisyphus which , of course , exhausts the country and its population . 
  alexis tsipras is therefore locked in a losing strategy , condemned to push to the end a logic whose lack of results has proved itself . 
  legislatives take place one month later . 
  which refugee crisis ? 
  valls is though usually considered like very right leaning in the ps . 
  many would agree he 's definitely not left, 
   this is a protest against democratically elected person no he had the biggest lost ever and in the future . 
  if hamon is purging his party from social-traitors sure but that 's unlikely . 
  would someone believing in ' a being ' or ' a force ' etc be counted ? 
  cuit , cram\u00e9 : - being overcooked - being done , busted etc. 
   like is he genuinely angry and thinking that switzerland `` invaded '' liechtenstein ? 
  europe is not suppose to send threats to its member :'(, 
  who do you expect to understand this joke here ? 
  rrg : 5 january -  38 % 2 february -  44 %, 
  having erdogan as a eu leader right now would be inconceivable . 
  from my point of vue and people around me , no . 
  if you looking at bfmtv , hell yeah . 
  yes , he exactly is . 
  i see that war calls actually works . 
  let just nuke moskow i think this is a better solution . 
  or maybe we prefer diplomacy over war . 
  he could n't loose the port of sebastopol to an american sphere of influence hostile towards russia . 
  the invasion is though totally illegal but these aggressive attitudes will just adds up one to another from both side in this way . 
  please let 's try something else . 
  i do n't want of your war . 
  hope the french will not give europe nuclear dissuasion in this conditions . 
  europa should work in varietate concordia even with russians . 
  i sometimes feel that here on r/europe not wanting a war with russia is considered like sucking putin 's balls . 
  go push your capitalist anarchy elsewhere please, 
  actually why should voters care of things like this ? 
  how is it relevant ? 
  hope we can reach 1793 efficency ( not methods , or ... ) . 
  i 'm seriously afraid by all these warrior speeches here ... 
  you will see after sometimes that the us soft power machine gets controlled by trump the russia will ( with reason ) not be consider a threat to americans , but you will widely see in america and europe anti chinese speeches in the media and here on r/europe probably as well . 
  lets hope europe will seek peace and diplomacy with both . 
  the fact that the eu and us european countries have let that happen is a shame for all of us . 
  this situation is unnecessary . 
   the only non-corrupt lunatic in this race is le pen . 
  bad timing , she just has to pay back tonight for a similar case that fillon is having , but with the european parlement instead of the french one . 
   free trade deals with the us lol , like if we wanted that . 
  in fact the fn is one of the party the most firmly against tafta . 
  meh not really . 
  he was quite `` dissident '' during the end of this presidency but actually was n't much upset with the liberal measure at first . 
  then , when he quitted , he has n't took the opportunity to eject the gouvernment . 
  he is a nomenklatura guy , indeed more left than the current goenment . 
  melenchon is much more comparable in my opinion . 
  i see boobs on russia 's . 
  do i need to get a girlfriend guys ? 
  he want to change eu-policy , your reasoning sounds like if i do not agree with my gouvernement 's policies i 'm actually anti-french ? 
  you already heard about the versailles 's treaty right < ? 
  yes , same for the netherlands and rotterdam . 
  what am i looking at , is it trade between us , outside trade or both ? 
  i was in strasbourg last month : so much german tourists indeed . 
  we use ( used actually ) to be more independant toward the usa than our european friends are . 
  it 's actually marion mar\u00e9chal-le pen . 
  and screwed everyone who was n't submissive enough to : - slash unemployement benefits - cutting pension and health insurance benefits - abolish or cut all sorts of taxes , from taxes on capital gains to income tax . 
  i really do n't understand why anyone would do that . 
  i have the feeling is that germany 's current politic about this issue is simply to let 's things go and make the maximum of money they can during the time they can . 
  what i see is building hardly higher than 100 meters tall , and there are only 23 ( and only 2-3 above 110 and with a maximum of 137 , hardly skyscrapers ) ) in a city of 2,2 millions habitant . 
  the districs they are located are not the most dense anyway . 
  the only real skyscraper in paris intra muros is the tour montparnasse . 
  the tour eiffel could n't be an argument in a discussion about density . 
  though , the density per habitant is the highest of any western cities . 
  [ the architecture is very flat ] ( http://images.google.fr/imgres?imgurl=https%3a%2f%2fupload.wikimedia.org%2fwikipedia%2fcommons%2fthumb%2fe%2fe6%2fparis_night.jpg%2f540px-paris_night.jpg&amp;imgrefurl=https%3a%2f%2ffr.wikipedia.org%2fwiki%2fparis&amp;h=180&amp;w=540&amp;tbnid=zy-qcvfxwexrom%3a&amp;vet=1&amp;docid=ovwk_tsy1do9gm&amp;ei=yw50woq5kiemajbomfgl&amp;tbm=isch&amp;iact=rc&amp;uact=3&amp;dur=689&amp;page=0&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=17&amp;ved=0ahukewiqy4y2jrbrahuhexokhrz0br8qmwhrkawwda&amp;bih=732&amp;biw=1536 ) so i think we can say you do n't need to have skyscraper to have a dense city .
