  it could no longer be issued ex post ( during or after delivery ) , and the european commission should be able to audit the institutions that issue it . 
  in addition , paris is calling for a european coordination platform managed by the commission so that labor inspectors can better share their information on fraudulent companies , which are difficult to track down because such exchanges between social administrations are still on a bilateral basis . 
  finally , it is requested that the deadline for transposition of the revised directive into the legislation of the member states should be limited to a maximum of 24 months , as against 36 months foreseen in the council . 
  according to our information , the french government wants a part of these requests to be included in the proposal for the new `` regulation for the coordination of social security '' put on the table by the commission at the beginning of 2017 . 
  but this text did not even begin to be discussed in the council . 
  at the same time , work in the strasbourg parliament - which also has a say , as well as the directive on posted workers - is just starting . 
  the strategy of paris differs significantly from that of the previous government : france seemed to be accommodating herself to the proposals put on the table in brussels , and the minister of labor myriam el khomri had chosen the path of dialogue , judged conscientious in brussels . 
  given the level of demands , the conclusion of an agreement at twenty-hundred on 15 june in luxembourg at a council of social affairs ministers seems illusory . 
  however , it was hoped that the commission and the council , after months of negotiations , would begin to see the possibility of a compromise with countries in the eastern part of the eu . 
  it 's not for you but gosh , do only one side if it 's symetrical . 
  i 'm in, 
  glorious tgv, 
  britain & its empire had a way bigger role in ww2 than usa, 
  never happened to me and neither ever heard of it . 
  the gdp per capita of liechtenstein is higher than luxembourg and qatar . 
  though smaller than monaco . 
  is n't already ? 
   against a left wing the center can win the right and the center . 
  against a right wing the center gather the left and the center [ mrw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=julmkvvfyda ), 
  no , that means not-poland . 
  was n't tories ' leave campaign ? 
   historical context it often difficult to consider france [ ... ] as reliable allies . 
  i 'm a little skeptic on that one , we tried to revive poland once and another time triggered wwii because of germany invading poland . 
  what are you refering to exactly ? 
  you 're forgetting the context here , the deal was also a compensation for not delivering the mistral 's to russia after your demand . 
  also , the deal was the best ever signed , with more than 100 % offsets ( 130 % i think ) . 
  the problem was that factories/investments was n't in pis strongholds , plus i suspect heavy american influence on tha decision . 
  my answer [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6fk9pu/why_poles_are_bearish_on_emmanuel_macron/diiwx0q/ ), 
   of fixing the problem at the source like going to iraq ? 
  anyway , remove that , and that 's still a lot left  you 're quite a drama queen i 'm sorry must be my polish blood . 
   germany and france and spain , italy and ... oh shit that 's already 60 % of the eu , not even need to look for others . 
  italy and greece needs help to handle the refugee crisis ? 
  poland say fuck you . 
  western states say that detached workers should be paid with the same social security system ? 
  poland says fuck you . 
  you want to fix your monetary unions , poland is not concerned , but eh , why not say fuck you ? 
  poland is doing the crying like a little bitch ` oh no , do n't sell ships to russia ' , you propose a solution including a golden deal with poland with fucking 130 % offsets ? 
  surprise , poland just changed governments , investments are not in pis stronghold so they say fuck you . 
  i 'm so happy average french does n't give a fuck about poland and know nothing aboutthis otherwise i would be so ashamed of my polish name . 
  it is not ` doing as we like ' . 
  it 's acting like the lasts of asshole . 
  here you are constantly insulting us and sucking us 's dick . 
  but eh , can you keep sending the money ? 
  hypocrites, 
  french tend to be more critic when evaluating something . 
  for example 12/20 would be consider an honest note in french educational system where not having the top mark can be seen as a failure in thers countries . 
  also , we really are pessimistic compare to other cultures . 
   then the eu is split i 'm starting to think it might be a good thing . 
  let 's keep cooperative countries such as slovenia or romania , the others who are unhappy should maybe start to draw their own path . 
  but please stop prevent us to do anything . 
   a giant fuck you to other eu members pretty much sums up the polish attitude on every single matter . 
  the energy consumption has increased til the crisis , and the gdp stopped to grow then . 
  i 'm not denying the importance of energy efficiency - see my first post - i 'm just saying it wo n't be enough anymore as the decline of energy available will accelerate . 
  thanks , they look quite similar, 
  depends on what we are talking about . 
  as long as intermittents energy are not significant , you adjust with fossiles or existing hydroelectric dam . 
  as soon it 's massive , you ca n't do that anymore and need to build their own storage and prices takes a massive hit . 
  edit : i love downvotes but i do love even more when people say why they disagree . 
  i 'm absolutely aware that correlation is no causality . 
  [ here ] ( http://theshiftproject.org/sites/default/files/imagecache/landscape/images/context.png ) you can see that the decrease in production growth precede the decrease in gdp growth in the last two events ( 2000 and 2007 ) now [ here ] ( https://jancovici.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/chiffres_energie_graph105.jpg ) is the data for spain . 
  see the way it turns ? 
  it means that the problem is energetic before being a gdp problem . 
  finally which countries relied the more on oil before 2007 ? 
  on the top you have greece , then spain , italy , and ireland . 
  well , that 's kind of what i 'm saying . 
  no growth since a decade , with energy decline being now compensated with energy efficiency . 
  now if you take the value of housing into inflation , the gdp would be lower , that is to say we are already kind of declining . 
  by the time norway pass its production pic the decline of energy will be faster , and the energy efficiency wo n't be enough to compensate , especially with the physical limits to it for many usages . 
  i thought the turks kept the spirit of the name , ayasofya . 
  why blue is used here ? 
  i dare you to find a [ more significant explanatory variable ] ( http://theshiftproject.org/sites/default/files/imagecache/landscape/images/gdp_energy.png ), 
  this wo n't last long : the fossils production stagnate , the population is growing , developing countries and producers take a bigger share , so we can conclude the energy available per european will be reduce . 
  the gdp energy intensity growth wo n't be sufficient . 
  or we have gdp = gdp/energy * energy ( exactly ) . 
  renewables except hydro are still ridiculous and the prices will go severly up as soon as we will need to stock them at big scales . 
  nuclear wo n't rise due to ( unjustified ) fear among opinions . 
  what we see here is noise , prepare yourself to secular recession . 
  a grown forest is carbon neutral , old trees decompose realeasing carbon and new trees absorb . 
  if you want it to durably absorb c02 , you do need do cut it , and then using it appropriatedly . 
  well , it 's possible , mine was stolen some weeks ago . 
  how the fuck is this related ? 
  or is it that fucking dualism accordingly to as soon as your not on doggystyle waiting the americans you 're a putin sucker ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  he will pronounce a shitton of words for it . 
  from what croatians friends told me , it 's mainly czechs, 
  there was only one statement . 
  it 's easier when people have a binary opinion , right ? 
  yes , for example the ps candidate hamon was one of them , while the prime minister valls , and hollande without saying it , supported macron, 
  of course . 
  though one could argue that a majority is enough , but you never know how many dissidents you might have for the 5 next years . 
  they usually gives power to the new elected president though . 
  but he probably wants to make sure to have the largest majority . 
  yes , the legislatives , the ones that actually gives power . 
  and , of all , it was the most pro-us candidate . 
  though le pen would arguably have bette relations with trump, 
  how ? 
  when you have government refusing golden deal because factories are not located in the new elected party strongholds , that 's as unreliable as we can get . 
  also , from here some are skeptical about poland 's unconditionnal love for the us . 
  i 'm saying it 's their problem where they put the money . 
  that poland is not a reliable partne for defense , and decided that us was their main partner for that matter .
