  surely does n't fit your values . 
  a third of fillon 's voters will go and vote for lepen btw . 
  protectionnism at european borders . 
  of course this might not be sarkozy `` karcher for banlieue '' rhetoric . 
  no , it 's not valls hard stances . 
  no it 's not the abandon of rural areas . 
  reduced worker 's right ? 
  no way . 
  the media normalizing them ? 
  what a bullshit . 
  it 's obviously the fault of the electorate who will vote for more than half for the very thing they 're fighting against , who succeeded to take fn finally a bit of voters amongst the most abandoned and leading them to a more humanist stance : here you have a fight to lead . 
  edit : what makes me the most upset is that i think you probably know all of it , but meh , what 's truth compare to narrative ? 
  yes otherwise we 'll collapse tomorrow right bloomberg ? 
  like every day since 15 years ? 
  it 's hard to go to vote for everything you stand against . 
  the fact that more than half will go and vote for macron is already showing a great political abnegation . 
  yes , also because le pen 's claims are purely demagogical and does n't fit her long time political commitment . 
  funny how to see m\u00e9lenchon 's vote is rural in the west , urban in center + east , lepen 's rural in the north and urban in the south , macron 's urban everywhere except brittany and fillon 's just rich . 
  oh , i will probably vote for him . 
  it 's just sad that out of 11 candidate , the two rooting the more for more influence of an external power are now in the second round . 
  sorry to not be happy with it . 
  it 's a lost cause really . 
  some of voters of m\u00e9lenchon would probably have vote for her if he was n't here ( most anti-system candidates ) and this number is between 8 and 14 % of his voters . 
  the rest hate fn to the core . 
  the only thing she could do is too make them despise enough macron to make them not go to the vote station . 
  his map are totally bullshit and are relying on absolute numbers for 3 , misleading data for 2 ( the part of x in y might be important , if y is close to zero x too ) , for 1 there is several things like : absolute numbers for the circles , leading to misinterpret the rest , clearly a scale that does n't take into account divide into urban and rural zones , and not even really fitting fn 's vote . 
  the only place it might be relevant is the mediterrean coast . 
  what you have here is good propaganda material . 
  and r/europe buying it . 
  the funniest is i 'm sure i can find something arguing about how fake news are bad pretty quickly here . 
  all his `` threat '' plan for the eu was about to bring more cooperation and harmonization . 
  people rooting for mass deportation . 
  r/europe upvotes . 
   macron too is not part of the establishment seriously on which planet do you live ? 
  probably these ones are angry people who would have vote lepen if they had n't another vote to express it . 
  can you repeat the question ? 
  ok so now we know thanks mate . 
  seems like we have the choice between an american shill and a russian one ... great . 
  yes, 
  no conspiracies , just people acting in their own interest . 
  that 's because italian change the labels ( inb4 r/place ), 
  look , it 's ok not agreeing but faking not to understand what i 'm saying is pretty annoying . 
  let 's say you 're honest and i will try one last time . 
   i do n't see any link between this comment and the one i replied to originally . 
  that 's definitely what we were talking about though . 
  what i 'm saying is that labelling yourself as a centrist and moderate is a way to make yourself and your ideology look as a `` synthesis '' and `` reasonable '' and `` able to compromise '' , and this is misleading because the policies you 're advocating for might not be moderate at all . 
  for example macron want to reform workers rights through ordonnances ( a way more or less bypassing the parliament ) while people are on paid leave , which is neither something moderate , neither very opened to discussion . 
  in the same tone there is nothing reasonable selling one of french best industries for peanuts to americans . 
  this framing of reasonable opinions are often set by non-neutral actors through their influence in media and politic . 
  more generally , there is no such thing as neutral and you should take with a grain of salt this assumption from people/media who claim so . 
  i 'm just saying the `` centrist '' or `` moderate '' label is misleading and ideologically oriented . 
  as it is an answer , maybe you should look in the comment i was answering to . 
  more broadly people defending that ideology from center-left to right , big business owners , the journalist they decided they are ideologically compatible for being hired in the media they own , all the mediocre journalisto-political class who think themselves as an elite . 
  meh , i 'm would n't be so sure . 
  i do n't think hardly any left voters will go vote fillon in case of le pen v fillon . 
   anti-eu he 's asking fiscal harmonization ( common european taxes , certainly on company benefits first ) , raise a bit minimal wage in ee . 
  i 'm fed up being ( with association ) labeled anti-european . 
  like it coulb be hardly more wrong . 
  but it 's not your fault , it 's election time and you have to spread your propaganda . 
  fair enough . 
  i 've talking politics with a greek guy , and i understood more m\u00e9lenchon 's position when he told me that tsipras had no chance whatsoever at the very time he said he wo n't leave the union . 
  yes , they decided that they are the normal and everybody not agreeing is a dangerous extremist . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not legal . 
  but is it fair , is it viable ? 
  i think the law is `` substantial '' activity . 
  this is clearly not a clear line . 
   that 's the rules . 
  well there indeed are account manipulation of these companies : for example the benefit amount of company x filiale country y will often be the price they will choose for intellectual property , right to use the name etc for the company x country z tax heaven . 
  even today , several scientific told us about sending a paper to a scientific review , being denied for shitty reason and some month later a very close article appear . 
  they putted real workers to be more legal but of course they evade taxes from all over europe and it does n't correspond to any value they are really producing here . 
  unbiased does n't exist . 
  paper who pretend so just are from the dominant ideology and pushing for it . 
  plurality is what you need, 
   once people are more informed about what the eu does and how it does it a lot of good stuffs , also allowing companies to ( not ) pay taxes in nl , luxembourg and ireland without anything could be done about that . 
  yeah , so you did profited of greek distress and still bring up that `` lazy greeks we gave them too much money '' while the only thing you were doing is to save your own bondholders . 
  did hitler had nuclear bombs ? 
  [ of course ] ( http://www.iwh-halle.de/fileadmin/user_upload/publications/iwh_online/io_2015-07.pdf ), 
  i laughed hard, 
  the liberal economic theory is nothing like science . 
  well left voters hating fn is not really something new . 
  [ removed ], 
  `` the proposed common market as presented is based on classical liberalism of the nineteenth century , according to which pure competition rules out all problems . 
  ten grave crises , so much suffering endured , bankruptcy and periodic unemployment have shown the character of this classic theory of resignation . 
  [ ... ] in the event of an economic crisis , there is a decline in german wages , a dumping of german industry against poverty . 
  [ ... ] harmonization must be done in the direction of social progress , in the sense of a parallel increase in social benefits and not , as the french governments have feared for so long , for the benefit of the more conservative countries and detriment of the most socially advanced countries . 
  in fact , we are not hiding them , our partners want to retain the commercial advantage they have over us because of their social backwardness . 
  our policy must continue to be , at all costs , not to build europe in regression to the detriment of the working class and , consequently , to the detriment of other social classes who live from the purchasing power of the workers . 
  we must make europe in expansion and in social progress and not against unity and the other . 
  if our charges are too heavy , as it is certain , if our balance of payments is altered , we shall invite to devalue the franc one or more times , all that is necessary to restore equilibrium , living standards and real wages . 
  [ ... ] then devaluation will no longer be a sovereign , national decision ; it will be imposed on us from without , as for free social initiatives , judged too generous . 
  it is foreseen that the common market includes the free movement of capital . 
  it is evident that the natural movement of capital , especially of private capital , will be oriented towards low-burden countries , that is to say , countries where social policy is the least costly . 
  capital tends to leave the socialist countries and their departure to exert pressure in the direction of abandoning an advanced social policy . 
  i have often recommended more rigor in our economic management . 
  but i am not resigned to a judgment . 
  we can not leave the repository of our freedom of decision in matters which also affect our very conception of progress and social justice ; the consequences may be too many from the social as well as the political point of view . 
  let us take care also : the mechanism once started , we will not be able to stop it ... private car , decisions are made by majority . 
  the abdication of a democracy can take two forms , namely the use of an internal dictatorship to the handing over of all powers to the providential man , or the delegation of these powers to an outside authority . 
  political economy , social economy , social economy , social economy , economy , economy , economy and society . 
  [ pierre mend\u00e8s france , voting against the treaty of rome ],
