  therefore , it is not useful or reasonable to dismiss evolution based on such debates . 
  the `` theory '' of evolution explains the observed `` fact '' of evolution . 
  tl ; dr : we also say theory of gravitation . 
  now i invite you to jump through the window since it 's `` just a theory '' . 
  ge educate yourself . 
  `` eh , you did n't asked for it , but we just thought it was a good idea to raise your wages '' said no company ever . 
  go strike , fight for your rights and fair pay . 
  you deserve it , produce lot of values for these brands . 
  but the average jean and helmut have nothing to do with that and are rarely profiting of money transferred . 
  wonderful city , is n't it ? 
  i largely prefer them to spy the white house for themselves than spying us for the whitehouse . 
   when we want to increase wages at home it is wrong . 
  when we move for better jobs ( by our standards ) , we are wrong . 
  no it 's good , who ever said that ? 
  you have to consider that this sub is a massive echo-chamber . 
  every comment about eu is tracked in interviews and posted several times each with different wordings and sometimes editorialisation like here . 
  for here , it 's not really a macron issue . 
  during the debates , he was the only one to defend the posted workers directive . 
  the fact is addressing legitimate criticism about the eu from other political movements is a good thing imo . 
  the abuses are massive and are not leading to a good situation neither for us and you . 
  then you have to consider we live in an integrated economic bloc , that is to say behavior of countries inside are affecting us , sometimes very badly . 
  and it can not really be consider as an internal issue of the other country . 
  for example the thing who allow ireland to do tax ruling is to be integrated in the bloc , it would be useless for them to do that if there was no access to our markets . 
  finally , i understand the rant about `` dirty french and german deciding for everything '' often read here , but it actually always worked like that . 
  for example when germany speaks it often falls in line with northern countries interest . 
  the lasts year , with the lack of france 's power , southern countries have pledges to bring back french-german duo instead of germany alone because france often speak for them as well . 
  that 's also why the weimar triangle configuration is also used . 
  i would also argue that without french and germans moving their asses to change things , there would be no eu today nor most step would n't have been done . 
  he do has some authority on the french territory . 
  you are poorly bringing arguments . 
  in real life you have to . 
  if i understand correctly the thing , the guy with the sign is denouncing facist and their territorial claims by pointing that some croatians land are n't 100 % legitimate either , and that italian far-right could make similar claim concerning this areas ? 
  if that is , that 's kind of smart , but i expect `` dirty commies '' oneliner . 
  france usually represent well southern interests . 
  i ca n't find it now but some month ago spanish pm said french-german duo has to be brought back , instead of germany alone . 
  so you 're fighting for encourage that ? 
  summary : - west treat us as colonies !, 
  [ we deserve comparable wages ! ], 
  ( https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-06-21/a-strike-in-slovakia-exposes-a-european-divide ) - eh corporation , pay more the ee workers !, 
  - west want to undermine us slashing our competitivity !, 
  color me surprise, 
  i was only precising this is for training not fighting while taking his wording . 
  it 's ok , it will be just to train  to murder innocent people across the world . 
   i even wave the european flag on a pole outside my house . 
  should show some respect for your ee immigrants ... / s, 
  you 've been tricked by the flag . 
  not sure economic emigration is a problem for monaco . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fasces will give you details . 
  tl ; dr : roman symbol , widely used , and among other by fascist , hence the name . 
  we used it before fascism was a thing though . 
  made for sharing i guess, 
  could n't we just have uk like flag instead of royalist symbols again ? 
  why is this one on my passport in this case ? 
  mud be official somehow, 
  nothing to do with p\u00e9tain, 
  i 'm not very enthusiastic seeing a royalist symbol on the french flag to be honest . 
  the council is i agree a problem . 
  rough google translate : sylvie goulard , who joined the government as minister of armed forces , announced his resignation on tuesday , june 20th . 
  in a statement , she wrote that `` the president of the republic has undertaken to restore confidence in public action , to reform france and to revive europe , which must take precedence over any personal consideration . 
  that is why i asked the president of the republic , in agreement with the prime minister , to cease to be a member of the government . '', 
  the centrist mep added : `` in the event that the preliminary investigation of the modem would lead to verification of the conditions of employment of my assistants in the european parliament , i would like to be able to demonstrate freely my good faith and all the work that i accomplished it '' . 
  the minister concluded by saying that `` the defense mission imposes a special demand . 
  the honor of our armies , the men and women who serve them , sometimes at the peril of their lives , can not be mixed up in polemics to which they have no share '' . 
   i hope the streets block his program there certainly will be demonstration , he 'll go through . 
   his government to the impopularity do n't worry , that 'll happen . 
  they 're definitely not russian imperialist . 
  what 's your question exactly ? 
   open to collaboration than melenchons crew in front of cameras only . 
  in the negotiations they wanted almost all winnable seats . 
  just relocalise your activity in italy , raise good italians engineers and make italy live please, 
  we 're on constant trust attack from anglo news indeed, 
  and when you go out your friends/colleague speak english when you 're around for you ? 
  what is it ? 
  yeah , i saw the irony , the frenchs singing la marseillaise and god save the queen in a row . 
  mostly useless data : there are opposites reason to disapprove . 
  that 's not what i was asking . 
   so now europe accuses the us of being too harsh on russia ? 
  hahaha , you ca n't make this shit up . 
  why ? 
  different countries have different opinions about it . 
  they do this all the time . 
  story from last year : according to information from the point , the daughter of the former king of saudi arabia would have threatened to death a parisian craftsman . 
  the latter filed a complaint . 
  the artisan worked in the apartment of the saudi princess , located on avenue foch in the 16th arrondissement of paris . 
  according to the victim 's testimony , khaled bin abdelaziz al saoud 's daughter reportedly asked his bodyguards to finish with the craftsman after surprising him taking pictures of the room to be renovated . 
  photographs that would allow him to put the objects in their place after the work done . 
  `` we must kill this dog , he does not deserve to live , '' said the daughter of the former saudi president . 
  one of the princess 's bodyguards would then land and beat the craftsman before tying her and ordering her to kneel and kiss the heiress 's feet . 
  the victim was also allegedly threatened with a weapon , reports le point . 
  it was the intervention of a third henchman who would have saved the parisian 's life . 
  after having detached him and having photocopied his identity card , the bodyguard would have let him leave while ordering him never again to set foot in the 16th arrondissement . 
  after four hours of calvary , the craftsman immediately went to file a complaint . 
  according to the police , the traces of beating were still visible when the victim presented himself at the police station . 
  he claims today 20,000 euros to the saudi princess , who kept his material . 
  the follow-up given to this case remains uncertain , due to the diplomatic immunity enjoyed by some wealthy families in the gulf . 
  is it really different elsewhere though ? 
  maybe in nordics/benelux ... 
  meh , really , same policy , shittier pr, 
  all of the country economy will be unable to export anything though . 
  why does reddit tell me there is 3 comments and display none ?
