  left is no european parliamentary group . 
  it would be gue-ngl in fi 's case . 
  very interesting . 
  though crimea presence will probably make it not so popular here, 
  also , they completely messed up belgium/netherlands and netherlands/germany borders . 
  high level of propaganda against a party/candidate is a two sided blade . 
  we can notice that france was not a target of terrorists attacks before it fully aligned with us under sarkozy . 
  well , not really . 
  maybe knowing what is it about could help though . 
  lybia is a big shame in our mostly consistent foreign policy . 
  sarkozy should be judge for this . 
  corbyn will loose because the whole british press is campaigning against him . 
   scrap tuition fees at all universities in england looks basic to me . 
   nationalise rail firms across the uk good . 
  private rail is an economic non-sense . 
  on netflix there is au service de la france , very good serie i recommend it . 
  that 's le pen . 
  m\u00e9lenchon 's russophilie was vastly exagerated . 
  i 'm happy to have democratic control about big scales stuffs instead of feuda - i mean a freed economy . 
  was there really differences between renzi and macron though ? 
  this is not very understandable . 
  i think he 's saying that we should stop supporting gulf monarchies financing terrorism instead of them being allies but i 'm not so sure . 
  from what i see talents are n't specifically coming from london but going there . 
  what danger are you talking about specifically ? 
   should n't you get upset about some politician doing an interview in english on some foreign tv channel or something because it 's a clich\u00e9 that you have because of your culture is now fully anglosaxon replaced . 
  for example we do n't get angry in cities that do n't speak our language that people do n't speak our language ( bruxelles ) . 
   besides , if it 's that bad , why are you all moving out here ? 
  i 'm living in france and i 'm very well here thanks . 
  i do n't know any french living in belgian flanders neither . 
  the others you will see are tax evaders please send them back there is no reason they are giving to you the money they made here . 
  for wallons after getting you out of peasantry maybe they have the right to work in their investments as well ( anvers harbour for example ) ? 
  maybe one day you will realize that a significant part of those filthy fiscal transfer are from french speaking people living in bhv in cities where nobody speaks your language anyway and working in bruxelles . 
  if you guys antagonize wallons enough you 'll wake up one day with france at your doorstep and i 'm pretty sure you wo n't like that . 
  if well calculated this message will trigger a delicious rant that i 'm patiently waiting . 
  anglos are n't call immigrants . 
  no you can be pretty sure flemish are # 1 linguistic shitshow . 
  very dangerous for european cohesion to drive germany toward more liberalism . 
  the thing of considering your own countrymen as immigrants really surprises me everytime . 
  step 1 : take rhode saint-genese in bruxelles capital . 
  step 2 : make common threats with wallonia to unite with france if they take independance . 
  they 'll abandoned their independance project right away . 
   to start with he has to create job growth , and preferably real jobs rather than shitty uber-style gigs where the employee has no rights and earns a pittance while the owners enrich themselves by bending as much labour laws as they can get away with . 
  his plans to create job growth is actually to make the employees have no rights and earns a pittance while the owners enrich themselves by bending as much labour laws as they can get away with . 
  not really , look at finland, 
   we do love having one big leader speak for yourself, 
  he do send strange signs . 
   in french politics , this absent is the figure of the king , of which i fundamentally think that the french people did not want death . 
  the terror has dug an emotional , imaginary , collective void : the king is no longer there !, 
  we then tried to reinvest this vacuum , to place other figures : these were the napoleonic and gaullist moments , in particular . 
  the rest of the time , french democracy does not fill space . 
  that plus the victory in the louvre , there is no so much of a `` lmao '' possible here, 
   his position to eurobonds the real one or the german 's media one ? 
  not exactly , it 's two round like for the presidential , just per circonscription . 
  the rule to be in the second round is quite different though : it 's no more the first two , but everyone above 12.5 % . 
  in this case it 's the post for the first . 
  we usually see candidates withdrawing between the two round too and it has to be taken into account . 
  hartz like reforms are though what is asked to us since a long time by european partners , especially germany . 
  funnily enough the founder is a front national 's mayor now . 
  amateurs , we had a 15 years old or sth . 
   with such high tax rates the tax high rates are here to pay debts right ? 
  debt cutted imply tax a bit lowered . 
  yes , as much of the left that i 'm , i really appreciate the clarification he has done . 
  it depend whatyou means by `` competitive '' . 
  competitive desinflation , which is a big part of german succes , has not much to do with real efficiency . 
  seriously , we do not care that some multinationals with a french name sales stuff in poland , they do not create activity here , they surely do n't pay taxes for that neither . 
  poland is an american base mate , of course they 're working against our interests . 
  edit : ok downvoters , you 're right , `` vassal '' would have been more accurate than `` base '' . 
  weirdest world map ever ;, 
  what happened to him ? 
  go to ukraine, 
  that 's shit if they wanted you could have a rrg government right now, 
  this one is [ better ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/69y391/how_allegiances_shifted_from_the_1st_to_the_2nd/dha76c0/?context=3 ), 
  3/4 of nda 's supporter do n't want him as prime minister ahah, 
  lol the spoilt teen who 's mom bring chicken wings and treat her like shit . 
  juncker is not french . 
   of all european languages it 's the easiest to learn . 
  clearly not . 
  or only because it 's the most use . 
  well it 's kind of working for me . 
  it 's just  parole , parole parole ... 
  i presume but i hope not . 
  well it arguably failed . 
  i return the favor . 
  the current situation will break it faster, 
  because : - he want to do the same policies as before ( left and right ) - his movement is supported by full of oligarchs and politics from center-left to center-right . 
  he 's obviously the continuation candidate . 
  there is zero doubt . 
  the change he proposes is the two main parties not fighting on thing they agree because it would be a success for the other . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  well , that 's a shitty picture . 
  [ here ] ( https://s3.amazonaws.com/gs-geo-images/6b149d96-083b-40e7-a685-c1ce50feaa24.jpg ) a better one, 
  well , it was a poll for the second round , so only 2 options, 
  by bruno rieth 27/04/2017 beno\u00eet hamon 's presidential campaign proved to be a way of the cross on the end . 
  so much so that at one point he and his entourage questioned a withdrawal in favor of jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon ... 
  the numbers are bad . 
  since mid-march , all the polls indicate more or less the same trend : a remontada by jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon on beno\u00eet hamon . 
  at the end of the socialist primary , on january 29 , the deputy of yvelines collected 17 % to 18 % of voting intentions , against 11 % for the candidate of france rejected . 
  it was an eternity . 
  meanwhile , the tribune 's performance on march 20 in the debate organized by tf1 marked the spirits , manuel valls announced on rmc that he would vote for emmanuel macron and the proposal of the last chance of gathering with the communists and the insoumis is remained a dead letter . 
  the week of april 3 is devastating for the socialist .
