  edit : missing part, 
  that does n't change the fact that paris is very dense without skyscrapers . 
  it 's not in paris . 
  it is n't because you have a polish name you know anything about poland . 
  paris is already very dense and has no skyscraper ( ok one , ok , two with the eifferl tower ) . 
  you do n't actually have build very high to have a dense city . 
  open forum -  very good idea , this works very well on r/france, 
  nice , thanks for sharing it . 
  i think here it 's more an occasion to talk about history , and comments are actually pretty great i think . 
  here in grenoble there is snow only at the very top of the mountains . 
  it 's really cold though . 
  ` balles ' was more for the franc , euros are more referred as ` boules ' even if ` balles ' is also use, 
  actually napoleon created the warsaw 's duchy who was prussian/austria/russ / occupied and the polish sided with france for the rest of the napoleonic wars . 
  so i do n't think `` invaded '' is correct . 
  when do the spd choose its candidate ? 
  aka corruption ruins everything . 
  not contradictory . 
  though andorra speaks more spanish than luxembourg . 
  i have to notice that sweden energy 's policy is really good : nuclear-hydro , with some wind to help the hydro stocking , well played sweden . 
  yeah , central europe is certainly adapted , but if you only cut in two , czech republic speak a slavic language and was part of the ussr , definitely enough to be call eastern . 
  austria does not tick the boxes . 
  even the name : ! ost!erreich suggest it consider itself inside of a block who is more western, 
  keep your salt for your freedom fries . 
  very surprising . 
  but i would suggest they were able to understand directions in english but were n't confident enough to talk in english . 
  and who cares when you now the person in front of you will understand because he will recognize the name of the place . 
  and i ca n't say for all of my countrymen , but for some of them it might be not easier to understand for you if they try to speak in english, 
  i believe you , but i do n't see the link . 
  germany is really often at the bottom of the classement , just before estonia and poland . 
  you succeeded rising co2 emissions with your energiewende , i do n't know how you can say it 's a success . 
  we are proud and arrogant in front of others only . 
  not it 's because germany use co, 
  etymology is no joke, 
   gays cause earthquakes wtf it 's the first time i hear about this one and it 's surely the most ridiculous, 
   considering far-left anarchists , marxists and communists around the world are among the most fervent supporters of conspiracy theories whilst at the same time most hardline atheists , i doubt there 's a correlation . 
  hmm , far-leftist usually do n't believe in conspiracy theory , because in their ideology there is absolutely no need for it . 
  the system is sufficient . 
  almost all conspis i 've seen on the net where far-right related , andleft thinkers tend to reject it . 
  but maybe it 's not the same everywhere . 
  too bad he was n't arrested , but still better than being free . 
  is n't franconia with the czecs on this map ? 
  stop fiscal optimization . 
  they seem working on it though . 
  found [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ru7l4kj7rc0 ) , this is hilarious ( in french ), 
  it 's look like you 're saying : i was in a shop of shoes for winter , there are so many , with furs , without , high , low etc , i could n't choose so i just bought flip flop, 
  you made me sad actually . 
  except for ireland , it seems we 've found the organiser of all these attacks !, 
  yup , except it goes through the netherlands before going to tax haven . 
  then they 're waiting an exception measure from the us government like lowering take rate ( bush did it ) for a few month to get their money back in the us . 
  the government get back some funds , the multinationals are happy not to pay too much . 
  you trigger me every times you comment but meh , you think whatever you want . 
  i heard that he was way more popular than gabriel both for spd voters and all germans . 
  in french this is weird btw . 
  pays-bas is how we call your country , but the people are called n\u00e9erlandais . 
  2002 in france : left and far left : 44,67 % ( jospin 16,18 % ) center right and right : 36,05 % ( chirac 19,88 % ) far right : 19,20 % ( le pen 16,88 % ) it seems it would indeed have been tied if the left was n't so divided . 
  also , the beautiful city of [ lyon ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/90/blason_ville_fr_lyon.svg/langfr-200px-blason_ville_fr_lyon.svg.png ), 
  go vote blanc . 
  otherwise it makes no difference with someone who just do n't care . 
  is n't a die linke , green and spd already possible ? 
  and they did n't found agreement ? 
  wow triple negation . 
  nuclear probably . 
  we also have a good part of hydroelectric for a long time too . 
  most effort were already done before climate change was an issue . 
  for the 49-3 you still need half of assembl\u00e9e not wanting to kick you out . 
  it is , but a lot is delegate to region , and communities and europe as well . 
  so the federal government does n't matter that much in everyday life policy . 
  seems easier to fix europe than to fix belgium . 
  quick , let 's stop all nuclear reactor to do coal backed renewables !, 
  it 's a classic debate , i thought no liberty for liberty 's enemy is pretty much the consensus . 
  it 's me or there is no campaign right now ? 
  here it started to be intensive like 8 month before , that 's surprising . 
  [ most serene reaction ever ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ai0a3nfdysy ), 
  honestly maduro is probably a piece of shit . 
  but let 's take a look a the `` oppositon '' . 
  - organize violent protest with bombs and firearm . 
  - try to spoil a process to get out of the crisis through the voting . 
  now , if you want to be the useful idiot securization of venezuelian oil supply by the us , stop pretending you do it for positive values or anything . 
  nobody thought this . 
  his electorate was : - centrists - right winger who did n't wanted to vote fillon after the scandals . 
  - right wing of the ps . 
  - unpoliticized crowd `` oh he seeks compromise he says he is neither left or right that 's a good attitude ! '', 
  - left winger not wanting fillon-le pen run off . 
  and sadly some `` oh he 's handsome '', 
  how many seats would that be ? 
  nobody thought ever . 
  [ sorry ] ( https://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2013/09/economist-explains-itself-0 ), 
  the contrary but yeah . 
  wait a month . 
  you played disinflation game , got plenty of benefit , from it , fine . 
  all of us playing it is shitty bottom race . 
  this . 
  macron speeches were actually masterpieces of emptiness and novlangue , it was almost beautiful . 
  buzz word ? 
  even first round actually . 
  i know plenty of lefty who did ` nt liked him a bit and voted against `` fillon-le pen '', 
  cough luxembourg, 
  i 'm not a fan of napol\u00e9on but napol\u00e9on iii wa a piece of shit . 
  all i had to do is to be born here so no but i do have a feeling of belonging . 
  you have no interest to eugenism i think .
