  it 's the other way around really . 
  if weenie is tiny it can go everywhere around , otherwise gravity is sufficient to aim in the right direction, 
  well , it 's not that difficult , i feel quie uncomfortable to say it here ...  whip it out you pull down your hose and underwear  hold it to aim not really  shake it to finish shaking your underwear beneath your balls as the same effect . 
   put it back inside in a comfortable position simply put your underwear up again . 
  i guess it depends wich underwear you have though, 
    at the same time , their low growth means that they could use some fiscal stimulus , which means deficit spending . 
   the only reason that this could be good is if you want to get under 60 % debt/gdp . 
  which is a bad rule anyway i have a dream that one day this continent will rise up and stop believing in ordoliberalism . 
  but apparently the youth on r/europe agree hard on that . 
   the only reason i can see to do that would be if , in fact , peolpe wanted more globalism , more neoliberalism and more attacks on public services . 
  but there is several trick , like saying you will oppose and in fact not really , like hollande did . 
  you can say that the far right party is high so you need to vote for them ( creating imo a vicious circle ) . 
  you can also rebrand everything to make people think sth is different ( ciudadanos , macron ), 
   99 % of the anti-eu people have no issues with `` europe '' as a continent and collection of people many will not want to do any political union per principle . 
   it 's the eu bureocracy that is deeply inadequate they have less worker than the paris city , i think this is hardly the problem . 
  austerity and liberalism written in the treaties and automatic rules is way more an issue , here at least . 
   spain could n't be more europeist imo this is a common trait with france and italy . 
  but while we were thinking uniting , others had no shame to do economical war or being more close with the us . 
  france is deeply europeist but the signing of the treaty of lisbon after we said no to the constitution ( mainly left antiliberal , helped indeed with right souverainist ) , plus when hollande said he was going to renegotiate budgetary treaties and di nothing has drive a growing anti eu sentiment . 
  but not anti-european !, 
  how hypocrite is your country ? 
  or how unskillfull are you in the toilet ? 
  because men , lets be honest , you do n't even need to touch yourself when you 're going to pee . 
  it 's not really ` foreign ', 
  i 'm pretty sure we have way better djs to offer than guetta . 
  nato is here to align europe 's policy with the american one and them to sell more weapons . 
  if they make such demand , bring us with them in destabilizing war , really what 's the point to stay in nato ? 
  the proposition power is decisive imo . 
  it does set the big orientations . 
  and i 'm pretty sure you would find strange that head of region 's decide the policy about the netherlands : you voted them for taking care of your region , not for other issues . 
  i expressed badly . 
  i mean we vote directly for the mp , and we vote indrectly for the senators . 
  it 's ok the senate is pretty much useless . 
  i did n't meant real direct democracy , even if i think it would be preferable . 
  for example i propose that this kind of propositions comes from the parliament instead of a meeting between head of states . 
  we know that this configuration tend sadly to behave like peace treaty negotiators . 
   the document signed in rome sets a new course for the eu when did we discussed about it ? 
  never . 
  like always head of states decides and the people have to say yes , but if we say no , they will only change the name . 
  a democracy can not be indirect . 
  it 's great , now we have greek slaves working for our banks !, 
  that 's the most awful strategy ever . 
  the good strategy is to make an alliance the night of the 1st round if neither are qualified to the second . 
  with a simple rule : the one first per circonscripton will have a single candidate, 
  yeah , that 's the basic move : make people afraid with facist to elect people and accept things against their interest . 
  if they come to power , no worry they 're corrupt af . 
  i let you inform more why usually a default is bad and why it would ` nt at all ( even * very * profitable ) if we make a default targeted on countries shares which have no means of persuasion whatsoever . 
  i did n't meant invasion , but selective default . 
  do you really think we 're going to pay your retirees pensions 's fund after decades of robbing ? 
  wha are you going to do ? 
  throw bikes ? 
  not more a problem than any other tax heaven here they have the full legal status and given legitimacy to fuck us . 
  well , it woud n't be a problem if they were not inside the eu, 
  yeah , be happy !, 
  do n't ask yourself the mecanism !, 
  get your pocket as full as you can before the eu 's death , because it 's what it is leading too . 
  but it might get back some strategic voters voting macron . 
  no , more money/tax reductions . 
  it 's as french as any french territory . 
  so in the eu . 
  i saw a poll , it was not the total population indeed , only the youth , but m\u00e9lenchon was the one performing better against le pen . 
  i see macron more pro us than independent europe, 
   like 90 % of / r/france , for some reason . 
  seriously , are n't you tired of complaining about that ? 
  it 's like half your activity on reddit . 
  more real debate or villages pictures and less whining please . 
  the goal of it for the americans is them selling us equipment that they produced . 
  that 's exactly what he 's saying, 
  call heard , not approved . 
  they talk about it a bit in the article . 
  though , an article really on this : http://www.dw.com/en/turkish-imam-spy-affair-in-germany-extends-across-europe/a-37590672, 
  yes , i made an edit to emphasize more on the fact that when i say religious nutcase , it does n't mean religious people are nutcase , but religious people who are nutcase . 
  though i would ` nt be surprise if some turkish mosques provide support for erdogan , as the government seems to use some imams as spies . 
  the article state that the vote will take place in a room who belong to the same , so concerns are understandable . 
  lmao , replace muslim with catholic and you have the fillon 's situation here . 
  though religious nutcase love when politician show their religion and do n't really care if it 's a tartuffe . 
  others , religious or not , do n't care about religion when it come to politics . 
  its just to make the vote in a mosque in order to favor the yes . 
  yes . 
  i 've put [ a translation of the article in the comments ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/609xow/constitutional_referendum_french_turks_refuse_to/df4m8es/ ) if you want . 
   in the previous turkish elections - in particular the 2015 legislative elections - the vote of all the turks of the 10 departments of the grand-east was gathered at the turkish consulate in strasbourg . 
  but this time , the services of the consulate argue that the premises are too small . 
  no you were right, 
  it 's not murica here . 
  moreover , in view of the tension between supporters of the `` yes '' and supporters of the `` no '' vote in the referendum , secular associations fear incidents if the vote takes place in premises that do not have all the guarantees of neutrality . 
  `` it is a way for the akp , erdogan 's party , to put pressure on opponents of the regime , and on voters who are not believers , '' analyzes h\u00e9l\u00e8ne dersin , the spokesman for the kurdish people in strasbourg . 
  `` psychologically , people will be embarrassed , some are not going to vote , and akp pro will feel much stronger , '' she adds . 
  the vote of turks abroad is a particularly sensitive issue . 
  5 million turks live outside the borders of the country . 
  in france , during the legislative elections of june 2015 , just over 50 % of the votes went to the islamic-conservative party , against only 40 % for the overall result . 
  on the other hand , democratic parties , including the people 's democratic party ( hdp ) , had far better results in france than in turkey : almost 30 % of the votes in france , compared with only 13 % in turkey . 
  four european countries - germany , the netherlands , austria and switzerland - banned on their territory meetings for the `` yes '' in which erdogan ministers were to participate , leading the latter to denounce the `` nazi practices '' of germany . 
  no objection on the part of france , who left a meeting in metz last sunday . 
  on the occasion of the april 16 referendum to strengthen the powers of president erdogan , a mosque in lyon will be transformed into a polling station for turkish voters in the region . 
  in strasbourg , it is also in the hall of a pro-erdogan religious group that the urns will be installed . 
  turkish democratic associations are protesting against this violation of the neutrality of the vote . 
  the constitution of the republic of turkey is explicit : for all elections , polling stations must be set up in neutral places , free from any connotation , political or religious . 
  the rule applies to turkish territory , it also applies to the turkish vote abroad . 
  however , this will not be the case in france in at least two regions : the grand-est , where 175,000 turks or franco-turks live , and the rh\u00f4ne-alpes region . 
  in lyon , the consulate of turkey asked the leaders of a religious center that houses a mosque , to empty several rooms to install the polling stations .
