  i do n't mean that i 'd know whether they are or are n't lying , and that 's the core problem , lack of trust . 
  if i ca n't trust to news-site , it 's main mission has just become irrelevant for me . 
  in the information era the amount of media and data is vaster than one could ever need , therefore the quality of it becomes number one priority . 
  i do n't need to go through every case file , i need to get a source which enjoys the international respect of being free and unbiased . 
  i 'd put the `` russia-heavy '' - sentiment in the original comment to be due to a bit stiff english skills , at least i got the vibe for that . 
  of course it 's not neutral on unbiased , but when a state with terrible media freedom and with a history of having plenty of not-that-subtle propaganda is generating media , there certainly will be a huge cloud of doubt hovering around it . 
  that 's why media freedom should be defended and cherished , because without it you 'll be like the boy who called the wolf for no reason too many times . 
  it 's true that it is n't the main reason , though i do n't know how is that supposed to change the views how the problem is perceived ? 
  i can pick any determining aspect of the ghetto : poverty , social stigma , drug abuse , criminal activities etc. 
  and claim it 's not the main reason . 
  yet still we are willing to combat any of the other aspects while religion-oriented troubles have a certain safe haven . 
  i have no problem condemning neither racist views or religion-based discrimination , regardless of the religion we are talking about . 
  and with monolith-thinking i get into a scenario where i ca n't judge anything : nothing in this world is ever a total and utter fault of a one single aspect , i.e. 
  `` not all nazis were bad '' - statement would get shot down the way it deserves , because though true , it 's irrelevant when too many actions in said group were atrocious . 
  same time closely responsible for cultivating the seeds which lead to cluster fuck in middle east , which it still is today . 
  not to forget other colonial actions in india , for example . 
  the positive view comes from the blood of others being stained abroad , instead of homeland , as with field marshall haig . 
  churchill , and how his actions are viewed reflect and indicate the state how well britain has faced its history ; positive presenting either poor general knowledge on the subject or some shady justification to part-taking to millions of dead lives . 
  edit : typo middle age -  middle east, 
  not that it even concerns me , but the idea of apology is to face the actions made in the past , in their true gruesomeness . 
  if i ask the general population of the uk about their opinion of churchill , what kind of answers do i get ? 
  this is an honest question , i really do n't know . 
  i assume this mentioned tax covers vat , the cheapest 0,33 l can of beer is around ~ 70 cents ( +15 cents to be obtained when returning the can ) , there is n't really any margin to be made as it is , let alone to tax it even more . 
  us is certainly no saint when it comes to afghanistan ( nor iraq nor libya for that matter ) , but all of them are a result of the clusterfuck in the middle east which started after collapse of ottoman empire . 
  the situation today is something ussr/russia has had its spoon in as well . 
  if you sum every party 's voters , which stand right from the center party you 'll get this kind of result . 
  this is so retarded , that this feels more `` far-rights '' attempt to make left look so ridiculous that they 'd post shit like this . 
  asshole speaking english and bad swedish checking in . 
  though one can follow the red line of german conversation quite well with that combo , better swedish might aid even more . 
  though comparison is hard , little sunlight with no d-vitamin supplements makes d-vitamin defiancy more and more common ... calsium does n't get digested without d-vitamin , and this was the case until they started to add d-vitamin to the milk . 
  tough to say what 's whats role , but the current osteoporosis - data is there due to policies made in 1950-1980 's . 
  well , yeah , i did allow my own perspective influence the statement too much ; the behavior of the public is indeed influenced by the amount of impact the war has to the country ... and in finland the during ww2 all major elections were stopped due to war ; 10 % + ( 530 000 of ~ 4 million ) of population in the front makes democracy hard to function . 
  the relative impact of war to the nation also impacts the public outcry from not-so-wanted incidents . 
  a lost plane , which was shot down in foreign airspace , when the state is in the state of total war sounds kind of irrelevant . 
  public can demand all it wants , during wartime the pleas of public are pretty much ignored unless they align with the state 's interests . 
  and individual planes during war do n't generate any kind of public outcry ... 
  i 'd see an inability to secure your borders and allow enemies using your territory more of an reason to intervene than declaration of no-fly zone to all and sticking with it . 
  realpolitik does n't function like that . 
  sure , you can get mad and force the smaller target pay a high price ... though that naturally draws resources from more essential areas of the war plus it 'll shake the neutrality , possibly making the said area function for the good of your enemy . 
  and all for what , arrogance of the leaders ? 
  finland declared neutrality , we had non-aggression pact with ussr , ussr did n't care to respect it , launched an invasion which turned a formerly neutral state to station itself against the invader in future . 
  the siege of leningrad , with it 's casualites topping over million lives could have been avoided , or at least it 's effects diminshed had the finno-russan front not existed at all . 
  and actually finland did piss off both sides , fought against soviets till 1944 and against germans after it ... 
  still resulted as an only at least semi-independent state in ussr 's western border , mostly because for soviets taking berlin was more important than playing games with finland after the initial offensive of summer 1944 was put into a halt . 
  it 's never about what 's possible , but what 's feasible . 
  edit : redefining the the siege of leningrad - statement . 
  ah , the beauty of every-day vocabulary, 
  and for some ussr made the very same decision . 
  glad there would n't be an referendum in that kind of scenario , 
  nope, 
  you do n't defend the country with a sheer manpower and will . 
  unfied army would essentially mean having a top notch gear and technology behind all your units + extra units elsewhere in case of a grave need . 
  for example , i do n't think anyone but finns would be eager to defend finland in a large scale , but having skies clear with european air forces and assembling enemy units under constant bombardment alongside with other military tools certainly helps the war effort . 
  i do n't see how the case with greece would be any different . 
  ( plus the natural deterrent factor of combined militaries , not even taking that into consideration here ), 
  our depressed people kill themselves , easy to stay in the top of the charts , 
  there 's no large rivers coming in or coming out ( enough to keep the water in motion , but not enough to make sudden floods ) and the lakes are relatively shallow in general . 
  the area in general is relatively common in finnish landscape , [ filled with small , shallow lakes ] ( https://www.google.fi/maps/@61.8852924,28.9105981,56375m/data=!3m1!1e3 ), 
  guess my message can be understand in different ways ... with `` country x '' i meant a trivial country that uses conscription ( and especially finland due to flair ) . 
  i did n't mean russia with it . 
  i 'm fairly certain i 'm located in finland and unless i 'm psychotic , i did my time 2/12 in pori brigade . 
  conscription is there due to being the most feasible as a current solution for the country x ( or at least it 's so for finland ) . 
  no one gives a damn about conscription once another , more feasible system replaces it . 
  conscription is n't a law of nature . 
  crimea is strategically important to ~ ~ russia because of its access to black sea . ~ ~ putin because of its capability to keep uneducated masses in nationalistic fervor and generate foreign enemies , so the oligarchy and internal problems can remain in the shadows . 
  check the world map , the access to black sea is utter bullshit . 
  without problems in internal politics fixed what would prevent similar referendum and following clusterfuck to happen within near future again ? 
  i do n't think any member wants for uk to leave either , per se , but the current situation has caused expenses all over the european economies ; this kind of `` yes , no , yes , no '' - child-play would be unacceptable when pan-european trust and cohesion is being built . 
  well , might have something to do with me being some 200-300 meters from swiss-liechtenstein - border , 
  i see your point , and i can assure you it happens everywhere . 
  i was just in switzerland , similar feelings tended to come up especially with the prime conditions of roads and damn new car pool on them ... and then i heard the same exact envious and slightly bitter statement , when the swiss were talking about liechtenstein and their vast monetary assets . 
  according to the map it was the vikings who made you to `` suck it '' , 
  you are mixing the terms socialism and communism ; the claim was about socialism , you are using the term communism . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , ussr never claimed to be communist , but rather trying to pursue towards it , as an socialist state ( union of soviet socialist republics , same stuff in russian ) . 
  communism was the official goal of soviet socialism , in practice we all know how easily people in power tend to give away that power ; a cynical person might say it was a hoax all along . 
   off topic but can i just thank you for remaining factual and diplomatic , it 's rare to find in r/europe and i 'm enjoying this discussion . 
  what a warm thing to say , thank you likewise . 
   i just would like every country to be held to the same moral accountability , but that is obviously impossible as people ( including myself ) are inherently biased and susceptible to the appeal of different historical narratives , regardless of whether it is historically accurate or not . 
  indeed , that path is hard to change and the way human empathy functions does n't help it either ; the events which are and which happen to people closer to us are always getting an amplifier when comparing to action happening far-far away . 
  and naturally the alienating of fellow people of each other is a tool of propaganda as well , making `` them '' less connected to `` us '' . 
  changing the world is impossible , but being aware of the perspective of others and trying to board them while keeping one 's own mind open will always help an individual . 
  i can say i did learn something from this , thank you for that . 
   agreed , but it is morally hypocritical to single russia out for this . 
  from the perspective of cherishing or not the replacement of totalitarian dictatorship over another the actions of colonialism tend to fall over to the bucket of whataboutism . 
  but you are absolutely right , western europe has n't been atoning or admitting the same stuff either , neither has japan for that extent . 
  this mentality can indeed be found pretty much everywhere , but i still would n't like to find it acceptable . 
  though then again , no one cares if , for example , the british remember and honor churchill while bengal famine of 1943 competes with the holocaust in victims , which churchill himself dared to put it on indians for `` breeding like rabbits '' . 
  that is hypocritical indeed ... but one could try to pursue being over this kind of things ? 
  look at the present , not to past and so on . 
   every single russian had ancestors who fought in this war , so to them it is so intimately persona yeah , so do we , so does everyone in eastern europe . 
  one can respect and honor the ultimate sacrifice of them in a way which does not insult the victims of their actions . 
  there 's no `` good '' and `` bad '' in real life ; especially not in war . 
  people do what they can to survive , and that 's brutal ... but it 's not an act of heroism , it 's an act of survival , not in any side . 
   i think the people who are essentially telling russians that their family are bad people . 
  people say nasty stuff when provoked . 
  however , the main provocation here is the one-sided story in general : germany has done a lot to atone and admit the crimes of it 's past , russia as a predecessor of ussr does not , not at least in the same extent . 
  one can cherish the victory day , but without similar cherishment to the truthful historical narrative ( like ussr being the quite a warmonger itself as well before germany invaded it ) the balance is off and it becomes to bending the history . 
   trump launches missiles on syrian military base , people are killed . 
  so you are observing the individual incident in the clusterfuck of middle east , and try to form an argument out of it ? 
  honestly now , we both know middle east has no one side to blame for the current situation , why are you trying to polarize the conversation ?
