yeah , though i really doubt russia cutting gas from europe ... 
  whole russian economy is based on exporting gas and oil and more russia burns bridges to the west more dependent it becomes of china ( aka becomes china 's puppet ) . 
  and as already said here , finland would n't be in as deep shit as the article makes it understand ... 
  but naturally , paper lives on people clicking the article ... and more interesting article means more clicks on it . 
  glad to hear , comments like that heat me up as well , 
   in much the same way there has n't been a single capitalist free market . 
  do n't fall into that trap . 
  indeed , that 's why i do n't use such terms , at all . 
  but the difference being capitalist free market could exist , communist dictatorship could not . 
   socialism happened because the living conditions afforded to the people during industrialisation were absolutely horrific . 
  the bolsheviks , however , despite the name , were not a representative of the majority of the russian people . 
  bolsheviks had pretty huge support , and for a reason , red army was bigger than white army at every point of the civil war , even with allied intervention to support whites . 
   when has russia been a power for good on the international stage ? 
  good and bad belong to fairly tales , every side fights for it 's interests and media justifies actions of both sides . 
  i could answer stuff like `` in the 50 's '' which you could just counter with `` that 's socialist propaganda '' and then say your own version , which i could just say `` that 's capitalist propaganda '' ... the whole thing would leave nowhere . 
   nato protects the interests of the free world , and those interests are that as many people as possible are free , because according to our ideology , that makes all of us prosperous . 
  so putting up far-right wing military juntas to south america in fear of socialism was `` protecting the interests of free world '' . 
  i do n't know how you define freedom , but i would n't consider nazi germany , for example , being an epitome of freedom . 
  what ideology states and what it does are 2 completely different things : like putin states russia is now officially `` defending interests of russians abroad '' while clearly russia 's actions tell about trying to overthrow this new government in ukraine . 
  and by the way , so does anarchy make us all prosperous ; that 's what ultimate freedom would be ? 
  there has n't been a single communist dictatorship ever . 
  the whole `` communist dictatorship '' is a paradox . 
  let me ask you this : do you think socialist revolutions around the world happened for no reason , without support of their people ? 
  if picking sides is n't difficult , why is n't whole world part of nato ? 
  or could there be a possibility that maybe world is n't as black and white as you try to claim it to be ? 
  self-determination as long as it fits with foreign policies of us . 
  i can give you dozens of examples what have been the consequences caused by nato when those differing policies have collided , few of them being actions of us in south america during cold war . 
  however , do n't get me wrong , i 'd most likely support finland 's nato membership , mainly due to history and values , but attempt to divide world to `` good nato '' and `` evil russia/china etc. '', 
  is just plain wrong . 
  oh , had never heard about x3m + swedish spoken so i made an assumption it to be a swedish station . 
  yeah , i know we have swedish as second official language but still ... hearing it so rarely it does n't even cross to my mind that we might possibly be in finland when swedish is spoken . 
  thanks for correction . 
  long eye-contact does n't really reflect about dominance , more like about unstable mind or totally empty mind ( so you are held as a nutcase or an idiot ) . 
  you do n't show your dominance with a stare , but with a nasty look , which lasts for less than a second . 
  your eyes must deliver the message `` anything you do which involves me has consequences '' in it . 
  then you both can keep on going side by side watching the opposite directions . 
  sure you can , you might just get a nasty look from him  then it 's up to you how do you react to that : do you rather avoid it and stay standing , or do you just ignore him while you sit down and avoid eye-contact for rest of the trip or do you give a nasty look back . 
  jokes aside , this clip is swedish made about finland ... so of course they making fun of finland , juts like finland would be making fun of sweden . 
  brotherlike rivalry/joking . 
  in reality it 's ok to greet and thank ... only thing to avoid is small talk and long eye-contact , 
  holding the ground , especially the cities is pretty damn hard if people want to resist you . 
  and believe me , nation as stubborn as finland is willing to resist possible invader , polls show constantly about strong will to support the defense forces and keeping the service mandatory . 
  the idea of guerrilla warfare is n't to be supported by the government . 
  why would it be dependent on something it 's not even supposed to be dependent on ? 
  even the elderly can throw a grenade ... even a child can operate an assault rifle . 
  of course the cities would turn into a devastating warzone , but when we are discussing about `` credibility '' of the defenses , the will to defend has a major factor in it . 
  finland being between larger party powerplay ? 
  how ? 
  russia has enough nukes to end all life from earth , and they have their dead hand-program ready to revenge any possible nuclear attack on russia . 
  i can hardly see any major power being able to seriously threat russia ( or any other superpower ) without an upcoming nuclear war . 
  in case of nuclear war , no one will give a fuck about finland , or any other country ... it 's too damn total . 
  no ... there 's no way that kind of powerplay would be played in the near presence of any superpower , it would ( and it has ) be ( been ) a fight of 2 sides in some 3rd world country where both sides support other side in last 50 years . 
  nuclear weapons really have bring stability to the world . 
  finland survived from the continuation war due to stalin willing to rush to berlin before western allies + due to the fact the grand offensive of summer 1944 was countered ( new offensive would have needed preparations , resources and time , which stalin did n't have ) . 
  finland 's wealth is built by it 's people , if invader does n't want a wasteland the infrastructure should stay . 
  what comes to geopolitical situation , it does n't really matter anymore , as already explained , superpowers ca n't be fighting each other directly . 
  geopolitical location was important in 1940 's , but not anymore . 
  i repeat : only think which makes finland worth more than let 's say , a slice of sahara is the infrastructure and the people which are willing to keep the country running . 
  destroy infrastructure and turn people against you and you have absolutely nothing . 
  finland 's credible military comes from the people . 
  of course certain countries ( * cough * russia * cough * ) could take over finland , but as long as people are unwilling to give up , holding the ground is a nasty business , and especially in finland 's case where the wealth of nation comes from the people , and not from natural resources ( like oil ) . 
  credible military does n't mean `` big enough to stop anything '' but `` big enough to cause enough damage to make possible gains from assault futile '' . 
  i ca n't either see any military threats against finland at the moment , but i 'm not arrogant enough to believe i can see the future , like you seem to do . 
  in 1938 minister cajander ripped the military budget of finland to pieces as `` war was nowhere to be seen '' . 
  in same year prime minister of gb declared `` peace for our time '' . 
  `` the ones who ca n't learn from history are doomed to repeat it '' said some wise man once . 
  you ca n't possibly know the state of world politics in , let 's say , 10 years . 
  yet still , gladly , the most probable scenario is pretty peaceful ... but can you be sure ? 
  if invader bombs infrastructure to shreds , the value of finland is close to zero . 
  these tanks are n't for militarists but for people who are n't arrogant clowns and are able to see that future is never crystal-clear . 
  and naturally there was somewhat pro-german attitude within the population as well , after all germans had helped with the independence in 1917 and hardcore communists had moved to ussr in early 1930 's already . 
  to top it off with finland not knowing about hitler `` selling '' finland to ussr 's sphere of influence , germany ( or axis ) being the only place where help against ussr could have been obtained ( as you said ) and germany also being glad to help finland in 1940 ( as enemy of my enemy is my friend , the grudge towards ussr in finnish population was quite deep after winter war and whole peace treaty of winter war was n't really appreciated in finnish population in 1940 ... easy to just throw weaponry to that kind of situation and see them do their job ) . 
  all in all , finland had motivation and men to wage war against ussr in 1941 ( especially if a larger country would do the same at the same time ) , germany was glad to help with the industrial side of it . 
  edit : fixing a year-typo, 
  drinking `` culture '' also does n't consist eating while drinking ( alcohol lowers blood sugar even more , advocating violent behavior ) as much as in western europe and there [ this ] ( http://www.iflscience.com/editors-blog/outrageous-drunken-behavior-linked-genetic-mutation ) thing . 
  then again , i ca n't help but wonder the statistics as well . 
  why is northern finland and finnish karelia one gump , then a belt of `` no-homicides '' and ~ helsinki area and western finland ? 
  the differences in colours are also odd : < 1 ; 1-1 ,5 ; 1,5-2 ,5 ; 2,5-7 and  7 . 
  and what do those numbers represent ? 
  total number of homicides ? 
  ratios per x ? 
  true , but same time caffeine pills cost ~ 3 $ / 100 pieces of 100mg and cheapest sodas/juices are way cheaper than that . 
  well ... no , not really . 
  kids drink coffee as well , having a cup of that plus glass of soda/juice is pretty much same as an energy drink . 
  that just sounds kind of surreal . 
  i could n't imagine anyone living with their whole family ( as in multiple generations ) in one house here , but then again i do understand that 's just a cultural thing here . 
  that 's also a bit more modern thing , that 's how people lived some hundred years ago ... but as for my grandparents , all 4 also moved out in their early 20 's in 1950 's . 
  but the `` control '' part is n't really a same thing whit every person , the lust for sweet is affected by quite a large amount of hormones and genetic status . 
  not like i want to give anyone a free-pass with `` it 's in my genes '' - kind of way , but we tax tobacco and alcohol for similar reasons ; it only punishes people who ca n't control . 
   the reason why northern sweden was so sparsely populated and insignificant was and is due to its poor climate for farming . 
  if finland was as fertile as southern sweden or germany , there would have been civilization long before swedes claimed it . 
  there was civilization before sweden , nothing like an european empire - kind of civilization , but plenty of fortresses and tribes with own kings and own power structure . 
   and such a small population could have migrated to better areas suited more for agriculture . 
  could , but did n't . 
  people do n't migrate solely because of agricultural reasons plus the `` poor state of farmland '' is an average ; there was plenty of decent farmland as well , some of which was given for swedish nobles to control the area , for example . 
  it 's not like whole finland was a total swamp in permafrost while southern sweden enjoys the everlasting sunshine and joy . 
   i am questioning the claim that finns are germanic , which they are n't . 
  ah , okay , did n't really even mean to claim that . 
  the main `` move waves '' came from the west and the east , the german part was more of an industrial and economical factor , lots of the initial industry during swedish empire in finland has it 's roots in middle-european artisan or so . 
  these things also can be seen in the demographics , though naturally not as largely as scandinavian or eastern influence .
