  weapon-systems function as a part of the unit as well , it does n't matter that much anymore if a standard infantry-man is n't able to effectively shoot the target : him being there halts the enemy from advancing as well , he is n't completely useless . 
  i 'm not saying conscription-based military is on par with professional one , especially when comparing units . 
  but i can assure you that without insane budgets the professional military is utterly useless : the more money military has , the less dependent it is on its soldiers attributes . 
  the 95 % effectiveness sounds ... hard to prove , at least . 
  how do they register that kind of data , by asking `` did you aim at the enemy ? '', 
  or what ? 
   so even if you got people who know how to shoot and even understand tactics but is simply not trained to murder based on instinct then you will have really bad time against an opponent that does have all of that . 
  why would this be the case ? 
  the training in either case solely focuses on pulling the trigger as a reflex , not to ponder what are the consequences of it . 
  naturally with professional military the people who are in it are far more selected than the clusterfuck of conscription . 
  the effectiveness in modern army is naturally in the possibility of the larger finance on technology/unit , not to mention militaries like the us 's which have insane budgets , allowing all the cool toys to be available anytime . 
  this kind of approach just is n't suitable for every nation . 
  in ww2 the percentage you mentioned soundes awfully high , i 've understood it 'd be something between 20-25 % ; the most successful militaries being the ones who were able to make this percentage higher ( waffen-ss with its fanatic devotion etc. ) . 
  this factor , however , is n't tied to a `` proper '' training , i at least have n't seen any data backing up the increase of this percentage in professional armies ; the key factor has been more money/unit , allowing the action happen through virtual reality ( as in driving a tank is like playing a game , joysticks are stuff ) . 
  this same reason is why artillery is still the root-cause of 80 % of casualties in the eastern ukraine : if you ca n't see the death you caused directly , it 's way easier to fool the psyche of the individual . 
  yeah , and i stated my disagreement with the idea of relevant aspects in the importance of conscription : the current era being relatively peaceful is n't an important factor when pondering the relevance of conscription . 
  if you start conscripting when it 's necessary it might be too late by then . 
  value of that is entirely different topic though , like what 's the worth of independence of the country , how large human toll is the nation ready to pay for it etc. . . no objective truths there . 
  depends on the population of the country/size of the country/goals of the military ( i.e. 
  is whole country even supposed to be defended etc. ), 
  that `` longer war '' becomes a reality far faster than you can train new reserves without functional infrastructure and organization which does so . 
  those who are `` willing '' can be dead within days/weeks . 
  and in the time of turmoil it 's too late to yearn for a proper army . 
  the questions of today are whether large conscription army is able to mobilize itself quickly enough if it 's needed . 
  the scale in the topic is within days , not within years , which is needed to build an army from scratch . 
  it 's more of an insurance , as it 's quite hard to effectively see to future . 
  aah fuck , edited the `` in europe '' away from there but did n't remember it . 
  for norway i forgot , for those i did n't mean them in . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  that depends completely on the amount of given money . 
  but at the same time societies will have to change within decades/centuries . 
  the moment value of human labor diminishes to be next to nothing , the society does n't really have any other chance than socialism as an fair way to divide the material goodness . 
  meanwhile , before we get to the human work being absolutely worthless , the work of increasing amount of people will lose its value . 
  universal income is a safety net for this transition , easily modifiable for the needs of the time . 
  in practice there 's no difference between a welfare and universal income , larger incomes would still see itself taxed more harshly , negating the effect of the universal income for those who do n't need it . 
  but we have undergone the unique position of balancing between the west and east in the main political theater of the cold war . 
  ussr did n't have any other non-warsaw pact countries bordering them during the cold war in europe . 
  naturally it 's an important distinction from occupation/annexation , but it 's still the core difference the article makes between finland and the rest here . 
  every other point the article states , like the state of education , is only possible due to avoiding the direct rule from kremlin . 
  edit : added the `` in europe '', 
  well , there 's a fair share of total idiots in every country . 
  though the american lack of knowledge of outside world is a stereotype , i , and many othwers , would n't really make any prejudice against americans based on resent voting results . 
  results are what they are , and i 'm far more interested in the `` why '' than the `` what '' around the subject in the first place . 
  automation and ai are coming , whether west likes it or not . 
  if west is unable to react and change along with the time , it 'll crumble and something new will emerge . 
  `` what is fair ? '', 
  is damn important question regardless of the time ; by failing to balance it will generate incidents like of russia 1917 . 
  automation , ai , development of science and engineering are the salvation of mankind in the long run , as long as interference of our primitive instincts do n't destroy us first . 
  that 's what happens when gold is under permafrost while forests are plenty . 
  i doubt us would be ready to give up on the position of being the one who makes the calls . 
  at that point i would assume nato to dissolve as a thing of the past . 
  europe certainly could do all that , finding political will for it is another thing . 
  it 's like giving grain as development aid ; sure it helps by providing food , but same time it demolishes the markets around the grain-production . 
  what is stopping a nation to decline the offer of free food ? 
  nothing , but it 's damn hard to find political will for it . 
  the alliance is one-sided in this aspect , that 's true . 
  however , i do find that `` mutually beneficial relationship '' was n't really a status quo at any point . 
  prior ww2 europe leading the way , after it us determining the direction , a shift of power within few years in a timeline of 200 years . 
  i know europe relies really heavily on us , and that 's one of the factors which hinders the future eu-level co-operation in the military . 
  europe spends enough to the military to keep interests of europe in the europe under control , if that ca n't be managed with current funding , it 's problem of management ( = problem with unity and co-operation ) , not a problem of finance . 
  about offering nothing ... well , i would n't call cleaning the aftermath of clusterfucking middle east as `` nothing '' . 
  europe puts up and overlooks decent amount of bullshit in exchange . 
  value of that is a subjective matter , though . 
  i would love to see europe being able to hold on it 's own in terms of military , not by increasing the spending but by unifying it . 
  that wo n't happen as long as us is willing to fund the system which hinders it . 
  when nations agreed to nato the 2 % target ( note : target , not a requirement ) did n't exist . 
  now people are trying to make the target into a requirement after the agreed deal was made . 
  naturally these deals can be renegotiated , and possibly even should , but it 's not a one-sided call what nato should and should n't do . 
  another way to look at your example : if i pay the charity amount x , and then suddenly dude y insists to pay 2x , the y ca n't suddenly start whining why he pays 2x while rest pay x. 
  ( carpool does n't function well , it has a fixed price , instead of nato which is as influential as it 's members want ) . 
  please , first read what nato is about , what has been agreed and what has n't and after it come up with your conclusions . 
  now you are just making shit up as you wish , disregarding the facts , presenting `` alternative truth '' , being the epitome of what is wrong with this era of unlimited information . 
  finland is n't even in nato , but in all honesty , do you think us spends utterly insane amounts of money to it 's military because without it nato would n't have credibility ? 
  us plays imperial powerplay in the world stage , that does n't come cheap , and that 's why money is being spent ; not because luxemburg is n't spending its fair share to nato collective . 
  i would love to see us drop its military spending to 1 % , it 'd still be few times larger than that of china 's . 
  it might also reflect some decent changes in the european side as well , entwining european militaries closer together ... plus hopefully making us policies a bit more human to it 's own people in terms of healthcare and education , though that might be wishful thinking due to rotten politics . 
  but as we all know , us is n't going to do that , interests around the world require monetary influence , trying to turn the current state to be somehow novel and moral thing to do just is n't going to work to anyone sane . 
  soviet economy was n't really that abysmal in the 50 's and early 60 's , a worthy opponent for the us economy . 
  but from that it was just a constant downfall , and the said abysmal economy was one of the core reasons which doomed soviet union to collapse . 
  gdansk is indeed a beautiful city with a rich history and plenty to see , especially if one is ready take a train or bus outside gdansk as well , gdynia beach , stutthof concentration camp and hel peninsula were also interesting places . 
  flights from turku ( finland ) to gdansk during workweek costs from 15 $ onwards , train to helsinki would be around 20 $ ... so practically nothing . 
  been there 3 times with different friend groups and once with my significant other ... and will be back again , at some point . 
  motti tactics were n't really a planned tactic , more like a result of only rational way to combat a huge column with a lack of proper firepower . 
  not enough indirect fire to destroy the column , but enough to deprive the enemy from food by shooting the field-kitchens and sleep by keeping a constant fire by individual mortars ; a boom keeps you awake . 
  no food and no sleep in -40 c makes the conditions pretty inhumane . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhrndb0ozec&amp;t=2s ) for the interested ones . 
  well , as it stands , they do deserve being in nato , as they are there . 
  a matter of fact , not an opinion . 
  a pact ca n't be changed with onesided call , or it 'll be negated . 
  you are talking about moral obligations ( of which i would partly agree , but that 's just my subjective opinion as well ) , i 'm sticking strictly with the legal ones . 
  you are a thick one , are you . 
  the moment nato member is occupied without a proper retaliation , nato becomes obsolete . 
  most likely new defense pacts would arise from the ashes of the old ones , but nato would be gone . 
  which in practice means leaving nato . 
  though you do have a point as article 5 is really shady , it really does n't obligate anyone to do anything more than `` helping as they see fit '' when a member is under attack . 
  though allowing a member to be occupied by a foreign force and not doing enough to stop it would make nato quite obsolete , therefore being pretty much the same as `` leaving nato '' - option . 
  but that 's completely different thing , treaty does n't function by having one-sided say what the treaty is about . 
  whole 2 % - bitching is just a prime example of being utterly clueless what nato is about and what nato has agreed upon . 
  if us does n't want to `` freeload '' nato members , it leaves us pretty much just one possible thing to do : to leave nato . 
  every other whining and bitching is just plain stupidity , which does n't have any legal basis .
