  why do you have to force `` finns '' being a single entity from a single place , when that 's just not the case . 
  finnish population of today is a different mix of influences than the initial tribal hunter-gatherers who came to the area god-knows how many years ago , though most of the genetic studies focus solely on the groups with that isolated background . 
   there was no need since scania and pomeria were conquered , which provided with even more fertile lands for agriculture . 
  also most migrations were in the coasts ( the swedish speaking parts of finland ) . 
  so what are you questioning now ? 
  whether this movement inside swedish empire to finland happened at all or what ? 
  yes , most went to the coast , and it 's stayed so : the western shore of finland is heavily more swedish-speaking than rest of finland . 
  point in this being ? 
   hmmm , south america , ireland , scotland ? 
  these countries did n't face an aggressive implementation of new language ? 
  swedish empire did n't really give a damn about finnish peasants , language of the nobles , law , education etc. 
  was latin or swedish , finnish was useful in nothing but person-to-person conversation . 
   again , finland was very isolated and the lands were too poor for farming . 
  migrations happened mostly from north to south . 
  going further north would be idiotic . 
  hundreds of years of farming in area tell otherwise . 
  of course farming anywhere north of mediterranean is suboptimal , but not like it could n't be done . 
  sweden is n't that different from corp-perspective , and was still able to be a great player in european playground . 
  you also have to remember that these `` migration waves '' are n't large compared to real migration waves , but few thousand people who move in 1200 's make a real difference in today 's demographics . 
  there just was n't that much people . 
  so are you questioning the existence of this movement now ? 
   did n't you read my example ? 
  what about this source ? 
  the source still groups `` finns '' as one , which is wrong by default . 
  unless it 's speaking of the ancient finno-ugric people who came to the area after the ice age , but then again people with that background are n't forming whole finland . 
   acctualy the swedes moved out from the coasts of finland due to the black plague , since there was more land available in their home country , which was more fertile than finland . 
  this is why finland did n't change their language to swedish . 
  black plague and finnish war of 19th century has few hundred years between them . 
  plenty of time and events for population migration , you know . 
  there has been quite a few `` move-waves '' in history , when considerable amount of people compared to the original locals have come to live here . 
   vague concept , what about the language ? 
  if finns are so germanic , why did they change their language to something incomprehensible in relation to germanic languages or indo european languages ? 
  what ? 
  you do n't just `` change '' the language of the area with a divine will , it 's practically impossible without mass-exterminations and aggressive implementation of new language , which never happened . 
  finnish certainly is a finno-ugric language , originating somewhere from the volga ... 
  but you now seem to mix together the roots of the people who got here first ( finno-ugric people from the east ) and the current status of the population , which is way different due to migration movement . 
  well , a layman as well , the y chromosome indeed comes the paternal lineage ... but what 's the problem with it : it 's the same way the y-haplogroups of other men function , making the percentage of haplogroup quite an accurate picture : western finland marks the peak of old norse ancestry , making your claims of `` finnish skulls being different '' and `` finnish roots being different '' upright wrong . 
  area today called finland has had 3 main direction where people have come from : old swedish empire , germany and russia . 
  naturally people from sweden mainly settled to western parts of area , people from today 's russia to eastern parts , and german influence mainly to the larger cities in terms of merchandise and industry . 
  claiming finns are x '' in any subject regarding the roots in pre-national identity ( ~ pre 19th century ) is always wrong , people of finland today consist heavily on different area 's which have influenced this area . 
  [ right-o ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haplogroup_i-m253 ), 
  more like so fancy the amount fdf needs would bankrupt whole budget . 
  archer is a real beauty as far as artillery platforms go . 
   but the head damage shows quickly , in tests taken by the hospital . 
  well ... not really , standard ct - or mri-scans do n't reliably show brain damage , nor can predict how the recovery will proceed , in acute phases they pretty much only show edema or blood . 
  clinical remarks and neurological symptoms are the things which determine the majority of medical decisions on the subject . 
  interesting case , and clearly a tough one for justice department to make a just call for , thanks for sharing . 
  even smallest traumas to head can indeed have catastrophic consequences , sutures of the head can also be quite weak , [ pterion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pterion ) being the prime example . 
  so if one must hit another person , people should do it anywhere else but head . 
   what i can \u00b4 t understand is why you feel the need to dictate if pointing out the fact that the victim was young is irrelevant or not . 
  i am not a journalist reporting on this case in a neutral tone , i am sharing how i feel about this in reddit . 
  what \u00b4 s wrong with you ? 
  he had his whole life in front of him , and it was robbed from him by a bunch of human scum . 
  i can point out the tragedy of that if i want to , ffs . 
  because by pointing out irrelevant facts regarding on the subject , you are pumping out some sort of emotional side story to the incident , therefore possibly making it seem worse than it actually was , therefore possibly giving out coloured image of the subject and by doing so in reddit , you are possibly spreading a half-truth . 
  so what 's wrong with me ? 
  nothing much , all i want is to stick with solid facts when discussing about an event , especially a politically motivated one . 
  by looking the event through pink lenses you are in risk of making it to be something it 's not . 
  but in all honesty , how do you cope with all the other tragedies in the world , if a death of someone you do n't know ( i presume ? ), 
  rocks your boat so much that you do n't see anything wrong with colouring the image the way you please ? 
  yeah , tragic to the people who know him , but not really to anyone else . 
  some 150 000 people die daily around the world , many of them young as well . 
  so i repeat : the shock here comes due to * reason * he died , not due to the fact he died . 
   the police refuses to say if his death was direct consequence of what happened earlier . 
  it 's not police 's job to be able to give statements about that , they do n't have medical training . 
  naturally it 's most likely the reason ( it 's not like 28-year old 's get ich 's on daily basis normally ) , but in order to prosecute one would have to be able to show the certain link , i 'm afraid that may turn out to be tricky , not sure how legal process works in this kind of situations . 
  it 's like a lung cancer of a chain smoker , really hard to actually prove the cancer is there due to smoking . 
   poor guy . 
  only 28-years-old . 
  this is really shocking . 
  shocking part is the possibility of political violence , which is somewhat non-existent usually , the fact he was 28 year-old is irrelevant . 
  i 'd assume `` fear '' is a better word than `` hate '' . 
  you know , russian minority 's interests in kremlin can easily be out of proportion , especially if political landscape in russia demands quickly shifted public opinion on any country . 
  by removing possibility to dual-citizenship this would no longer be a problem . 
  i wonder if you 're recalling [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haplogroup_i-m253 ) thing , i have no further knowledge about the subject though :p, 
  well that depends quite heavily on the type of cancer one is getting . 
   it is a matter of arguing and context to say what is left and right . 
  this is the core difference i see . 
  i want exact definitions to them , therefore i 'm ready to just pass conflicting data away . 
  as in if `` liberal '' can be in right or in left , it does n't belong in right-left axis at all . 
   what characterizes a `` right '' and a `` left '' economical standpoint then ? 
  i 'd consider far-right to me some sort of anarcho-capitalism . 
  no public sector , all private ... and with that logic far-left being no private sector , only the public one . 
  every economical distribution of wealth goes between them . 
  quite heavy stereotyping , there 're both conservative and liberal right-wing parties , as there are both conservative and liberal left wing parties . 
  but yeah , maybe statistically so . 
  yet still i would n't dare to consider any self-proclaimed leftist to be progressive just based on the word `` leftist '' . 
   do n't agree that the right-left political scale is only about economical standpoints . 
  could you tell me what else it presents ? 
   however the nazis did spend basically all of the money on the military . 
  if that is n't far right economics , i do n't know what is . 
  soviets had fairly large military budget as well , are they far-right now as well ? 
  more suicides -  less unhappy people duh, 
  well , yeah , far-right is pretty much solely used because their archenemy , ussr , presented far-left . 
  nazi ideology is quite centrist economy wise , the `` far '' - term does n't even reflect anything economically here ... which it should , as whole right-left - axis is about economical stand points , nothing more . 
  even if we 'd combine liberal-conservative - axis to it , it still does n't reflect ideologies very accurately . 
  it 'd need way more axis than that . 
  for fucks sake , how is this not common sense ? 
  because the best of uk is n't dependent on uk alone . 
  uk would gain a lot by enslaving millions of people with a threat of nuclear holocaust , but why does n't it do it ?
