  hint : other countries and their weight to the status of uk . 
  how can honestly so many people even question this ? 
  this is primary school level common sense . 
  no one in this world can do anything that affects many negatively , is solely good for one and assume there wo n't be any serious consequences caused by the said `` many '' . 
  well duh , naturally they stopped selling iron ore when the state they were selling it to ceased to exist . 
  so poor that they had the [ 7th largest gdp per capita ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/economy/gdp-per-capita-in-1950 ) in 1950 . 
  having your infrastructure standing and not having lost huge amount of workforce in war most certainly also helps to keep economy afloat . 
  sweden made fortune by being able to stay neutral and selling iron ore to germany ( nearly half of german war machine had its steel made from swedish iron ) . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
   not wanting to start that debate all over again , but unless such a method `` to do something about nuclear waste '' is in fact devised , and as long as we do n't have any better idea than to dump it into the russian tundra or down old salt mines where it rots in crates uncontrollably , we should respectfully step back from this technology . 
  well , partly agreed . 
  we should pursue towards other possibilities , but i disagree with the reasons . 
  the lack of usable ores is a problem , risk of terrorism is a problem , but nuclear waste is just a teeny-tiny problem of a current era . 
   it 's very irresponsible to task future generations ( `` within the next 100 years '' ) to come up with a way to solve that problem , while we binge on the benefits of nuclear energy . 
  is n't that the mindset reddit usually loves to hate whenever the `` fuck baby boomers '' debate comes up ? 
  golden age of ai is coming , future generations wo n't have to solve these problems themselves . 
  i ca n't comment on the sentiment of reddit 's hivemind . 
  but yeah , i 'd love to see the potential of solar power or fusion to be pursued , both will most likely be at the key role in future 's power supply . 
  but still i 'd consider the freight of nuclear fission to be largely the fear of unknown . 
  yeah , they are building the disposal place . 
  however , no construction can last for the duration of the decay , therefore i 'm utmost certain it 'll be recovered at some point , either to be moved or used . 
  i 'd put my bet on use - side . 
  30 000 years ago there was pretty much nothing on human-made on this planet , in the last 100 years world has completely changed . 
  i ca n't comprehend how it could be possible to have to wait millions ( 1000 000 ) of years for nuclear waste to just decay . 
  yeah , nuclear physics follow the rules of joe 's common sense and his brain . 
  nuclear waste is still so resource-filled it 'd be utter idiocy not to see the potential in it . 
  thinking innovation will stop here and nothing new will come regarding the subject is the epitome of populism , especially as we are stepping into golden age of ai soon enough . 
   byproducts you have to keep safe for millions of years . 
  are you honestly thinking that mankind wo n't come up with any potential use to nuclear waste ( which still has loads of usable energy in it ) within near future ( ~ 100 years ? ), 
  but instead is just forced to be isolated for `` millions of years '' and nothing can be done about it . 
  that , if something , is as populist as it gets . 
   merkel if hitler had sex with a cow  learn english yuo of genius !, 
  refugee = / = immigrant, 
  but in all honesty , what does gdp per capita matters when we are discussing the net effect to whole eu regarding the vote ? 
  chinese gdp per capita is n't large , yet still they are a key player in global economy because when it comes to politics , net gdp has a lot more weight . 
  switzerland is wealthy and nice place to live for its citizens , but it 's the net gdp which determines their economical weight in world map . 
  nobody is arguing whether uk is justified to leave or not , of course a nation can do whatever it wants with its internal politics . 
  the discussion now is about the turmoil uk is about to lengthen , entwining eu into the problem as well . 
  and in all honesty , if one comment on reddit is enough to `` justify '' any change in a course of a nation of 60 million people , i ca n't help but laugh at * your * utmost and utter idiocy and naiveness . 
  as whole mess affects the economic situation of whole eu-area , it has suddenly turned from british internal politics into politics of the eu-area as well . 
  the more damage uk 's internal politics cause to eu-area , the more hostile the negotiations will naturally be . 
  this is n't about a punishment , this is about the subject not being solely about uk anymore . 
  you ca n't expect to be able to spit on someone 's face and be surprised they get annoyed over it . 
  democracy functions relatively well when voters have a decent understanding about the subject they are voting for , without misinformation , lies and populism . 
  however , as populism gets a foothold and facts are lost to the river of constant lies , the very foundation of `` giving the power to people '' becomes irrelevant . 
  all opinions are n't equal , all stances are n't equal and all interests are n't equal ... but that 's what current form of democracy forces them to be . 
  do you consider that `` a reasonable place to devour military action '' ? 
   i think where she devoured military action were reasonable places . 
  like iraq ? 
  they got served to ussr before they made any choices , war of survival knows no `` honorable way-to-go '' for little , innocent states who have been fucked up geographically to be caught between 2 huge superpowers of the time . 
  honestly now , there 's absolutely nothing baltic states could have done to fight german army group north , of which size is similar to the population of the said states , especially as germans were the ones who gave weaponry for baltics who wanted to fight soviets . 
  quite a noble stance when you are located in the middle of the warzone and fighting both sides would mean utter extinction . 
  this kind of noble stance grants one a really nice and heroic grave . 
   on the side of the nazis ... choosing one conqueror over another . 
  well , there were 2 major sides in the war , you ca n't really choose a side where there is n't conqueror in it , or at least supporting it . 
  who should have baltics chosen when wehrmacht rushes over baltic states and puts a stop to the soviet deportations of 1940-41 ? 
  ca n't really imagine any other . 
  just like you can always rely on what kind of agenda kremlin 's pravda will have ... ... until you ca n't and then it 's like back in ussr . 
  honestly though , media 's objectivity is they key between newspapers and tabloids for me , and absence of objective media undermines the very foundation of functional society . 
  yeah , got to fold here , do n't know why i considered shotgun slugs to be lighter than 7,62 x39mm ones , the velocities are also closer to each other than i thought . 
  thanks for correction, 
   a madman with a break open double barrel shotgun is onmy marginally less dangerous than one with an ak , especially against an unarmed crowd . 
  i was actually thinking through same set-up , and i have to disagree . 
  double-barrel shotgun needs a lot more reloading , is n't penetrating through any stone-structure and stops being surely lethal in relatively low ranges . 
  meanwhile 7,62 of the ak are plenty in magazine , penetrates at least something ( ~ 60 cm of wood , ~ 20 cm of stone ) , is more accurate and makes a really nasty wound ( the cartridge is planned to give as much of it 's kinetic energy to soft targets as it can , making a damaging shockwave in flesh , pistol wound is a tube , rifle wound is small cone as it 's too powerful and goes too fast , intermediate wound would be a large cone ), 
  well , the option of a full-auto and semi-automatic combined with an intermediate cartridge , getting pro 's of the rifle 's and pistol 's cartridge in assault rifles is kind of the reason why they are to-go firearm in militaries around the world , giving soldier an option to deliver an aimed shot or a suppressive burst . 
  power of cartridge = / = deadliness , at least not alone . 
  yeah , i see , thanks , 
  so every soldier does n't automatically get their rifles home , but a chance to purchase it if they join some militia after service ? 
  or is the militia-thingy part of the service as a standard ? 
  i would n't be surprised if the aunt 's husband is some sort of ex-militia though , and the tiny language barrier might have made me to misunderstand something . 
  sure , a rifle is a rifle , hunting or military one . 
  but as a finn with an aunt living in the switzerland , the high finnish number is also mainly single-shot rifles or semi-automatic pistols ( for hunting/sport-shooting ) . 
  automatic weaponry however is really rare , and a lot harder to obtain . 
  then again in the switzerland , as far as the aunt 's husband has told me , they get their military service rifles , being naturally assault rifles , to their homes after service , meaning their high number is hell-of-a-lot more deadly than the finnish one . 
  if i said something wrong about the swiss protocol , correct me please . 
   for a 20 pack # 10 is about right actually . 
  oh , would n't have really guessed that : o guess that justifies it there , as long as the tax-revenue is bigger than the healthcare costs , i could n't care less if people smoke or not . 
   in fact far more is made taxing tobacco than is lost in the healthcare required to treat it . 
  do n't know how hard the taxation of tobacco you have there in uk , but at least here in taxhell ( finland ) , tobacco is taxed with a hefty 65 % ( plus the standard vat , totaling in ~ 85 % ) ... and yet still tobacco-taxes bring in only 750 million euros per year and the estimated healthcare costs of tobacco-related illnesses are some 1,5 billion euros annually . 
  only way your point would be true is if your healthcare uses cancer treatments from the golden 1980 's or a pack of smokes costs some # 10 ... of which i doubt both . 
  naturally , no one `` pops up '' to northern europe from middle east as a first possible safe zone ; in that kind of sense every refugee outside the borders of the first safe zone is an economical one . 
  and of course terrorists use the same routes to get in as refugees , made possible by `` open arms '' ideology . 
  but that does n't make anything i said false , taking refugee 's can be seen as a hostile act in the eyes of the people who want them dead . 
   they practically burn money in order to help poor muslim refugees at the expense of their own future you know , these muslim refugees are refugees because they are wrong-believers to the people who commit these crimes . 
  aiding them is a stance , and from their perspective , apparently a hostile one . 
  ppp-fixed is low because taxes are high , and because taxes are high some elements of the expenses are paid by the state , which in central europe would be paid by the individual . 
  that 's at least part of the picture . 
  we have these [ swell mutations ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/health/finnish-genetic-variant-lead-severe-impulsive-behavior/story?id=12453683 ) within population at least , though the alcohol consumption is somewhere in the middle in european standards , the levels of assaults and manslaughters with alcohol - related status are far more common . 
  i do n't have any data to back this up , but i 'd guess that 80 % of manslaughters in finland are done drunk and the victim being the drinking-pal with the killer not even always remembering the action . 
  that would be the `` standard '' way to commit it . 
  yeah !, 
  and the doggerland was glorious finnic clay back then as well , map makes it seem like it 's under the sea . 
  total bullshit , i tell you . 
  the ptsd is a problem of the after-clean up , naturally important factor when talking about the future of the soldiers , but as for accomplishing the objectives needed in the wartime , the ptsd is n't that relevant problem . 
  naturally larger training time adds the effect of making the shooting part of the muscle-memory ; what i meant was that that is what conscription based armies try to train as well . 
  the muscle memory is far more complicated what you make it seem ; it is n't solely tied to the amount of training . 
  i also disagree with humans being `` bad at killing '' as a standard . 
  humans are a bad at killing when there 's no need to kill . 
  but when your survival depends on it , suddenly the biology tends to kick in and the famed muscle memory functions like no-tomorrow .
