because in your country ( and in most of ) people ca n't make a difference between nationalism and chauvinism . 
  hungary is okay , i searched for it , and we have statistical regions what i did n't know . 
  but here is greece : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/administrative_regions_of_greece ukraine : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/administrative_divisions_of_ukraine but just google : administrative regions of `` country '', 
  you are very wrong dude . 
  look at ukraine , hungary , belarus , albania , bosnia , serbia , greece , baltic states . 
  nice , i can recognize some of the streets from cluj . 
  the problem is the big parties , they are corrupt , they almost work together , but they play their role in the parliament , just taking all the money from the country . 
  it 's like 2 mafia changing the lead once in a while . 
  we need some generations to reach a `` normal democracy '' . 
  it 's actually a pretty good source , most of the people doubt it first cuz of the name , but they are reliable . 
  ungarn 10th , yay . 
  that 's what you have to scare me ? 
  invite me for a dinner please . 
  but if we would do this , we would become nazis , and called facist , racist . 
  where are your comments now reddit ? 
  tell me how horthy was the evil facist , he did n't even got sentenced to death , he did n't even stand at n\u00fcrnberg accused just as witness , and even stalin refused to charge him with any things . 
  he was a revisionist that 's why he sided with the germans , because of trianon , not because he was a fascist . 
  but go ahead and downvote me . 
  horthy was nationalist not facist . 
  yea , you have a point , different culture , different past . 
  i just felt there is clarification needed . 
  we are people who proud of their history , so what ? 
  :d there are even pubs in slovakia with greater-hungary maps . 
  here greater-hungary is n't a far right thing , that 's who we was for 1000 years , with all the nation in it , cuz before the romanticism there were no nationalism , and they were just under 1 king in 1 country . 
  i do n't think that map symbolizes any far right ideas , or atleast here in hungary . 
  just because far right people use it for their propaganda , it does n't mean that everyone is a far right minded who has a greater-hungary map . 
  `` hungarian irredentism '' that 's bullshit , i would like that if my children and grandchildren remember trianon and know our history well , but i do n't want any agressive annexation and other things . 
  i am a nationalsit , but not chauvinist , there is no point in any aggression . 
  i just want that my children will know , that hungarians are not only live here , we have brothers elsewhere like the szeklers or assimilated hungarians or the csangos . 
  i do n't think that 's bad if we do n't want to forget them . 
  and only far sided people wants to annex the territorries and only far sided people fear it , cuz other normal people know that 's dumb . 
  well `` spoken '' . 
  well we fucked up europe too before settling down in the carphatian basin . 
  it 's part of our history , why would the neighbors raise their pitchforks ? 
  or what 's wrong with it ? 
  dobre tatransky caj and the other one with the 70smthing % bunch of my friends live there the southern region can speak hungarian , and friendlier than the northern jan slota the clown, 
  i guess i am gon na sit next to austria , and eat all the schnitzel . 
  well , who the fuck looks up er\u00f6s pista on wikipedia ? 
  i guess almost everyone knows what it is in hungary , or they can guess from the name . 
  i meant to say that most of the goverment had jews , sry , so they were part of the communist , that 's it . 
  that blog is has that detailed writing about horthy , but what i told him about saving a jews with koszorus is a fact , it 's a historical fact . 
  :d if you read the blog you can see it 's not a biased person , he is not even hungarian , who wrote the article . 
  but since most of the things are not translated from hungarian , like wikipedia about koszor\u00fas and things like that ... 
  i do n't really know much about antonescu , i read a littlebit about him now , but he seems like sz\u00e1lasi who was after horthy . 
  he does n't sound like horthy at all for me . 
  but you can correct me . 
  and also sorry for my lack of english skills . 
  white terror was againts red , who happened mostly jews , but they were not only jews . 
  he was n't acting againts jews , he was acting againts communists . 
  if it 's ok to you , i am gon na translate an important part of it . 
  cuz most of the people judge on horthy by being allied with the nazis , so he becames an instant evil . 
  i found a nicely done writing about him , the thing about what happened at budapest at 1944 . july 5-6 with the jews it 's not really detailed there , but it mentions it . 
  you can read about horthy who was he really , and not what the communist propaganda told him about . 
  as hungarian-born professor istv\u00e1n de\u00e1k has written : `` horthy was not a monster , but was not a humanitarian either . '' here is the link : [ click :d ] ( http://www.paprikapolitik.com/2012/07/miklos-horthy-addressing-a-troubled-past-2/ ) cuz he used to be place before anything the hungarian interests he quickly became a far-right winged hero , but it 's sad and i do n't like it , he just wanted the best for the country with his own way . 
  maybe you do n't care that much , but here you go . 
   i hope you are not offended anywhere in my comment , pls tell me if you are . 
  well , it 's sad , but i am proud about the polish-hungarian friendship through the history , even when we was at war with each other . 
  :d nowadays being proud to your country history means you are a nazi , far-right supporter or smthing , which is sad , cuz i love history and some part of hungarian history makes me proud , adn some part makes me ashamed but most of the people see me now as a far-right supporter . 
  :( anyways i gon na always greet my bratanki with a big smile . 
   oh and yeah , it 's awful that most of these right wing guys using these as propaganda . 
   u want to make the argument that somehow hungary , or rather horthy , was more interested in pleasing germany rather than outright antisemitism then you 're right but the same can be said about hungary 's neighbours . 
  that does n't excuse what happene horthy ? 
  who did n't let german troops to poland through hungary when germany wanted to invade them ? 
  cuz we could n't do that with our eternal friends . 
  horthy who tried to delay the deportations ? 
  the man who said : `` deporting the jews from budapest most be cease ! '', 
  horthy was a nacionalist on his own , but not a nazi who wanted to kill the jews and gypsies , he was anti-red ( anti-communist ) and that 's it . 
  and you can read about koszor\u00fas ferenc , horthy saved the jews with his help on 1944 . july 5 . and 6 . 
  koszor\u00fas was the colonel of a panzer corps . 
  [ here is the link , sorry it 's only hungarian ] ( http://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/koszor%c3%bas_ferenc ) now maybe you have some ideas why the germans invaded hungary and took horthy 's place . 
   but most of them do n't want to be the part of the society . 
  sadly . 
  well i thought about the post title ` becoming a fascist regime ' and if you read one of my comment where i mention the people who attack romas , i say it 's sad too . 
  i just do n't like most of them , and i am sure you can understand me why . 
  and as a hungarian you know that the normal studying , working romas are minorty . 
  which is sad too . 
  i am sure your gypsie girlfriend is nice and she is studying somewhere or maybe working . 
  i do n't have anything againts those who are the part of the society . 
  so i just misunderstanded you , but some part you are right but these are consequences . 
  pls let me know which post makes me a ` vile racist piece of shit ' . 
  i have gay , bisexual friends , and 1 roma . 
  beleive me i am a tolerant person , but sometimes everyone has enough from the atrocity . 
  and it says everything when my roma friend hates other romas . 
  but go ahead and call me racist piece of shit and have your upvotes for it . 
  i am fascist ? 
  :d i jumped into this gypsy thing for 5 comments cuz people does n't really get what they are , or how they behave and i became facist and a nazi ? 
  from 5 comments ? 
  u wot m8, 
  2 months old . 
  edit : / u/magadget is right , i said old cuz i saw other discussions on this topic , and i mixed up / r/europe with / r/worldnews , sry . 
  hmm , i call them `` cancer '' cuz they are destructive people ? 
  if you live in norway , you do n't really know them . 
  in romania , hungary , and eastern europe countries , the situation is lot worse . 
  so if i do n't like them i became racist ? 
  where did i said that they need to be killed or anyting ? 
  they just need a place somewhere far where they can do their shit stuff without hurting normal people living place . 
  go downvote more . 
  i do n't really think it means the same for everyone . 
  for me personally it means only a little pride that we were once this big kingdom when people did n't care about they were slavs or hungarians or germans , they were part of the kingdom and that is what mattered , and some sad history , and sympathy for those who got cut off from each other cuz of the new borders . 
  securing borders to protect your country 's welfare , laws and culture is considered racist and fascist nowadays .
