those poor politicians , being called twats , how will they survive ?!?!? 
   the site and domain does n't belong to them or us , for that matter . 
  the fact that reddit 's execs are n't asking us for a monthly fee , just because we 're registered here , is enough as a good bargain as it is . 
  r/fatpeoplehate ( since this is a popular example ) used to be a subreddit as well , created by guys , maintained , and continued to be moderated 'till it was teared up by red tape . 
  the moderators did n't paid monthly fees , the users did n't paid monthly fees and it was a public subreddit . 
  i 'm not arguing for a legal perspective , i 'm saying that if all the mods stepped down , reddit would become a complete disaster . 
  they do n't own it , but that 's irrelevant . 
   were n't able to see it by now , reddit is as good as we , the users , maintain it as such . 
  the intervention of moderators can cause abusive action ; some as calling it authoritarian or dictatorial . 
  moderators are n't separate from us , they are users just like us , so you should n't act like they 're a separate entity as well . 
   i do n't shed tears for those who volunteer . 
  one , they bear the responsibilities they accepted for themselves and , two , since they accepted it , it 's their hardship on their own free will . 
  just because they offered their spare time to overwatch us , i should be grateful ? 
  do n't make me giggle . 
  it 's all arbitrary . 
  i 'm not saying you should shed tears for them , i 'm just saying you should be considerate and understand the difficult position the admins are putting the mods in . 
   nah , i 'm pretty sure other people will take their place . 
  if not , there 's always the administrators to take care things themselves . 
  yeah mods can technically be replaced , but the way admins treat mods makes me think that they will eventually drive away all the people that care about the community , and believe me , you do n't want that . 
  also you 're avoiding my main point : why do you think a few subs going down for a few days is so oppressive to you ? 
  these guys put in a tremendous amount of work day in day out , so do n't you think they deserve a little bit of feedback from the admins ? 
  seems pretty selfish of you to attack mods because you ca n't go on certain subreddits for a few days . 
  you 're actually wrong on this , admins did n't create the actual subreddits dude , mods are the guys that founded , maintained , and have continued to do 100 % of the moderation work . 
  you 're trivialising all the work that mods put into their subreddits , and treating them as replaceable users is hilariously inaccurate and just a bit inconsiderate towards the mods that genuinely care and out time into moderating their subreddits . 
  you wo n't find many passionate and hardworking mods that are willing to work for free if the admins continue to ignore them . 
  you may not care about it now , but when all the hardworking mods that actually give a fuck leave reddit , i 'm pretty sure you 'll care then . 
  you are severely underestimating how much mods go through on a daily basis , they do all the heavy lifting when it comes to making reddit usable , if you seriously think that mods are just flexing for show , compare reddit to 4chan . 
  that 's what reddit would look like without no mods . 
  they get rid of low effort and irrelevant shitposts that would otherwise infiltrate the site . 
  yet despite this guys like you will throw a tantrum just because they just want some dialogue to occur . 
  look at it from their perspective for once , it looks like you let your negative view on mods cloud your perspective . 
  even if they do this for willingly , it does n't mean admins get to treat them like shit . 
  also your point about reddit gold is irrelevant , if there were no mods reddit would become a shit show , and users would leave in droves to the next website , which would obviously destroy their revenue stream . 
  it happened to digg , it can definitely happen to reddit . 
  the only reason reddit is n't a complete cesspool is because of the mods that work free of charge , and yet admins constantly disregard them and hang them out to dry . 
  why exactly should mods put up with that ? 
  more communication between mods and admins is necessary , and this is the only way to get their attention besides this is only for a day or two at most , do n't act like the mods have personally wronged you by shutting down a few internet forums for a few days at most . 
  it 's a website mate , a few subreddits going down for a day or two at most is n't that important . 
  mods make this site usable , if you have a problem with them taking a stand on something , because you wo n't be able to use this site for a day or two , then clearly you need to grow up and stop being so invested in a forum on the internet . 
  this is about how the admins have been acting for the last year , they make decisions without giving any of the mods a heads up beforehand , leaving them to clean up after the admins constantly . 
  frankly this has been coming for a long time now , what your seeing is just the straw that broke the camels back . 
  so be a grown up and do n't throw a shit fit because you ca n't look at memes on the internet for a little while . 
  yeah a plan to use drones to take over african diamond mines , then use the diamonds to fund his revolution , while also planning to overthrow the saudi royal family and eventually become president of the united states . 
  lets not feed into his delusions . 
  no you 're not . 
  he definitely ran out of breath multiple times while typing this i bet . 
  money never sleeps again stars douglas as gekko , newly out of jail and looking to rekindle the old magic . 
  it arrives at a time when there is nothing glamorous about finance in the eyes of a public that has lost jobs and homes in the most devastating financial crisis since the 1930s . 
  just as the first film was inspired by the famous insider trading scandal involving the real-life arbitrageur ivan boesky ( who reportedly once said `` greed is healthy '' ) , money never sleeps borrows liberally from contemporary events . 
  a common parlour game among bankers who have seen previews is to speculate on which real-life wall street titans have influenced the character of the vulture-like executive bretton james , played by josh brolin . 
  the film also reprises the relationship between gekko and a young prot\u00e9g\u00e9 . 
  shia labeouf plays a trader who falls for his master 's fraud ( clearly he has n't seen the original movie ) while romancing gekko 's daughter . 
  but it is not just the size of gekko 's mobile phone that has shrunk since 1987 . 
  with the free market shown to be a lot less perfect than late-1980s zealots such as ronald reagan , margaret thatcher and gordon gekko had us believe , the reputation and social standing of bankers has also been cut down to size . 
  stone 's cautionary precepts may , therefore , stand a greater chance of being heeded this time round . 
  but can his new film hope to achieve anything approaching the resonance of the original ? 
  those longing for memorable lines will not be disappointed . 
  ( `` i once said , ` greed is good . ' now it seems it 's legal ; '' `` you are so wall street you make me sick . 
  i am going to take a shower . '' ) but partnoy , the banker-turned-professor , believes modern viewers will be less wide-eyed than those of his generation . 
  `` the maths major at the university of kansas now knows all about collateralised debt obligations and wall street , '' he says . 
  `` when i show the original movie in class , the ethics of the students have changed 180 degrees . 
  in the 1990s , it was seen as inspiring , today students get the morality tale right away , '' he says . 
  the spotlight thrown on unglitzy parts of high finance has reduced wall street 's mystique . 
  forget swashbuckling corporate raids and daring trading strategies , the latest turmoil was caused by poor people who were given mortgages they could not pay and the nerds who securitised them in windowless offices . 
  as gekko languished in jail , wall street was taken over by lunch-eating wimps . 
  paradoxically , as the `` quants '' elbowed the dealmakers aside , and super-fast computers replaced human beings on the trading floors , this less colourful industry became better known to the public . 
  a period of long prosperity encouraged more people to dabble in investments . 
  try as he might , stone can not shock many people the way he did two decades ago because his audience is both more knowledgeable about , and more inured to , the perils of finance . 
  will the new film 's depiction of wall street 's current , more workmanlike , incarnation still exercise a gravitational pull on would-be traders ? 
  bill winters believes it will . 
  `` the-greed-is-good movement of the 1980s and 1990s carries on today , '' he says . 
  `` finance has always been a dog-eat-dog profession where some people became fabulously wealthy and some people get fired . 
  there are a lot of bright kids that studied engineering and maths who want to go into finance because of the promise of great riches . '' wall street veteran peter solomon , 72 , who was an executive at lehman brothers before founding his own firm in 1989 , is unconvinced that a more penitent gekko will increase his industry 's ability to learn from past mistakes . 
  `` you go to a dinner party today and two or three of the guys who are there were in jail , '' says solomon , who met stone before he began shooting the new movie . 
  `` it 's a great world because it 's so redeeming ... but i do n't think people learn lessons . '' which is why the most prescient line in the 1987 film is perhaps not `` greed is good '' but the warning offered by mannheim to the young fox : `` the main thing about money , bud : it makes you do things you do n't want to do '' . 
  francesco guerrera is the ft 's us finance and business editor . 
  additional reporting by justin baer and helen thomas . 
  ` wall street : money never sleeps ' is released on october 6 nouriel roubini on his ` wall street 2 ' cameo `` i stumbled into a small cameo role in wall street : money never sleeps after director oliver stone asked me about the causes of the financial crisis while seeking input into the film 's script . 
  `` initially it was more about the potential damage that ` evil ' hedge funds could cause . 
  but i pointed out , as others had , that we always ran the risk of fighting the previous war -- in this case the concerns about hedge funds after the near collapse of long-term capital management in 1998 . 
  however , the financial crisis of 2007-2009 was caused more by the risk-taking and leverage of traditional , commercial and investment bankers , rather than by hedge funds . 
  the final script reflects this reality . 
  `` after this ` consulting ' , i was asked if i would take on a cameo role as the gloomy dr hashimi . 
  in the film , i am interviewed on the business news channel cnbc after the collapse of lehman brothers in september 2008 and warn of the risks of a global financial meltdown . 
  the film is full of cameos , from warren buffett to the cnbc anchor maria bartiromo . 
  `` is it surprising that real economists , bankers and characters from the financial world should show up in a fictional movie ? 
  not any more . 
  reality has become more surprising and ` fictional ' than any author of fiction could ever have dreamt . 
  who , for example , would have imagined that the worst economic and financial crisis since the great depression would envelop the global economy the way it did two years ago ? 
  `` also , business , economics and finance play a bigger role in our lives than they did in 1987 when the first wall street was released . 
  media outlets such as cnbc , bloomberg and others have a key role in telling us about the financial crises that are occurring more frequently and more virulently than in the past . 
  consequently , commentators such as myself also have a more prominent role in analysing these events . 
  `` blurring the lines still further , some of the fictional institutions and characters in wall street 2 are based on real life . 
  churchill schwartz is a not so veiled reference to goldman sachs , though its head -- played by josh brolin -- does n't look too much like lloyd blankfein . 
  in fact , for me part of the fun of watching the movie is guessing which fictional character is who in real life . '' nouriel roubini is chairman of roubini global economics , professor at new york university and co-author of ` crisis economics ', 
  in late 1987 , frank partnoy , then a maths student at the university of kansas , had an epiphany . 
  as he sat in a cinema watching wall street , oliver stone 's depiction of the corrosive effects of greed on the financial industry , partnoy decided he wanted to be part of it . 
  `` i was naive but it actually inspired me . 
  it made wall street seem exotic and alluring , '' says partnoy , 43 , who went on to work for credit suisse first boston and morgan stanley as a derivatives specialist , an experience he chronicled in his 1997 book fiasco : blood in the water on wall street . 
  now a professor of law and finance at the university of san diego , he says : `` if you are a math major at the university of kansas and you see a cheque with six zeroes , it is going to get your attention . '' he was not alone .
