  people answer these matters with abstractions such as `` human rights '' , `` fascism '' ... these make communicating easier , but at the end of the day one needs to realise the goal is to make the world better . 
  we ca n't be playing a losing strategy . 
  i 'm not defending the guy . 
  like i said , he 's nuts . 
  but it 's unfortunate that only crazy guys dare to get to certain proposals that are controversial but pragmatic . 
  in is case going well beyond what reasonable , but to many that will be a lesser sin that doing as little as we 're doing . 
  indeed islamic schools are a problem and should never exist . 
  yes you could well end all religious education , that is fine with me , i 'm against them all . 
  it 's however a fact that islamic schools are the most problematic in the current context . 
  indeed there is a problem with the qur ` an . 
  i would n't say it should be forbidden but that 's no way that 's a children 's book . 
  again you can claim the same about the bible and i 'd agree . 
  you can make them all 18 + for all i care . 
  but again , being serious , the old testament may be at the level of the qur ` an , but the new is , for the most part , much softer . 
  and kids are typically taught with age appropriate catechisms . 
  i 'm also all for striping of nationality do m those with dual nationality convicted of terrorist acts . 
  and if like to see religious leaders needing accreditation ( much like other professions do ) . 
  and foreign financing of muslim groups/mosques being forbidden . 
  so i would n't want all his proposals , as they are . 
  but i wish others dared to be more proactive . 
  that 's not what i say . 
  but i am perfectly ok with these `` attacks on our freedom '' . 
  if anything they come late . 
  i 've said it time and time again . 
  human right activists these days appear to be real world tumblrinas . 
  no sense of long term effects , of bigger picture , of pragmatism . 
  tolerance with intolerant cultures is what brought us to this state . 
  it simply does n't work . 
  you need to weigh in both , limits on freedom ( part of any democracy ) and long term societal effects . 
  this is n't an attack on muslims , but on a particular fundamentalist view of islam , that had been spreading , while everyone accepts it for fear of backlash . 
  meanwhile you 'll also see lots of instances , even within the muslim world , of backlash against such fundamentalist approaches to religion . 
  with restrictions on burqa/hijab in places such as azerbaijan , tunisia , morocco , egypt , chad , etc. 
  even recently in kyrgyzstan , the government engaged on anti-hijab/burqa propaganda , in efforts to stop the spreading of more radical views of islam . 
  you just ignored what i said and repeated yourself . 
  this is what 's called , missing the forest for the trees . 
  or not looking at the bigger picture . 
  islamic extremism is possibly the worse problem france is facing right now . 
  this exists because people have moved to france and not integrated . 
  this is a measure intended to send a message * `` you must integrate '' * . 
  she is a walking advert for a culture that is completely contrary to french values and costumes . 
  looking at it from the point of view that the burkini that women is wearing is n't causing any problems , is missing the point entirely . 
   i am not impressed . 
  i do n't care . 
  and every single claim of yours shows in this reply shows you missed all my points completely . 
  no single paragraph makes any sense in the light of what i just said . 
   a convenient cop-out . 
  call it what you want . 
   listen , just because you ca n't have 100 % perfect knowledge of someone 's circumstances does not mean you ca n't use statistics to gain insight . 
  that 's not my point . 
  at all . 
  you 're talking to someone with research in ai/machine learning ... that you think that was my point shows how fruitless this conversation is . 
   so the ball is in your court if you want to explain further , though i expect a condescending reply like `` hurr durr you are too dumb to understand my science '' . 
  i did n't call anyone dumb , i explained it once , then twice , none of the replies i got made any sense , and i gave up . 
  if it interests you that much , you spend time and effort trying to understand it . 
   i do n't know what point you are trying to make , but i suspect you want to further confuse and cloud the relatively simple issue , because fear and panic lead to karma in this sub . 
  i do n't give a crap about karma . 
  i do care about good understanding and use of science , and mathematics in particular . 
  i think my point would be clear should you be trying to actually understand it , rather than just repeat the same flawed arguments . 
  given your reply , i do n't think much would be gained by trying to explain it further . 
   maybe you should take your own advice . 
  the chances of `` anyone on the planet '' are perfectly valid predictor for him . 
  you know why ? 
  because :  * he literally is anyone on the planet and that 's precisely the flawed thinking i addressed . 
  he 's also a mammal , how many mammals per capita die of car crashes ? 
  the less information you have the worse your predictor is . 
  http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs358/en/  more than 90 % of deaths that result from road traffic injuries occur in low - and middle-income countries . 
  road traffic injury death rates are highest in the low - and middle-income countries of the african region . 
  road traffic injury death rates are highest in the low - and middle-income countries of the african region . 
  knowing where people are , is information that can drastically change predictors . 
  even within europe , per capita , values are about 3x higher for greece than the uk . 
  then also ,  even within high-income countries , people from lower socioeconomic backgrounds are more likely to be involved in a road traffic crashes . 
  so poor people in poor countries are those dying on the road more . 
  and we 're talking of tourism in paris . 
  so those stats are not necessarily representative . 
  -- and this is just a small part of the problem . 
  like i said , the regarding terrorism , taking about past frequencies to predict future events , assumes a constancy that does n't necessarily exist . 
  which is why i mentioned stock market , past performance of a company does n't necessarily dictate it 's future results . 
  not all domains can be subject to a simplistic analysis of past events . 
  look at turkey , it used to be quite fine as of a few years ago , now you have consistent attacks . 
  part of the fear people have is that the status quo may be changing for the worse , and in such cases past frequencies are meaningless . 
   the depths people go to to justify their irrational fear , this thread is hillarious read my comment again . 
  you 'll see nothing there trying to justify any fear . 
  in just pointed out bad statistics . 
  that 's misuse of statistics regardless of whether the fear is rational or not . 
   the numbers ( usually ) presented are for a random person . 
  like for any person on the planet , the chances are like 1 in 9,3 million . 
  the chances of what ? 
  based on what frequencies ? 
  how good of a predictor are the chances of `` anyone on the planet '' to him ? 
  why are chances based on those frequencies a good predictor of future outcomes ? 
  you should actually try reading my comment and understanding it , instead of replying with comments that completely ignore everything i just said . 
   you 're more likely to die in a car accident or drown in a swimming pool than to die in a terrorist attack . 
  the alarmism is unwarranted . 
  it 's quite ironic how people will misuse statistics trying to show others to be dumb . 
  firstly , your statement is n't even well formulated . 
  more likely to die in a car accident * when * ? 
  each time he drives a car ? 
  during his whole life ? 
  and also , how did you reach that conclusion that * he * is more likely to die in a car accident than in a terrorist attack ? 
  what personal information about him did you consider ?
