  the rules are used as basket of excuses you can resort to when wanting to bullying someone . 
  you do n't get it . 
  you 're just pointing out that indeed portugal failed the required goals . 
  but there 's a difference between enforcing rules consistently and fairly , and using them at will to bully others when convenient . 
  portugal was under troika 's supervision all this time . 
  the ( right wing ) government , its budget and programme , constantly scrutinised . 
  and despite that portugal was used as a good example to follow . 
  our efforts lauded . 
  our minister of finance was seen as a prot\u00e9g\u00e9 of schaeuble . 
  then at the end of last year , our government changed from right wing to left wing ( minority government , made viable by far left faction of the parliament ) . 
  everyone expected the government to collapse . 
  but it is doing well , and for the first time by every indicator portugal is finally going to accomplish a deficit below 3 % . 
  and this is when they remember portugal before did n't accomplish the required goals , and use it to threaten the current government ( which is going to accomplish its goals ) to change policy or they 'll fine it . 
  it 's pure political bullying . 
  meanwhile france can do whatever it wants with its deficit and everyone will close its eyes . 
  and germany itself has been well above the required trade deficit , with a huge surplus , for the last 5 years and has done absolutely nothing about it . 
  note this directly hurts the goals of countries like portugal . 
  but of course that 's irrelevant to the commission and the council . 
  it 's pathetic and disgusting . 
  sanctions are being used as political tool . 
  note that , * portugal 's previous government ( right wing , in power until last year ) was pretty much following troika 's recipe , and closely being monitored ask the way by troika . 
  * portugal was often used as a good example , of successful implementation of troika 's austere approach , and our then finance minister seen as protege of schaeuble . 
  * portugal 's prescribed recipe , is the same imf research itself claims to be flawed . 
  * portugal 's current government , ironically , by all measures , it 's on its way to actually achieve the first < 3 % deficit ( which will change if it gets fined or clouded by uncertainty of potential sanctions ) . 
  so after years of right wing government doing as their told and kissing schaeuble 's ass , government changes and suddenly they go ... ... * so here is how it works , we do n't like you and what you 're doing ... so either you do what we want our we fine you . 
  how ? 
  using treaties the previous government , which we liked , broke when doing exactly what we told them to do , and which we did n't care at the time because we like them * it 's completely anti-democratic . 
  and a complete hypocrisy to say it 's about enforcing rules . 
  the rules exist and are ignored for everybody , until you want to use them to bully some weaker country to do whatever you want them to do . 
  -- to add insult to injury , * germany 's trade surplus is above the mandatory limits for 5 years in a row , which hurts the likes of portugal in achieving their deficit limit goals . 
  but the commission finds that ok . * schaeuble 's puppet dijsselbloem , is the minister of finance of that which is one of the top tax havens in europe . 
  which also hurts countries like portugal . 
  no we do n't need them . 
  there 's much better places where we could get immigrants from , such as other portuguese speaking countries . 
  you could say eu would n't pay for those , and that 's true . 
  i doubt whatever we receive pays off though . 
  here 's what a syrian ( who 's been living in portugal for years and is well integrated ) said to be his opinion of current integration process for `` refugees '' ( in portuguese , but you can probably understand ) https://www.publico.pt/sociedade/noticia/bemvindo-tambem-se-pode-dizer-por-gestos-ou-beijos-1735441  acho que aquilo funciona de forma muito desorganizada . 
  n\u00e3o sei se esta integra\u00e7\u00e3o solta funciona so he says everything is unorganized , lacking resources , we do n't even have translators , we have n't investigated and learned from the experience other countries , and that we treat them like babies , are too generous , and do n't properly teach them boundaries and how to live in our society . 
  so if we 're lacking resources , then what we get is n't enough , we still pay for it . 
  and we 're not prepared and will do a shit job at integrating them and will pay an even bigger price in the future . 
  which is unsurprising since integration had been terrible everywhere in the eu . 
  we have many many years of experience with migration from other portuguese speaking countries , and we are much closer culturally ( generally speaking ) . 
  so no , we do n't need this . 
  this is a political choice . 
  i believe , well intentioned and partially guided by humanistic values . 
  but also to be a `` good eu member '' and have others remember it . 
  i 'm all for helping italy and greece . 
  but fuck it , all we have to do to help them apparently is `` open da bordas !!!! '', 
  and let them go to germany . 
  also why are we offering to take 10k refugees , the highest number in the relocation program , if they want to go to germany !!!!, 
  open da bordas !!!, 
  it 's more than obvious . 
  this portuguese deficit refers to the previous portuguese government ( right wing ) . 
  it 's been happening for years . 
  we were being monitored by troika and pretty much following their recipe . 
  portugal was used a good example . 
  and our then minister of finance was seen as a schaeuble protege . 
  then or government changes , and is actually , for the first time according to every indicator , about to stay below 3 % deficit . 
  then they suddenly remember ... wait those past years the previous government , which we loved , did n't accomplish its goals ... so guess what , either you make some changes in your programme to make us happy or we fine you . 
  dijsselbloem , the head of an institutionally non existent institution , even went as far as saying that now , in the 10 days the portuguese government has to respond , that they expect the reply not to be defensive but offensive ( i.e. 
  with specific proposals for change in the portuguese government programme , rather than defend itself from the accusations ) . 
  they do n't give a fuck about the validity of any arguments . 
  it 's just pure bullying . 
  indeed , portugal has always been very pro europe , even after years austerity . 
  i myself have always been very pro europe . 
  almost federalist , in that i believe we should be solely moving in that direction . 
  i like this europe less and less though . 
  as i wrote in a previous thread ... * portugal 's previous government ( right wing , in power until last year ) was pretty much following troika 's recipe , and closely being monitored ask the way by troika . 
  * portugal was often used as a good example , of successful implementation of troika 's austere approach , and our then finance minister seen as protege of schaeuble . 
  * portugal 's prescribed recipe , is the same imf research itself claims to be flawed . 
  * portugal 's current government , ironically , by all measures , it 's on its way to actually achieve the first < 3 % deficit ( which will change if it gets fined or clouded by uncertainty of potential sanctions ) . 
  this is beyond pathetic . 
  -- to add insult to injury , germany 's trade surplus is above the mandatory limits for 5 years in a row , which hurts the likes of portugal in achieving their deficit limit goals . 
  but the commission finds that ok . and his puppet dijsselbloem is the minister of finance of that which is one of the top tax havens in europe . 
  just too much hypocrisy . 
  yes , abortion is legal and ( pretty much ) free in portugal . 
  but there 's also e.g. 
  freely available contraceptives available in local health centres for . 
  do n't know about other european countries , but it could be a factor . 
  here is the harsh truth . 
  human rights , are n't really `` rights '' . 
  you need to be able to `` afford '' them . 
  not only economically , but more importantly , socially . 
  if you have serious societal problems then many of your `` rights '' are gone . 
  there is no way around it . 
  the french government may choose not to infringe on your rights . 
  but whenever people 's life are taken away in a terrorist attack , their rights were infringed upon . 
  every time people are threatened for `` offending muslim sensibilities '' , their rights are hurt . 
  every time there 's xenophobic backlash as response to these actions , even more will have their rights turn apart . 
  and the situation will get worse and worse . 
  and you may claim what you will about abuse of emergency state . 
  and there is probably abuse . 
  but truth is , you ca n't be efficient enough , using procedures that are designed for different realities . 
  and the french reality now is quite fucked up . 
  i said it before , human rights institutions these days seem to be headed by 15 year old facebook slacktivists . 
  they have no sense of broader picture . 
  no sense of pragmatism . 
  disdain for the notion of a realistic workable plan . 
  all they do is bitch and complain . 
  and justify their requests/demands with fantasies and wishful thinking .
