  for example , preventive detentions can be abused . 
  you 're arresting someone before they are judged and convicted . 
  i could sit here pointing at and bitching about it . 
  preventing detentions , human rights , oh fascism yadadadada but of course you need some sort of preventive detention , because the downside is that otherwise you could have people continuing extremely dangerous criminal activities , or destroying evidence , or escaping from justice to other countries . 
  like i said , it 's easy to bitch and complain . 
  anyone can understand certain laws have potential for abuse , and anyone can complain about it . 
  the difficulty lies in looking at it from different angles , and find the best balance in a given status quo . 
  why does n't it ? 
  thus far all you said was `` it will be abused '' . 
  that 's more of a statement about russia than the law itself . 
  you could say the same about many normal , common laws , that they will for sure be abused . 
  that 's bound to happen in a country with an authoritarian government . 
  well better remove any law you believe will most certainly be abused in russia ( and end up with an anarchy ) . 
  the laws themselves are very sensible . 
  it 's useless to point and bitch about preventive measures because goes against one 's idealistic views of what people rights should be , if then you end up like say , france . 
  two major terrorist attacks ( those people had the right not to have their brains blown out , but who cares about protecting those rights ) . 
  indeterminate state of emergency ( now infringing on many more rights ) . 
  spending a fuck ton of money of security and intelligence , and earning less on tourism ( money that could go to health and education ) . 
  like i said , this is the problem with today 's human rights activism . 
  there 's no sense of bigger picture , they do n't care about real world results . 
  human right activists these days behave like dumb teens . 
  they do n't have any sense of pragmatism , nor ever look at the big picture . 
  all they know how to do is bitch and complain . 
  it 's really easy to bitch and complain . 
  it 's really hard to define strategies that work . 
  what 's the use of adopting an idealistic position , respecting everyone 's `` rights '' ( or what we ideally would like them to be ) , if it 's going to lead to chaos and panic , and force you down the road to resort to emergency measures that are even more intrusive ? 
  all the measures i read in the article seem rather sensible . 
  is there potential for abuse ? 
  sure . 
  but that 's the case with most laws . 
  i do n't see how that contradicts , or is related even , with what i said . 
   very unique and individual series of countries and cultures . 
  which is also why we really need an eu . 
  lots of very distinct and individual countries make conflict very easy to arise . 
  in any case what i suggested should be an easy task . 
   the uk would only ever vote for a uk `` president of europe '' , france would only ever vote for a `` french president '' , italy , italian , german , german , etc. 
  etc. . definitely not what happened with the election of junker . 
  my point though was more along the lines of ... look at where that immigration is coming from . 
  take out the irish , since those almost count as british ( sorry ) . 
  now look at the percentages from other eu countries , and non-eu countries . 
  then on top of that , since this is about public perception , consider who stands out more in a crowd . 
  considering the top countries : polish + german + romanian = 14.9 indian + pakistani + south african + nigerian + bangladeshi = 22.5, 
  i would also add ( sources of immigration ) : http://imgur.com/eqgftp4, 
   i think it 's hard to plan concretely for something of this magnitude before it has even happened . 
  britain had to plan their campaigns . 
  the eu could and should have at least planned a joint reaction for each scenario . 
  it did n't have to determine every future step . 
  just an agreement on the very basics and portray some sense of unity . 
  this shows the worse of the eu . 
  there was plenty of time to prepare joint positions and action , should brexit win . 
  instead everyone was content to ignore the matter , and then act in an uncoordinated fashion , way pushing their own views and agenda . 
  right now there should be one prepared and unique voice , one discourse , over plan of action for europe to make the best out of the situation . 
  schengen has nothing to do with immigration though . 
  i get it people would like to believe this , but i find it all extremely unlikely . 
  yes scotland and ni voted remain . 
  but the majority was n't that high . 
  also here is another point of view . 
  scotland voted no for independence . 
  this means they wanted to stay connected to the ruk . 
  since the uk voted to leave the eu , independence now would mean an even stronger separation from the ruk . 
  are they up for that ? 
  also remember the last referendum happened before oil prices took a hit . 
  much of the arguments for independence proved false . 
  and before the situation with syrian migrants and terrorism in the eu . 
  i get the reaction now , in the heat of the moment . 
  and i get the political opportunism . 
  but when the dust settles , i do n't think much will happen . 
   the only times the education of the average voter has decreased were when suffrage was expanded . 
  generally speaking yes . 
  but if you compare national with european elections , for instance , there is a difference in how educated the public is on the respective matters . 
  democracy to be functional requires education . 
  the british people ( as much of europe , but to a larger extent ) are completely uneducated about europe . 
  did they watch the debate between candidates to the presidency of the commission ? 
  do they know the european parties in the eu parliament and their leaders ? 
  do they have some basic knowledge on what the main eu institutions are and how they work ? 
  the eu as always been used as a mere scapegoat . 
  -- also people 's opinion varies according to sort term events . 
  and this is a decision for the long term . 
  of course there are going to be ups and downs . 
  and people are going to want to leave when it 's worse and stay when it 's better . 
  sorry i was n't clear enough . 
  you did write this ,  but it was something that was happening before schengen ; if anything , us joining the eu kinda stopped the process for 20so years . 
  but that 's beside the point . 
  what i am saying is that schengen has nothing to do with ( legal ) immigration , not in portugal nor anywhere in europe . 
  matters of immigration are related with `` freedom of movement '' . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_movement_for_workers_in_the_european_union freedom of movement applies to all of the eu , even those not in schengen . 
  it means in particular that you are free to work in any other eu country . 
  on the other hand , schengen has to do with border controls . 
  it means for instance , you can cross to spain freely , without having to go through checkpoints . 
  this has nothing to do with schengen . 
  not one big country . 
  but it has features common to those of one big country . 
  one of those features being common borders . 
  it comes at no surprise that common borders need common defence . 
  one member 's negligence puts all members at stake . 
  the big change happened when we signed up for schengen . 
  but of course it 's more comfortable to sign up for it while ignoring obvious consequences that are not controversial . 
  same with the euro really . 
  [ translation ] ( https://translate.googleusercontent.com/translate_c?depth=1&amp;nv=1&amp;rurl=translate.google.pt&amp;sl=pt-pt&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http://observador.pt/2016/06/21/governo-mocambicano-anuncia-pedidos-de-mediacao-do-conflito-militar/&amp;usg=alkjrhht0blmsxahnsfugp1zc1dtrgxiba ) note : at least on mobile this link is n't working too well ... the article does n't appear in its entirety . 
  better translate the original directly from your browser if supported .
