  most civilized countries went through a few revolutions to achieve that state . 
   the agricultural revolution and the silent revolution up in quebec were fairly bloodless the question was ,  revolutions are n't for a progressive vision if blood is shed ? 
  how does that make sense ? 
  revolutions are n't for a progressive vision if blood is shed ? 
  indeed , but probably the longer it took the uglier it would eventually be . 
  mosques are asking people to resist . 
  pretty much justifying the motives behind the coup . 
  no i 'm not . 
  the eec is an economic union . 
  its genesis , the motive it came about , is politically motivated . 
  it was meant as a stepping stone in the process of an ever closer union . 
  that is a matter of intention . 
  but that stepping stone consists of an union that is economical . 
  the next step , was to evolve to a union that is also political . 
  and that was the eu . 
  -- my point is one can not claim , under any circumstances to see the eu merely as an economical union , because it is objectively political . 
  that was the point of the eu . 
  i 've replied to the same a gazillion times . 
  i know history . 
  yes that was the intent behind it . 
  but it is an economical union . 
  likewise the eurovision song contest also exists for reasons other than having another musical show . 
  but that 's what it is . 
  regardless of the intentions behind their genesis it is n't absurd for one to adopt a stance where the eurovision is just a musical show or the eec is just an economical union . 
  in effect regardless of the roadmap , and goals for the future , that 's what they are/were . 
  not the eu . 
  it is effectively a political union . 
  if one claims to see the eu as economical only , that 's absurd . 
  there is no argument to be made . 
  it objectively is n't . 
   they come through greece , calais and macedonia . 
  you know that but at this point you are just hanging on technicalities to disregard my points . 
  i 'm hanging on to facts to dismiss invalid points . 
  the disastrous immigration policies that lead to the situations in france , belgium , sweden , uk et al. , have to do with own migration policies . 
  france , for instance , got their muslim immigration mostly from their northern african ex-colonies . 
  likewise with the uk , with most muslims coming from immigration from their own colonies in pakistan , and other places the commonwealth . 
  again , these are these decades old governments own migration policies . 
  -- what you are talking about , the recent migration wave , is a problem . 
  but this is n't what shaped the current context . 
  it is a problem in that it may aggravate it . 
  the current context results from decades of absurd national migration policies . 
  in fact barely any migrants from this wave went to france . 
  -- you 're free to be for or against the eu , but countries own migration policies are their own . 
  and there is no eu migration policy . 
  afaik there are far fewer islamic schools and the state actually has a tight control over them there still plenty . 
  tight control means little . 
  students are still being segregated and this helps the creation of a very strong religious identity . 
  also radicalization can come from student peers , not just teachers . 
  also this was just one of the points i mentioned . 
  they should be doing everything they can to `` attack '' a strong muslim identity . 
  adding to what i write above , today many young muslim school kids will be happy with the attached . 
  this should trigger social services to act . 
  kids being raised by extremist sympathisers should be taken away from their families . 
  public schools should do more to promote patriotism . 
  they should also do more to expose , even if indirectly , religion as bullshit ( e.g. 
  early on teach history of religions , teach rational evidence based thinking , etc ) . 
  you do n't see gypsies fleeing to syria . 
  again , it 's a matter of identity . 
  radicalization works particularly well with people whose identity completely revolves around being muslim . 
  you are right that segregation is part of it , but in the sense that it helps make their identity stronger . 
  but it 's the community who segregates itself . 
  what needs to be attacked is the building of such identities . 
  but unfortunately every time a state integrated with identity building there are screams of `` fascism '' and `` human rights '' . 
  but having kids being brainwashed to be fundamentalist muslims from birth , often in schools and organisations funded by foreigners , that 's ok for some reason . 
  preventing such identity building would require ending religious schools , and promoting more patriotism within public schools . 
  ending all foreign funding of religions.taking kids away from families suspected to be radical muslims ( primary school muslim kids celebrating these attacks should automatically mean social services investigating their families ) . 
  segregating jailed radicals from other people to avoid radicalization within jails . 
  locking them away for longer , possibly institutionalising them as having mental problems . 
  etc etc, 
  because , as i said , it 's a matter of identity . 
  those whose identity revolves around islam , for obvious reasons are particularly vulnerable to becoming islamic extremists . 
   wrong . 
  they exist by proxy . 
  no single market without free movement of goods , capital and others , that includes , of course , people . 
  that is true , immigration within the eu . 
  how has that been disastrous ? 
  the disastrous immigration has been that of muslim populations from middle eastern and northern african countries . 
   the european union is weak by its own will , not due to le pen or farrage . 
  the european union and its policies are destroying europe , not the nationalists . 
  if anything , the nationalists will rebuild this mess from the ashes of what was a great dream . 
  these are n't arguments but abstract nonsense . 
  nothing concrete here to debate . 
   have n't the disastrous immigration policies of the eu the eu does n't have immigration policies . 
  individual states do . 
   the economic crises in greece and the under-performing countries such as spain and bulgaria http://voxeu.org/article/ez-crisis-consensus-narrative  then , if she 's saying the truth , why is her stance on the matter problematic ? 
  again , i do n't agree with her . 
  she 'll make europe significantly weaker . 
  the eu is , in my opinion , of uttermost importance . 
  and it need to improve , not be destroyed . 
  sure but that 's people missing the god damned point . 
  i could argue that the eurovision song contest is political . 
  but it would n't be absurd to say , country x sees the eurovision as a pure song contest . 
  the eu is a political union . 
  for people to claim they see it as just an economic union when it is objectively political is pathetic . 
  there is a significant difference between perceiving an economic union to be about economics only , and to perceive a ( economical & ) politician union to be able about economics only . 
  because there is a lot i do n't like about le pen . 
  namely her anti-eu stance will make a europe weaker . 
  and her connections to russia are worrying . 
   well , while i 'm being semantic , the way i 'd really put it is that the eec was an economic union for political purposes this is irrelevant to my point . 
  my point is that you can not , in any way , claim that the eu which is a political union , to be about economics only .
