  this is what i am answering to . 
  we can have a discuss the intentions behind the eec all day . 
  but it does n't matter . 
  point is the eu is a political union , not just an economical union . 
  so you can not argue in any way that the eu is about economics only . 
  it 's absurd . 
   the thing is that there are young disenfranchised who radicalize there 's disenfranchised people in many countries , without any radicalization problems . 
  and it 's been shown again and again that islamic extremists europe have above average status . 
  what makes difference is identity . 
  those with a certain kind of identity are more susceptible to being radicalised, 
  ok then , let 's pick one . 
  why is it intricate to forbid french citizens to go to iraq or syria without special permits . 
  you could start with everything i said above . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone but her enacting them . 
  everyone knows that . 
  my point is that , it is idiotic to think of a union that is political , as being about economics only . 
   no , the eec , like the ecsc before it , was always a political thing - its intention this is just semantic play . 
  it 's not that you 're wrong , you 're not . 
  but can talk about many things being political things in some way . 
  the fact remains that the eec was an economic union . 
  and the eu is a political and economic union . 
  and for that reason it makes no sense to assume the eu to be about economy only . 
  i think le pen will bring a ton of problems . 
  but unfortunately i do n't see any other leaders but her enacting many of the required , pragmatic measures . 
  i hope i 'm wrong though . 
  i did n't say she 'll be great for the eu . 
  on the contrary . 
  nor that she will be a good leader . 
  i do n't like her , and wish there was an alternative . 
  but i do n't see anyone else but her taking effective , pragmatic measures , such as those i described . 
  which ones did you do ? 
  technically , that only makes things worse if there is n't a victor . 
  definitely not suggesting we go down that path , but that 's what history is made of . 
  and it as always worked . 
  one side against another , the victor destroys most assimilated the others . 
  it 's bad . 
  it 's unethical . 
  it 's brutal . 
  but if we 're intellectually honest ... it works . 
  it 's always worked . 
  and the problem is , of the government does n't move to pragmatic policies , something that does work , the people will , and then things will get bad . 
  so far the government had five jack shit to address the real issues . 
  parents are still brainwashing their kids with islam making it their identity before anything else , sending them to religious schools where they grow segregated , many schoolsfunded by saudi arabians . 
  all while in public schools the slightest hint of patriotic education in deemed fascism . 
  people can still go to iraq or sirius if they feel like it , without any kind of special permit , and even if you have proof they went there most probably for training , you ca n't do anything about it . 
  etc etc etc. 
  hurts me to say this , but they probably should . 
  nobody has been doing jack shit to address the causes . 
  * have they forbidden foreign finding of religion ? 
  or can saudi arabians fund wahabbism in france ? 
  * have they gotten rid of islamic/religious schools ? 
  or do n't they even try to minimise identity building around religion , instead of their country ? 
  * have they made it illegal to even set foot in syria or iraq without a special permit ? 
  * have they changed laws so those guilty of terrorist related acts to be segregated prison from others to avoid more radicalization ? 
  * have they made it so those guilty of terrorism have to reassessed by psychologists before being let free , and depending on the assessment be kept for longer , or institutionalised , or kept in home arrest , or use mandatory location braces . 
  * have they made it so nationality can be revoked , for at least those with dual citizenship with connections to terrorism ? 
  etc etc etc. 
  everyone should be doing such things . 
  not just france . 
  but particularly france . 
   europeans see the eu as a collective construct to bring people closer together . 
  for brits it 's just about economics . 
  for brits it 's just about economics . 
  this is absurd . 
  it 's not a matter of opinion , anyone who believes this is ignorant . 
  the eec was about economics , as is the eea . 
  the move from eec to eu was precisely to create also a political union . 
   this is why i support closing off immigration from africa and islamic countries , things are getting out of hand . 
  i agree with the sentiment , but you need to be careful generalising , because there is `` safe '' african immigration . 
  as an example , ex-colonies from portugal are , in a sociocultural , sense * mostly * safe ( with some exceptions ) . 
  for the most part , core values are shared . 
  evidence to that is the contrast between the portuguese experience with its african migrants ( mostly a non issue ) and that of france . 
  here is a very recent thread about it in / r/portugal ( in english ) . 
  here is my answer in that thread , if you 're interested . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/portugal/comments/4si55q/_/d59m80t and a link to the thread itself . 
  i do n't hate him . 
  i do n't like him , but i do n't hate him . 
   started as a maoist ended up on the right circlejerking . 
  normal for youngsters to evolve their views of the world . 
  particularly given the turbulent portuguese political context in which he grew up . 
   this dude would sell his mother if he could get something out of it . 
  he did good things . 
  namely the 2007 eu-brazil strategic partnership . 
  http://eeas.europa.eu/brazil/index_en.htm and the 2007 eu-cape verde special partnership . 
  http://eeas.europa.eu/cape_verde/index_en.htm both of these resulted from portuguese lobbying he was able to push through . 
  but that 's what happened . 
  we were scrutinised by the troika all these years . 
  and lauded for our efforts and pointed as examples to follow . 
  our ministry of finance was seen as a schaeuble protege . 
  then or government changed , to a moderate left wing minority backed by far left factions in the parliament , at the end of last year . 
  and is by all measures going to stay below 3 % deficit . 
  and now is being threatened with fines if they do n't change their programme . 
  it 's pure political bullying . 
  germany on the other hand , has maintained a trade surplus above limits for the last 5 years . 
  hurting economies like that portugal . 
  unlike us , it has done jack shit about it . 
  but that 's of course not a problem . 
  none of these decisions are technical . 
  they are not automatic based on results . 
  the decisions are political .
