  confusing reality with their fantasies and utopias . 
  it 's not just that , but a matter of principle . 
  the problems of greece are n't just mismanagement . 
  that is a gross and biased oversimplification . 
  it ignores the relative consensus ( on a technical level , not political ) around what made the current crisis what it is , the known problems with the structure of the euro , the problems with troika 's approach ( recognised by the imf itself ) , the peculiarities of greece that make it more fragile to a crisis like that of 2008 ( which was not their own doing ) . 
  kicking greece out as a solution goes against everything the eu should stand for . 
  and many members for lots of reasons are prone to end up in the receiving end of such bullying . 
  it 's not really complicated . 
  the euro as defined today establishes an imbalance that hurts struggling economies . 
  those who profit from this status quo are against changing it . 
  you only have to look at e.g. 
  finland . 
  tough on those weak southern countries who ca n't manage their accounts , until they find themselves struggling ... and now ... http://uk.mobile.reuters.com/article/idukkcn0t012620151111  paavo vayrynen , a veteran of sipila 's party and a european parliament member , launched an initiative to demand a referendum over euro membership . 
  with more than 49,000 signatures , the matter is likely to be debated in parliament next year . 
  you just ignored my answer and the paper i referred to and replied with a canned answer . 
   i do n't see any country that is willing to share this kind of power or say it in other word give it up to the eu . 
  -- france proposed a eurozone government not long ago . 
  * france 's hollande seeks support for eurozone parliament * http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33598868 -- italy has been pushing for eurobonds for ages now . 
  this was the latest . 
  * matteo renzi proposes european ` migration bonds ' * http://www.politico.eu/article/matteo-renzi-proposes-european-migration-bonds-donald-tusk-jean-claude-juncker-border-controls/ * common debt issuance by eurozone countries has often been floated by debt-ridden southern european nations , including italy , but germany has repeatedly rejected the idea of mutualizing debt . 
  and that 's why the eurozone needs the adequate mechanisms to prevent such imbalances . 
  it 's worse than that . 
  * portugal 's previous government ( in power until last year ) was pretty much following troika 's recipe , and closely being monitored ask the way by troika . 
  * portugal was often used as a good example , of successful implementation of troika 's austere approach , and our then finance minister seen as protege of schaeuble . 
  * portugal 's prescribed recipe , is the same imf research itself claims to be flawed . 
  * portugal 's current government , ironically , by all measures , it 's on its way to actually achieve the first < 3 % deficit ( which will change if it gets fined or clouded by uncertainty of potential sanctions ) . 
  this is beyond pathetic . 
  edit : oh , and then there germany 's trade surplus , above the required limits for 5 years in a row , which hurts the likes of portugal in achieving their deficit limit goals . 
  but hey ... no biggie right ? 
  first you mean eurozone , not europe . 
  second much of their problems are precisely because of being in said eurozone . 
  ** rebooting the eurozone : step 1 -- agreeing a crisis narrative ** http://voxeu.org/article/ez-crisis-consensus-narrative, 
   and it 's stirring up tensions yes  withing the ruling left-wing coalition , with the head of one of the member parties calling for a eu membership referendum , rightfully so . 
  not quite though . 
  * there is no coalition . 
  it 's a left-centre single party minority government ( made viable by two smaller left wing parties , the left block and the communists , who are not in power ) . 
  * the proposed referendum has nothing to do with leaving the eu . 
  she was initially vague about it , but then pressed claimed for it to be about acceptance of the european fiscal compact . 
  * even the communists ridiculed the call for referendum . 
  * any such referendum would even be unconstitutional . 
  in any case i agree with the broader notion that these political games are creating tension and turning europeans info eurosceptics . 
  as he should . 
  he was just asked about deutsh bank , and deflected the question talking about portugal and how that worries him more , and a possibility of a second bailout . 
  which sent portuguese yields up as everybody else 's were decreasing . 
  this in a moment when portugal is heading to achieve it 's first < 3 % deficit , and even though no bailout is on the table ( complete nonsense ) . 
  and it 's not the first time he plays these kind of games . 
  it 's worse than that ... * previous government , right wing , ( responsible for this deficit ) was constantly lauded as an example to follow . 
  in particular by schaeuble . 
  * the `` recipe '' was provided by troika , and the government constantly under supervision . 
  ( the same recipe imf research now says it 's flawed ) . 
  * this new government , left wing , is on its way to accomplish the first < 3 % deficit . 
  ( which wo n't happen if portugal is sanctioned ) . 
  this has nothing to do with economics , and all to do with politics . 
  in the worst sense . 
  that was your own policy !, 
  you 've been drowning yourself in refugees ( and middle eastern migrants ) for a very long time now . 
  and calling racist anyone who objects to it . 
  for show ? 
  quite the contrary . 
  this was days after greece caved in . 
  both france and italy were fuming , being left almost powerless , with decisions being made in a dysfunctional ad hoc informal eurogroup , where germany is free to throw around its weight . 
  what happened was that meanwhile we got other crisis in our hands . 
  france has its hand full with terrorism . 
  italy dealing with illegal migration and refugee waves . 
  quite the coincidence he happens to be from there same country opposing an `` eurozone government '' as [ proposed by france ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33598868 ) . 
   in regards to being second contribution to jihadists in syria i believe as a percentage we are are lower than a lot of other european countries . 
  however it 's the absolute value what counts if you have freedom of movement . 
  as a side note , even per capita you 're not lower than * a lot * of other , but than * a few * others in the eu . 
  the top are belgium , sweden , denmark and france . 
  who else could be in front of the uk ? 
  next on line will be countries like germany , netherlands , austria ... even if all these come before the uk ( and i would n't bet on it ) the uk is probably best . 
  considering there 's 28 countries in the eu that 's pretty high . 
  anyway like i said , it 's absolute numbers that matters . 
   the uk leaving will not make europe safer ? 
  the uk has a huge intelligence contribution and arguably the biggest military in europe ? 
  with regards to contribution of extremists it does make europe safer . 
   if you are on about radical islam the uk has avoided the influx of migrants that have gone to germany , sweden , netherlands etc. . . , the uk has plenty of homegrown extremists . 
   and has n't been the victim of a major terrorist attack in 11 years and belgium had n't been a victim until less than a year ago . 
  and france until around a couple of years ago . 
  still they were ticking bombs because extremism was very present in their societies . 
  not having has a major terrorist attack in a decade means very little in terms of societal problems . 
  it is good , congratulations in particular to your intelligence services . 
  but extremism is very present . 
  i have a few illustrative examples in my comment enough you replied to and could give many more . 
  -- note that the vast majority of eu countries barely have any significant mission presence , much less extremism . 
  so yes , britain is of the `` complicated '' nations . 
  i know deposits over $ 100,000 are liable for bail in . 
  but the expression * junior creditors * does n't refer to that at all . 
  it refers to those who hold junior bonds . 
  the hierarchy is stock holders , junior creditors , senior creditors , depositors ( 100k upwards ) . 
   i do n't think australians and canadians would mind , after all cultural values is pretty much the same you mean in canada and australia , hospital staff also refuses to follow hygiene rules for having to be sleeveless , and there 's `` sharia '' arbitration courts , and secular humanists are barred from speaking at universities for fear of offending minorities ? 
  i find it funny how the same people who complain about immigration to the uk , do n't realise they 're actually one of the most problematic countries in the eu . 
  you 're second in terms of ( absolute ) contribution of jihadists to syria . 
  and in your top 3 of immigration sources is pakistan . 
  we 're talking about a country with radicalization nests like luton . 
  where radicalization in schools was a reality as operation trojan horse in birmingham showed . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i actually quite like the uk . 
  and i believe you may even get those free movement deals , who knows . 
  but you do have a social and a security problem .
