  appearing ` tough ' plays well on the domestic stage . 
  but he has to resort to appearing tough because the context is n't favourable . 
  in a favourable context that 's not what you do . 
   people who were in the summit room said that neither orban nor renzi had raised serious complaints with other leaders during the talks , which were described as cordial . 
  cordiality is irrelevant . 
  the important part is whether he did raise serious complaints . 
  now it all depends how much you trust the source , which we do n't even know who it is , much less where their interests lie . 
  there are different views regarding `` freedom of religion '' . 
  one view is that people have the right to practise their religion , so you have to be careful not to interfere with that right . 
  another view is that you 're free to practise religion within the boundaries of the law and regulations . 
  i favour the second . 
  in a secular state , religious arguments can not be used to argue for or against against laws and regulations . 
  religious arguments can not be used to drive exceptions . 
  in that sense , freedom of religion does n't mean you should be free from interference of laws and regulations , but merely that you should n't be target of discrimination . 
  these regulations , forbidding head wear , are common place . 
  not designed purposely to interfere with her practice . 
  they do though , so tough luck . 
  she had to adapt . 
  this attitude is part of why there is little fundamentalism in the west . 
  because religious people are forced to adapt . 
   but i assume this is renzi playing to the domestic audience ? 
  i do n't see how you can conclude that . 
  were it the case , and had the summit been favourable to italy , he could and would have used it instead in a positive manner for his audience back home . 
  `` recent '' :p, 
  there are many possible alternatives . 
  depends on the metric . 
  in particular it is very difficult to compare older artists with newer ones , in terms of projection at home and abroad . 
  * * amalia rodrigues * was the `` goddess '' of fado ( a traditional portuguese genre ) . 
  https://youtu.be/ufgcturygp4 * * mariza * some would argue , is the biggest name in fado today . 
  https://youtu.be/9kmwy1z3yny * * carminho * , another big name of fado , most would say , is behind to mariza , but she has a bigger following in brazil . 
  as a mere indicator , much smaller youtube numbers , but bigger ones on spotify . 
  https://youtu.be/6gfiwheatxw * * xutos e pontap\u00e9s * rock band from the 80s , active for over 35 years now . 
  but little projection abroad . 
  https://youtu.be/r9nhoqbcrhq * * rui veloso * some would call him the father of portuguese rock . 
  he 's pretty much on pair with xutos e pontap\u00e9s . 
  here is his first album . 
  https://youtu.be/xfz3osulwdq * * madredeus * world music , lyric singing , somewhat niche but huge in portugal and quite a lot of projection abroad . 
  https://youtu.be/dt1jmwvvcq * * buraka som sistema * may be the portuguese band with more exposure abroad ever . 
  but short career ( ended recently ) https://youtu.be/8gudspj33ve * as a side note , there 's also new kids on the pop scene capable of making around 10m youtube views . 
  which for portugal is pretty big . 
  but it 's too early to consider their careers . 
  examples would be diogo pi\u00e7arra , david carreira or michael carreira . 
  ( definitely not suggesting they should be considered now ) . 
  https://youtu.be/eq2gy2tvaly https://youtu.be/citqgdwy5ju https://youtu.be/eqac3sy-3wq, 
   yes , but it also shows that the french speakers are going to grow at a really fast rate . 
  marketing . 
  optimistic projections . 
  they exist for portuguese too . 
  there 's a lotttt we could say about them . 
  fact is right now , portuguese has more * native * speakers than french even has * total * speakers . 
  and it 's growing . 
  as for the rest , we could spend a lot of time speculating . 
  and presenting all sorts of arguments . 
  keep in mind it 's not just a working language either in most african countries either . 
  in angola for instance it is a national language ( the main one of two ) . 
  most speak it natively as their first language . 
  also portuguese , unlike french , is really undersold as l2 . 
  if we 're talking projections , not only is that already changing , it could change dramatically should there be economic recovery in brazil/angola/mozambique . 
  all big markets . 
  it 's interesting to look at potential for growth , particularly to define strategies for exporting one 's language . 
  but do n't go and compare marketing for french in 2050 with portuguese in 2016 . 
  that shows what i just said ... 
   spanish and french ( maybe german ) are good candidates , since they are both spoken by a huge chunk of the world population . 
  if that is the argument then portuguese should come before french and german . 
  portuguese has both , ( way ) more native speakers and more total speakers than either french or german . 
  and it is growing at a rather quick pace . 
   for a quick example in a major city in denmark we had a large number of muslim immigrants settle around a few busy streets , some of them open up businesses and soon the streets are full of arabic signs and shops and the youth occasionally hung out on the corners selling drugs etc. 
  this is n't about number of people though . 
  but the problems a particular community brought . 
  it 's actually quite ironic that to counter my comment , where i compare how problematic both , muslim and polish communities , are you reply with an example consisting of problematic muslim communities . 
  i can tell you that portugal around year 2000 , had a sudden influx of ukrainians . 
  went from barely none to over 60k in a couple of years . 
  pretty big for portugal . 
  however the reputation of ukrainians is overall rather good . 
  people mostly talk about how quickly ukrainians learn the language , and how their kids tend to do well and behave in school . 
  i do n't wish for any xenophobic attacks on anyone . 
  it 's however pretty amazing the comparative level of hate against the polish and muslims , given the history of both communities in the uk . 
  on the muslim side you have the rotherahm scandal , birmingham 's recent radicalization operation trojan horse , a history of attempted ( and one big accomplished ) terrorist attacks , spread of sharia courts , lobbying for islamic friendly regulations even in the nhs , communities who practice fgm , religiously motivated attacks ( e.g. 
  against ex muslims ) etc etc. 
  on the polish side ... what have they done really ? 
  as i wrote elsewhere , he 's not the eurozone chief . 
  he 's the president of the eurogroup . 
  the eurogroup is n't an institution but ad-hoc informal group of ministers of finance . 
  because it is ad-hoc and informal , the title of `` president '' is just a fancy name for the guy who has to read the press communications , schedule meetings , sort the order of meeting topics , and pick the brand of cookies to have on the table . 
   i have no more desire for my country to take orders from brussels than i do for it to take orders from washington or beijing . 
  there 's at the very least a distinct difference in that you had a say in brussels ( in fact you were one of the big three ) . 
   a portugese not surprised about corruption in northern europe . 
  he 's not surprised because they are known to be quasi-tax havens which is the matter at hand . 
  * dutch masters of tax avoidance * https://www.theguardian.com/business/2011/oct/19/tax-avoidance-in-netherlands-becomes-focus-of-campaigners i do n't understand why this hostility to a perfectly sensible remark . 
  depends on your definition of `` good '' -- https://www.ft.com/content/61e3a997-8023-3a8e-bd84-1a92aa7938ec ( ... ) but only yesterday , the international monetary fund issued another warning about the size of germany 's dominant trade position with the rest of the world , arguing the country should use its considerable fiscal space to fund infrastructure rather than racking up bumper savings . 
  mario draghi has also hit out at the state of germany 's sizeable trade surplus , arguing that it has helped push down interest rates in the eurozone . 
  germany has also long fallen foul of eu budget rules which limit member states to running current account surpluses of no more than 6 per cent of gdp . 
  the current account is set to hit 8.5 per cent this year , compared to 8.8 per cent in 2015 , according to the european commission . 
  i will just paste a previous comment of mine on the subject here . 
  -- i disagree patriotism is stupid . 
  and i would go as far as claiming it is essential , and that it is very dangerous to dismiss it as worthless . 
  identity is perhaps the most fundamental aspect in the fabric of society . 
  in a conflict you will identify with one side and against the other . 
  the catholic against the protestant , shi'a against muslim , the ukrainians against the ethnical russians , communists against capitalists . 
  of course though there are multiple facets to one 's identity .
