  that was all . 
  -- as to what i suggest ... first and foremost recognise that it was an error to bring so many middle easterners and north african muslims to europe , without a very selective process . 
  they do not integrate well , and indeed finding ways to accomplish while being faithful to our principles is a rather intricate exercise . 
  then use that understanding to be much more restricted and selective in terms of migration policies for the future . 
  as well much more assertive . 
  -- regarding liberties i 'll just note the following . 
  in my view , one of the worse problems with `` human rights activism '' these days , is that there is no sense of bigger picture . 
  and consequently no strategies or working plans . 
  let me give you an example . 
  in angola ( a pseudo-democracy/pseudo-dictatorship , whatever you want to call it ) , islam is not a recognised religion . 
  it 's not forbidden technically . 
  just not recognised as a religion . 
  technically the reason is there are n't enough followers . 
  in practise of course this also hinders the growth of islam ( you ca n't have mosques , etc ) . 
  we could complain about unfairness , freedom of religion , yadayadayadayada . 
  but at the same time , growth of islam in angola , a very poor country , could easily result in the spreading of a very backwards culture that would set back what is a relatively socially progressive status quo for african standards . 
  and of course it would make them vulnerable to islamic terrorism . 
  point being that thinking just of the smaller picture , and whether people are being given the due freedom and treated fairly , does n't necessarily result in a better future . 
  in particular it can result in less freedom on the long term . 
  fact is france right now is in emergency state . 
  fact is they are losing a lot of money , which could be used for better social services , better healthcare , better education . 
  fact is a lot of people were deprived of their right to live . 
  ideology only matters to the extent that it produces good results . 
  it 's useless to play a losing strategy . 
  i 'd say you may be forgetting how society works . 
  people are free to debate the status quo , and what they find to be problematic . 
  theses discussions will informs their future choices . 
  and there will be choices to make regarding , * what is allowed by law * integration policies * immigration policies etc. 
  remember that laws , policies , and procedures change throuhout, 
   i just do n't get this hysteria over how muslim women are dressing themselves . 
  ...  i 'm less concerned about how muslim women are dressing , than what their beliefs are . 
  problem is you talk as if there is no connection between both . 
  but there is . 
  this way of dressing is associated with certain beliefs and certain way of looking at the world . 
  these people are walking propaganda for non-assimilation and perpetuation of fundamentalist islamic values . 
  this just became too stupid for be to even bother . 
   again , he said other religions `` do n't cause problems '' . 
  he said  other religions do n't seem to cause problems though , i think we should focus on the actual problem about the closing of mosques in france . 
  so firstly diverging to africa is quite the non sequitur . 
  i am sure he would agree with actions against christianity in countries where christianity is the problem ( because as he said , we should focus on the problem ) so as an answer it does n't even make any sense . 
  but moving on . 
   i showed an example of problems caused by another religion . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  except you did n't just do that . 
  here is your comment  evangelical christianism in africa ( imported from the usa , mind you ) supports the spread of aids via unprotected sex , and the execution of homosexuals . 
   islamic terrorism has killed about 15k people worldwide since 1980 ( not counting wars , as those are n't terrorism technically ) . 
  evangelical christianism in africa makes islamic terrorism look like toddler fodder . 
  and later  the big picture is that christianism is responsible for as much deaths , oppression and disease worldwide as islam is . 
  and this is just absurd on so many levels . 
  i could be here all day dissecting the profound amount of nonsense . 
  in these few sentences . 
  firstly your unsourced number of 15k deaths worldwide since the 80s by islamic terrorism . 
  here is a source that counts 26k in just 2015 http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/attacks/attacks.aspx?yr=2015 this is ignoring the actually fighting off groups like isis . 
  then you ca n't just compare it with aids in africa . 
  you would have to look at the countries where christianity groups do hurt the cause and by how much . 
  then talking about homosexuality 's . 
  same thing . 
  you would have to look at it worldwide . 
  but hey so start with africa . 
  check the track record , https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_africa the whole thing is just absurd, 
  yet you pick a comparison where , * a religious army trying to conquer land and create a califate does n't count * people being told bit not to use condoms and be monogamous for life , in a 3rd world country , counts for all their aids trouble . 
  i 'm the first to agree christianity is still causing some trouble . 
  to put it on the same level of islam is pathetic and shameful . 
   i was n't cherry picking anything . 
  hey guys guys . . lets look st aids on one side and terrorism on the other and ignore all else . 
   the big picture is that christianism is responsible for as much deaths , oppression and suuuure it is ... do n't look at anything other than what fits the definitions of terrorism ... oh no no ... we do n't want to look at that , those do n't count . 
  oppression ... oh all those christian saudi arabia 's all over the world . 
  for fuck sake . 
  it 's shameful . 
  just shameful . 
   i did n't say evangelical christians are terrorists . 
  talk about non-sense . 
  that was not my point at all . 
  my point is , if you 're not going to compare christian terrorism with islamic terrorism ( which you wo n't because you wo n't like the result ) , then if anything it would make sense to look at the broader effects on both sides . 
  not to go ... hmm on on this side will consider just terrorism ... on this side we 'll consider just aids . 
  that 's is absolutely ridiculous . 
  the conversation was about terrorism . 
  if you want to look at the bigger picture . 
  than let 's do that , on both sides . 
   ( not counting wars , as those are n't terrorism technically ) . 
  technically aids is n't terrorism either . 
  you 're making no sense . 
  cherry picking particular consequences on either side to force an absurd conclusion . 
  the amount of death 's and suffering caused by radical islam are on a whole other level . 
   nobody cares who mohammad was but only allah itself that sounds like it is n't more islam than it is christianity or judaism . 
  the god itself , all else aside , is common to all abrahamic religions . 
  i have lebanese friends . 
  some of them kind of blend in with the crowd in portugal . 
  not that they look like the average portuguese , but that there are enough portuguese ( typically the more southern ) with similar features . 
  that 's a terrible comparison . 
  america and paris . 
  either compare a state with france or a city with paris . 
  also much of the regular crime happens in suburbs , where tourists are unlikely to be . 
  terrorist attacks will purposely target crowded areas in the centre . 
  yes . 
  it 's in the link i posted ... 
   he tried to point out a major problem when talking about `` the eu '' . 
  in most states people do not realize that `` the eu '' is simply `` the member states '' and not a ( completely ) technocratic institution ruled by some people not rooted in any country . 
  all the important decisions made in the eu were made by the leaders of its member states . 
  thus , the problem is not the eu but ( always ! ),
