  regarding the legal intricacies and whether scotland could really veto the process see http://europe.newsweek.com/could-scotland-really-veto-brexit-474963, 
   i can only repeat that the more institutions are assembled inbetween the people and the outcome the more undemocratic it gets . 
  if it were that simple every election would be a direct election . 
  yet even at the national level that is n't the case ( and for good reason ) . 
   it 's not just me who thinks so . 
  indeed you are n't . 
  but that 's an opinion of preference of power balances and confederative vs federative views . 
  not an opinion on democracy . 
   how else do you think could things like brexit happen ? 
  many people feel misrepresented in the eu i 'll stop here because this shows you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about . 
  those for brexit are completely against what you propose . 
  the lisbon treaty already augmented the powers of the parliament at the cost of the council . 
  and the last elections for the commission resulted in a de facto imposition of power by the parliament . 
  eurosceptics are completely against the lisbon treaty . 
  and in particular you might ( should ) remember that the uk were completely against junker ( and isolated in that stance ) precisely in an effort to avoid the precedent being created . 
  you 're really lost in your arguments . 
  there 's a lot of confusion there . 
  i ca n't make any sense out of what i just read . 
  this is a common question , but it 's just trying to force symmetry where it does n't exist . 
  -- as others noted , women being able to abort up to e.g. 
  12th week is a matter of control over their own body . 
  it 's a choice to consider that right ( control over one 's own body ) to trump that of a 12w or younger fetus to develop . 
  and because it 's not a matter of just choosing not to be a mother , but choosing not to go through a pregnancy , the same argument simply does not apply to men . 
  men can not abort because they do n't get pregnant . 
  as for what you want , that is not just a dispute between man and women but also the child . 
  and here society rather protect the child . 
  if it is born then it has the right to both parents ( save very specific exceptions , such as adoption or donation of eggs/sperm , which could n't exist otherwise ) . 
  -- also very important are the consequences of your suggestion . 
  it would promote men being cunts . 
  this is so because women , in any circumstances , will suffer from undesired pregnancies . 
  regardless of whether they have the child or abort , both scenarios are quite aggressive , physically and mentally . 
  in your proposal men never have to suffer any consequences from unwanted pregnancies . 
  they do n't get pregnant and can just say fuck it . 
  your proposal which is meant to promote equality , by ignoring the existing asymmetries , exacerbates them as a result . 
  how generous . 
  you 're quoting an excerpt without context ... 
  the process as a whole is rather sound * national leaders are democratically elected , typically via parliamentary elections . 
  they make up the council , so the council is democratically elected . 
  * the meps are elected via european parliamentary elections , so the parliament is also determined democratically . 
  so you have two institutions , with a democratic mandate to represent europeans . 
  each representing a different kind of power balance . 
  the former more typical of confederations . 
  the latter more typical of federations . 
  should the commission be democratically elected by either one of these institutions , the council or the parliament , then the process would be democratic . 
  the choice is to strike a balance between the two . 
  the specific balance is n't too relevant because , as i said both hold a democratic mandate . 
  currently the chosen balance is to have the commission electing by qualified majority , and the parliament accepting our vetoing . 
  since the parliament has the last word , naturally the council needs to take the result of the parliamentary elections into account . 
  you may prefer another method , and another balance between institutions . 
  but that does n't make the current process undemocratic . 
  not just russia . 
  portuguese president marcelo rebelo de sousa has described georgieva 's candidacy as [ joining a marathon in the last 100m ] ( http://expresso.sapo.pt/politica/2016-09-28-marcelo.-candidatura-de-georgieva-a-onu-parece-entrada-na-maratona-nos-ultimos-metros ) . 
  note the portuguese antonio guterres ( ex pm of portugal and un high commissioner for refugees ) is leading the race . 
  bulgaria and germany ( the most relevant country supporting her candidacy ) are making a mockery out of a process which they vouched to make transparent . 
  by playing dirty against the portuguese lead they are also showing how much ( certain ) european partners can trusted . 
   and if the abused partner , after the police acts , refuses to act against their spouse , the police can do nothing . 
  this is not true . 
  like i said being a public crime , it does n't depend on action by the victim . 
  what may happen is that without the victim 's testimony , it may not be possible to prove the occurrence of abuse . 
  but this is , of course , not necessarily the case . 
   the parliament can only vote for the comissioner candidates the candidate to be presented to the parliament must be chosen taking parliamentary election results into consideration ( as per the lisbon treaty ) the candidate too be presented to the parliament is chosen by the council ( via votes that must meet qualified majority ) . 
  and the council as already explained , is democratically elected ( via national elections ) . 
  the parliament votes to approve or veto de candidate . 
  so in theory the parliament could even refuse to accept any president but over of their choice ( pretty much what they threatened to do if junker was not the chosen one ) . 
   i would prefere the council preferences are one thing , lack of democracy another . 
   i do n't know exactly what more you want to do . 
  ...  you can not force someone to leave their partner . 
  they have to make this decision by their self . 
  actually more can be done , but portugal already does it . 
  domestic violence is now a public crime . 
  so anyone can report it , not just the victim , and the police must act . 
   europeans and ** pakistanis ** this should be evidence that leaving the eu wo n't solve anything for you . 
  your government still has full control of non-eu migration yet it chooses to bring them in ( and they are way more costly and overall problematic than eu migrants ) . 
  regarding your question , the answer would be a long one . 
  but roughly , on the one hand this is so because of the purpose of the union , not just economical but socio-political , meant to bring closer together the people of europe . 
  on the other hand it 's a matter of fairness , in the sense that if you allow jobs to move , within europe , you want european citizens to also be able to move to get those jobs . 
   there is religious freedom in morocco . 
  not really  it 's just not written in the law yet . 
  the law says those who leave islam shall be punished by a period of prison or a fee . 
  there 's more . 
  * `` it is a criminal offence to possess a christian bible written in the arabic language , part of a wider law prohibiting proselytisation of muslims to any other belief . 
  '' * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_morocco#freedom_of_religion  but they never apply it . 
  ...  the government keeps those laws hidden until someone opposes the king and his policies , and then they use them . 
  so they do apply it , even if selectively . 
  meaning you are putting yourself in a vulnerable position that may eventually be used against you if leave the religion . 
  if you are at a risk by leaving islam , if you can not possess any other religious book written in arabic , and if proselytisation of muslims to other beliefs is forbidden ( but not the other way around ) , clearly there is no freedom of religion . 
   he 's not a reporter though . 
  he is a reporter . 
  that may be a satirical show , but he is a reporter nonetheless . 
  to be fair he 's a reporter . 
  and one interviewing foreign delegations . 
  he has a professional duty to know heads of state . 
  in my opinion it is inexcusable , a show of incompetence , and not something to be laughed off . 
  as for spanish people not knowing him ... well i guess most portuguese would n't recognise the spanish king . 
  but i do n't know if that 's a fair equivalence as our president is much more active ( much like fran\u00e7ois holland also is ) . 
  your pm rajoy would be easily recognisable in portugal though , as would some of the opposition . 
  what 's your view on the contrast between freedom of religion in europe vs morocco ? 
  my answer is above . 
  when portugal got the news a 0 $ fine sometime ago , they did n't badmouth germany . 
  they used the favourable news as evidence of their influence , competence , capacity to act .
