  this is n't to say portugal is free of blame for it 's status quo . 
  of course it is n't . 
  but it 's important to have an historical understanding . 
   well you just have two large blocs in the eu concerning economic and fiscal policy between the northern states of germany , the benelux , the uk and the likes and the south . 
  that is hardly a new development though . 
  depends what we mean by blocks . 
  they can be abstract entities or more coherent and consistent . 
  the summits are a new development . 
   no the point was that there are a good chunk of small states that do not suffer . 
  i said weaker economies . 
   also fiscal union just means a transfer of money from north to south . 
  nothing more . 
  now tell me what is even in this for the northern states ? 
  you already have what is in it . 
  that 's the thing . 
  you 're looking at it as a new development you get nothing for . 
  but it 's meant to be a fix for something for something that is wrongly biased against weaker economies . 
  this is seen as a necessity for weaker economies to give away an important to in recovery , which is control over their currency . 
  we ca n't make ourselves cheaper to compete with germany . 
  but do n't take my word for any of this . 
  there 's a gazillion articles on the subject . 
  and as i said , the appears to be a relative consensus . 
  https://www.google.pt/amp/www.wsj.com/amp/articles/bl-reb-33596%3fresponsive%3dy https://www.google.pt/amp/s/amp.ft.com/content/7fcb38e8-15f5-11e6-9d98-00386a18e39d https://www.google.pt/amp/amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2014/10/22/why-germany-is-the-eurozones-biggest-free-rider/  which in practice for states finances means financing loans in practice ... well i answered that . 
  i 'd just be repeating myself . 
  that you need to do that does n't mean that 's the point . 
  by saying that 's the point you 're ignoring the essential . 
   the point of the bailouts was to buy time for greece to reform to get rid of nepotism and shrink the too large public sector . 
  the point of bailouts is to make debt manageable , along with other measures . 
  if you ever bought bonds and things turned out bad , you should know how it works . 
  what happened was quite perverse . 
  the debt of the major creditors was essentially mutualised ( but i guess that 's only bad when taking eurobonds ) . 
  essentially germany and france owned a shit ton of bonds . 
  so they go ... hey guys greece really needs help can you help greece ? 
  greece gets money from the imf and the ez , greece pays a shit ton of money to germany and france . 
  but the original creditors did n't incur in sufficient losses for debt to become manageable . 
  so greece is in trouble as it were . 
  except now debt was largely mutualised . 
   if one were to forgive greek debt what would keep italy , portugal or ireland from demanding the same ? 
  forgiveness ... 
  this sort of moralising terms take seriousness out of the discussion . 
  this has nothing to do with forgiveness . 
  `` taking a haircut '' is what happens when a creditor makes a bad investment . 
  it incurs in losses . 
  that 's normal . 
  and depending on the level of debt , maybe some losses are in order . 
  you may claim it 's a result of bad behaviour by the debtor . 
  but it 's also up to the creditor to manage its investments wisely . 
  if you 're going to invest in risky assets you may incur in losses . 
  you seem to want all the profit without none of the risk . 
  to make matters worse , there is an ugly conflict of interest at play . 
  * germany government gained from greek crisis - iwh study * http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33845836  the greek debt crisis has saved the german government some $ 100bn ( # 70bn ; $ 109bn ) in lower borrowing costs because investors have sought safety in german bonds , a study has found . 
  so germany actually profits from keeping greece in the limbo . 
    ** and does n't consider that acting in that manner may actually turn out to be counter productive . 
  **  this is literally the oath of office for the german chancellor and also for german meps of course german meps must defend germany . 
  like any other mep . 
  of course one can argue it is not in germany 's interest to perpetuate deeply unfair systems . 
  and if not for the moral aspect , and if not for the fact at the very least because of the potential consequences to the union , and thereby to germany itself . 
  like i said , deep imbalances and asymmetries breed resentment and hatred . 
  this is how you get trump 's in power . 
  how you get brexit 's . 
  how you get le pen 's . 
  the ez or even the eu could very well eventually break apart . 
  thus far what we have are inner blocks developing as a result of the german policies . 
  we now have v4 acting as a more consistent block within the eu too counterbalance germany . 
  and now we also have the southern countries summit , featuring portugal , spain , france , italy , malta , greece and cyprus . 
  http://expresso.sapo.pt/politica/2017-01-28-paises-do-sul-da-europa-acordam-cooperar-para-europa-forte-e-unida  an unfair advantage over smaller econmies in what regard ? 
  what is the german advantage due to the euro over countries like the netherlands or austria for example ? 
  those were the smaller you could think of ? 
  i think your answer says it all . 
  you could ask finland . 
  like i said , when their economy took a hit , all of the sudden they came to the realisation that maybe the euro was n't that great after all . 
  it 's funny how it works huh ? 
  or you could read eg . 
  this , http://delorsinstitute.eu/011-3317-completing-the-euroa-road-map-towards-fiscal-union-in-europe.html  and also what biased applications of rules ? 
  are you taking a jab here at the excessive trade surplus of germany ? 
  you should really read into the macroeconomic imbalance procedure then first . 
  because germany is not having imbalances as severe as say portugal in that ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macroeconomic_imbalance_procedure ) serious to whom ? 
  and remember the whole point of controlling surplus is because it affects other members . 
  also i 've read enough about the procedure against portugal for it 's supposed deficit infraction to see how politicised it is . 
  remember the commission analysing these imbalances is the same that claims ignores france 's deficit because france is france . 
   also the point of a bailout is always to finance loans . 
  no that 's not the point of a bail out . 
  straight from the dictionary : * `` an act of giving financial assistance to a failing business or economy to save it from collapse '' * see , the goal is to save it from collapse . 
  not to `` finance loans '' . 
  the financing of loans is part of the process , and a means to the end , but not the goal . 
  and this difference is critical . 
  because your definition left out the essential , which is saving the bailed out entity from collapse . 
  according to your definition it could just be used as a vehicle to pay loans , and then screw it , let it burn . 
  and from the very beginnings , even within the imf the plan was always criticised for focusing on saving the creditors rather then greece itself . 
  the results appear to show them right . 
  and while in the beginning the criticism was internal to the imf , now the imf 's position is of actual confrontation with the ez . 
   and also of course germany has taken hits . 
  the euro is far too low for germany which is causing imbalances like the huge trade suprlus . 
  your definition of `` taking a hit '' is `` it is n't perfect for us '' . 
  that 's not taking a hit because it 's still better for you than for anyone else . 
   i am also well aware that sch\u00e4uble is not necessarily as popular outside of germany , but frankly i do n't care . 
  i also think tsipras and especially varoufakis are morons , but it is not for me to decide who the greek people elect . 
  funny you put it that way , because the `` vote to repudiate '' schauble 's vote was for interference in portuguese politics ( something along the lines that portugal was doing well until we recently elected ps over psd ) . 
  also there 's a reason why the whole world seems to care about trump being elected . 
  because he is in a position of power , and can affect us all .
