  ** older students in this article but the idea is the same . 
  i ca n't think of the last time i heard about mass shootings in europe that were n't islamic terrorism or anti-migrant . 
  so it 's not only acceptable but a pretty sensible guess . 
  but indeed i could be wrong . 
  i did n't say anything about the shooter . 
  what i wrote now i could have , and have indeed written before . 
  also , xenophobic attacks are also part of the `` it will get worse '' . 
  as others said , it 's only going to get worse . 
  muslim population in europe is increasing . 
  more offspring and more migration , and from particularly fundamentalist countries , coming from the middle east and northern africa . 
  former moderate regions such as kosovo have slowly been [ radicalised ] ( http://nytimes.com/2016/05/22/world/europe/how-the-saudis-turned-kosovo-into-fertile-ground-for-isis.html ) . 
  and this radicalization game pays dividends in the long term . 
  there are kids in primary schools throughout european countries cheering attacks like these . 
  this is the result of downright irresponsible policies on migration and integration . 
  as well as gross negligence in securing national security ( e.g. 
  by not imposing legal restrictions on foreign funding of religion ) . 
  this is quite an oversimplification of the facts . 
  there was promiscuity with the church , and indeed the moto with regards to education was god , nation , family . 
  but the autocratic second republic ( roughly the regime of salazar ) was formally a secular regime . 
  the choice to maintain separation of church and state , implemented by the first republic ( which was anti-clerical and repressed religious practise ) was deliberate . 
  also no death penalty was implemented , not even life sentence , nor did you hear salazar ever asking for such a thing . 
  the regime of salazar was much softer than what erdogan appears to want to implement . 
  but you 're arguing irrelevant points . 
  no one counts accidental deaths when evaluating safety of a country . 
  that 's not what safety is about . 
  and there 's no reason to believe france is `` learning '' . 
  or even that france 's lesson needs to be the same as that of the uk ( different demographics and social contexts ) . 
  this rhetoric is completely ignorant for a number of reasons . 
  -- firstly typically the analogy is based on numbers that make no sense . 
  who should be more worried about falling down the stairs than terrorism ? 
  ( as you said below ) i actually doubt more people have died falling down the stairs than victims of terrorism in france . 
  certainly if you restrict to 10-60 age range . 
  definitely more people have died of terrorism in turkey . 
  and certainly many more in iraq . 
  -- more importantly , terrorism is fought against . 
  that 's what keeps us safe . 
  it 's not a mere accident . 
  the actual danger is much bigger than the results show . 
  should say , your economy crumble , suddenly you ca n't afford the same security and intelligence and you 're fucked . 
  regardless it is a constant fight , and terrorism may increase , and the numbers may grow . 
  people are n't just going to start falling down stairs in massive numbers . 
  but terrorism in france can grow to that of turkey . 
  -- finally there answers show complete ignorance about group psychology . 
  while you think you 're being very smart with your statistical analysis , even if it made any sense it is irrelevant if it does n't take human nature into account and therefore it is a useless remark . 
  fact is these actions will cause reactions , and those reactions will have profound social implications . 
  there are many answers to your question . 
  not all european countries have this kind of disastrous attitude towards migration and integration . 
  look at poland , slovakia etc. 
  most migration of muslim people happened progressively overtime . 
  this is the case with france , uk , sweden , germany etc. 
  it 's not just the current migration wave that is problematic , but a social context built over decades . 
  propaganda exists . 
  pushed mostly by germany followed by a number of countries . 
  all the images of refugees , all the pictures of children , etc. 
  there is a narrative being pushed . 
  fear of being called racist . 
  the narrative pushed , mostly by certain political factions , makes it racist to criticise certain particular cultures , talk about their dangers , or assimilation . 
  a narrative easy to digest by a post wwii europe ( who fears fascism and xenophobia ) . 
  actually , people have been voicing such opinions more and more strongly despite all the above . 
  which is why e.g. 
  sd in sweden has grown so much . 
  or fn in france . 
  even the brexit you mentioned happened partially as a reaction these events . 
  yes ... 
  isis operates primarily in iraq and syria , where they primarily kill other muslims . 
  it 's going to be hard for germans to get used to it , while neighbours like the polish get to live in a safer country . 
  that is n't what i meant at all . 
  maybe i was n't clear . 
  i was saying that , whenever answering * `` we can not implement/legalise such measures because they are n't ethical '' * , one needs to consider also that adopting less effective strategies in converting/preventing terrorism has its costs . 
  and those costs should be weighted when pondering ethics . 
  here is an example ( not a suggestion ! ) . 
  suppose you adopt the stance that in an emergency state those close to a terrorist may be arrested without proof , for further investigation . 
  this is unethical , but * suppose * ( for the sake of argument ) that this is effective ( in that communities would start denouncing radicals more ) . 
  you 'd need to take into account the practical results to inform the ethics of your choice . 
  because if it were effective and we chose not to enact it , we 'd be also ( albeit indirectly ) causing harm . 
  my point regarding security , healthcare and education , is that the cost of choosing less effective strategies ( for ethical reasons ) is not just more terrorism . 
  it is also the need for more investment in security , out of a budget that will invest less in healthcare and education . 
   harder to combat , as you ca n't ethics are a complicated matter and often oversimplified in a dogmatic manner . 
  i 'm not going to comment on specifics about what we should or should n't do . 
  but it 's important to understand that by adopting ineffective or even losing strategies , we are also indirectly condemning people . 
  it 's not only the many deaths occurring due to terrorism . 
  but also the fact that all that money being spent in extra security and intelligence , could be used to improve healthcare , education , research . 
  people tend to miss the forest for the trees . 
  they look at the ethics of each particular action , without considering the bigger picture of the effects resulting from the adopted policies . 
  the resources are limited , so we should give priority to those who can adequately prove their identity . 
  indeed , you 're right , makes sense . 
  right . 
  so it 's not necessarily foreigners , but just foreign born . 
  so a portuguese born in switzerland moving to portugal would count as foreign born . 
  sure but , * if it does n't get through for being a shitty tabloid then it should be added * if something is reported for being an obvious shitty tabloid / propaganda site it should be added yet neither is true . 
  there have been sites that are only considered shitty tabloid when some mod feels like it . 
  and shitty tabloid are reported and ignored . 
  here 's what i was told when reporting a post from socialistworker.org ( that had to be explicitly approved subs it was about refugees ) . 
   i approved it . 
  personally i think it 's a rag but it is a good idea to understand how different groups see an issue . 
  and when i complained about discretionary application of rules . 
   it 's an internet forum run by people in their spare time , everything about it is discretionary . 
  transparency would be to have a public list of banned sites . 
  as is , it is both opaque and inconsistent . 
  this has to be wrong .
