  and how do you even go about calculating the probabilities of dying in paris a terrorist attack ? 
  in the stock market world the saying goes that `` past performance does not guarantee future results '' . 
  picking your favourite interval of time to draw future projections , in many contexts , is flawed . 
  this is why i always say schools should emphasise the [ bayesian interpretation ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bayesian_probability ) of probabilities rather than merely adopt frequency based view . 
  probability represents a state of knowledge , and as it stands you do n't know if he 's an alcoholic with aggressive driving habits , or a healthy careful driver . 
  nor do you know much about the current state of terrorist cells in paris . 
  you 're simply regurgitating a meaningless impossible to check pseudo-statistical argument . 
   yeah , i do n't get this either . 
  ...  i do n't see the harm in burkinis i do n't get why people do n't get it . 
  of course it 's not the burkini itself . 
  it 's the culture associated with it . 
  the culture is a problem and it needs to be attacked . 
  and crushed . 
  it 's that simple . 
  integration / assimilation needs to happen . 
  this is probably the worse problem we are facing in europe right now . 
  and you do n't overcoming by adopting a losing strategy . 
  the current status quo was attained precisely because europeans adopted a losing strategy . 
  one of accommodating a culture that is toxic . 
   banning burkini can lock muslim women in their appartments it does n't lock anyone anywhere . 
  they may choose to lock themselves . 
  but the restriction is self imposed . 
   i do n't get this . 
  is n't the alternative that these women just do n't go out of the house and go swimming ? 
  or dress other another attire that is deemed acceptable . 
   is n't it better that they take part in society , even if it 's in some 1920s outfit ? 
  no because they are walking adverts for fundamentalist islam . 
  possible the most problematic ideology in europe today . 
  which i personally would like to see crushed . 
   in reality , this does n't help anyone . 
  it only hurts . 
  i think what hurt people really were those harpoons wounds , because a bunch of troglodytes feel like they can resort to violence whenever something offends them . 
  sure i agree . 
  i just would n't call that a trial ( but like i said i 'm no lawyer ) . 
  all you said fits preventive arrest for instance . 
  as an example , in portugal preventive arrest of a suspect can occur for serious crimes under at least one of three conditions 1 . danger of continued activity 2 . interference with the investigation 3 . escaping the country . 
  so should someone be arrested preventively they can appeal , and argue why the given justification does n't hold . 
  in other words , there is due process . 
  but i would call any of that a trial . 
  in particular there 's not even an accusation ( the person being arrested at this point is a suspect ) . 
  but anyway , i do n't know . 
  you know the saying ... the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  it seemed to me like people were disputing the need for a trial . 
  which is n't the same as a need for a decision from a court of law . 
  when a judge declares a preventive arrest upon being presented with certain evidence , that is a court order , but there was no trial . 
  quite frankly as i said , not a lawyer , no idea what the standards are here . 
  but it would be unsurprising if the system is set to be quick , as a long trial and appeal process could render it almost useless . 
  fair enough , you 're right . 
  but there you go . 
  their right to stay ended according to the determined legal provisos . 
  i 'm not going to claim to be a lawyer . 
  but given they just got booted i 'm inclined to believe you 're wrong . 
   yeah , because greece and hungary would have collpased if germany had not made a move to alleviate the pressure . 
  this is hilarious . 
  i honestly have trouble imagine someone saying this with a straight face . 
  it ' like a brilliant joke , so nonsensical you 're left wondering how they came up with it . 
   and who was against letting people freely roam ? 
  i recall people only being against having to take refugees themselves . 
  thankfully it 's easy to refresh people 's memory these days http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/angela-merkel/11919548/angela-merkel-attacks-east-european-leaders-for-ignoring-their-past-over-refugees.html  calling upon her own experience of growing up in communist east germany , mrs merkel criticised leaders including viktor orban , the hungarian prime minister , for building new fences in europe despite having escaped their own isolation at the end of the cold war . 
   are often not willing to move to germany . 
  i 'm not sure you 've been following the news . 
  the exodus from portugal has been unprecedented . 
  but indeed they now might think twice about the german option if they believe middle easterners are going to get priority over them . 
   we have these people here now you pretty much brought them in . 
  bitching about everyone and anyone who tried to be sane and against letting millions of people move freely through europe going whether they wanted to go , most of them economic migrants who have no right to be in european soil . 
   if you want a government to lobby for a job for the portugese look to the portugese government and not the german government indeed , the german government seems to prefer lobbying for non europeans . 
  indeed they are . 
  and merkel is urging chiefs to hire refugees , meaning hiring them instead of non refugees . 
  including instead of those jobless greeks , spanish , portuguese ... who furthermore tend to be very socially adaptable , and well educated . 
  there are lots of europeans without jobs , not sure if you 've noticed . 
  that just shows you do n't understand democracy . 
  democratic rules do n't guarantee shit other than power in the hands of people . 
  if said people are despicable maniacs you 're fucked . 
  therefore it is a very good idea to be against messed up ideologies and messed up people . 
  to determine a verdict , and make sure we do n't condemn innocents . 
  but no one was convicted of anything . 
  they were expelled , which is fine . 
  as non-citizens there is no obligation to let then in nor keep them in . 
  your argument for spanish was hispanic america ... brazil is * the * one relevant country in the region . 
  portuguese opens up , * brazil , still the strongest country in latin america . 
  * african countries , that are resourceful and socially progressive by african standards . 
  * positions in asia via east timor ( where it is official and growing , although how successfully remains to be seen ) , and macau as a bonus ( negligible presence , but still an official language and interest as been growing ) . 
  adding to that , portuguese speaking countries have formed cplp . 
  still a young organisation ( 20 years ) , but it 's goals and capacities have been expanding . 
  bringing the whole space even closer in its diplomatic , economic and social dimensions . 
  it 's not accidental that you have so many ( effective and candidate ) observer members . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/community_of_portuguese_language_countries https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/member_states_of_the_community_of_portuguese_language_countries, 
  if you go down that route , portuguese would be a top candidate too . 
  it already plays a very important role in africa ( and it 's been growing and set to continue doing so ) . 
  it is spoken in african countries that are , socially speaking and in terms of core values , much closer to europe ( compare the effects of african migration in france and portugal ) . 
  then you can add to that brazil , despite its troubles the strongest latin american country . 
  and positioning in asia , with east timor having adopted it as official ( its growth is a work in progress ) , and despite negligible presence , some potential of growth in macau where it is still official . 
   thanks for your concern . 
  biut i did say you ca n't stop people from doing things that are legal and not that you could n't disagree with people doing those things . 
  maybe follow your own advice . 
  did i say in the comment you first answered that you could stop people from doing legal things ? 
   so what is your suggestion ? 
  my initial comment , which you answered to , had zero suggestions . 
  my comment was just pointing out why i consider that behaviour to be a problem in our society . 
  disagreeing with the parent who saw it as not raising any problems .
