  its member states . 
  that 's an oversimplification but moving on . 
   and , yes , there probably will be resistance to this since - for example - this will cause international pressure . 
  some countries , especially in the east , would n't need much time to say yes . 
  however , germany will definitely have a problem with this : it has a large turkish population and there 's still something called history - ww2 - which should never be ignored . 
  ( i am in favor of this prohibition ; i see the problems , though this is what he did n't do . 
  he just made a statement about the functioning of the eu and went nowhere with it . 
  which is why i 'd ask how would that be a problem , who does he think would oppose . 
  i do see some resistance against coming in germany , as well as sweden . 
  but also so pressure by the population to act , and political fragility in the current context that requires effective measures to be applied . 
  there are always ways of appeasing to the muslim population . 
  like having a few councils finance a few mosques themselves with state money . 
  no it does n't . 
  that said , are we facing christian terrorism financed by foreign countries ? 
  not really , not last time i checked . 
  and anyway , remember you 're asking that question at a time when many of the eu countries are n't religiously neutral . 
  denmark has a state church . 
  so does england . 
  bulgaria defines the bulgarian orthodox church as the traditional religion . 
  and greece the church of greece as the prevailing religion . 
  poland 's constitution determines it 's relation with the holy see . 
  we could argue about what the eu is and is n't , but i fail to see your point . 
  are you saying such measures would n't be approved by the council ? 
  who do you think would oppose it ? 
  austria already blocked foreign funding for mosques , france and italy are considering it . 
  i think eastern european states would be happy to do so . 
  seems feasible . 
  more controversial measures have been put in place before . 
   playing with the currency , up and down , is not how you build a stable economy . 
  there 's multiple currencies for a reason . 
  you 're talking as if the world could just settle for a single currency and all would be fine . 
  of course devaluation is not miraculous , but not having that possibility is a handicap . 
  this report says as much . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/07/28/imf-admits-disastrous-love-affair-with-euro-apologises-for-the-i/  at root was a failure to grasp the elemental point that currency unions with no treasury or political union to back them up are inherently vulnerable to debt crises . 
  states facing a shock no longer have sovereign tools to defend themselves . 
  devaluation risk is switched into bankruptcy risk . 
   `` in a monetary union , the basics of debt dynamics change as countries forgo monetary policy and exchange rate adjustment tools , '' said the report . 
  this would be amplified by a `` vicious feedback between banks and sovereigns '' , each taking the other down . 
  that the imf failed to anticipate any of this was a serious scientific and professional failure . 
  this is nothing new . 
  it 's been known since before the inception of the euro that it would be a problem . 
  simply , dealing with it ( fiscal union , euro bonds , large eu budget ) is going to be met with resistance from the wealthiest countries who benefit from the status quo . 
  austria did it already . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-austria-muslims-iduskbn0lt28420150225 i wish this were enacted eu wide . 
  there will always be loopholes and ways to finance religion through the back door , and a wide ban together with concerted efforts to enforce it , would be much more effective . 
   the question is more `` how is the state supposed to check if someone should be let in '' . 
  of course they can just say `` no '' , the problem is that it 's prohibitively costly in most cases to do that research before allowing them in . 
  not really . 
  it 's not a court of law . 
  you can just adopt a higher standard in the selection of who you let in . 
  also travel visa is one thing residency another . 
   now to the other stuff . 
  it is absolutely nonsensical to make it illegal for religion to be funded from outside the country . 
  that 's how literally any organized religion in germany works , including catholicism , for example . 
  if it did n't work that way one would n't need to forbid it . 
  the whole point is to enact change . 
  also i chose not to expand that thought , but there ' plenty of possible implementations . 
  foreign money here could mean , outside the eu . 
  that would ( mostly ) block saudi 's and friends . 
  of course there 's always loopholes they could try to use , but that 's the case with every law . 
  finally , austria specifically block foreign funding for mosques : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/mar/08/austria-foreign-minister-islam-funding-law-restricting http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31629543 so , as you can see , it can be done . 
  it 's not that complicated . 
  it 's a matter of political choice . 
   you are comparing religious organisations to political parties , which is not a very good comparison - they are more akin to corporations . 
  if you think they are more like corporations ( which they are in some ways ) , let me remind you that free trade is negotiated . 
  however countries like saudi arabia are much more protective of their religious satus quo . 
  in any case , they are akin to political parties in the sense that they can are part of the fabric of society , and can be used by foreign agents to influence and/or destabilise one 's country . 
   and your plan to require accreditation courses betrays a shocking lack of understanding for how organized religion functions . 
  or perhaps quite the opposite . 
  look , in portugal it just became compulsory for anyone who wants to apply pesticides in their lands , to have a government certified course . 
  if i have a few apple trees for me and my family , and want to spray them , i need to get certified before i 'm allowed to . 
  if anything it is outrageous that religious leaders can perform all their functions , which can even involve educating children , without any accreditation . 
  * u.n. investigators say most syria rebels not seeking democracy * http://www.reuters.com/article/us-syria-crisis-violations-idusbre94s1ao20130529 * do n't rely on syria 's ` moderate ' fighting force . 
  it does n't exist * https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/dec/16/dont-rely-syria-moderate-fighting-force-anti-isis * french mp : fsa and moderate rebels do n't exist in syria , but only in lobbies of european hotels * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8lgchvfcwi, 
  it 's really easy you know ? 
  freedom of movement applies to the eu and little more than that . 
  they do n't have to be allowed in . 
  you can just deny them residency without much of an explanation . 
  you do n't even have to give them a travel visa . 
  aside from that , it would be good to make it illegal for religion to be funded with foreign funds . 
  this already is the case in politics where it 's common for there to be restrictions on foreign funding of political parties ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  if you want to go further ( and i 'd love to ) have the state regulate religious professions , much like it regulates many others . 
  demand have them do required accreditation courses . 
  also they could just ban salafi/wahhabi mosques all together . 
  showing spine would be e.g. 
  taking action against germany for doing jack shit to control its trade balance surplus , well above the required limits for the last five years . 
  having spine would be doing something about [ tax havens ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2011/oct/19/tax-avoidance-in-netherlands-becomes-focus-of-campaigners ) within the european union . 
  actions against portugal , a weaker country , who has pretty much been following a recipe enforced by troika for the last years , while being supervised by troika , and while being lauded as a good example by troika . 
  a recipe that imf research itself as come to criticise as flawed . 
  and a country who is now by all measures about to achieve a < 3 % deficit ... that is n't having spine . 
  that 's just dumb bullying . 
   europe suffers as a result of being ~ ~ good people ~ ~ pathetically naive and ignoring obvious realities . 
   coming from the eu government what does this even mean ? 
  from the commission ? 
  any such initiative from the commission would have to go through the parliament and the council . 
  i was looking for articles about the first attacks in france , when i first remember reading articles where teachers talked about the reactions of their students . 
  but found this first so it will do ... http://nytimes.com/2016/04/08/world/europe/belgium-brussels-islam-radicalization.html/  the problem is not islam , he insists , but the negligence of government officials like himself in allowing self-contained ethnic ghettos to grow unchallenged , breeding anger , crime and radicalism among youth -- a soup of grievances that suits islamist recruiters . 
   `` our cities are facing a huge problem , maybe the largest since world war ii , '' mr. goldstein said . 
  `` how is it that people who were born here in brussels , in paris , can call heroes the people who commit violence and terror ? 
  that is the real question we 're facing . ''  friends who teach the equivalent of high school seniors in the predominantly muslim districts of molenbeek and schaerbeek told him that ** `` 90 percent of their students , 17 , 18 years old , called them heroes , '' he said .
