  -- the identity of portugal revolves around 3 axis , formalised by 3 corresponding institutions : nato , eu , and cplp ( community of portuguese speaking countries ) . 
  to understand portugal 's actions in world affairs you need to consider the three dimensions of its identity . 
  yet the latter , its lusophone identity , is often overlooked . 
  indeed portugal is a proud member of nato who takes its defence responsibilities seriously . 
  it 's also very pro europe . 
  but portugal 's own relationship with china is centuries old , and all things considered , it is a rather good relationship . 
  were we to get into matters of trust and mutual interest , there would be a case to be argued for china being a more trustworthy partner than germany . 
  it was germany who just recently `` back stabbed '' portugal on its onu sg candidacy , not china . 
  and it 's germany 's schaeuble who keeps playing dirty political games against portugal 's government [ just a couple of days ago all parties in the parliament [ voted to repudiate ] ( http://sicnoticias.sapo.pt/economia/2016-11-04-parlamento-aprova-votos-de-repudio-a-declaracoes-de-schauble ) claims of his ] . 
  if this idea of portugal and china as good partners seems naive , due to the sheer difference in size and power , keep in mind that while we do have a good direct relationship , we cooperate in the framework of ( roughly ) the cplp . 
  the 5th ministerial conference cplp-china just took place , and it was kind of a big deal . 
  https://youtu.be/prbzjdya0ca https://youtu.be/tnqj9zcwef8 http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2016-10/11/c_135746200.htm also the cplp is evolving and vastly improving cooperation . 
  in fact the xi cplp summit is taking place tomorrow ( with satellite conferences happening since a few days ago ) . 
  and the goal is to formalise this new vision for the cplp . 
  so this relationship with china is n't as subservient as some may think . 
  yes capital is badly needed . 
  but the partnership is also part of an emergent lusophone diplomacy . 
  -- is this kind of exposure therefore not problematic ? 
  first and foremost , portugal is too indebted , and necessarily selling more than would be considered healthy for its sovereignty and independent capacity of action . 
  in this context any kind of overexposure to a single country should be deemed problematic . 
  whether exposure to china is overwhelming or not , is subjective . 
  however most criticism misscharacterises and reveals misunderstanding of portugal 's relation with china . 
   we 're under the same risk too  no you 're not . 
  from the very moment when the commission started considering enacting an excessive deficit procedure towards portugal and spain but not france , you do n't have the same risk . 
  a risk that increased further when the formal decision to formally analyse the case of edp for portugal and spain . 
  a risk that increased further months later when the answer was affirmative that the edp would be enacted . 
  a risk that only somewhat diminished only months later when the decision was made to opt for no ( direct ) fine . 
  a risk that remains until today , since no decision has been made yet regarding the freezing of structural funds . 
  france , as of now , is not subject to any of these risks . 
  and given the recent news , it never really had to worry about them because it was always exempt . 
  yes , i answered before . 
  and it 's an idiotic point . 
   you 're bitching about how because of a bad publicity portugal can not attract investors . 
  i would n't phrase it as bad publicity . 
  but yes , looming threats due to the potential consequences of failing the 3 % goal , and possible excessive deficit procedures being activated , and potential fines , and potential freezing of structural funds , affect risk assessment for investors . 
   how come the fact that you 're severely underfunding your r&d not affect your capability to attract investors . 
  i never said it did n't . 
  the risk assessment is always a sum off many factors . 
  if anything , portugal already being in a bad situation exacerbates the effects of potential fines or the freezing of structural funds . 
  and therefore is likely to have an even bigger impact on risk assessment than it would if the country were doing fine . 
  the whole argument is profoundly nonsensical . 
  this is a nonsensical conversation , given france recent invocation of art 42 has absolutely nothing to do with the matter at hand . 
  indulging you on your push to drift away from the topic though , do you even know anything concrete measures that have been discussed as a response to those requests ? 
  since you mentioned nothing concrete , i will . 
  here is a quote from an article regarding said invocation by france of art 42 . https://www.google.pt/amp/www.politico.eu/article/eu-agrees-to-french-request-for-military-help/amp/  eu countries could then contribute by providing support or staff to french operations in sahel , central african republic -- thereby allowing paris to free up capacity to use internally , an eu official explained . 
  and here is an article about portuguese deployment of 160 commandos to car . 
  http://e-global.pt/noticias/nacional/chegada-do-batalhao-de-comandos-portugueses-desperta-diferentes-sentimentos-em-bangui/ anyway , i 'll stop here , since once you go down the rabbit of of nonsensical tangents , never ends . 
  everything you wrote here has been answered by me before . 
  some points you do n't know what you 're saying . 
  others are wrong . 
  others are just nonsensical and irrelevant to my point . 
  i 'm not going to start copy pasting my answers when you can just go back and read them . 
  -- also given you do n't even know the basics , such as what the `` excessive deficit procedure '' is and where it stands at the moment with regards to portugal , this is just a big waste of time . 
  these `` secret deals '' precede that . 
  supposedly happened with during the mandates of both , barroso and junker . 
    ortugal , unlike france was indeed subject to an excessive deficit procedure . 
   you were so broke , you had to borrow money from the imf . 
  there was n't anything excessive your answer makes no sense . 
  it appears to me you do n't even know what the `` excessive deficit procedure '' refers to . 
   i 'd think it 's that 130 % debt level that keeps investors away . 
  this again is a nonsensical answer . 
  you 're answering as if because of this nothing else matters . 
  which is absurd . 
   ah , so the fact that you 've got shitty banks is the eu 's fault for some reason . 
  it has nothing to do with fault . 
  it 's about accounting and interpretation of the rules and purpose of the stability pact . 
  as a recent example , cgd recapitalisation ( portugal 's public bank ) wo n't be accounted for . 
  also , as a side note ... and i know this is a very long term play and even then a long shot ... portugal has been quite invested in reforming and evolving the cplp ( community of portuguese speaking countries ) , into a much more structured , far reaching , and active organisation . 
  now you do n't need to tell me how dysfunctional some of the members are , or how badly their overall economies are doing . 
  indeed that 's all true . 
  but there is substantial of potential . 
  thus far the organisation ( in existence since 1996 ) had been mostly focused and successful in diplomacy . 
  their biggest and earliest success having been the independence of east timor . 
  and more recently , as an example , having played an important role in helping guterres in his un sg election . 
  but it 's been evolving a notch prominent role , in both economics and social development . 
  regarding the economics , you have institutions such as , the confederation of enterprises of the cplp and the union of exporters of the cplp . 
  http://cecplp.org http://uecplp.org you can also see the effects of these new developments in the evolution of block negotiable with china . 
  the 5th ministerial summit cplp-china just took place a couple of weeks ago . 
  https://youtu.be/tnqj9zcwef8 the xi cplp summit also took place a few days ago , again with a big focus of joint economical cooperation and social integration . 
  as a mere example , * `` brazil and portugal sign agreement on sustainable energy systems '' * http://www.brazilgovnews.gov.br/news/2016/11/brazil-and-portugal-sign-agreement-on-sustainable-energy-systems or another completed recently , * t\u00e9cnico students and faculty attended the presentation of embraer 's new aircraft * https://tecnico.ulisboa.pt/en/news/tecnico-students-and-faculty-attended-the-presentation-of-embraers-new-aircraft/ my point here being solely that , as a long term strategy , betting on the development of another block may be useful ... not so much as an alternative , as you really ca n't compare both . 
  but at the very least for added leverage in potential negotiations . 
   i disagree with you on this , personally i think that if portugal pulled the trigger first , they would have first mover advantage and be able to control the situation . 
  it 's difficult to have an informed opinion , because there are no precedents , and there is no set procedure . 
  furthermore we have a huge debt ( in euros ) . 
  true staying in the eurozone does make it difficult to grow the economy due to the imposed recessive austerity measures . 
  but also , the interest is low thankfully to the ecb . 
  and that 's just the economical reality . 
  then politics come into play , and such a move could spell trouble for the eurozone , if portugal were to have a smooth recovery . 
  and we do n't have the bargaining power that the uk has . 
  so all in all , it is a rather complicated situation . 
   and you still have received about 0 sanctions . 
  this is disingenuous for several motives . 
  * having untruthful numbers accepted by the commission , puts france in an advantageous position with regards to the perceptions of the markets and investors . 
  * portugal being perceived as potentially missing deficit deadlines and being subject to sanctions on the other hand outs portugal on a precarious position towards markets and investors . 
  * portugal , unlike france was indeed subject to an excessive deficit procedure . 
  again this hurts portugal 's outlook and keeps investors away . 
  ( in fact it was so , even though it can be argued that by commission numbers it was lower than france - given it 's not clear banif should count - and even though by eurostat numbers without banif it was under 3 % ) * portugal was under an explicit threat of an excessive deficit procedure for months . 
  then once it was open it was under the threat of possible sanctions for months . 
  * even now no decision has yet been taken with regards to suspension of structural funds ( which is a sanction regardless of what you call it ) . 
  -- so again summarising .
