  then they give it to the eu ... i mea lel and obama ... its fucking ridiculous . 
  whats the difference between successive and consecutive ? 
  it has been a trend since the last two elections . 
  they seem to be winning all the local elections , the in addition to that our left wing parties are behaving like stupid fucktard idiots , and a turkish doctor with very close toes to erdogan created an own parti and is running in the next election ... 
  which upsets a lot of people , and makes them purposely vote right , which i can understand . 
  also the right party leader is sadly by far the most eloquent and least incompetent in debates etc. . . 
  yep, 
  i also dislike her party ... however im not from germany , but austria , still though . 
  how is politics etc in your country ... and when are the next elections and how do you think they will turn out ??? 
  because i know for sure that next elections in austria the faaaaar right party will win huuuuge !, 
  now becoming popular misandrists ?? 
  in those states there was an election few weeks ago and in both the right-wing side won ... a lot ... 
  apparently they all go through austria ... haha . 
  due to recent political events in south and east parts austria im fairly sure we will be the next to build a wall lol . 
  the thing i 'm so afraid of , is the fact that you can live with one kidney ... 
  if i donate one . 
  i only got one left . 
  if that were to fail i will forever hate myself for donating that one . 
  really ??? 
  i wouldn \u00b4 t ,, 
  yea ... no . 
  just no . 
  i dont know where you got the data from ... but f.e. 
  liechtenstein ... is definitely wrong ... and i also have my doubts about other stuff . 
  / u/thewrathofkrieger ... in case you havent noticed yet ... this world and its politicians are some fucked up bullshit bunch of hypocrites ( no exceptions ), 
  imho there are `` enough '' arguments pro blasphemy law that it is at least worth a discussion whether it should be installed or not, 
  there are also none latin derived words with a in german, 
  yea true ... but i thought we were talking about the period of time before the refugee crisis which this technically is ... but yea . 
  okay yea that 's true ... but that 's because it is vienna . 
  it was the 3rd largest party . 
  you are comparing the berlin wall ( with all the came with it , mine/death strips military ) with borders through central europe as well as the border between mexico/us ? 
  are you serious ? 
  omfg this mikl-leitner bitch just cant shut the fuck up can she ... 
  well . . you know what , you might be onto something . 
  well ... to us austrians all the german accents ( except bavarian ) sound snobbish and arrogant . . 
  what ??? 
  you concider that posh ? 
  the best thing about vienna is its not only a great city , but it is also afforable . 
  nope . 
  never has austria got more english speakers than ch . 
  if you are beeing sarcastic then i am totally oblivious . 
  but vienna is the capital of austria . 
  and the new years concert hast a long standing tradition in austria . 
  no the first one is that all the radio stations play donauwaltzer at midnight . 
  pretty big ... for obvious reasons . 
  am i blind or did you forget german ? 
  in that case group c only has 3 teams . 
  haha ... i think gr\u00fcn ... sorry should have called them feminazis, 
  yea those genocidal parts are always getting in the way right ? ... 
  thank god austria has never done anything ... 
  in the austrian the far left party apparently put up a donation box for refugees and everytime the far right party said something racist they would all stand up and put a $ in . 
  yeah i know it 's true this is why i said it, 
  originally both austrian houses were prosperous and big etc. . . 
  but one got bombed in ww2 and rebuild in the 50ies hence the ugly 50ies style ... 
  but it is under protection now . 
  while i agree with you to some extend ... i am also fairly sure that if you would search the deep cellars etc. . . of some right wing `` organisations '' you will undoubtfully find some really shady nazi stuff ... also i be there are a lot of mosques that do not have ammunition and is propaganda ... its a pickle we are in either way it is wrong . 
  i dont understand why you believe that the sons of grandsons of migrants are terrorists ... i mean yea ... every terrorist is a grandson of someone , but so is every philanthropist ... i really dont understand your logic . 
  well here in austria were men still have mandatory military service/or community service , we just tend to disrespect make fun of and call bullshit on our military alongside calling them a bunch of alcoholic idiots who are to stupid for any real jobs . 
  like seriously ? 
  damn i thought thats one of those fucking tv/movie clichees . 
  no ... that would go against the deep privacy believes ... its basically about , `` people should know what their tax money pays '', 
  it also does not help when many populists have very fascist leaning believes/policies . 
  elected officials have to disclose on what they get from the state . 
  i am pretty sure you always need parental consent to marry , if you are not 18 . 
  i love how apparently germany/austria have `` high proficiency '' . 
  our english is soooo painfully bad . 
  hahaha so true ... when the judges said something a long the lines of being surprised how things run in austria i was like : dude do you live under a rock or something . 
  i hope you are right, 
  you see whats funny , i meant the exact same thing you described ... but that falls under the category `` not accept '' for me ... 
  accepting an opinion to me is like saying : i see where you come from and i agree that this is a valid way of seeing it , i just dont think it is that way . '', 
  thats accepting , not accepting would be . 
  `` no i dont think thats right , and your assumptions are wrong . 
  here and here , either your opinion is stupid and bad or you are not telling me all the assumptions/premises you are making/have . '', 
  yes and no . 
  i agree to some extend , but sometimes an opinion is based on stupidity and ignorance . 
  and at that point i do n't think the `` right '' side should accept that opinion and nurture it . 
  but that does not mean the `` right '' side is right it just means the wrong side is wrong . 
  thank god we do n't have those pathetic speeches as they have in the us ... just fucking to one of those ridiculous speeches . 
  i always thought he was very much against the eu and pro leave, 
  austria was always deeply devided ( up until now it just was \u00d6vp / sp\u00d6 instead of fp\u00d6 ... ) and every single presidential election was withing 5 % + - so its not soooo bad . 
  same here . 
  but vdb is quite alright . 
  the austrian greens are feminazi idiots . 
  seriously , they are really awful political correct mostly uneducated idiots . 
  however vdb left a few years ago ... officially he was also running as an `` independant '' and he is quite moderate and also educated , also he is a university professor for economics . 
  it is pretty funny ... you need to know that he is a university professor . 
  and he is playing it like he is doing a quiz with the right wing leader . 
  since he apparently wanted to cut some taxes ... and he ( the right wing guy ) and how clue how much that would make in absolute numbers ... i did not know this exists ... but its really funny ... maybe im writing a transcript sometimes . 
  haders german isnt even that bad ... it can get waay worse, 
  rather hofer than strache though, 
  yes and no ... you say 34 % support hofer ... which is not true since this is literally the first election where the big two ( \u00d6vp / sp\u00d6 ) aka social democrats and conservatives are not present ... 
  so it kind of remains open who those 34 % really support since up to now they would have supported \u00d6vp sp\u00d6 and probably the next election will be differnt . 
  i quote : `` sie werden sich noch wundern was der bundespresident alles kann '' translation : `` you will be astonished by what the president can ( legally ) do . '', 
  was the response to a moderator who said : `` i dont think the constitution allows that . '', 
  while i agree ... i just want to note that we had a fucking turnout of 73 % ... thats acctually quite impressive normally its around 65 or something . 
  he is not positive towards the ttip . 
  no ... sadly , eventhough i hate him , hofer sadly is concidered left in his party ... 
  well democracy has been around for 2000 years and mostly disregarded as a form of government , yet for good reason there are no `` democracy studies around '' because lets be honest having that would just be simplified and useless political science . 
  because to even begin something called `` democracy studies '' one needs all the basics of political science . 
  hence it being a sub field of pol .
