  science . 
  because any discussion of democracy is quite useless if you have no idea about anything else in pol . 
  sci . 
  as you can see lower in the comments , i think its important i just cant bring myself to accept it as a separate thing . 
  i mean that basically history coupled with sociology , which i do find very important . 
  i do n't know if you noticed , but i actually was only listing other subareas of of social science which while interesting and scientifically interesting , imo should not be separate areas as they are basically a specialization of one of the aforementioned subjects . 
  i was basically describing a relation from an area to a subarea and not a subarea to another subarea . 
  so i brought forth examples of other things with a similar mapping . 
  the fact that i brought up other examples does not mean that i consider them the same thing , but nice try . 
  while we are at it , i think an argument can be made that food/study of edibles is in fact more important/had bigger impact than gender studies , but okay . 
  that 's true ... 
  yes . 
  well mainly the video is . 
  but since he is using that as his `` source '' then yes . 
  i honestly do n't know much about anything . 
  but i guess , no matter where you stand on marxism/communism , marx is an important/influential historical person . 
  just like cesar hitler ghengis kahn and or martin luther ( both ) or anyone else . 
  they all had a huge influence on our modern day world . 
  meh ... in that case we might as well start food studies animal studies ... which do n't get me wrong are imo just as interesting but i no way an academic field on their own . 
  more coupled with history/sociology . 
  yea ... same with guys running around with swastikas ... 
  i mean come on guys read a book and educate your self . 
  do n't forget the likes of judith butler . 
  also , why do n't you think they are unfortunate ? 
  i have huge respect for many social sciences , but i really just cant bring myself to respect womens/gender studies as a thing . 
  ah ... do n't you love 1:30 videos breaking down complicated and nuanced philosophical topics to a level where it really does n't warrant a discussion anymore . 
  * forfeit also . 
  no you can not forfeit human rights . 
  that 's ( thankfully ) not how it works . 
  also , as much as i hate the whole , that 's what nazis did thing , lets just say , that 's exactly how these people come to do what they are doing . 
  they do n't see people has humans . 
  but we are , everyone is . 
  and we better be acknowledging that , otherwise we really are no better . 
  i want to know how the terrorist has more human rights . 
  because they literally have the same human rights , which is exactly the point of human rights . 
  oh yeah how could i miss the great german colonies called japan and ottoman empire , or the long time american ally russia/china, 
  dude the sun is a quality paper !, 
  fun fact due to the way the eu is structured . 
  relatively speaking the uk has more per capita power than germany in the eu than england has in the uk . 
  the last two times europe had a war , they ended up being called world war . 
  also : yea , know i left out some balcan conflicts . 
  while i think thats shitty and all , and should not be the case , i sometimes really wonder , dont you guys have the ambition to just be better than that ? 
  i mean are you really that petty ? 
  do n't you just feel superior/better , when you do n't fall as low as those uneducated racists ? 
  while i fundamentally disagree with you and honestly believe you are a racist prick . 
  i do want to inform you , that while yes , the eu itself is to some extend ( for very good reason , considering european average birth rates and the fact that most countries including germany has an intergenerational contract ) pro immigration . 
  i just want to tell you , that that 's not really the eus fault but mostly its member states ' governments . 
  in austria we sometimes say maschine, 
  how do you find du/die difficult ?? 
  is n't it quite similar in english . 
  to some people you say `` you '' others you talk to with sir/madame mam, 
  it is used but imo mostly in a sarcastic '' white trash '' impression, 
  lowest unemployment ? 
  that does not sound right . 
  haha, 
  nah ... probably ( northern ) tyrol somehwere, 
  many ? 
  its only a few . 
  afaik only brenner autobahn and it seems like this is there . 
  apparently more then one ... but 4 or 5 so almost none . 
  vienna is great !, 
  nah ... consulates i believe are not foreign soil . 
  wow ... id did not know that he is playing this angle ... sobotka really is just a fucking disgraceful piece of shit ... well i cant believe that i say that but lets hope the sp\u00d6 ... can stand their ground without being called edogan supporters . 
  wow ... that 's ... mildly infuriating . 
  haha ... there is a fun story about this . 
  so , as you might know last semester the former president of austria ( heinz fischer ) held a lecture at the university of innsbruck . 
  and the day after the sp\u00d6-meeting where kern suggested the other voting law , fischer had a lecture and someone asked him about this and what he thought of it . 
  to which fischer replied , that asking this question is kinda unfair , since he got a draft of the speech beforehand , but in that draft of the speech kern left out ( maybe deliberatly ) the part about the voting system , much to his dismay , as he is very strongly against it . 
  here is the lecture with the question , in german though . 
  fuck ... so 2nd derivative ? 
  yea thought they were referring to languages ... but they referred to countries not the languages in the countries . 
  i see that now , although i still find it weird to refer to countries when its about languages . 
  hmm ... did not know that . 
  eu average is 95 i think so austria is 96 ... which is i guess okay . 
  so yea i think it really is not significantly better or worse than anywhere else in western europe . 
  hey so the 3rd derivative is already positive right ? 
  http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sh.imm.meas i dont know what is wrong or right ... but thats what i found . 
  its children though not total population ... whatever difference that makes i dont know . 
  at least not bigger/smaller than other places with similar demographics . 
  bottom of the list again ... wait, 
  english is more romanic then austrian is hugarian/slavic, 
  partially austria ??? 
  except germans . 
  generally without problems you can always keep any citizenship that you carry since birth . 
  good point . 
  i. . . did not know that austria had that much wind energy . 
  not true . 
  i am austrian , and dual citizen , not turkey though . 
  there are literally hundreds of exceptions from the whole `` no dual citizen deal '' one ( the most prominently ) is , that you can keep your citizenship if you have it since childhood . 
  frankly i think most anti immigration policies nowadays are fighting symptoms . 
  i mean i am all for taking in asylum seekers etc. . . but as it has been done the last few years was just bad/wrong/rash ... and now instead of fixing the problems , most things are just fixing symptoms etc. . . i mean just look at the burka ban , ... 
  quick question . 
  if i as a eu citizen go to another eu country live/work there , can i demonstrate ? 
  its even 18/20 , which i know is the same ration , but still . 
  have you read the top commend ? 
  here you forgot this : / s, 
  if we expect them to behave like we do in our countries , it only seems logical to do the same in theirs . 
  norbert hofer homestory ? 
  i still believe that there are good arguments on both sides of the aisle . 
  and i think it is wrong to think that this is a very good thing with little downsides ... on the other hand i think it would be foolish to believe that not having this ban is without doubt the way to go .
