  just fucking no . 
  i think i 've seen one in the whole last year . 
  wait ... what is up with austria ? 
  he is a retarded idiot . 
  but some of his ideas in this article are n't that bad . 
  wait , what ? 
  no we do n't . 
  i do . 
  its part of the eu , and therefore also our burden to carry . 
  haha ... make s\u00fcdtirol austria again !, 
  came case , bitch !, 
  yea sure ... wait til tirol has its own referendum . 
  honestly now after the brexit i support scottish independence , i did n't before though . 
  funny thing about the president , he is quite powerful , but has never used it , for obvious reasons . 
  but hofer actually threatened to use them . 
  i am probably extremely biased ... but to me , there are very few cities that can compete with vienna . 
  well it definitely is part of german literature before the `` weimarer klassik '' . 
  tyrolean here , we call you ostschweiz or gsiberger . 
  what do you prefer ? 
  well that depends on what you mean by complexity . 
  for example algorithmic complexity most definitely is not subjective . 
  and i would go as far as saying complexity of a machine is also not subjective . 
  yea he only suspended it . 
  yes . 
  and in the summer after the first attempt at an election he officially left the party . 
  he officially ran as independent, 
  its more the other way around technically independent practically not so much . 
  fuck yes !!!, 
  thank you 2016 for not fucking me this time . 
  2016 did not let me down in this , thank god !, 
  i live in a conservative christian part , and i am fairly sure most people myself included would get like 5, 
  as someone said , morality is a cultural aspect , not human aspect . 
  i think what he is trying to say is that there is a difference between , betraying your so and not helping someone who had an accident ( for example ) . 
  i kind of agree . 
  one is basically breaking the `` public '' relationshp ( societies rules ) the other is breaking a personal rule . 
  in a way one could describe what he is ( probably ) trying to say , is that morals are what culture/society impose on you . 
  the other is a personal relationship , but that are not morals , rather a personal `` contract '' that you have with an other person . 
  whether you agree on this , does not matter , but i think it is a good distinction to make . 
  i dont think the one thing is comparable to the other . 
  also ... so what , who am i to judge , his/her choice , i really do n't care . 
  but then again i am young and naive . 
  still though , i know of a few people who are unfaithful in their relationship , and i really have a hard time giving a fuck about that . 
   flat terrain look who is talking, 
   dead gay leader guy which one ? 
  i am well aware of that , hence the `` on reddit '' part !, 
   men today are just unmotivated could be said about anything/anyone . 
  this `` claim '' has absolutely no value . 
   i know too many cases where college males just do n't know their priorities . 
  same as above could be said about anything and has absolutely no value . 
   maybe women just want to be teachers more than men do maybe women just want to be housewives more than husbands do ? 
  i dont agree or disagree with you but your arguments are really really bad . 
  i think there was never an `` outrage '' about that on reddit . 
  i 'm actually tempted to downvote this just because your first sentence is so stupid . 
  all that lebensraum, 
  wait ... we have border disputes ?? 
  russia might , just to spite the eu ... of course they need to be careful themselves, 
  i wish the translator would be louder, 
  exactly !, 
  fyi the parliament had a hearing on it last week and voted against it beeing further discussed ( \u00d6vp / fpo/teamstronach ( lol ) voted against it ) . 
  but statues you pay once . 
  the last point is different for each municipality i believe . 
  worth noting that at least in the south of germany and austria `` die see '' is more poetic . 
  wait a second ... austria is not at the bottom ? 
  what are you guys doing ??? 
  it cant be that difficult to outpace us, 
  i hate greenpeace like any other guy ... but damn . . thats creative !, 
  wait ... are you saying that sobotka is not tech savy and a great minister ??? 
  :o \\ s how did you find the draft and who the rapporteur was ? 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  eu candidate turkey lol, 
  seems like your mix tape with all the tracks is fire !, 
  are university libraries air conditioned ? 
  well i am from northern tyrol ... 
  well i am from northern tyrol ... 
  well i am from northern tyrol ... 
  well i am from northern tyrol ... 
  maybe but culturally they are quite different . 
  and since southern tyroleans would never considerm themselves to be from trentino . 
  but yea you are right same province different region ( or vice versa ) . 
  just so you know . 
  trentino and s\u00fcdtirol ( alto adige ? ), 
  are two separate provices . 
  and this village is in trentino not s\u00fcdtirol . 
  source ? 
  we got elections in fall , and the right wing populists are definitely going to be in the governing coalition . 
  which party the other party will be , remains to be seen . 
  what did that cost you ? 
  i was thinking about something similar , but frankly i dont think i can afford it . 
  as i stated above . 
  its good that there is one . 
  its just that i never felt the need for one . 
  meh ... there is a difference between economic/business neutrality and military neutrality . 
  though i agree to some extend , yet i still do n't feel `` threatened '' by an other country or ever have been . 
  maybe it 's because i live in austria and honestly who wants something from us also we are neutral ( lets hope it stays that way ) , but i have never in my entire live felt like some other country wants to invade parts where i live . 
  never in my live have i felt the need for a military ( i support that we have one , just never felt the need , lets hope it stays that way ) . 
  or should of, 
  haha so true , i still dont know why people get that wrong . 
  judging by the humorous comments in here i think everyone takes it as a joke . 
  the more i learn about the french system of electing their parliament together with their president the more i become a fan of that ... 
  fun fact : liechtenstein is the only country entirely surrounded by countries with no coastline,
