nice, 
  i did not understand him ... 
  i was so certain it 's gon na be a rickroll, 
  lol, 
  austria has a pretty low risk as well ... 
   austria [ ... ] educated , open mentally balanced lol . 
  nope nope nope nope nope ... 
  it worked up until europe and us decided assad was not within his boundaries so we need to ship weapons to people opposing assad . 
  now that assad is gone . . they got power hungry and though ya know what ... lets create an own country called is, 
  lol ... i hope you are fucking trolling ... 
  a lot of referendums whether or not to stay in the eu ... followed by a lot of talking about a lot of states leaving the eu ... 
  can someone write what supposedly happened and what supposedly really happened ? 
  no ... i am talking about the general truth value in said quote . 
  purely the fact , that for several month/years now people have been drowning in the mediterranean on boats from northern africa ... etc. 
  and now suddenly people care about it . 
  eventhough the quote is based on a satirical speech/sentiment . 
  it still sadly holds a truth value . 
  okay sorry my bad hypocrisy indeed , was the wrong word , how about ignorance ? 
  i have no clue what you are talking about ... and it seems like you have no clue what we are talking about . 
  i think it also could be the fact that he is bothered by the fact that people never really cared about thousands of people dying but suddenly a picture of a child shows up and suddenly they care ? 
  i think he merely is annoyed about the hypocrisy ... 
  he is right though . 
  nope it is n't . 
  vienna is cheap af, 
  that 's because part of it is in europe, 
  well we have horse driven carriages ... but thats more for tourists i guess . 
  and about the homosexuals ... as said , i am fine right in the middle . 
  yea but not part of the height of european cold war . 
  dont they have to get to work at like 5 in the evening and go home at 5:30 ? 
  im fine right in the middle . 
  yea its also wrong ... 
  depends on where you live ... vienna is pretty cheap to live ... whereas tyrol ... damn that shits expensive yo ... 
  also , austria was never russian ... what parts of germany cant say for themselfs ... 
  what difference does it make , what they believe ? 
  this is about what we ( should ) believe . 
  i am not even saying anything about refugees all i am saying is that there should be no distinction between men and women . 
  how sexist ... why shouldn \u00b4 t women fight ? 
  seriously ? 
  i thought we live in a educated and elightened society where men and women are equal ... 
  i dont know . 
  i think it has to do with the fact that most people above 50 still remember how time after war was ... even my grandmother told me how she remembered how an american soldier brought her and her friends sweets once a week in the 40ties . 
  and if she could she would do the same for any refugee . 
  lol , they fucking dont ... they have no fucking wealth ... also even if they had , why should they be the only ones . 
  yea i dont know what people expect ... like cuffing 4000 people ? 
  i think i have some exemplars of mein kapf lying around ... 
  like this is weird ... i dont konw what you mean with exams ... we have grades aswell but exams are 1 part of the grade . 
  acctually they make up 1/3 of the grade . 
  i dont know what the fuck is wrong with you thinking . . that germany and other western countries could just take all the refugees coming to europe without the eastern countries helping out . 
  yea germans once loaded people on a train and the conductor had a big fat red x on treplinka, 
  i \u00b4 m not really comparing them ... you compared them . 
  all i said is that it makes sense to visit auschwitz on holiday just as it makes sense to visit the colosseum . 
  they both represent important historic events that should not be forgotten and that everyone should know about . 
  i just want to let you know that many thousand people and animals were slaughtered in the colosseum ... edit : also i go on holiday to learn stuff etc. . . and there are the days i want to learn about ancient rome and there are the days i want to learn something about the 3 . 
  yea and still things living and going out etc. . . is just a lot cheaper . 
  i can however only compare to my part of austria which is the most expensive part . 
  i dont know man ... i mean all other points you said are true ... but i was buying a ton of groceries ... and they were cheaper all the time ... i mean not as cheap as lets say east asia , but definitely 10 % cheaper ... depending on a product ... so lets say a big bottle of ice team 1,5 $ here would maybe cost 1 $ there ... 
  really ??? 
  i mean really ? 
  i live in austria which when it comes to groceries etc is more expensive than germany . 
  but believe me when i tell you when i went to the check republic ( granted its not hungary but its in the east and even more in the west than hungary ) things where cheap as fuck even in prague itself not only on the outside on the country site but in the capital itself things where cheap as fuck ( obviously after converting their prices to $ , but i assume this is obvious ) . 
  also it seems like you can not understand having to pay a hole lot of money more than you have to for normal groceries ... 
  but thats how it works ... 
  i still dont understand your point though . 
  i mean of course not everyone as equal advantages from the eu . 
  and i think this `` western '' or rich europpean elititsm is horrible and stupid . 
  but still , i find east european countries should have to take refugees just as much as western european countries . 
  well i go to the colosseum aswell to learn about history ... it just so happens death camps are part of our history ... at least we acknoledge it as our history . 
  same cant be said about all countries . 
  i dont know what country you are from but let me tell ya that even to most uneducated people most of the time understand that reference in my country . 
  nah ... you cant say it like this . 
  the hungarians were very content with the situation . 
  since they were politically and socially part of austrian hungary . 
  the problem where all the other `` countries '' part of austria-hungary since they had no political infulence at all like the hungarians had . 
  right ? 
  that was my first reaction to this : `` holy shit , am i dreaming , a sensible politician ??? '', 
  come to think of it ... its kinda sad , but true . 
  actually your gdp comparison is wrong ... its not so bad . 
  also the average level of living education and wealth etc. . . is much higher than most of the countries you named ... ie ukraine and kazakhstan . 
  well i get his point eventhough he is very populistic . . and he is definitely trying to bring across an agenda while not beeing very objective ... but he has a point , however in europe the problem is not poverty that drives people to us , its mostly the fact that they are prosecuted in their home countries ... 
  well its also wishful thinking ... of course that what should be done ... but complete assimilation is not and will never be achievable . 
  which again , leads us to the question : what to do ? 
  i know what you mean ... but also when i talk irl about it i just avoid it ... because every oppinion is just an oppinion and has its huuuuuge downsides . 
  i dont see a middle ground because either way it means that you have to seperate some people which is just unfair to the few who could not make it to the favourable half . 
  every time i just hear a small debate about this topic i feel like both sides have compelling arguments ... and generally i would prefer accepting asylants etc. . . but then suddenly you hear about some islamic extremists and ... i have no fucking clue ... so i just avoid all discussions . 
  oh ... i feel so bad for acctually laughing at this . 
  i still dont know what to think about this whole asylum/migration thing ... 
  yep . 
  here in the west ( a lot of mountains ) you see a lot of mountainbikers/downhillers and speed bikers ( doing the sport not to get somewhere ) but in the city ( innsbruck ) its full of bikes . 
  just that everyone knows . 
  the negotiations are secret . 
  its horrible yes , but it is not as bad as the title suggests it is . 
  the ttip-deal itself wont be secret . 
  the negotiations are secret , which they should not . 
  ... that was kinda sarcasm , cus he is austrian . 
  hitler is my least favorite german, 
  i wonder what the last austrian nobel prize was for , and when . 
  i \u00b4 d imagine its like from the 80ies or something cant imagine our education system currently nurturing anything meaningful . 
  kissinger won the nobel peace prize ... soo yea . 
  also why not give the peace prize to isis to encourage them to do more peaceful things . 
  the prize is a fucking joke .
