  i 'm sure 90 % of russians are rather indifferent about american tourists but i do n't want to deal with this kind of shit when i 'm on vacation . 
  but we 're one country . 
  why is wales important ? 
  why is brandenburg , germany important ? 
  many european countries are themselves a small confederation of states that came together under one flag . 
  let 's put apples to apples . 
  first schengen border with man-eating , giant crocodiles and great white sharks . 
  i think this depends on if you were the dude getting impaled or not . 
  it 's a crime here , too . 
  the thing is , it 's really liberal with respect to public figures . 
  you should hear the stuff people say about obama . 
  if you said the same thing about your neighbor in a public place , you could get sued . 
  the only way sanders wins the nomination is if hillary ends up arrested and the democrats ca n't find anyone to step in and take her place . 
  the defense of marriage act is a notch on his belt a lot of people forget when they look at his presidency . 
  if hilldawg was n't still running for offices i think she would n't have changed her tune about gay marriage . 
  i think obama was generally a good president but he did continue some of the worst things about the bush presidency . 
  we 're going to be missing his ass really quick , regardless of your political stripes . 
  you should know what it 's like being a dutch colony , indonesia . 
  well it looks like they 're taking care of that isolation thing . 
  that 's not what i asked you though . 
  you 're confident he wo n't leave prison . 
  i 'm asking why ? 
  is it a failing of the system that he wo n't leave prison ? 
  why keep a man in prison if he ceases being a threat ? 
  full disclosure , i 'm playing devil 's advocate here . 
  we 're talking about a system where we do n't punish , we heal . 
  quite frankly , i could n't care less about breivik 's well-being . 
  you might be bigger than me but the guy mass murdered children and i do n't have an ounce of sympathy for him . 
  and yet you probably went to college for `` free '' , right ? 
  nice try , mahmoud abbas . 
  why ? 
  is n't the point to rehabilitate him ? 
  if he changes his tune , why would he not get out of jail ? 
  if the idea is to * punish him * , then they 're doing a really shitty job . 
  what has obama done to create racial clashes ? 
  it 's amusing that , some day , it 's going to be easier for me to go to china than the eu as an american . 
  china and the us at least reciprocate 10 year tourism visas . 
  they should put on stormtrooper helmets in solidarity . 
  seriously though , you need to follow the laws of the country you are entering . 
  the bigger issue is being forced to go there if the headscarf is that personally degrading to you . 
  you 'd only be giving money to oppressive regime just to gawk at the best part of a dystopian society . 
  every dollar you gave them would go to support the operation of prison camps . 
  i guess if that does n't bother you and you want to brag about going to north korea , go for it . 
  considering the fact that he has [ advocated murdering the families of terrorists ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/02/politics/donald-trump-terrorists-families/ ) , i 'm going to go ahead and not give him the benefit of the doubt on this one . 
  [ exhibit a ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/07/politics/donald-trump-muslim-ban-immigration/ ) [ exhibit b ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-syrian-refugees_us_560cdf1be4b076812700d2d9 ) . 
  full disclosure , i do n't know if he 's backpedaled on this . 
  he tends to add and drop political positions on a regular basis . 
  it might make more sense to frame it this way : if you were visiting boston , you might decide to stop by montreal as well . 
  it 's not the same country , but it 's nearby and your irish passport easily gets you into both countries . 
  not to mention , you dropped the dough on the airfare over the atlantic . 
  we americans are horrible at geography but this one actually makes sense , 
  what are you talking about ? 
  he 's got facts . 
  tremendous facts . 
  people love his facts . 
  he went to a good school , got a lot of facts -- huge facts -- let me tell you . 
  facts are like deals . 
  you do n't get the good facts without knowing how to negotiate . 
  he 'll get the best negotiators to get the best facts . 
  we 'll get the best facts you 've ever seen , it 'll be beautiful . 
  i 'd take a ryanair , which from what i hear is marginally better than swimming . 
  `` yeah well how many people in america get shot by ____ ? '', 
  you 're all missing the point . 
  entirely . 
  he 's using the chaos in europe to support his anti-muslim policies * here * . 
  it 's not about making america safe again ^ ( tm ) , it 's about his suggested policy to kick out all of the refugees and to not allow muslims into the country . 
   i had to explain to them that borders do n't work that way . 
  why not ? 
  our passport can get us into your country without issue . 
  the process is the same : i get off the plane , i get my passport stamped , and i go on my way . 
  if i were visiting the uk i 'd probably stop by ireland to check it out . 
  it 's more of a `` no one cares how much i love bernie sanders or how much bitching i do about hockey '' thing . 
  there are people who accuse the government of planning 9/11 and they 're still kicking , unaffected by the surveillance state . 
  the government 's gawking at my balls at the airport , which is probably a bigger deal to me than the nsa reading my petty rants . 
  you ca n't possibly be comparing the ira to isis . 
  not that i support the ira or anything but they 're a far cry from `` i 'm willing to blow myself up to kill a bunch of innocent people '' , do n't you think ? 
  i do n't think your other examples are all that great either . 
  someone who supported che 's revolution probably did not commit a crime , but che brutally murdered plenty of innocent people . 
  the execution issue is another matter and i do n't think it 's dichotomous with `` rehabilitation '' . 
  you should lock them up for life even if you rehabilitate them . 
  if my loved one were murdered by one of these lunatics , i 'd want that person to be punished . 
  maybe you 're just bigger than me and believe in forgiveness even in these circumstances . 
  trial ? 
  woops , we skipped a step . 
  read : chickened out . 
  i 'm sure he 'll be singing like a canary to dgse . 
  you misunderstand . 
  sanders just meant that romania , having lots of white people , is very wealthy . 
  they do n't know what it 's like to be poor like people in the us with shitty internet . 
   will abdeslam talk at all ? 
  even hardened militants do often give information eventually . 
  there 's something quietly dark about this statement . 
  i believe we require more visas than the reverse as well . 
  it is more common than not , for most countries , to reciprocate visa programs . 
  for example , taiwanese just earned the ability to come here visa free like last year ? 
  it 's a tremendous wall . 
  people love my walls , i got rich off of them . 
  i have the best walls . 
  i went to wall school , great education , i have huge walls , i promise you . 
  stop looking at my hands .
