  in fact , if you go to the taoist temples or the buddhist temples , you 'll find a lot of people `` venerate , just in case '' which is pretty funny when you know your friends are atheists . 
  i do n't think it 's the fact that she 's into spooge , stowing things away in tight places , and 3p that makes people say wtf . 
  just kind of weird to think of someone doing that on twitter as nonchalant as taking a picture of your lunch or something . 
  well since people nailed you with downvotes and did n't bother saying why : no . 
  he 's implying that our allies should not question our commitments to eastern europe . 
  because that 's what eastern europe has been doing . 
  you know , we had to do this with our allies in asia too when the crisis was young . 
  regardless of the fact that we 're not obligated to ukraine in any military capacity , inaction breeds skepticism . 
  i think the city is spelled ramstein . 
  rammstein 's popularity has ensured typos for at least a generation . 
  yeah but that does n't change people freaking out . 
  we had to shore up eastern european faith and we had to go to asia on a reassurance tour . 
  seriously , this conflict has only mad the us look worse regardless of how justified we are in not going in guns akimbo . 
  we 'll tow you all the way around to washington so you get your natural habitat of rainy sadness . 
  and uh , the local laws . 
  you 're welcome . 
  it 's just so inconvenient for everyone to travel here ... plus our population is armed to the teeth . 
  i do n't trust appalachian hillbillies to know the difference between a latvian and a russian before they pull the trigger . 
  to be fair , there are plenty of men in the us ( and other semi-religious countries ) who have the same hypocritical view . 
  it 's not uniquely russian . 
  i think a better story would be `` how many members who do not meet the current 2 % guideline are decreasing their military budgets '' or something like that . 
  like / u/koleye said , it 's pretty much expected for spending to decrease . 
  lol korea was n't a proxy war . 
  america put 500,000 boots on the ground and we lost over 30,000 soldiers . 
  china lost 10x that many by some estimates . 
  americans and chinese killed each other quite directly . 
  * whistling , clicks save *, 
  put it this way , news about herpes-infested monkeys and guys high on bath salts turning into cannibals make much more sense when you see '' ____ , fl '' in the opening line . 
  let the eu do it , why is this nato 's problem ? 
  did poland get invaded again ? 
  this whole mess started because ukraine wants to be an eu member state . 
  i really do n't think the us should get militarily involved at any stage for a non-ally . 
  very true . 
  i had western europe in mind . 
  i do n't think anyone needs to convince eastern europe of the importance of a strong military !, 
  disaster ? 
  i ` d say `` absence '' until the member states form a respectable military that is n't just the uk and france + freeloaders . 
  you think putin would be less aggressive with a weak eu military ? 
  he attacked ukraine for wanting the eu , not nato . 
  do n't expect the uk and france to pick up our slack when we leave . 
  lol they 'll fight the eu 's enemies down to the last brit/frenchman !, 
  your flair makes the `` intervention '' criticism pretty delicious . 
  militarizing in your own borders is escalating a conflict because it makes an expansionist regime feel uncomfortable . 
  yes , i 'm paraphrasing , but that 's essentially what the dialogue is saying . 
  it 's appeasement . 
  europe 's just hoping putin does n't have larger aspirations than eastern ukraine . 
  i think putin won . 
  not just land , but he proved just how worthless the eu was as a political power , and how divided nato is internally . 
  is n't it kind of pathetic that the us is the main responder to a nato ally 's concern in the face of the * entire reason they joined us * ? 
  the country everyone hates that 's 4,000 miles away ? 
  i think there needs to be some reorganization . 
  mainly , i want the usa * out * . 
  sell them missile shields , maybe on the cheap , but stop taking leadership roles in europe . 
  i 'm with you . 
  honestly , i do n't see why the us , canada , and uk should be in nato anymore . 
  i think the three of us are more than capable of handling each other 's defense , along with our loyal anglobros australia and nz . 
  russia 's not looking for ideological world domination , so i do n't see how issues in their region are our business . 
  to your point , i believe the eu would take its own defense seriously if nato did n't exist . 
  anyone want to help me out , as to why this would be a bad idea for the us ? 
  no one 's going to war with russia . 
  putin 's going to take as much of ukraine as he can and we 're all going to sit here and watch . 
  we 'll raise sanctions , which will hurt the russian people , and make him more popular than ever . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say china 's feeling good about making a play for some island 's eez . 
  feed them nothing but bacon in prison . 
  ouch with the downvotes . 
  you 're right though . 
  british and american soldiers gunned down unarmed german pows all the time . 
  it 's only a war crime if 1 . 
  you lose and 2 . 
  if the world is sympathetic to the winning side . 
  no one 's going to take an objective measure to the conflict . 
  otherwise putin and many of his top generals would hang . 
  it would be the first time the bundeswehr was met with cheers while marching through poland !, 
  i do n't think anyone is looking to germany for soldiers , but mutti really needs to stop playing good cop with putin regrading the militarization of eastern europe . 
  i do n't think anyone will hate germany over this . 
  if anything i 'm sure it will be america 's fault as usual , because we 're the reason putin is paranoid blah blah blah, 
  that 's preposterous . 
  we should all worship the one true god of hockey . 
  ... the budapest memorandum was n't a military obligation . 
  it was a promise to not invade . 
  we held up our end of the deal . 
  suddenly , this argument is brought up to prove nato is useless when history has shown that nato countries will fight for one another . 
  why the fuck should nato defend non-nato countries ? 
  nato is different because it 's a contract to defend one another . 
  do you think estonians and lithuanians wanted to go to afghanistan ? 
  the bond between the anglobros ^ tm is more than political . 
  it 's cultural . 
  we share the same language , legal system , and for the most part political system ( slight differences , with us and australia being on extremes ) . 
  shit the us would probably be part of the commonwealth now had we not had some disagreements about taxes and who was a `` true englishman '' at that point in time . 
  nato is definitely not the only thing holding us together . 
  i was speaking loosely regarding to the continentals , 
  sure . 
  we 're all sort of just standing around and watching a country get carved up like a cake . 
  this sets a pretty awesome precedent for when we invade other countries and carve them up like cakes ( make super kurdistan cake ) or when we allow other even more powerful countries go on a cake binge ( china ) . 
  do n't be scared . 
  just be selfish . 
  that 's what the rest of us are doing . 
  if we leave nato , it wo n't be long before it 's completely dissolved . 
  might be for the best , let the eu form its own military alliances as needed . 
  he 's not a troll , he just has very unpopular opinions .
