  i do n't understand this thought process . 
  it just means that we need to renegotiate our trade deals with both the uk and the eu . 
  you know we do n't need to pick one , right ? 
  because tuomas ruined nightwish by creeping on tarja too much . 
  fuck fanta , grab some jarritos , ese !, 
  euromexico , ameristralia ... we 're going toward a new world order . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
   that 's strange , i felt like most people liked the uk on this sub . 
  british humor is growing on me . 
  you just cursed millions of pale gingers to perpetual sunburn . 
   but be careful not to be eaten wat, 
  respecting sovereignty and independence means you do n't establish puppet governments ( us ) or make them a vassal state ( ussr ) . 
  it means you acknowledge them as an independent country operating with its own borders . 
  there is n't any language to me which suggests that us or ussr will go to war if one of them breaks the treaty . 
  contributing less to nato does n't diminish our relationship with the uk at all . 
  the us and uk would continue their military and intelligence * partnership * with or without nato . 
  the only difference is , the people at the trump rally have no idea who the fuck nigel farage is . 
  hon hon !, 
  you seem to feel strongly about this !, 
  putang ina = son of a bitch, 
  leave lithuania alone !, 
  well , i 'm not sure i agree with you that compulsory technology switches is a good place to start . 
  at least in the us , one of the biggest barriers is actually on the demand side . 
  we have the technology to mold pla containers , but major vips are shaving fractions of a cent off of single units , which become huge on a macro level . 
  pla just ca n't hang with that unless there are other incentives . 
  now , you can * force * them to make the switch , but if they need to essentially dump all of their current skus and validate new ones , you 're going to cause a considerable amount of chaos in what is already a low margin industry . 
  i 'm speculating here , but marketing people at the company know how much consumers are willing to pay for pla forks if they did the research . 
  i 'm guessing there is considerable fear from those companies that the demand for their product will drop considerably if they make the switch . 
  on a lighter note , it might surprise people to know that the packaging materials industry actually does fund a considerable amount of projects and research on sustainability . 
  ranging in size and scope of course . 
  everyone knows we need to change what we 're doing . 
  it 's just difficult until the economic incentive is there . 
  it 's also all for naught if , as you said , people remain ignorant about what `` green '' means for a material . 
  pla carriers floating around in the ocean are probably worse than hdpe carriers floating around in the ocean . 
  at least chain scission is engineered into the hdpe carriers . 
  i think if you 're talking about government actions , tax incentives for using bio-based resins make more sense to me personally . 
  keep on studying , m ` friend . 
  go to grad school and invent a cheap biopolymer , please . 
  compostable bags wo n't bio-degrade in the ocean . 
  what you want are highly photo-oxidative bags which break down into smaller bits . 
  that 's what they do with the six pack carriers these days in case you were wondering . 
  course i 'd rather have 0 trash in the ocean . 
  i encourage you to look up composting as a consumer . 
  pla bags will probably float around just as long as ldpe bags . 
  that 's an enormous reason , though . 
  it does n't matter if these can be composted if you do n't have a compost bin . 
  even paper survives landfills . 
  most of the pla cutlery i 've seen makes up for the brittleness by being molded thicker . 
  when comparing pla cutlery to pp or whatever , you need a full lca to really say which one is better . 
  pp may use half of the material , and if pla is being landfilled/incinerated , it might over-shadow that `` bio-sourced '' thing . 
  though i imagine the industry is fighting this not for that reason , but to keep the number of skus/lines down . 
  wait , she looked at you ? 
  lucky . 
  why would the countries who do n't want to spend money on their military want to ratify a rule like that ? 
  if the us adopted a `` fuck shit up and leave '' policy , we 'd have a lot more in the win column and significantly more in the bank . 
   the den hague invasion act has shown the us does n't consider us allies , at best they consider us enemies they did a trade deal with . 
  no , that act just shows that the us does n't respect the icc 's jurisdiction . 
  major military powers , as you can see , tend to not want to submit to international courts . 
   them spying on our citizen has confirmed that , again . 
  so the us and france should feel that way about germany , or did you selectively delete that part of the spy saga from your memory ? 
  it was quite embarrassing for mutti . 
   and if they elect trump , they can fuck off . 
  actually , we 're in total agreement on that front . 
  canada 's going to need to build a wall if the polls start swinging toward the guy with the tiny hands . 
  obama is going to be available soon . 
  he 's not perfect , but he seems to be the only one talking like an adult these days . 
  rather the us is the only country to * make use * of article 5 . 
  there 's a distinction . 
  france and turkey could absolutely invoke article 5 the next time isis claims responsibility for an attack . 
  they just do n't want to because a full scale invasion of isis-held territories is simply not on the menu for * any of us * . 
  nato has been involved in other things that do n't directly affect the us at all . 
  relief efforts , attacking pirates , libya , for example . 
  yugoslavia , further back . 
   an eu army can be purely defensive . 
  like the japanese self defense force . 
  it would remove the reliance europeans have on the us . 
  might want to pick a defensive force that * is n't * reliant on the us for your example . 
  ukraine invited * the eu * in . 
  not nato . 
  why do n't you google some images of the maidan protests ? 
  though russia definitely did some good pr for nato . 
  no greater time to join nato , especially if you have a soviet russian diaspora in your country . 
  why ? 
  does canada need to manufacture problems to solve ? 
  most of the people itt are no better than donald trump . 
  these women are setting examples in their community . 
  what 's disturbing is that people also seem to be directing their spite towards sikhs . 
  guess it is n't just american hillbillies who do that . 
  cured by a regular dose of euphoria . 
  [ or ] ( https://img.costumecraze.com/images/vendors/rubies/810481-adult-inflatable-t-rex-costume-large.jpg ) ... 
  so if you specifically banned the niqab , once they are forced to abandon ethnic clothing they can still meet their veiled requirement by literally dressing like a terrorist ? 
  i understand your perspective , but you ca n't have a united eu foreign policy if you ca n't agree who your threats are and how they should be met . 
  they sure were n't committed to mutual defense when the baltic nations were calling for support during the crimean invasion . 
  why do you feel it is a burden to french communities if a woman shows up 90 % covered versus 15 % covered to the beach ? 
  french people do n't have to cover themselves up . 
  the delicious irony behind this whole thing is that it 's in the name of `` secular values '' . 
  the values that say `` you ca n't force women to dress a certain way because we value the rule of law over the rule of god , and the law says we are all equal '' . 
  all the pro-ban people are doing is * telling women how to dress from a different perspective * . 
  not once have i seen any sort of concern about what the people who are directly affected think . 
  who is the victim here ?
