  lmao, 
  i can see it now : donald trump : `` thankfully our european friends have given us a good reason to vet people from terrorist-ridden belgium and france . '', 
  getting a visa is n't a terrible feat , but depending on how vindictive the eu is with the policy and how difficult it is to get the visa , i 'm much more likely to go to asia than europe . 
  you think so ? 
  i do n't . 
  i went through an agent to get my chinese visa and it took a whole 2 weeks . 
  came in the mail , zero effort outside of filling out the form . 
  if you have the motivation to get a passport , a visa is nothing . 
  since a visa policy would likely be reciprocated , i think it 's just as likely the reverse is true . 
  it may seem like more americans go to europe than europeans go to america but it 's not really the case . 
  visas do n't necessarily mean you 're going to be put through the ringer . 
  i have a 10 year travel visa to china ... can come and go as i please . 
  a lot of chinese tourists have a reciprocated deal . 
  we do have a roma community , but they actually borged into americana when they came over . 
  most of them just identify as hungarian , or will say that when asked . 
  considering he decided to become star spangled awesome , why do n't we just take his legacy since serbia and croatia ca n't share ? 
  tesla was an american scientist . 
  ( waits ), 
  people are pretty illannoyed with you . 
  right ? 
  he was american !, 
  dear monks of antiquity who formulated the written script for the irish language : why ? 
  we got your back , bae . 
  the gop will turn on his ass once they get the aca repealed . 
  it 's no accident that mike pence is the vp and half of his cabinet is full of people who disagree with him on key issues . 
  you 'd swell with anger , too , if your neighbors always started fights in your yard . 
  so does canada ... and i 'd argue more canadians speak french with some level of fluency than irish speak irish . 
  donald trump is president because the democrats have utterly failed to listen to the concerns of the middle class . 
  while i support universal healthcare , the aca raised the insurance premiums on a lot of people who were already struggling , and they 're not necessarily getting better healthcare . 
  while it 's true that it expanded care to people in need , liberals need to understand that the people who were n't `` poor enough '' got slapped with these increases . 
  to your point , utterly dismissing the trump-leaning middle class was a nail in the coffin . 
  liberals drank their own kool-aid about being the party of the working man and took them for granted . 
  the next liberal contender for president is going to need to articulate a plan that wo n't actually cost the middle class any money and speak to them with a measure of respect . 
  if you 're playing in the mud with donald trump like hillary clinton did , you 're going to lose because * he 's much better at it than you are * . 
  that 's how the french tip in the us , too . 
  ( it 's a joke , guys ), 
  [ the original report seems to be a little more pointed ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/219880/article/ekathimerini/news/american-tourist-dies-in-zakynthos-brawl ) . 
  sounds like an american pissed off a bunch of drunk serbian fuckwits and then mob mentality took care of the rest . 
  hardly a fight when it 's 10 v 1 . 
  hope justice is served for all of the murderers . 
  i imagine a lot of this was fueled by booze rather than pure , organic malice . 
  lots of lives ruined here . 
  that 's what happens when you get fitted at men 's warehouse . 
  seriously though , i do n't know if he buys his suits off the rack or what . 
  you figure a guy that rich should have bespoke suits from people whose work costs a few thousand bucks at least . 
  there is a legitimate polish community in chicago . 
  lots of immigrants , lots of spoken polish on the streets . 
  china is a highly protectionist economy . 
  they are n't going to do a trade deal that is n't inherently heavily one-sided . 
  they have 1.3 billion people in their market , a strong manufacturing base , and tons of local companies they are going to protect with high tariffs . 
  all joe american knows about european politics is that france has a new president , and that terrorism is becoming a recurring * thing * . 
  our news networks these days are 75 % trashing donald trump and 25 % fawning over him . 
  we are barely covering the meltdown in venezuela !, 
  on a tangent regarding the `` without a problem '' thing : the type of people who dig into complete strangers based on the other 's nationality are basically awful , rude half-wits . 
  what kind of fucking idiot ca n't understand that tourists are n't couriers taking your complaints directly to the embassy for dissemination ? 
  it 's a good test for eu federalists to see if a strong `` central government '' can force its will on unwilling local governments ( i.e. , the forced integration of schools in the us , or the federal victory of loving vs virginia which legalized interracial marriage ) . 
  if you 're into federalism , anyway . 
  yes but the germans will still train with [ these ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/54/d6/30/54d630c16d198fa85fab55ef74917992--funny-costumes-cosplay-costumes.jpg ) . 
  they should change 1/64th of their flag . 
  plenty of palestinians are still the bad guys . 
  you can have bad guys on both sides . 
  it 's not that weird . 
  the right to exist is a manner of policy . 
  there are many governments whose official policy is that israel should not , and one day will not , exist . 
  that 's a pretty visceral reaction to a map . 
  haha ... well it might help that i 've been to china a few times and i have n't ever been to germany . 
  surrounding yourself with the language imparts their own set of lessons ... and more opportunities to practice . 
   that still does n't discount the fact that most western languages are simply easier to master . 
  unless you 're learning a germanic language without any system of assigning articles to nouns , with 6 verb conjugations and several more conjugations for tenses . 
  i studied 3 semesters of german ( not much ) and i found the learning curve on spoken chinese was much , much less steep . 
  if you know the words , you can string them together since you do n't need to conjugate anything . 
  in terms of spelling , german is way easier to learn to write . 
  however , chinese becomes easier and easier to remember once your brain breaks down characters into their radicals . 
  then you 're basically memorizing `` gestalts '' of smaller easy-to-remember things instead of a random assortment of lines . 
  do n't you think that 's exaggerating a bit ? 
  the scottish have a strong identity and a similar gap in scottish gaelic knowledge . 
  it 's okay , we 'll all be learning chinese anyway . 
  easy for you to joke when the dutch language is alive and well !, 
  boy the person who coined that name for mercury was sure in for a big surprise down the road , eh ? 
  not in a rush to become a vassal state ( again ) ? 
  seriously though ireland is highly valuable to the un as peacekeepers precisely because they 're neutral . 
  maybe your history has made people more sensitive to the prospect of a superstate forming over your borders . 
  tell your friend that only kiwis will appreciate the beauty of the livestock . 
  foreigners expect to speak * english * in china all the time . 
  not once have i seen a foreign tourist bust out some chinese while buying shit or ordering food . 
  i get what you 're saying , but no one is saying everyone needs to speak chinese , it 's just that there is a clear economic advantage to having one of your employees being bilingual . 
  if you want chinese tourists to have a solid command of english , you 're going to be waiting a while . 
  serious english education is what , 1 generation old ? 
  remove tagine !, 
  edgy . 
  mind directing us to all of the oil we apparently pillaged from afghanistan ? 
  that would be awesome if he applied that logic to literally everywhere he goes . 
  sadly if you 're american , you kick off a trip with a $ 700 - $ 1100 plane ticket . 
  as an engineer , that is a lot easier to swallow now than it was during grad school lol . 
  wears a lapel pin with the flag of indonesia . 
  david hasselhof ate a hamburger drunk on camera . 
  it 's my understanding that he represents every german . 
  if you 're going to whip up baseless conspiracy theory , can you at least incorporate some illuminati lizard people into this conflict ? 
  trump wo n't lose in 2020 because the democrats will nominate some liberal goober with a grating personality . 
  ukraine got into their current predicament waving eu flags at the euromaidan .
