  you 're born in ireland , you 're irish . 
   i want finland to be able to decide for ourselves , if we take part in a conflict or not . 
  no one wants to be dragged into one . 
  this defeats the purpose of military alliances . 
  if you want finland to be neutral , i totally respect that . 
  i 'm sure poland and latvia did n't want to get article 5 'd to afghanistan but i 'm sure they appreciate the treaty right now . 
  quite frankly you guys have ** much more ** to gain from us than we have to gain from you in a defensive military alliance . 
  i do n't take offense to people not wanting to ally with the u.s. , but come on ... at least educate yourself about nato obligations before you slag on our bro club . 
  hmmm maybe it would make more sense for the u.s. to move the af base from ramstein to somewhere in poland or another eastern country that generally accepts the american geopolitical agenda in europe ( russian containment ) . 
  i like all of the russian people i 've met ( mostly scientists ) , and i think the `` better sector '' of our societies want cooperation and peace . 
  i do n't have anything against russia as a country , other than maybe the government . 
  i felt like that is a necessary disclaimer for my next point . 
  the issue is that the russian government feels threatened by nato 's expansion , and the west ( particularly those countries who were on the shitty side of the iron curtain ) feels threatened by putin 's wanton clay harvesting . 
  you ca n't have friendship without trust . 
  i do n't think it 's going to happen within our life times . 
  `` how do you feel about the united states '' thread serbian op . 
  is sure to mention yugoslavia nato intervention as an example of meddling . 
  [ it 's that time again . 
   on another note this thread seems to be a big anti-american circle-jerk atm . 
  too much pro-us circlejerking lately with all of the troop deployment in eastern europe news . 
  maybe people need to decompress !, 
  i do n't claim my heritage and i wish a lot of americans would stop doing it . 
  our ancestors left because they were forced out of their homes in many cases , either by asshole despots or by poverty , or famine ( as with my irish ancestors ) , or a combination of all of those things . 
  what 's to be proud of about that ? 
  irish americans are the worst with this ( including my family ) . 
  the irish suffered a lot , and for a long time , in america . 
  those times are long over . 
  we 've had `` irish '' presidents . 
  time to knock off the enclave mindset that 's dominated a good chunk of american history , in my opinion . 
  i 'm * not * irish . 
  that was quite a passionate response to an asinine little comment like mine . 
  you 're waxing poetic about our ideals , i 'm talking about helicoptering !, 
  hey let us have our time . 
  stupid wars and dick-swinging defined your continent for a couple thousand years . 
  eventually we 'll helicopter so much that we 'll get chafed and bored of our expensive imperialism hobby like dad ( the u.k. ), 
  the `` the world hates us '' attitude is heavily overblown and honestly i think it 's mostly perpetuated by internet denizens who do n't travel . 
  there are also * positive * stereotypes that people have about americans ( really positive people , always optimistic , can-do/hard-working people ) that you do n't read about in two-minute hates on reddit . 
  no , we 'd go anyway . 
  it 's just easier to convince a war-weary america to participate in skirmishes with the russians if it 's american soldiers they 're attacking . 
  look , we called on nato in 2001 and we have n't forgotten that fact . 
  it 's not a bluff , ask the taliban . 
   i think that 's a terrible idea !, 
  the us ( and china ) might like it though ... why the hell would america and china want your economy to suffer ? 
  we trade with the e.u. 
  we rely on a strong e.u. 
  nevermind , i forgot we 're the big bad boogeymen . 
  i know this is going to sound rich coming from an american of all people , but if we ca n't financially punish ( or even ruin ) countries for doing stuff like invading their neighbors , what the hell is the point of having international law ? 
  ( america has benefited greatly from the hypocrisy i know ) . 
  do our alliances exist to fuck little countries like serbia who fall out of line ? 
  if the law/punishments do n't apply to russia and the u.s. because we 're too afraid to anger major powers , then why do we bother perpetuating this farce ? 
  i think the `` likelihood of being fucked by russia if putin goes full soviet '' factor weighed into lithuania 's decision . 
  same with your eastern-bloc buddies on that side of the graph . 
  you 're in nato . 
  nato answered america 's call in 2001 , we wo n't ignore you if russia gets `` feely . '', 
  i doubt they will though . 
  putin might be an asshole , a sleezeball , and other things but `` stupid '' is n't one of them . 
  41 % in china saying it 's morally unacceptable to drink alcohol ? 
  where did they conduct this study , xinjiang ? 
  on another note : moving to spain . 
  that puerto rican dude ( like all puerto ricans ) is an american citizen . 
  he has a fairly simple way of navigating life because the only difference between you and him is the language barrier . 
  the pr community is also fairly large , long-standing , and supportive in the u.s. ( because we have more pr living here than in pr itself ) . 
  the u.s. is also a very spanish-friendly country mainly because of all of the latin immigrants we have . 
  if you go to the hospital , there 's at least one mexican/pr nurse who can interpret for you . 
  i think the dynamic is different than , say , ethiopians/turks in a european country . 
  fair point though . 
  immigrants have `` made it '' in america for a long time . 
  all it takes is a community . 
   guomindang  japan flair wat, 
  keep in mind that we eat/drink huge things in america . 
  ^ ( yeah you 're probably right , but that 's still just over a glass per day =d ), 
  my great grandmother lived to 92 drinking a glass of wine a day . 
  i use `` wine '' liberally , because the first result when you google the name ( wild irish rose ) is a site called bumwine.com . 
  apologies for american math : 30g = 113562 ml 1 bottle of wine = 750 ml bottles of wine/year = 151.4156 bottles 151.4156 bottles / 52 weeks = 2.9118 bottles/week 1 bottle of wine = 4 glasses 4 * 2.9118 = 11.65 glasses / week wine for two people = 11.65 / 2 = under 6 glasses/week . 
  a glass of wine per day is good for your heart . 
  your uncle and aunt have figured out the ideal barrel size for a healthy heart . 
   for the same reason it would be very useful to quash russian aspirations once and for all which is another thing that would be much more easily achieved by a united eu . 
  the dutch barely contribute to their own national defense , you want to `` quash russian aspirations '' now ? 
  i think a united eu could only exist as a peaceful economic entity . 
  i think it would be very good at that , and might be able to use economic leverage for influence . 
  i also think it would be toothless militarily with its current member states a ) not agreeing on important regional issues and b ) no one wanting to spend money on missiles . 
  there 's a wee bit of difference between hunting deer in order to keep their population at a manageable level , and shooting lions because you love to watch them bleed . 
  now you know what it 's like to be next to canada . 
  `` harper is such a hoser !, 
  if it was n't for the americans he 'd never have been elected ! '', 
  i understand the rage , but i feel the `` protest '' sends a message devoid of real repercussions . 
  if i only checked reddit once every 3 days it would be like it never happened . 
  i do n't believe a majority of people would be willing to shut down for like 2 weeks to make a real dent in ad revenue . 
  i get the feeling like stuff like this is meant to be a public insult/loss of face more than a serious request . 
  willingness to fight did n't mean much in vietnam . 
  this sounds exactly like the majority of catholics in the us . 
  they do have a very vocal extremist wing , though . 
  and mel gibson . 
   i mean , they 're pretty much prudish and it 's not a country where i can ** read hentai in a metro . 
  ** * hon hon * !, 
  until another skeleton falls out of france 's closet like when the bnd was caught spying on clinton and kerry . 
  what you said is absolutely true , but with free speech comes consequences from that speech . 
  you 're not free from the consequences of things you say . 
  for example , let 's say the usa make draw muhammad day a national holiday to celebrate free speech . 
  i think you would find the muslim population in the usa become ostracized and `` other-ized '' , which may lead to consequences in society .
