   hence i 'm for the eu getting a few extra independent powers and asserting itself more as a block . 
  how are you going to do that if you are n't willing to put your allies at ease ? 
  why should the baltics fall in with germany if it 's obvious that america is the only one willing to stand with them ? 
  i do n't think germany is russia 's bitch . 
  i do think that western european countries and eastern european countries do n't really have the same perspective , though . 
  flair up . 
  `` the world '' does n't hate serbians . 
  you 're not even near the front of the hate line . 
  plus , the world has to spend a lot of energy hating americans . 
  there are 315,000,000 of us and it 's really tiring to hate every single one of us . 
  ^ ^ ^ / s ^ ^ ^ needed ? 
  seriously though , the reddit zeitgeist is a poor reflection of how people feel about your serbian self . 
  visit america , no one hates you here bud :d, 
  china and the us have a surprisingly good relationship . 
  i think both countries are fundamentally interested in the success of one another . 
  our governments have been fairly careful not to devolve into another cold war and usually get mushy in press releases after high level meetings . 
  the se asian territory disputes are admittedly a very delicate issue . 
  however , contrast all of that with russia . 
  we barely trade with them and lob sanctions their way . 
  we 've got an undeniably shitty relationship with vladimir putin and we do n't seem to be interested in smoothing that over . 
  and we 're doing this in part in favor of a country to which we have no obligations . 
  although we do compete with china for influence in the pacific , due to our frenemy-yet-amiable relationship with china , i do n't think they 're on the level with russia and our influence in eastern europe . 
  the screening thing is stupid . 
  what are you going to do , give them an aptitude test ? 
  `` dear muhammad , review the following the statement : jews should be beheaded publicly and with great tribute to allah . 
  does this sound like your personal leaning ? 
  please select yes , insh ` allah or no . '', 
  it 's not just islam that 's the problem . 
  our fob muslim immigrants are all about murica and our muslim communities are fully integrated into our society . 
  poor mongols . 
  destroy half of the civilized world * just once * and they do n't let you stop hearing about it for the next 700 years . 
  what , the religious nature ? 
  italians and poles are n't religious or anything . 
  we 're not that different , you know . 
  i 'm sorry it bugs you . 
  the only reason we 're a `` slight oddity '' is we 're the world power , we do shitty things , and you hate us for it . 
  which on the uk 's part is kind of funny because you guys are so balls deep in all of it . 
  that said i do n't think the us would ever subjugate itself to eu authority , even if in some weird world you guys were grabbing countries from other continents . 
  uh i think most people here know him for impaling people on stakes . 
  in fact , that ` s probably the only thing he 's known for here : making kebab into kebab . 
  no shit . 
  we give 5x that much to a country we do n't even like and all we can make them do is look the other way , let alone tell them to make self-sacrificing economic decisions . 
  ouch . 
  i have n't been to a country with high english proficiency yet so i have never had problems . 
  i think it 's part bad luck if you have them . 
  seriously how mentally unstable do you need to be to go off on someone like that ? 
  do n't limit your traveling to countries that do n't hate americans . 
  you 'll basically be stuck with the philippines . 
  oh i think that was lost long ago . 
  as an italian you probably know what it ` s like to sink into your chair whenever your country is in the news . 
  absolutely not . 
  many eastern europeans fought and died for us . 
  how could we turn our back on them ? 
  plus , if we did n't ... good bye nato . 
  good bye asian power projection . 
  the us would become an inconsequential power overnight . 
  that 's a great point , but i 'm guessing it was more of a pointed question than anything . 
  the point of asking ( in my opinion ) was not to organize base placements but rather to confirm the german position on russia . 
  and really , that was accomplished . 
  what that would be worth politically , i do n't know , but for countries absolutely terrified of russia it 's probably a consideration . 
  fine , you want a selfish reason , here 's one : if we did n't defend you , our influence in asia would be zero . 
  korea would completely jump ship and maybe get even closer to china than they are now . 
  japan would probably kick us out of okinawa and take control of their own problem with china in the `` abe '' fashion . 
  the philippines would rethink their love for us ( and would absolutely cancel any hope of opening a naval base there ) . 
  so , actually , defending you against an incursion would be in our own interest and it has nothing to do with europe . 
  you 're forgetting that europe is not the only continent that makes up our little political empire built on security promises . 
  the united states is reviled daily on numerous subreddits unless they 're built around baby elephant gifs or something . 
  i wo n't get started on all of the terrible shit people think about americans . 
  it 's been less `` fuck america-y '' around reddit this summer because i guess it 's russia 's turn . 
  i used to feel sad at seeing all of the terrible shit people say about my country , but after a while it 's just white noise . 
   i never said i wanted war with china in the first place . 
  i 'm sorry i was speaking generally , i did n't mean to look like i was accusing you of being paranoid . 
  i really only responded because of the `` act more western '' thing you said . 
   i do n't want to comment on how i feel about chinese tourists , because i have no idea how to phrase my disgust without coming across as incredibly racist . 
  the reverse is also true over there , just so you know . 
  americans and chinese have one big thing in common : deplorable reputations as tourists . 
  i think many people from our ( rather large ) countries do absolutely zero research on the local culture before they travel . 
  i do n't disagree with that last point about hong kong . 
  it 's hard convincing people i talk to that they ca n't conceptualize having freedoms and then losing them . 
  the very thought of the government blocking our porn is enraging to us . 
  in truth though , hong kong has never really had a lot of electoral freedom . 
  their freedom is mostly on the censorship side . 
  i think , in time , china will actually become more like hong kong than the other way around . 
  they might not have elections , but i think censorship will become more and more lax judging by some of the recent movies released in china . 
  in the end , i think the people should have a government that represents them . 
  if they do n't care about democracy and they prefer the stability of the ccp i think that 's their issue . 
  i do n't think it 's an imperative to encourage them in either direction . 
  i 'm worried about the us-russian relationship ... though we 've definitely been through hotter situations with them and came out just fine , 
   if china is so rich they can tell the rest of the world to fuck off there is no way to influence the government to get them to change into acting more western like japan and south korea i 'm not sure what you mean by `` act more western . '', 
  the chinese people generally are happy with the ccp . 
  honestly , the current government is probably the best they 've had since the 17th century . 
  life is improving , cities are developing , china is becoming relevant and strong ... overthrowing the government and adopting the `` western model '' is not really on a lot of people 's radar . 
  maybe your experience with chinese people is different , but most of the folks i 've met do n't really have any `` western ideal leanings '' other than maybe `` owning a house with a yard is fucking awesome . '', 
  china is changing quite a bit . 
  relations between the us and china are actually improving . 
  i think talks of war are paranoid but mutual respect is important . 
  plus , you have to wonder * whose * interests would become the fedeu 's interests . 
  someone 's got to lose out in one or more ways . 
  and for what , exactly ? 
  their part of the country would still be less developed/wealthy than paris or berlin .
