it 's not that surprising , is it ? 
  ounces are mass , fluid ounces are volume . 
  your shampoo probably indicates 16 fl oz which is just south of half a liter . 
  from my experience , most shampoo bottles include both units , so that 's odd . 
  metric has already replaced imperial where it actually matters . 
  it 's not like when i 'm designing something for international consumption , i look at the units and drool . 
  but really , this debate is my favorite on reddit because i can not figure out why people care that i buy my milk in gallons . 
  nowadays , i do n't think china and the us would have problems if the us did n't : 1 . 
  meet with the uygher independence leaders . 
  meet with the dalai lama . 
  support democracy for taiwan . 
  support their arch enemy japan in all things . 
  barring these , i think chinese would have a neutral opinion of the us but it 's surprisingly still not bad ( equal to germany according to the most recent pew poll ) . 
  not saying the us should * stop * doing these things but i 'm not really sure the democracy/communism dynamic is at fault anymore . 
  fuck , foiled again . 
  off to taiwan i guess . 
  anyone got any more sunflowers to surreptitiously hand out ? 
   american football is such a crude sport actually , american football 's intricacies become apparent when you learn about the types of plays the offense and defense can run . 
  even before they hand off the ball , they 're constantly reading each other 's placement and estimating what the other side will do . 
  then the ball is snapped and in play , and they need to execute their plan while simultaneously adjusting to the unexpected things that happen ( defenseman plows through the offensive line faster than anticipated , etc ) . 
  point taken , though . 
  people here think `` soccer '' is boring as all fuck , but that 's just because they 're watching guys kick around a ball and never scoring . 
  they do n't understand the game enough to be constantly nervous . 
  come see the statue of liberty . 
  it 's a reminder that we were once loved and respected . 
  apt comparison . 
  also gives you an opportunity to stop raw-dogging her and treat your relationship more responsibly before bad shit actually happens . 
  yeah but honestly i 've gotten along swimmingly with turks , iranians , saudis , and russians even though i have nothing but contempt for their governments . 
  if you switch the roles you ` d know that these polls do n't mean every turk who hates our government is going to hate you . 
  the best thing you can do is read up on the local culture so you do n't do anything rude . 
  doing rude shit is probably the only reason people will hate you haha, 
  if you trust the pew polls , turks are very anti-us . 
  like , chinese favorability ratings of america dwarf the turkish perception . 
  few people want to spend their vacation where they feel unwelcome . 
  i do n't see why hawaii would have to change it . 
  it 's completely historical since we 're not part of the commonwealth . 
  i could see the headlines if ireland claimed boston . 
  *** * scottish bagpipes and shouts of ` tiocfaidh ar la ' welcome confused and horrified irish overlords *, 
  we 're east of russia , too . 
  surgical strikes on the virus itself . 
  our drones are getting really , really , really accurate . 
  i 'd buy stock in cathay pacific/dragonair , that 's what would happen . 
  there 's no way kazakhstan is going to come out and align with the eu . 
  trade still occurs between russia and the eu/russia and the us you know . 
  first , they 're russia 's biggest fan at virtually every level . 
  second , even if they were n't , it would be foolish to suddenly align themselves with the eu/west considering we 're all sitting around and beating off while ukraine gets carved up like a cake . 
  you mean the position of being involved in virtually every despicable thing we do but somehow avoiding any of the international ire for it ? 
  it must be the fucking accents . 
   that would be the final insult to the english , a german king on the throne of an independent scotland . 
  maybe the german king could change his family name to something more scottish . 
  surely there 's a precedent somewhere ... 
  the eu 's role is obvious . 
  kyiv wanted the eu and russia decided to get out the belt and take them behind the woodshed . 
  it 's not nato ukraine sought . 
  originally . 
  nato 's expansion into eastern europe undoubtedly has influenced russian foreign policy . 
  we 've sort of ceased being a purely defensive military force if you look at the balkans and north africa . 
  from a russian perspective , we are sort of squaring off and being all menacing-like . 
  after all , russia the reason nato exists . 
  in terms of this conflict , we * do * share some of the blame . 
  that said , russia did n't have to invade and annex ukrainian territory as a result of our alliance growing stronger . 
  he could have responded by getting bases in serbia or cuba and stocking them menacingly ( tit for tat ) . 
  instead , he decided to escalate it to the point of no return . 
  in fact , such a heavy handed action has cemented the need for nato . 
  how can we trust them after this ? 
  as far as all of the militarization of the baltics is concerned , that 's entirely putin 's fault . 
  how would it be cheaper and more effective if the biggest spender and military power were to leave ? 
  i do n't follow your logic . 
  i could see it being cheaper if everyone just stopped having militaries . 
  putin acts like a soviet sometimes , but the second biggest party in russia is pretty much * the * soviets . 
   unorthodox not happening then !, 
  no , not * that * closely related . 
  i did , however , drink some michael collins on st. paddy 's day and that was a cultural experience i will never forget . 
  1/5 native american ? 
  just missed out on the casino money !, 
  ^ ( 1/4 is usually the line for tribal membership ), 
  maybe technically but no one will call you that . 
  when i think british , i think united kingdom . 
  do you call canadians `` american '' because they share a continent with us ? 
  `` oh hey this is an american guy from canada . '', 
  words develop meanings over time . 
  the british identity was born into the concept of unity , and has been used throughout the british empire to that effect . 
  you 'll probably just be * scottish * to the world , not that there 's anything wrong with that . 
  i come here for european news . 
  i still read articles on asia on worldnews but the comment sections over there are like stepping in shit repeatedly . 
  you do n't exclude us though . 
  we have flair . 
  we volunteer our opinions . 
  let 's face it , any ask ___ thread will have a handful of us comparing ourselves to you anyway lol !, 
  the uk and us also duped them into the iraq war so there 's that . 
  you say making a mockery but a lot of people unintentionally do it . 
  anyway in hindsight maybe it was not a good example of superstition so i thank you for the correction : ), 
  religiosity in china is confusing . 
  on paper , it 's atheism . 
  however people are still generally very superstitious ( even educated people ) . 
  eat dinner with some people , shove your chopsticks into a bowl of rice like [ this ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcrzkqw6u4pgw2mg_v8nhrmiiy1pqre55y17oqd0jz2np4v2ick0 ) and see what happens . 
  for those wondering , it looks kind of similar to offerings to the dead . 
  * edit : i think i probably should have added an / s here . 
  do n't be a dick , of course . 
  * there 's also the small matter of making gifts out of clocks \uff08 song zhong\u9001\u949f sounds a * lot * like song zhong \u9001\u7ec8 which has a death connotation \uff09 so yeah there 's all that old-timey folk superstition that 's still very present today even in atheists , it 's not really a fedora-tipping `` m ` lady '' type of atheism .
