  obama dodged the serbian spelling transformation , i see . 
  slow down there , hope solo . 
  every day 's a holiday when you 're euphoric . 
  he sure is n't singing that tune these days . 
  why is the leg considered a non-lethal target ? 
  you can easily sever the femoral artery and kill the guy . 
  theoretically , a united eu army would make nato obsolete . 
  you could just have the entire eu leave nato and re-broker a new defense treaty with external member states ( us , uk , canada , norway , turkey , russia ) as desired . 
  of course , this depends on the willingness of individual member states to actually agree on foreign policy with one another . 
  and to fund their miltiaries . 
  you are worried about them paying twice ... they 're barely paying * once * . 
   well , a lot of people think they were against brexit but the us benefits a lot from a weak europe . 
  a lot of people `` think '' that because they watch the news . 
  obama supported remain and took some heat for that since it was viewed as `` meddling '' . 
  but of course , i 'm sure your conspiracy theory where the us wants as little influence as possible in the policies created by an economic giant * is * probably more reasonable . 
  why the hell would jill stein even be invited to something like this ? 
  she has no shot in hell of even spoiling the election for hillary , especially with gary johnson in the race taking a good heap of votes from the republicans . 
  the green party is the most limp-dicked political party in the us : virtually no ground game , virtually no presence on the air , and virtually zero local green candidates to push the party platform . 
  they 're seriously just fucking around , evidenced by their choice of some washed up , anti-vaxxer technophobe named jill stein . 
  there is little rhyme or reason as to where they draw the line at `` nation '' . 
  hong kong is n't its own country by any definition but they have their own team . 
  if the uk really wanted to , i 'm sure they could break into 4 teams . 
  what the hell are you even talking about ? 
  it 's like you saw my flair and then just started posting irrelevant , verbal diarrhea about how ignorant americans are with geography . 
  my comment was discussing favorability/unfavorability perceptions of the us in turkey . 
  in response to a comment about the same topic . 
  here you are making sweeping ( baseless ) judgments of americans and , with lack of any self-awareness , giving us a spiel about how you should inform yourself before discussing a topic . 
  take your own advice . 
  turkish favorability of the us is already below 30 % . 
  to put it into context , china is around 50 % . 
  portugal , tired of being lumped in with spain , attempts to flip the script . 
  `` chinese '' in the title , skip article , go to comments to post grievances with chinese shoppers . 
  oh no , travelers dress like schmucks when buying expensive things , ca n't have that !, 
  * this * duke of sealand happens to disagree with you , sir . 
  i 'm just ribbing you , mang . 
   why create another post on the matter to say the same thing ? 
  i find you saying this a bit amusing considering you x-posted this from / r/worldnews and copy-pasted the top comment word for word . 
  sure they have , how do you think they get the books from their shelves to the fire pit ? 
  not with that attitude . 
  the idea that countries will further segment their already pitiful expenses toward defense is amusing . 
  i think an eu army needs a federal eu , which has the authority to tax all citizens in the country in order to fund the common defense . 
  no penny pinching from smaller members who want to continue coasting like they do in nato . 
  otherwise , you just have a really weak version of nato where everyone is looking to france to pick up the slack . 
  it goes both ways . 
  nato came to the us 's aid in afghanistan . 
   i do n't think they want to use the pound anymore now that its in the shitter . 
  the euro is n't really much better , is it ? 
  the instability killing the pound is also affecting the euro . 
   scotland would n't be in a position to ask for anything like this as trade deals are negotiated by the eu . 
  true , so you guys would end up having to build a huge border with customs and everything . 
  otherwise , what stops someone from smuggling luxury goods from london to edinburgh , then from edinburgh to belgium ? 
  it would completely change the way trade works between scotland and its fellow uk neighbors . 
  i do n't think an independent , eu scotland is the clean break people hope it 's going to be . 
  scotland would quit the uk only to ask for all of the benefits of being part of the uk : using the pound , open borders , free trade deals with the uk , etc. 
  i think it would be as poorly thought out , and as based on tall assumptions as brexit . 
  really , how does he plan to answer the us when they inevitably tell him `` nah , we 're good '' ? 
  he 's either going to look weak , or he 's going to damage relations with one of his strongest allies for pretty much no reason . 
  what does a fs actually do ? 
  i mean , unofficially , what is their role ? 
  i figured he 's being put into a position to fall on a sword when things get inevitably rocky with other countries . 
  brexit 's going to reverberate throughout the world for a good while yet , and many are not going to be happy . 
  in my experience , you wo n't find that many people in china who can speak a useful amount of english . 
  30 % seems high to me unless you 're in shanghai or the developed part of beijing . 
  i know you were just giving an example but mandarin will probably win the numbers game in any case lol ... keep in mind you can jump taiwan 's population in there too . 
  as someone who spent a few semesters studying it , the challenge with german is that at some point , you need to * immerse * yourself in the language . 
  part of that is speaking to german speakers , which can be challenging because germans default back to english when they discover you 're not a native speaker . 
  the sheer amount of articles to memorize is also a big challenge and again , unless you 're constantly using/reading/seeing the words , you will forget the articles . 
  german is a great language to learn if and only if you live in germany/austria/switzerland . 
  be careful with this line of thinking . 
  if the native americans kick out the rest , you might get millions of plastic paddies paddling their way over to the motherland . 
  seriously though , regardless of what happened , northern ireland is british and will remain so until the people living their decide they do n't want that . 
  * someone * has to be the adult in the room . 
  i mean , come on , you have to admit that few leaders have handled this maturely or diplomatically . 
   history lessons are factories of nationalism . 
  for you , maybe . 
  i do n't feel nationalistic when i read about ww2 . 
  i take it indian food sucks in finland . 
   have fun picking between a criminal and an oaf . 
  at least we have more than two parties . . 
  i suppose a criminal and an oaf is slightly worse than the pigfucker fellow and the oaf . 
  though i 'd argue the pigfucker is kind of an oaf for bringing it to a vote in the first place . 
  i think for us ( americans ) we 're just not used to strangers being negative . 
  not that we do n't * think * negative things about stuff we experience , but we tend to bottle up criticism unless we know you . 
  if i meet a russian , i 'm going to stick to things i like about russia and put a lid on any political commentary . 
  i think it 's a cultural difference but the times i ran into europeans in other countries , they were way more free with their critiques than i was . 
  it almost felt rude to me . 
  that said , i have n't really had any negative experiences as an american abroad . 
  i also have n't been to europe so ... 
  ... i think you just have dumb cousins , dude . 
  fwiw i got your point clearly . 
  western and eastern definitions of `` soul crushing poverty '' are quite different . 
  i disagree with this comment . 
  it made me feel uncomfortable . 
  i am going to grab a drink . 
  if i decide to drive and get a dui , it 's on you , buddy . 
  i hate to break it to you , but [ `` every '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_waiver_program#/media/file:visa_policy_of_the_usa.png ) european visiting the us does n't need a visa . 
  east of ye auld iron curtain , sure , but that 's because people tend to , you know ... not go home on time . 
  as a michigander , i support ohio leaving the union . 
  mbas do n't count . 
  ... even right now ?
