  sanctions only hurt everyday russian people . 
  putin sucks but i do n't know if i want to see the communists ( the minority party ) in charge of 150 million poor , pissed off russians ( again ) . 
   we are people just like you something people need to remember when we talk about choking the russian people with sanctions . 
  putin 's a corrupt thug , he will be untouched by any of this . 
  the russian people , whether they snuggle a portrait of a shirtless putin every night before they sleep or not , do not deserve to be vaulted into economic hardship because some knuckle-dragging peasants in eastern ukraine shot down an airplane . 
  it will only further breed resentment in the russian people and poison the well in the future . 
  if europe ( and the us , i guess ) wants blood , they should kill or capture the rebels responsible for the attack . 
  i do n't think european powers are cowards . 
  i think they just do n't care . 
  at least , not enough to make serious sacrifices . 
  i 'm not saying that 's a bad thing , all countries should protect their interests , but how could you really be united if you ca n't agree on serious issues like this ? 
  this is a markedly european issue that 's in the u.s. 's court for no reason at all . 
  honestly , this topic has me convinced that a eu-military will never replace nato . 
  i look * very * american . 
  not fat by american standards but certainly by european ones . 
  i do n't dress shitty but i do n't dress nice enough to be mistaken for a fashion-conscious parisian !, 
  why are people nice ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm midwestern . 
  i 'm polite . 
  generally people treat you well when you act like a guest in their home rather than a tourist who is to be catered to . 
  i have n't run into canadians outside of canada but my experience in general has been only positive . 
   i figure i had better get my world travelling in while the world still thinks we 're friendly . 
  lol , if it makes you feel any better , dear neighbor , my international traveling has been quite smooth . 
  everyone hates america , and in most countries anti-americanism is soaring . 
  that said , i 've only met one person rabid enough to assault a stranger with political criticisms . 
  most people are sane enough to not bother you . 
  i never put canadian stickers on my luggage . 
  the only people who comment on my nationality are people who have nice things to say . 
  no one cares what piece of dirt you 're born on . 
  he 's actually kind of deified and venerated in china . 
  true story . 
  it 's the only way an englishman 's going to touch the trophy . 
  sometimes making your hobby a job ruins the whole thing for ya . 
  wait , * you get paid for it ?!, 
  well , fortunately , enemy ships did not pass through your waters . 
  russia 's not your enemy . 
  the netherlands does n't have any real enemies . 
  even so , no one 's going to touch a nato country . 
  your government instead invests money into its people . 
  i 'd be happy that your government has essentially a `` free defense force '' financed by other countries . 
   if you read our sidebar you will see we focus on abolition of the death penalty in the u.s , but support from our european friends is vital . 
  no offense , man , but what exactly are you hoping to achieve with a subreddit ? 
  are you going to march on capitol hill and point to your number of subscribers ? 
  not saying you should n't have an anti-death penalty sub , but you 're making it sound like a pac . 
  care to explain why ? 
  you left afghanistan shortly after the initial invasion , you did n't go to iraq with us , and now german relations are becoming fairly warm with vladimir putin compared to the rest of the west ( some of which are calling him literally hitler ) . 
  if you 're a puppet , uncle sam 's not the one pulling the strings . 
   but the us is still the first world power and it is not easy for european governments to oppose the us . 
  i guess we 'll agree to disagree . 
  it 's very easy , actually , for european powers to oppose the u.s. provided they actually disagree with the policy . 
  i 'd argue it 's actually even more popular to disagree with the u.s. since the risk of serious backlash is minimal to non-existent , and it makes you look `` strong '' at home . 
   after schr\u00f6der refused to take part at the iraq war the us started to spy on the chancellor . 
  at the risk of igniting another spying argument ( because these usually always make us the bad-guys ) , i 'm going to say that we probably have been consistently spying on germany since the early 1900s . 
  not that i like the nsa creepin ' on everyone 's phone lines , but i get the feeling sometimes that the prevailing mindset is that you only spy on your enemies . 
  all governments have spy networks which , as part of their job , poke around and figure out the policy occurring behind closed doors . 
  it would be of interest , for example , to know if germany is unlikely to defend poland in the event of a russian incursion/skirmish . 
  it does n't mean we think germany is an enemy or on putin 's side , it just means we need to plan accordingly . 
  the problem is , most countries do not outright say what they 're thinking most of the time which is why we ( and you ) fund spy agencies . 
  if we were dominating europe , you would n't be using austrian flair . 
  if we were dominating europe , germany would n't be able to say `` no '' to us all the time . 
  if we were dominating europe , we would n't * ask * for your help , we 'd make you help or you 'd pay for it . 
  i think a lot of people who share your opinion simply do not want to believe their own government has shared interests with the united states . 
  i have news for you : we 're not the ussr . 
  you 're not a vassal state and you 're free to say `` fuck you , america , i do n't want this '' without our tanks rolling into vienna to persuade you . 
  if you think your government is working with america too closely , it 's because they want to and because you elect the people who want to . 
  is it illegal to use the flag itself or the eagle ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the deutscher eishockey bund uses the eagle and the color scheme on their jerseys . 
  i think people often mistake canadians for americans because most canadians do not have the `` stereotypical '' canadian accent ( which is only in a small subset of canada ) . 
  people in ontario sound just like people from ohio or michigan , which is fairly close to the `` hollywood neutral '' accent . 
  so basically , you sound sort of midwestern , therefore hollywood , therefore american . 
  actually , i have a follow up question : for places with lots of american tourists , can you tell people are bullshitting you when they lie about their nationality ? 
  no connection with america !, 
  do you like me ? '', 
  [ the u.s. borg culture took the romani and assimilated them . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roma_in_the_united_states ) . 
  the problem is deeper than simply `` gypsy scum . '', 
   if the gas deal went ahead in the coming period , mr. shi said , it would be `` a chinese financial assistance contract for russia in guise of commercial payment . '' lol ... what the hell did putin do at the meeting ? 
  you were there the whole time , you could 've beat us to the punch . 
  cheeky ole sport !, 
  i 'd argue that western european/scandinavian countries are far better off `` democracy '' wise , free speech laws be damned . 
  see , another problem with free speech , is any idiot with a microphone can have influence . 
  that seems like a great thing except when that idiot 's name is ann coulter . 
  yeah the u.s. sorted that idea out in the mid 19th century . 
  we decided we were n't going to be a loosely bound collection of sovereign states and we made that decision by killing most of the people who thought a `` confederation '' of states was superior to being a `` union '' of states . 
  it was n't pretty . 
  the eu can not be like the u.s. because it is a collection of countries . 
  sovereign countries . 
  the u.s. 's federal government is actually fairly powerful . 
  oh good news , you 're going to give crimea back ? 
  russia 's getting the band back together , makes sense haha . 
  wonder if all the ` stans are bored of being countries . 
  why choose between america and russia ? 
  there are a considerable amount of politics involved . 
  no country wants to ask for help ; even our closer allies like japan refuse until they actually 100 % need it . 
  best wishes to you all right now !, 
  really ? 
  i ca n't seem to find english language articles with that information . 
  nothing on your embassy 's u.s. site either . 
  see you need to approach it more as a hobby/diversion . 
  there is no way in * fuck * serbia would ask us for help .
