  the dude 's not danish . 
  check his comment history . 
  he 's either a troll or he 's bitter we named a pastry after the nationality of the guy who brought it here . 
  the u.s. damaged itself . 
  if we did n't want europe to come down on us , we should n't have been swinging around the sabre so much . 
  the u.s. has consistently done disgusting and horrific things around the world for decades . 
  * although * , i think chasing the u.s. is a big mistake for european countries . 
  if we said `` fuck you , we wo n't extradite '' the eu response would be significantly more limp-dicked than the response to russia . 
  sanctions ? 
  against the top economy ? 
  lol no . 
  no one 's principles are worth that much . 
  i feel so prejudiced . 
  i actually like my penis in vaginas too :(, 
  german soldiers were just men enlisted in the service of their country . 
  the wehrmacht was no different from the u.s. army and men such as erwin rommel are generally portrayed positively in u.s. depictions of the war . 
  i have no idea where inclol is getting his information , but just fyi the dialogue in the u.s. is not anti-baltics intervention and we certainly do n't think formerly oppressed countries are any friends to the ex-ussr !, 
  it 's true we do n't really want to get involved with ukraine , but then again we do n't have any arrangements [ like this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pennsylvania_%e2%80%93_lithuania_national_guard_partnership ) with the currently non-aligned ukraine . 
  fair point . 
  i will respectfully disagree about nato though . 
  americans are a very ... emotional people . 
  once the narrative is painted about how those countries were under the soviet hammer for so long , but joined nato and fought for america in afghanistan ... it would n't be long before american support was drummed up . 
   only the usa have shown real reactions to the russian threat . 
  and how logical is that ... 
  it 's not logical . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  baltic nations ask for a show of good will from their allies and a country , what , 6 thousand miles away is the first on the scene ? 
  countries are free to have lucrative trade contracts with whomever but surely you can understand why a latvian might not like seeing an ally selling their arch-enemy weapons . 
  i just canceled my plane tickets to poland . 
  you fucking take that back . 
  in addition to importing uneducated , religious idiots from europe , you 're forgetting that we imported the best . 
  albert einstein and nikola tesla died as americans . 
  just saying . 
   rather , some belong to the nordic / scandinavian sphere , such as the baltics for belonging in the scandinavian sphere , you guys sure did fuck-all to alleviate their worries recently . 
  the u.s. , france , and britain responded . 
  where was sweden ? 
  finland ? 
  enjoying your neutrality , no doubt . 
  i do n't blame you for that by the way ( who wants their country to beat the war drum ) . 
  if we 're using `` spheres '' a better `` sphere of influence '' would be an organization with the means to protect estonian , lithuanian , and latvian sovereignty/interests . 
  nato countries are generally pro-democracy and respect the borders of the nations within it . 
  you 're traveling with 20 people , why would you be unsafe ? 
  are you going to go buy heroin or something ? 
  lol hugo boss designed the nazi uniforms if i recall correctly . 
  still making awesome clothing in true nazi fashion . 
  young chinese can usually speak * okay * english . 
  you can stumble through a conversation with them which is more or less what i meant . 
  older chinese are another story . 
  many might not even speak very standard mandarin so even * if * you spoke a little chinese , it would n't help . 
  i suggested china to / u/cascadian _ because he wants the feeling of being forced to learn another language for traveling for some reason . 
  if you do n't know chinese , you 'll have a rough time traveling anywhere that is n't by plane and in a major city ( in comparison to traveling in europe ) . 
  their diplomatic relations are so bad i 'm wondering if he 's a paid cia/mi6 shill who is trying to convince nato members that their allegiances are justified . 
  kidding of course , but what the fuck is this guy thinking ? 
  lol `` i will come back in a bomber ! '', 
  ... `` better not let you leave then , eh ? '', 
  lol then learn chinese . 
  they 're becoming increasingly relevant and most chinese people 's english is on the level of your high school spanish . 
  poor ireland is conscripted by the germanic nations as usual . 
  war drum ? 
  over ukraine ? 
  not a chance . 
  no american boots will hit the dirt even if russia gobbles up the whole country . 
  maybe we 're beating it in the baltics and in poland ... but it 's more for theater . 
  we 're showing putin something he already knows , but the world needs to see : the difference between non-nato and nato . 
  you just do n't want us to destroy all of the tea again . 
  i do n't see why the u.s. and europe should take a strong stance on the dalai lama . 
  i know that 's not popular , but i think it is far more important for the u.s. to develop a working ( peaceful ) relationship with the prc . 
  it 's important for global stability that the u.s. and china do not develop the same adversarial relationship as the u.s.-ussr , where we 're funding proxy wars all over the place for no other reason than to screw each other . 
  i 'm sorry , but in my opinion , tibet is not worth graduating the prc from frienemy to enemy . 
  i 'm sure chinese find the `` european culture is the center of humanity '' humorous , considering they were casting intricate , beautiful iron pots when our ancestors were naked and chucking spears at each other for wuotan . 
   there is n't a country in the world where this is acceptable . 
  apparently in germany , judging from the outcry . 
  i think this situation is very tragic and the kid made a stupid mistake . 
  he certainly did n't deserve to die for it . 
  but what about invading someone 's home and stealing their shit sounds like a good idea ? 
  it 's a felony here and you 'd put that on all of your job apps . 
  in many u.s. states , the law allows you the option of not bending over for the offender , allowing you to stop them from taking anything that is n't nailed down . 
  quite frankly , if you report it to the police , you 'll never get your shit back and they wo n't waste any resources investigating it . 
  maybe it would have been worthwhile for mr. dede to research such laws and precedents before he decided to become a felon and burglarize someone 's home ? 
  i do think he shot too early . 
  he could have asked dede to surrender himself . 
  hindsight 's always 20/20 though . 
  i think it would make more sense to put an air/navy base in the baltic region , maybe removing the air base from germany . 
  germans are very anti-us right now and having a base there ca n't possibly foster good will from them . 
  meanwhile , we have allies in eastern europe/baltics that want us ( need us ) there . 
  i do n't know anything about military logistics but germany 's united and democratic , they do n't want us or need us there anymore . 
   is the ** us ** going to start ww3 if estonia gets invaded ? 
  ... it 's always america 's fault is n't it ? 
  if estonia gets invaded , the * country that invades estonia * will declare war on [ these countries ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato-welcome/ ) , starting ww3 . 
  sorry maybe it was the way you worded your post . 
  the way it read , it sounded like `` the u.s. is doing some international misdeeds and we 'll be dragged into them . '', 
  i only took exception to that bit , so if i was wrong i apologize !, 
  what about the logic for the afghanistan invasion do you find troubling , out of curiosity ? 
  what do you think should have been done ? 
  i love how all of those things lead to `` anti-americanism '' even though * your * government does every single one of those things as well . 
  how do you people get off of the international fuckery criticism ? 
  is it the charming accents ? 
  yeah , i come from a typical american plastic paddy family and i agree with you completely . 
  people need to reverse the roles to see the silliness . 
  if your dad was an african american immigrant to ireland , and you said you were half american , i 'd see that as ludicrous .
