so we have lots of overweight people , smokers and drinkers but at the same time life expectancy is increasing everywhere and mortal diseases/external deaths are decreasing . 
  sounds like we 're doing it right to me !, 
  neither of those implies that immigrants are criminals by default in my opinion . 
  i know that sadly many people only read the titles of news articles , if that , but even if there is n't the word `` immigrant '' in the title , there would most certainly be an account of the nationality in the article itself . 
  to be honest though , it might be because i 'm italian and we 're used to way worse shit than this from our worst newspapers . 
  how is it clickbait if , like you say , both versions contain exactly the same information ? 
  in my experience , most clickbait titles omit details to mislead the readers . 
  like what ? 
  the most theocratic and conservative people on the planet ? 
  what does america have to do with this now ? 
  who says that it has anything to do with gender ? 
  it was a symbol of power like anything the bourgeois and noble families did back then . 
  a penis size competition basically . 
  lol , such bullshit . 
  8 years tops and it will all be resolved , at least on europe 's side . 
  it worked so well for lybia after all ... 
   there are no big problems or strong opposition . 
  i would n't be so sure about that ... and the possibility of not having enough votes is kind of a big deal . 
  fuel cells are everyone 's biggest dream , but the number of liquid fuels that are being studied is growing more and more . 
  ideally anything with similar characteristics as those of gasoline ( let 's say c6-c9 molecular weight but even some lighter ones ) could work well enough : hydrocarbons but also alcohols and ethers , maybe even more . 
  and the fact that we can get them from biomass of various kinds and even plastic and rubber will probably be very good for publicity and for lobbying in the european context . 
  i 'd rather read this than 10 reposts of the latest news about immigration . 
  [ siemens c30 ] ( http://imgs.idnes.cz/telefony/a001024_c30siemenscerny_n.gif ) , i 'm still impressed at how they could fit a few games in just two lines of text and symbols . 
  plus , it taught me the rules of blackjack before i was even in middle school . 
  red backlight illumination is sexy as hell . 
  it 's not the funeral that ended up in nyt , it 's the incredible and stupid bitching that some italians have done after it . 
  efl teachers make that kind of grammatical mistakes ? 
  yeah , but italians migrating abroad is hardly different than the phenomena happening in the rest of europe . 
  young italians are n't forced to emigrate to find a job any more than anyone else in europe . 
  it 's not like italians are the most numerous foreigners in the uk or the uk citizens are n't migrating to other places themselves . 
  and most italians are n't moving to london either . 
  so what is all the fuss about ? 
  italians do n't have to learn an entirely new language to live in the uk . 
  they teach english in schools , you know . 
  also , since there are already so many of them in london , some of those who go there could already know someone who has already made the move . 
  it has recently arrived on italian free tv and someone liked it so much that we 're getting our own version soon . 
  why in the club ? 
  what authority would they have on a private entity ? 
  we should put drug counseling where it belongs , in hospitals and schools . 
  does n't have to be solar ( which will probably take a long time ) , i think that non-fossil hydrcarbons could be the focus in the near future . 
  `` nontiscordardim\u00e9 '' in italian , direct translation ( the phrase would correctly be spelled `` non ti scordar di me '' ) . 
  i 'm from romagna and i really think that we should have built a wall 10 years ago . 
  in the north though . 
  to prevent all the fucking leghisti from coming here too . 
  as a northern italian , i would say that people who believe all of those things together are not as numerous as you probably think , and idiots . 
  apples and oranges much ? 
  only because nobody here actually succeeded in a continent-wide genocide like our friends on the other side of the pond did . 
  that 's the scret for having the best kind of freedom !, 
   they are the go-to party for intellectuals in italy wat, 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
  there is no rational plan , why would there be one ? 
  it 's terrorism . 
  isis will claim that it was them even if it was n't . 
  from the information and the modalities of the attacks made in the west , i suspect that they 're just brainwashing people and let them do the dirty work however they want . 
  you are wrong : http://eurovisionsports.tv about rai : i misread . 
  i thought this was only about the european games . 
  this is outrageous . 
  how the hell is pay tv cheaper than free tv ? 
  also , no more shitty rai coverage when there was none this year ? 
  yes , but only because we 're too dumb to fully take advantage of all the opportunities of funding that the eu gives us . 
  if italy leaves the eu , we will get the blame of collapsing the entire thing for decades and we would lose an enormous amount of benefits of all kinds . 
  what 's the disadvantage of having different sized banknotes ? 
  still ? 
  it 's only been 13 years , not 2 centuries ... 
  they were created for a purpose , some think that it 's a valid purpose and some do n't . 
  yes . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/brie/2015/554202/eprs_bri\\ ( 2015 \\ ) 554202_en . pdf ) pdf from the eu parliament . 
  in 2014 we sent 400.000 back to their home countries . 
  literally anybody else 's trains :(, 
  the minister was talking about romanians leaving , not about africans or middle-easterns coming in . 
  why are you describing the usa now ? 
  compete with what lol ? 
  we already have a bigger gdp . 
  the fact that the it industry in the us is bigger does n't cancel that we mow them down to the ground in countless other markets . 
  some european norms work , not all of them . 
  electrical plug hell anyone ? 
  child-beater spotted . 
  italians have also been bombarded with gipsy hate so much that still a significant portion of them thinks that all people in romania are either gypsies or criminals . 
  do n't jinx it ... 
  there definitely are various people in favor of civil unions for homosexual and heterosexual couples among the right wing politicians . 
  the decades-old problem is that doing nothing is preferred to `` opening a rift '' ( called discussing and deciding democratically in normal countries ) in the parties . 
  i think you need some time off from the internet , bro . 
  to be fair , the police has arrested many people from germany and other countries in the last days . 
  this is a common sentiment in europe ( violence for violence 's sake in public protests ) , but i do n't know if it 's as big as it is in italy in the rest of the countries . 
  nobody is trying to make that `` the norm '' . 
  people only want it to be legal . 
  plenty of things are legal but not the norm . 
  are you irish ? 
  because if you are n't you definitely care too much . 
  ok , you are either trolling or seriously have n't understood somehow . 
  i 'll bait , but wo n't reply to you any further . 
  xenophobia is high in italy , by italians towards africans and muslims coming from the middle east as well . 
  that is because there are many immigrants . 
  what part is n't clear ? 
  it 's a pretty short comment . 
  oh yeah , no immigrants stay in italy !, 
  that must be why xenophobia is rampant here and entire political parties have built their 20-year long existance on it . 
  but i bet that you will say that you know this better than i do . 
  lybia could probably be split in two/three countries and be done with it . 
  the problem is that the right to self-determination is one of the biggest lies produced by the 20th century .
