  image macros and memes will be removed . 
  this is a moderated forum , to maintain a civil environment , and a high level of debate . 
  we reserve the right to actively moderate the subreddit as is reasonable , to achieve those aims . 
  the answer is right there in the rules . 
  [ this ] ( https://xkcd.com/927/ ) is how all of the ideas like yours have worked so far . 
  there are already various `` universal languages '' ( which of course means that none of them really is universal ) . 
  today 's first [ pirates vs temperature argument ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/de/piratesvstemp%28en%29.svg/640px-piratesvstemp%28en%29.svg.png ) !, 
  the author of op 's article has n't said anything like `` let 's do research in language x , that 'll show them ! '', 
  nor has he suggested it 's even a valid way to resolve the issues of the english language . 
  he has just pointed out problems reported many and many times over throughout the years from people who try to learn english as non-native speakers ( and even the most intellectually honest natives ) . 
  nothing of what you said diminishes the three big issues of the english language that the guy pointed out . 
  he has more valid arguments than you , 3 vs 0 . 
  scientific information is written in lists and bullet points ? 
  nope . 
  find me any scientific paper , article or book that makes extensive use of those , so that i can properly mock the authors . 
  a technical section is usually only part of a scientifical publication . 
  edit : also , the fact that multiple countries use english `` successfully '' means nothing , it 's just the result of colonialism . 
  there was no choice involved . 
  there is a very simple way to see how the report was made : paying . 
  great , you leghisti get out of italy so that you can show the whole world the failure that you are . 
  i ca n't wrap my head around how it would be acceptable on many levels to import lng from such huge distances . 
  i 'm sure it makes economical sense , but why oh why do n't we use our reserves before importing from so far ... not even nimby or anti-drill movements can be so blind not to see what the alternative is . 
  what difference does it make if we substitute locally sourced coal with lng coming from thousands of kilometers away ? 
  blind percentage `` green levels '' in fuels and energy should be eliminated from eu 's planning and really look at lca studies . 
  in some places of romagna there 's an `` intermediate '' recipe that uses aa significant amount of tomato sauce i like that better than bolognese . 
  some also cook it for longer . 
  the meat is still chopped though . 
  also there 's an infinite amount of variations of meat from all kinds of hunted preys ( boar , hare , fawn , pheasant , etc. ), 
  it would be `` spaghetti with rag\u00f9 '' and the most famous rag\u00f9 sauce is the bolognese/emilian preparation . 
  in emilia-romagna spaghetti would not be the most typical type of pasta to garnish with rag\u00f9 , but you can put it on almost anything and nobody will complain . 
  unless you guys are very good with disguising the ingredients , from that picture your rag\u00f9 does n't look that shitty !, 
  it 's a shame that there 's still so much demand for diesel , i believe that the engine should be either phased away for cars or at least the scr urea system should be mandatory by law . 
  in case anyone wonders if this `` biodiesel '' has anything to do with the one made from vegetable oil ( the first to become somewhat widespread in places like usa , brazil and europe ) , no , it 's a completely different thing . 
  this product is comparable to what you get from a traditional oil-based refinery as far as chemistry and especially properties . 
  also , you do n't have the problem of glycerol by-products , no competition with food crops and even no `` soil usage '' ( it uses waste ) . 
  there are two thermal ways , pyrolisis produces a `` bio-oil '' through heating in absence of oxygen which then gets hydrogenated to gasoline/diesel alkanes , while gasification ( heating at higher temperatures and with less oxygen than required for complete combustion ) produces syngas ( a mixture of hydrogen and carbon monoxide ) that can then be transformed in alkanes usually of the diesel size and can then be treated like normal oil fractions through cracking and isomerization to make gasoline ( even the aromatic parts ) . 
  these processes work with most `` bio '' materials , as long as they 're well dryed , so weeds , all parts of a plant , wood , agricultural waste and food waste from fruits and vegetables , etc. 
  biorefinery is a veeery broad word though , they could be doing some more processes to separate things like cellulose from lignin ( which would then be converted to fuel ) to make more added value molecules . 
  generally , biorefineries are integrated plants that produce various things to use the raw materials at their best economic potentials , even if it 's waste materials , but it 's entirely possible that this one will be focused only on fuels . 
  oh yeah , those definitely sound like the words of a `` hardened '' person , someone who ca n't do anything but call criminals `` animals '' or `` half-humans '' ...  meanwhile , please do n't send them back to turkey . 
  we have enough of them here . 
  yes , it 's true we know how to deal with them better than introducing a course ; but really we are already suffering here . 
  we are on the brink of losing it , desperate , as in the latest incident when a 19-year-old girl was pulled into a backyard at night and raped at knife-point , in my dearest city istanbul , in my dearest kad\u0131k\u00f6y district , in bostanc\u0131 ... and here we discovered the true meaning of this article . 
  `` please deal with these people for us , it 's clear that you ca n't but let me remark how bad you are . 
  do n't look at how bad we also are though . '', 
  gmos are about a lot of things , like being immune to parasites and viruses in the first place so that you do n't even need to use pesticides . 
  all the things you cited were first made and studied and then research caught up with their flaws and dangers , but with gmos italy is banning even on-the-field research . 
  more importantly , italy 's position on gmos is fucking stupid since a lot of gmo-derived products are imported from other countries where they are approved for cultivation , mainly most of the animal fodder and most of the soy processed in italy . 
  you also seem to ignore the existence of a european food and safety authority that gathers and studies the scientific evidence and the situations regarding patents and industrial usage of all gmos prior to submitting them to the european commission and the member states for approval . 
  sorry but i 'd rather listen to them and their list of gmos considered safe than the opinion of italian politicians ( as an italian myself ) . 
  to be fair , as big or small as the influence on the law these studies might have had , i suspect that the arguments like `` gmos are a threat to our protected foods '' or `` it would destroy the quality our products are known for '' are incredibly ingrained in the minds of our people and all of our small agricultural producers fof a long time . 
  i do n't think that anything pro-gmo has ever been shown on italian tv . 
  it 's so strange that people do n't realize that gun ownership is not forbidden in any european country , it 's just more or less strictly regulated . 
  the car was invented by the germans as well as the first digital turing-complete computer . 
  it 's not about being pro-gun at all , it 's about taking in hundreds of thousands of refugees before thinking of the implications on your own people 's minds , but mostly it 's about countries like germany ( i 'd say the most troubled history of western europe ) or the usa being scared by terrorist threats or even just by the phantom of brown people crime . 
  what a fucking cesspool this sub has become , full of america 's cocksuckers . 
  i believe that some aspects of germany 's culture and society are going down that path too . 
  i hope that the entire eu wo n't burst because of bullshit like this and the other states grow some fucking spine ans brain before tackling our issues . 
  i do n't mean the usa itself . 
  i might be mistaken , sure , but i think that the privacy of many citizens around the world is still not given the necessary importance , and most of all the war on terrorism has proven kind of ineffective even when privacy-invading tools have been used . 
  we should oppose those ideas and implementations no matter where they come from . 
  yeah , it 's about time that we stop bowing down to these shitlords and actively sabotage their neo-imperialism . 
  can you lend it a bit longer ? 
  we need a place that is administred well but that we can still say is italian , to look up to , or most of the hope would go down the toilet . 
  that is , in my utopia where italy becomes a federal state sooner or later . 
  boy i wish the `` sooner '' part was accurate . 
  if it has all the latest tech available , a diesel car is not that bad . 
  the problem is that you ca n't place it on the market if it costs significantly more than a petrol car . 
  also nobody really wants to do urea refills , people are lazy . 
  which is true even if things stay the same . 
  italy has just accounted 9 million $ in transfers for 2016 to campione d'italia , 2300 inhabitants , because things like dual currencies at the casino ( payments in euros , expenses in swiss francs ) , having municipal services provided by swiss companies , a bit less people going to the casino have created a significant debt . 
  obviously we ca n't just sign a paper one morning and be done with it , but it should happen . 
  petrol combustion produces nox and particulate too ( and obviously diesel produces co2 ) . 
  the difference is the quantity . 
  the composition of the petrol fumes can be treated by a triple effect catalytic converter to give reasonably good results . 
  diesel fumes first need to be treated by other means ( filtration and reductive conversion ) to be brought down to that same composition and then go through a normal catalytic converter , otherwise it 'd get deactivated in no time . 
  those additional steps mean more equipment , more money and another depletable commodity on the vehicle ( urea ) . 
  benzene has not replaced tetraethyl lead . 
  anti-knocking agents are needed in concentrations far greater than benzene 's 1 % or lower european limit . 
  anti-knocking effects and octane boost are provided by ethanol , ethers ( mtbe and similar ) or other aromatics ( not benzene ) . 
  benzene content has been lowered , not increased , over the years . 
  `` diesel is cleaner to produce '' is false . 
  diesel and gasoline production are not separable . 
  if you want more of one than the other you convert it . 
  italian here , we should just give campione to switzerland . 
  exclaves are so stupid and we 're basically forcing the entire city to function around the casino . 
  no , you 're not . 
  but i still think there is a little bit to celebrate if we make the first step in improving the lives of many thousands of couples . 
  mate , let 's be realistic , it 's not going to be egalitarian marriage any time soon . 
  we are at a point were legalization of basic civil unions within next year is a victory . 
  we might as well make it our national motto at this point . 
  i ca n't remember much about milan from the very few times i visited , but bologna is definitely a runner-up in the graffiti race to the bottom . 
  obviously they do degrade given enough time , but most technological applications like fibres and plastics are legally considered `` biodegradable '' if the timespan of almost complete degradation is in the order of months , not years . 
  i go to university by train , every morning i see people throw cigarette butts on the train tracks when they have ashtrays 5 steps away from them . 
  also , i do n't know if that 's the case in the rest of europe as well , but here in italy ( particularly in the north and center ) some places have n't seen a drop of rain in many weeks . 
  rain has all sorts of interactions with pollutants and generally removes part of them from the atmosphere in some way . 
  and it 's also not on satellite , but on terrestrial tv . 
  and bigotry . 
  it is also everywhere . 
  source ?
