  oh , do n't tell me !, 
  in italy we use the word `` dialect '' to identify our many regional languages and it does n't make sense at all , you would have a hard time talking to someone even just 100 km away from you . 
  not through a law , there already is an old one by its not enforced at all . 
  i 'm curious now , how would a northern german pronounce `` chemie '' ? 
  with a soft `` c '' ? 
  taxes are high for everybody and many suffer because of them . 
  if ond sides keeps promising that they will lower taxes for 20 years while the other side stupidly refuses to counterattack on this matter because of dead ideologies , it 's not difficult at all finding all the voters that the right parties have had over the years , especially among the poor . 
  sorry about the first point , i misread . 
  how about sending military forces to those countries to support their law enforcement forces ? 
  absolutely . 
  you have to run checks and registrations first though . 
  it would also be nice to have an actual government in the other state to co-operate with . 
  do n't delude yourself with these ego-stroking posts , you are as useless as everybody else on the internet . 
  rejecting refugees and letting people drown is subhuman . 
  you are suggesting the enforcement of subhuman policies . 
  over the years the numbers add up , we have many immigrants coming from africa plus the ones coming from eastern europe as well ( which of course is not a matter of illegal activity per se anymore ) . 
  i wish we had the luxury of voting for a political party that 's effective in its action . 
  no , nuns are not religious fondamentalists . 
  it 's the italian party that most of all has used arguments like yours for electoral purposes in the last 20 years ( not counting neo-fascists becausd they amount to almost nothing ) . 
  most politicians are n't stupid , otherwise they would n't be where they are . 
  also , everyone believes in their own beliefs . 
  they simply are n't telling you what their beliefs really are ( and even then , you are largely exaggerating , there are lots of coherent people that simply ca n't gather any political or social consensus ) . 
  corruption and extortion/organized crime are entirely different matters . 
  do you even know what you 're talking about ? 
  northern league supporter spotted ? 
  it should probably be our task if we were n't such cowards with our foreign politics . 
  you forgot that every single flood , earthquake and storm produces damages because of corrupt and incompetent people not doing their job . 
  does n't matter if people live on houses built over freaking mud . 
  if you are talking about the 2008 accident that 's not what happened at all . 
  that damage was caused by the rapid evaporation of tons of cooling gas used to keep the magnets working at superconducting temperatures because of a failure in the enclosure . 
  the same thing can potentially happen to an mri machine or an nmr ( for those who know what it is ) . 
  i think i worded my comment poorly , i precisely meant that we are not that nationalistic about italian because of that phenomenon of english usage even when not necessary ( just as it was with french in the past decades ) . 
  i thought that our medieval town style was iconic . 
  it is hard !, 
  southern france ? 
  i really wish they would tape in here :(, 
  edited because text . 
  that 's definitely an identifying symbol though . 
  ~ ~ how about this ? 
  it 's a bit edited though ( from cube gallery on flickr ) . ~ ~ edit : damn , there 's text . 
  let 's try [ this one ] ( https://i.imgur.com/blhxaq2.jpg ) then ( david kracht from flickr ) . 
  not that much , let 's be honest . 
  media , politics and even a lot of technical/scientifical communication and information is full of english even when there 's no need for it . 
  is that because of flowers ? 
  supposedly , europe does n't have any actual `` deserts '' but we have various arid territories and `` semi-deserts '' . 
  lol , keep living in that reddit bubble . 
  also , all that money to go around the globe even for regular episodes now , but not even a plain old koeniggsegg agera on the track :(, 
  the telegraph says that sky has ruled out hiring clarkson . 
  take this as you wish . 
  i think it woud be interesting if such a language was realized , but english is already a mess as it is being a mix of west germanic roots and romanic roots , imagine throwing all the others in there . 
  i 'm afraid that it 's not feasible . 
  english is already decoupled from the uk since it 's the official language of various other countries . 
  no , no , i 'm saying that it could be difficult for italy to reach 78 % support about even the laws that ireland already has . 
  some polls show a general consensus around that figure but this argument has not been throughly discussed for a long time ( basically it has been postponed since 2007 or so ) . 
  support for same-sex marriage has reached the majority in the polls last year for the first time . 
  i 'm not sure why would anyone pick french pronounciation over italian pronunciation if a choice is given , since people complain as much about the french as the english pronunciation . 
  at least 78 % of you irish are in favour of same-sex marriage and have civil unions for gay couples and all cohabiting couples already . 
  if i had to make a guess i would say that with a full-blown media campaign from the right parties and the vatican in place , it could be difficult to reach a consensus of 78 % for what you people have right now . 
  english was not shared with anybody , it was diffused through colonization and killing countless people in the past centuries , just like latin or french or spanish . 
  it only happens that english-speaking people killed more people and did so in bigger territories that now have a bigger influence . 
  maybe we could try and do it differently this time . 
   nobody regulates english then it will only be nobody 's language , since everyone uses it but it 's not part of anyone 's culture anymore . 
  or maybe we could make it so that everybody regulates english , if we want to make it a practical language that unites people . 
  that 's something that i am against , actually . 
  as you said , various efforts have been carried out by people in their little rooms somewhere in the usa or england , writing their books about `` simple english '' , `` plain english '' , `` universal english '' , etc about the `` right english '' . 
  none of those worked . 
  i suggest putting together all the people from all over the world that recognize the benefits and issues in learning and using english for international communication in a ( bigger  ) room , and start from there . 
  exactly , they are used to it , which means that those errors are not actually errors . 
  an error is something you do n't understand right away , that 's not gone as it should have . 
  if you understand it , it 's an alternative way of saying it . 
  that 's exactly how learning english in 2015 for international communication is : essentially learning many many redundant dialects . 
  it would be interesting to try and quantify the effort needed to study english so that you can be proficient in the main dialects of english vs having a basilar understanding of a few different languages . 
  it 's not a de facto standard . 
  if two people are talking and one uses a word that the other does not know or understand , its ' the same thing if it 's chinese or an uncomon english word . 
  since we are humans and we are extremely complex organisms , we can remedy in a few seconds by explaining the concept with other words ( or gestures ) . 
  if we were machines there would be errors and the communication would immediately break down . 
  also , why should there be a `` central '' linguistic authority ? 
  does n't an international authority make way more sense , if we 're building an international language ? 
  i guess you missed [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2zuplr/why_english_sucks_as_the_language_for/ ) . 
  130 million euros a year for the entire eu is not that much at all in my opinon . 
  english is not a de facto standard , for one simple reason : it 's not standard at all . 
  english is not the lingua franca of the world . 
  the expression `` lingua franca '' comes from a language that arose because of necessity and was built upon the foundations of languages that already shared common origins or foreign languages that were already widely spoken in the commerically influential parts of the mediterranean . 
  the use of english for international communication does not represent such a situation at all . 
  if we want a `` european language '' there is basically no good choice , there are too many differences even between the broad groups of languages . 
  if we want english to be the language used for international communication there are various issues of the language itself as it is now that need to be addressed first . 
  / r/europe is definitely not representative of europe . 
  there are almost 500 million in the eu and we definitely do n't drink , eat , watch , play nor speak the same things . 
  the vatican 's direct influence is not the biggest problem , it 's that we have tons of bigot christian integralist conservatives that like to call themselves `` moderate '' and `` centre-right '' politicians ( these people are in the same european party as the swedish moderate party , which they would totally vote against on many matters if they were elected in italy ) . 
  i guess that this complete inability to separate economic , administrative and religious matters like a normal country from the 19th century can be considered as a direct effct of the hundreds of years of indoctrination from the vatican though . 
  i guess he meant it as `` devoted '' . 
  it 's the stereotypical opinion of ireland from italy basically . 
  that 's a classification for cultures and their use of messages , not languages . 
  i understood the entirety of this article but i have never set foot in any english-speaking country in my life . 
  what do you mean with high-context and low-context language ? 
  yes , he says so right at the beginning . 
  he then spends the majority of the article talking about problems and solutions of the closest language that there is to a universal language right now . 
  i will tl ; dr the solutions he gives , since you clearly have n't understood the article : * choose a standard subset of the entire english vocabulary and use only those words for international communication * figure out a way to resolve syntactical ambiguites , for example by forbidding omissions of constructs essential to a univocal comprehension * create a `` universal english '' accent , not a new accent nor a new `` only this one is right '' accent , but an accent specifically teached and used for international communication you tell me how you read an advocacy for substituting english with french into any of this . 
  infographics which are poorly sourced will be removed . 
  the submitter must provide the source in the comments , including a brief explanation if necessary , soon after making the submission .
