  i think you highlighted the core of the issue , albeit indirectly . 
  it is hard to picture situations that we are n't used to . 
  my point being if you told a bostonian in 1750 that massachusetts will become a state of the united states of america . 
  they would probably look at you like you are crazy . 
  i am not saying that the situations are the same or comparable . 
  only that it is intrinsically hard for humans to picture and project situations that do n't fit their `` reality '' . 
  in my humble opinion , europe will evolve toward a federal form sooner or later . 
  simply because this should provide an evolutionary advantage that we wo n't always have the luxury to ignore . 
  if we judge a federal europe from our current frame of reference , of course , everyone that follows european politics would object and present some very valid arguments as you did . 
  only , i think that this is a mistake to imagine that such transition will occur over a short term period of time . 
  i think we are going to witness the eu ( or whatever it becomes ) slowly moving away from the old model toward a centralized governance , with a stronger parliamentary representation and more power to enforce common policies . 
  i expect that to happen over the next three decades to give you an idea of what timeframe i am thinking of . 
  i think we vastly underestimate the challenges that migration flows and industrialization of the southern hemisphere will represent . 
  at the moment , and despite the mass hysteria over terrorism , migrants , and sluggish economic growth , i do n't think europe is facing an existential threat that would make federalism a necessary condition to its survival . 
  however , i think that it is inevitable for this moment to happen . 
  obviously , it is a forecast so that should be taken with a grain of salt . 
  nevertheless , my point is that india/china and the rest of the world will come to a point where they ask why france/uk are on the security council when they have the population of india 's least populous region and why so much of the international organizations are biased toward european interests . 
  in short , they will compete with us directly . 
   i think it 's a profound cultural difference , we are incredibly more individualist when i see how the uk has * constantly * been aligned on the us foreign policy over the past two decades i wonder if we use the same definition of * individualist * , * sovereign * or * independent * . 
  seriously i think that your post reeks british exceptionalism , the reality i am afraid is very much different : the european union is a challenge for every single european nations . 
  * every * single country of europe has a past history of strong nationalism sentiment . 
  and all the stuff you mentioned are also felt across europe . 
  the difference being , some countries are ready to put these basic - almost animal - instinct on the side to focus on building a greater entity . 
  others , namely uk politicians , prefer to manipulate their people into believing that they completely lost their sovereignty when they actually get dictated their policy from a certain country across the atlantic ( hint : this is neither mexico nor canada ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , eurosceptics all over europe are guilty of this . 
  the uk is just an example of how effective their rethoric is . 
  i do n't think we get to change the nature of * what * states are . 
  the eu ( on the long term ) is just a more powerful , better-suited version of our national governments in a hyper-globalized world . 
  at the end of the day , the role of the state is to assure the security of its citizens and further the interests of its people . 
   who says we need to be a super power ? 
  why ca n't we just trade with other nations , and cooperate with different people and focus on our internal matters ? 
  we do n't need to be alpha dog . 
  states are heartless monsters fighting for survival over a limited amount of resources . 
  you are arguing that european nations should mind their own business . 
  this is forgetting that the rest of the world works differently . 
  it is the very nature of the states to insure their survival through domination . 
  pure and simple . 
  if you decide to play by certain rules while your rivals wo n't , you are signing your own death certificate . 
  a europe composed by declining powers who can not put their money where their mouth is . 
  that is the guarantee that we , and our children , will be subjugated and vulnerable to the rising powers of the southern hemisphere . 
  we have a completely disproportionate power and influence relative to our size and population . 
  and same goes for the uk . 
  i love my country dearly . 
  but i see the inevitable . 
  by a sheer game of volume , disunited european powers wo n't be able to offer a credible response to protect their interests and continue to fuel their economic growth and the well-being of their citizens . 
  this is not possible in a world where countries like china and india cumulate a third of the world 's population . 
  and while those parts of the world are distracted by their own economic growth , soon will come the moment where their attention will shift elsewhere . 
  and they will , as countries always do , try to lobby and project their interests abroad . 
  we need to be cable to face that . 
  because nations play for domination . 
  and they are to be assumed hostile , if anything it is by precaution . 
  we do not want to be at the mercy of foreign powers . 
  a strong europe is guaranteeing our self-determination and our ability to give our citizens a happy , prosperous life . 
  reddit just imploded, 
   ( and for instance the french revenge airstrikes in syria is the kind of stuff that eventually advances their cause ) preserving the status-quo also advance their cause . 
  and the air strikes on raqqa and daesh oil fields have a pretty low civilian casualty count . 
  contrary to what you can read on reddit , the french military is n't `` thirsty for blood '' , most of the air strikes were already planned for months . 
  it is about sending a message to them and impeding their operational capabilities . 
  it 's hard to organize an insurgency if your leadership keeps dying , your revenue sources are cut and your enemy advances covered by deadly air forces . 
  i agree that air strikes alone would be useless , but that 's not what is happening . 
  there has been hundreds of coordinated raids and lots of alleged daesh cells dismantled all over europe . 
  yeah it 's not like global djihad is n't core to qtbism . 
  i never understand that argument . 
  those people will strike whenever they can and * wherever * they can . 
  [ preach brother !, 
  ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3430/3211396764_4bd6fb6bb3_n.jpg ), 
   plasma cannons on european tanks . 
  ftfy !, 
  i think you need to open a history book ... 
  it is sickening to read such ignorant assertions in 2015 . 
  or that different people ... have different tastes !, 
  living in canada . 
  yes they are . 
  and they are also a lot fitter on average . 
  to be fair , europe has gotten very right wing as well . . 
  tu vuo fa ' l'americano !, 
  holy shit what does n't stop you ? 
  this thread is beautiful . 
  you are lucky i am poor , otherwise i would have gilded your ass, 
   is one of the last ugh . 
  there a plenty of `` traditional '' topics at which france still excel : defeatism and self-loathing for example, 
  concentration in islamic studies . 
  humouriste !, 
   except for paris but paris is pretty much de facto segregated like new york is . 
  i am from paris and my neighbors are immigrants from algeria , morrocco , vietnam , china and sri lanka and there are lots of `` ethnic '' french as well . 
  i do n't know what you are talking about ... paris is an very diverse city with people from all over france and the world . 
   they dont respect us . 
  but they love the bombs we drop . 
  the day fighter jets and drones stop flying over their homes , they wont understand a thing . 
  they will cry . 
  why do they ignore me ? 
  why ? 
  there 's no way anyone can be so naive or misunderstand who are the players in syria at the moment ... ... 
  please read a book on the history of the region , or just read a wikipedia page at least . 
  please do something . 
  syria is n't your 13 years old , mate ... 
  i see that the sultan of al-sverige is wise and reasoned may allah ( sws ) protect him and give him the strength to liberate al quds ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
   hammer is the only thing that islamist will understand . 
  i agree with you if you want to tame islamism . 
  you need a hammer , and pretty big one .
