  during crisis time , public opinion is more than just opinion . 
  and if people are scared and do n't see the government taking strong measures , you are ripped for internal conflicts . 
  the state has a monopoly on violence to ensure the protection of its citizen . 
  it needs to use that monopoly or risk seeing others claim their legitimacy over it . 
  and let 's be clear , this does not come even close to the patriot act . 
  this whole situation is starting to get on my nerves . 
  alain juppe is our next president, 
  greece is now the most visited country in the world !, 
  this had nothing to do with russia though . 
  the shield was to defend against iran , in the event they successfully kicked off a military nuclear program . 
  russia has attack submarines you know . 
  a static shield is useless . 
   all french navy carrier pilots are also trained by the us navy this has nothing to do with money though . 
  it 's just that the us is effectively the country with the domain expertise on nuclear aircraft carriers . 
  the charles de gaulle is relatively new . 
  brexit ... the universe !, 
   british surgeon in british medical papers . 
   was invented in europe . 
  [ in europe you say ? 
  we do n't have those in europe , right ? 
  right ? 
  that 's intimidation at best . 
  good guy rouhani, 
  i am not overjoyed about this but a few thoughts : - there is a credible and active threat ; we just had a terrible year . 
  - a number of dysfunctioning elements in our security ( border control , migrant flows , radical islam and sleeping networks ) have yet to be fixed ( laws do n't write themselves overnight ) this process takes time . 
  - the government might be forced to do that to come off as strong and determined . 
  the article does not mention it but an overwhelming majority , 77 % ( source : [ yougov for huffingtonpost ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.fr/2016/01/13/sondage-etat-durgence-justifie-77-francais-exclusif_n_8968278.html ) ) of the population supports the \u00e9tat d'urgence . 
  to put things into perspective , if something were to happen and the government did not extend the \u00e9tat d'urgence beyond the past three months , in the current climate ... this could have serious consequences on the political climate ( marine le pen would be a very credible contender to gain the presidency ) and there could be reprisals against the muslim community . 
  that would definitely not mean a civil war or anything close to that , but it would destabilise the country when we need to be united . 
  that 's it , just some food for thought . 
  i do n't think that the executive branch and the pr\u00e9sident , who is the `` defender of national integrity '' can just ignore the public opinion and lead a psychological counter-warfare on terrorism ( making people feel safe ) . 
  they look like neanderthals . 
  well . 
  disquiet grows . 
  de maiziere kind of look like a gueko, 
   20k + person shantytowns , all under police supervision . 
  compton , ca * cough *, 
  unlimited power, 
  typical yank, 
  so no eu in short, 
  damn , sounds like a great time to start a fence manufacturing business . 
   yurop   | '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' | a fence :|  you :'(, 
  i ca n't wait to see boeing planes being banned from european airports over safety concerns . 
  also , it 's a shame that we had to go full rage mode with anti-trust laws and microsoft 's abuse of dominant position . 
  shame !, 
  my thoughts ? 
  `` well too fucking bad , sweden and finland are sovereign countries '', 
   cheap bantz, 
  * inb4 the brits go on full rage mode *, 
  so it 's true ; some people just want to see the world burn . 
  chocolatine you filthy kufir , you take that back now, 
  i have yet to be asked by catholics why i am eating a sandwich during the ramadan ( obviously , but you get the idea ), 
  good, 
  it 's a blessing ; i can actually discover new local artists and listen to original music, 
  that sounds seriously wrong to do that . 
  human rights are universal . 
   thumbnail  tfw he realizes the french were right all along, 
  too much according to the international press, 
  a brit convinced that the brits created the modern world ; color me surprised . 
  * stumped *, 
   some media just started bashing hard at belgium because apparently looking at your own is not as interesting . 
  no medias did that ; get over your persecution complex, 
   they basically created the modern world . 
  lol nope, 
  thereis no pressure and no popular will either . 
  you can not understand the current situation in sa without understanding that the al saud are shitscared of getting overthrown by a rival faction . 
  there was a massive uproar when they let the uk use their airbases to bomb iraq during the first gulf war ; lots of conspiracy theories / anger when the gign freed the great mosque from the hostage takers and lots of suspicions towards the `` friendly '' attitude of the saudi royal family toward the west . 
  being the epicenter of the islamic world grants sa lots of clout and influence but , also means they are under greater scrutiny than other muslim-majority countries . 
  i am not trying to exhonerate the saudis from any personal responsibility ( how could i anyway ) but i would like to point out that things are really complicated . 
  this region is at the core clusterfuck with ramifications all around the world . 
   remettre l'europe au centre du monde `` put back europe at the center of the world '' i like them , and i think their programme ( though i have n't read all of it yet ) is both more pragmatic and realistic than podemos ' . 
  that 's interesting . 
  yuropeans are smart ! 1 !, 
   is often, 
  i am not dismissing your original point , it was just so you know ... nobody cares really :p, 
   arrondisement = suburb an arrondissement is a district of paris  versailles = name of a famous and weathy suburb versailles is not in paris thus versailles is not an arrondissement of paris qed, 
   the versailles arrondisement in paris wut r u sayin m8, 
  same ; ca n't fucking believe what i hear from time to time . 
   people from authoritarian states with a strong propaganda machine voicing support of their country ? 
  no way !, 
  you do n't realize that the alternative is often chaos ; but how could you ? 
  you have read two wikipedia articles and think of yourself as a fucking historian . 
  no , there are some opinion pieces inside the magazine that are actually often really interesting , and that 's coming from someone leaning center-right . 
  it sure is n't for everyone , but they put a lot of work into it and are doing it for themselves . 
  one of my aunts regularly shares her `` outrage '' on facebook in the comment section of the french equivalent of the onion . 
  i wanted to let her know that it was a satirical newspaper a year ago , but since i have n't ... 
  i do n't think i am ever going to tell her . 
  i will just try to get used to cringe and feel guilty, 
   he will never know how it feels to cuddle with angela  sad.jpg, 
  what can i read to educate myself about these topics ? 
  am i reading this right ? 
  hahaha the geopolitic equivalent of changing the door 's lock !, 
  hahaha ... that 's a really fun analogy is n't it ? 
  hahahahaha ... it 's cool i feel great hahaha , she did n't deserve me anyway right !, 
  hahahahaha ... * burst in tears and run away *, 
  any books you would recommend on this phenomenon ? 
  i guess it is true what they say about france having a `` high-context '' culture , because two thirds of the article 's arguments fail to capture why people were outraged by the charlie hebdo killing , who is dieudonn\u00e9 and what is the french ( and to some extent , the european ) tradition of free speech . 
  charlie has done countless drawings on jews by the way , the mere fact that greenwald thinks that they only attacked islam is betraying a deep misunderstanding of the issue at hand . 
  not only that , but taking a look at the charlie hebdo staff should make anyone understand how wrong this is . 
  they all have spent their lives defending progressive and socialist values .
