  to sum up , my thesis is that : alone and divided we are weak and vulnerable , if we speak with one voice the world will have to hear us . 
  because we will have the ability to put money where our mouth is . 
  it 's quite low to try to fuel resentment the way you are . 
  the parent comment is insulting but the way you deconstruct it is so obviously done to further an agenda that you lose all sympathy . 
  while i would not call the uk a lapdog of the us , it is true that the country has been aligned on us foreign policy and has agreed to lose its military sovereignity by joining nato . 
  let 's be honest , you can not expect to be considered an equal in s geostrategic relationship when you are dealing with the us . 
  and that 's no crime but it weakens the anti-eu rethoric , when you see that if anything the uk has never been completely sovereign since its colonial loss . 
  there is a point to be made as well . 
  without a unified european block , we - europeans - are bound to be the lapdogs of whatever country becomes a superpower . 
  and this is the us today , but in thirty , forty years ? 
  a strong europe is a guarantee for independence and a hope for a new european dominance of the world . 
  just rumors apparently, 
  or ... booze with medicate and antidepressants . 
  they = ils break = cassent my = les balls = couilles ( slang ) these = les retards = teub\u00e9 ( slang for teub -  slang for bite -  slang for penis ) from = de but do n't you worry one bit , this is hyper-orthodox slang . 
  i do n't think you can make this sentence even more garbage than what i did . 
  and good luck learning french , feel free to ask questions !, 
   you mean the national emergency that was extended for 3 months , ensuring more executive level power and prohibiting protests ? 
  allowing for unannounced raids of people 's homes because terrorism ? 
  and let 's not even discuss the lack of free speech . 
  seems like a shitty example of western values \u00a9 to target . 
  because having 130 civilians killed in pur capital cities and half a dozen terrorist cells on our territory is not an emergency ? 
  and it does not change the fact that france is a democracy , its leader is directly elected by the people and so is its lower and upper houses . 
  and guess what , neither home these houses are sold to private corporate interests ( wink at congress ), 
  it justs differentiates between speech and hatred basically `` hate '' is not considered an opinion, 
  hey qatar seems a rather halal place to live in, 
   the eu is never going to be a homogeneous market because we all speak different languages . 
  yet we are having this discussion, 
  portugal , we are here if you want to talk, 
  i have started to read the english press with a little bit skepticism , i did not know but a man called [ rupert murdoch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rupert_murdoch ) is basically a king maker who controls most of the british media and has been involved in pretty sketchy stuff . 
  besides that , something that comes up often with the anti-eu rethoric of some britisher on this subreddit is that the problems about the eu are immigration and regulations . 
  but what bugs me is that most of the immigration in the uk comes from central asia and ex-colonies . 
  and regulations are one of the reason we can have a common market , it is because we have set common and high standards for everyone . 
  and also , some seem to view the eu as anti-democratic but i fail to see what is so anti-democratic about the eu . 
  the commission president is elected by the members of parliaments and the people who * actually vote * the legislation are the council of ministers ( government officials appointed by each member-state 's leader ) and the parliament ( directly elected ) . 
  how is that anti-democratic ? 
  would the euro-skeptic be more in favor of a european head of state directly elected by the people of europe ? 
  that could be a great thing but that 's just one step further european federalism . 
  another ( last ) thing , is that i am under the impression that euro-skeptic do n't factor in the longer term view ( over the next thirty years ) in a world where the southern hemisphere has finished its industrialisation and now competes with declining and de-united european nations . 
  because obviously we ca n't expect country that have the population of a * region * in india to maintain their global influence be it france , the uk or germany . 
  so i wonder , what do you think would happen once rising powers start challenging our dominance in highly-technical markets and more generally try to project their power and influence ? 
  i do n't think we could face this unless europe is strong and united and able to do aggressive protectionism . 
  i mean , the european union at the moment is a market of 500 millions people . 
  imagine the economic potential we could have if europe was a homogeneous market ( same standards and everyone is able to consume and have high living standards ) . 
  we would have a voice , and a damn strong one !, 
  thanks for reading !, 
  is there a way to clean greece 's debt without setting a bad precedent for other member-states of the union ? 
  it pains me to see fellow europeans suffering so badly from this . 
  i know this is going to sound a little bit easy , but if you can afford it try to spend your vacations in greece . 
  it is such a beautiful country , with a beautiful people and scenic views . 
  and of course , it helps the local economy . 
  the us has the expertise when it comes to nuclear aircraft carrier , there is n't anyone else, 
  yes , sweden !, 
  the great thing about speaking a broken english is that i do n't have to try too hard to make polandball comics dialogues, 
  c'mon it 's 2015, 
  i did n't know that , i often fly to the same cities so i rarely go too much off my regular trail !, 
  you can get a small instance running for a few dollars/euros per month . 
  and even if ssh is not an option most people use services that have https available ( or default like facebook , gmail etc. . ), 
  but there is one right ? 
  i use it all the time between terminal 2e and 2k, 
  what ? 
  no need to do x forwarding , just have a cheap bouncer setup somewhere and  ssh you@machine - nd 8080 - q -2  force all local traffic to go through localhost :8080  enjoy !, 
  orly is a fucking shithole, 
  barcelona and athens i think edit : downvotes really ? 
  i keep hearing about how dreadful cdg is but i fly all the time ( canada/us - france ) and i always have a great time . 
  so i do n't know if that 's just unconscious chauvinistic bias or if it depends from one terminal to another , or if i was lucky . 
  cultural , religious and societal differences play a way bigger role in this situation . 
  no one wants turkey in the eu because they have demonstrated that they could not be trusted and that they did not share our vision for europe . 
  i think doctors have * at least * a remote understanding of how genetics work . 
   the eu has stopped being about similar values in 2004 , now it 's all about the prospects of economic grow . 
  new markets , cheap workers and many infrastructure projects that will be fulfilled by eu businesses . 
  that 's just not true , there are strict economic and societal requirements just to be * eligible * to join the european union and if anything these standards have getting higher since 1992 . 
  turkey is the booming economy of the middle east and has one of the strongest military in the region . 
  are they in the union ? 
  do they even stand a chance to ever integrate the union ? 
  no and no . 
  and you know it . 
  you ca n't bend reality to fit your narrative , that 's not how it works friend  israel in the eu eventually . 
  ok now you are just trolling . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  today georgia , tomorrow the rest of the usa !, 
  it 's been a year already !? 
  time flies, 
  [ glorious yuropean space agency ] ( http://blogs.esa.int/rosetta/ ), 
  lol true !, 
  hey mr dirichelet , big fan of yours !, 
  i have an exam tomorrow and your work is half of the material covered , please spare my life, 
  you understand that this is a copypasta parody of / r/murica ? 
  `` in science we trust '' `` hell yeah '' `` the jet fighter '' take a deep breath and stare at the stars , the night is clear * i am just behind you * * i quietly get closer to you * * i whisper at your ear * `` eu federalism '' * aneurysm *  muhhdehhhhh sovereignity  eu = = = hitler  england stornk !! 111 !!!!!, 
   haram eu is evil before eu england no problemz haram haram [ blasphemy omgggg ] ( https://muppetmindset.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/404e1-kermitbond4-600x889.jpg ), 
  oh ... ohhh that butthurt no one tells / u/raven0520 that james bond is just a movie not a real character  britons will never be slaves til that european mps are literally slave owners no, 
  good point , and i agree with you on that india has a lot of work to do to become a more efficient , organized state . 
  that being said , i think the parent comments were referring to india 's successes . 
  namely , the fact that that created the `` indian '' nation and integrated a wide range of very different ethnicity and culture within a same nation . 
  surely , there are lessons to be learned, 
  this so much . 
  i have many indian friends and they all speak two to three languages ( including english ) that are dialects from their own region . 
  india is the living proof that what the eu is aiming is possible and can be done . 
  the cultural differences between indian regions can be very * very * huge , and they successfully did it with a cast system that was deeply ingrained within their society . 
  there are huge challenges to be resolved , but this can be done . 
  hell , look at europe in the 60s and compare with today 's europe .
