  if we were a political union , your complain would be 100 % legitimate ... but the eu is n't and that 's not a secret . 
  that 's what tons of people on this sub are pissed about ( me included ) ... we wished the eu was one . 
  because as / u/thomanou said earlier while france and the uk matters in today 's world , we need to prepare to the rise of countries like india and china . 
  our only way to preserve our economical , cultural and political influence is a federal europe with a strong and centralized power ... until then , we still need to preserve our interests and fix syria with the other powers involved in that conflict . 
  why should he consult germany , italy , spain or the netherlands about the syria crisis ? 
  * none * of these countries have deployed troops or planes in the middle east , or even military bases . 
  are you really pissed off because hollande is directly working with the powers who are present in syria ? 
  as for your first assertion . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  just because hollande is n't involving the whole union which for the most part has no leverage whatsoever in the crisis resolution does n't mean he is n't `` pro-eu '' . 
  as a matter of fact , the eu has no coherent and long-term foreign policy or military means to enforce that policy . 
  france is still a sovereign country and the french armed forces is integrally funded with france 's taxpayers money . 
  it is quite infuriating to hear that there should be more unilateral cooperation from france when other countries have done nothing , and do n't plan to do anything to share that burden . 
  i agree but syria is an international problem that calls for an international solution . 
  better , or even just normalized , relations with russia also means more peace and leverage . 
  if russia mess with poland you can be sure that the eu and france will support you til the end . 
  not sure what 's your point ( i do n't mean to be hostile , i actually do n't know what thesis you are supporting ), 
  well , if europe does not like closer ties with the russians feel free to replace them as a partner to kick the ass of those religious lunatics in iraq and syria . 
  france : - - -, 
  you mean `` croix-poteaux '' right ? 
  ok let 's agree to disagree . 
  if you think that india is this `` other liberalist eden '' where everyone is happy good for you . 
  i will leave you to your delusions ... 
   i still do n't understand why the eu should be funding that . 
  because we do n't want an islamist super power at the gates of europe ? 
  if you look at the french military interventions over the past few years , there is an alignment of incentives with the rest of europe . 
   the uk has troops deployed all over the world as well as on standby in the uk for operations no active effort though , it is nice to have troops deployed but if all they do is being on stand-by or doing `` intelligence gathering '' operations ( code for looking at american spy satellite images and locate targets ) not so helpful . 
  it 's just funny to receive lessons from you when your prime minister is a former hindu hard-liner , that is more extreme than any politician you could find in europe . 
  i mean , wow , you actually tried to play that card and be taken seriously, 
   english is the lingua franca that 's rich, 
   india and many other parts because hardliners are not tolerated . 
  you mean except when people get killed over buying beef, 
  for having lived in one , pretty much all the vandalism is done by the `` youth '' living there ( although you can see people in their 40s making shitty graffitis ... at which point you think `` ugh get a job maybe ? 
  you are still living at your parent 's place '' ) i do n't see how anyone can justify throwing rocks at firefighters though seriously ... the stuff i have seen that were `` common place '' , makes you wonder if you are n't stuck in an asylum sometimes, 
  now i do n't want them to leave the eu :-(, 
  why does this keep being deleted ? 
   ( born trevor brooks ) . 
  no wonder he changed his name . 
  l'equipe is doing an english cover ? 
  i can die peacefully now . 
  and btw , thank you rosbifs . 
  it was very moving . 
  no , not really . 
  mostly from the economic boom in 60s, 
  you spelled `` dassault rafale '' wrong !, 
  they actually do , perhaps too much . 
  the allies bombed french cities during the liberation , sometimes - sadly - some evil is necessary . 
  i ca n't reach my brother , i do n't want to lose him ... 
  i hate them . 
  so bad . 
  they are safer in the stadium , it is protected by the special forces now . 
  no , * that * is [ nice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nice ), 
  that was sarcasm my friend :-), 
  no , the european union is doomed if the uk does not leave . 
  most british seem to think of the european union as merely being a free trade zone rather than a political project . 
  in other words , they - politicians - have no desire to be part of a project to unify european nations , and combine our efforts to secure european influence over the world for the coming century . 
  they - politicians - are as short sighted as one can be . 
  if the uk stays , the process will drag out longer and any hope for a `` fixed '' eu is gone . 
  please do not read this comment as criticism of the british people . 
  i am just stating what seem to be the consensus : they do not want a political union , and i think that this is exactly what we need . 
  edit : just a small addition ... 
  despite our disagreements , i see the uk as a natural ally of france and of europe . 
  our history , culture and future are tied . 
  and this is a huge step backwards . 
  that 's why i am sad nonetheless , i hope i will see a strong europe in my lifetime :-(, 
  they did n't wait for the revolutionaries to rise to power though . 
  what sealed the fate of louis xvi was the fact that he had foreign ( austrian empire ) troops come 40 kilometers from paris while he was planning to escape . 
  i definitely agree with you on the the aftermath of the bastille storming , that is 1789 -  1794 . 
  however , it would not be fair to suggest that european monarchies cared about the suffering of the french people at all . 
  all they wanted was to kill those new ideas of democracy and republic before they spread to their own archaic regimes . 
  napoleon had massive popular support because he was a military genius that was defeating empires when the country was in the midst of a bloody and lurid revolution . 
  you can think what you want of the man , but france kicked asses when the odds were completely against it . 
  something something american cops shooting black people because they are black ? 
  or something something mass shootings ? 
  or something something military-industrial complex ? 
  or something something weakened civil liberties ? 
  or something something extremely high inequalities ? 
  or something something taking 30 years loans to afford a higher education ? 
  or something something donald trump ? 
  i hope you do n't mind if i enjoy my high living standards from my * european made * and * 100 % synthetic ivory - no elephant was killed - * tower . 
  the us has a long history of ... oh wait ... :-), 
  of course , enlightened despotism is a very effective form of government . 
  however , i would be careful as to reach the conclusion that `` dictatorships '' do work . 
  the one you have mentioned are `` one-in-a-kind '' types of dictatorships and i do n't think france , a developed modern nation would benefit the same way the countries you have mentioned would . 
  i disagree with your last paragraph . 
  i think that the increasingly tough stances on immigration have been provoked by the current european leadership . 
  by almost systematically dismissing any discussion on immigration , refugees , border control and security as being either racist or inappropriate , the mainstream political parties have left those fears and revendications ( from the silent majority ) unanswered . 
  and this for years . 
  the european far right parties have seen an opportunity , and now you are witnessing people identifying with them because they do not feel represented anymore . 
  the internet is also amplifying this phenomena , since people can afford anonymity and speaking their mind without being sanctioned by the traditional `` taboo '' that surround nationalist parties in europe . 
  this is a sort of weird feedback loop where on gets less and less disinhibited as they see they are n't the only one thinking that way . 
  this is distressing to witness , because that is despair and this leads to terrible things . 
  governments in europe have mandate from their people to act in their best interest and act as an intermediary to administer their sovereignty . 
  that 's the meaning of democracy : `` power to the people , by the people '' . 
  as i said earlier , people do not feel represented anymore . 
  they are frustrated and we are talking about the vast majority of europeans . 
  there is an on-going identity crisis going on , and this will only get worse if europeans do not get a strong signal that their anger is taken into account by the politicians . 
  if anything , discussions about immigration and security are crucial to hold . 
  by leaving them out from the political space , you enable the most extreme and wrong ideas to prosper protected from any possible refutation . 
  nationalist parties in europe are gaining traction solely based on their immigration stances .
