:-) `` malaucul '' is a neologism , not an actual word ; it 's an inside joke on / r/france we often translate english words literally to get awkward new words . 
  therapeutic laugh, 
   there is , however , a difference between individual morality and collective morality , and the latter is where most of the problems stem from . 
  problems like ? 
  why ? 
   because a european nation does not exist that 's the issue though . 
  they are constructs , which also implies that they need to be built . 
  and once they become a reality , they are not constructs that one can undo as they want . 
  nations are not a flexible reality . 
  they are a huge block of concrete that takes time to build , but once it 's there , it is there to stay . 
  i feel that is a key issue with the current mainstream de-constructivist thought that fuels anti-nationalism . 
  just because something is created from the hands of men , does not mean that it is a futile or unnecessary concept . 
  quite the contrary imho , if anything , nations/concepts that `` transcend '' an individual to be part of a community is an anthropological necessity . 
  the point raised by / u/timaeger is completely wrong i think . 
  i know lots of people ( from all walks of life ) who have spent time in bucharest , and who were amazed by the beauty of this city . 
  romania is a great country . 
  people who have been there know , and the general perception among the french population ranges from positive to very positive . 
  it is true that `` roms '' are hated though , and that despite the fact that they do not reflect the romanian people , the way they are called ( `` roms '' ) has caused some pr damage to romania . 
  but the poster of that comment got completely carried away . 
  egypt and romania ? 
  are we having a serious discussion or not ? 
  romania is the most underrated country in europe imho . 
  i am kind of disgusted by facebook 's attitude regarding user privacy ( notably on `` ghost directories '' ) , their intensive collaboration with american intelligence agencies and under-cover lobbying against net neutrality ( in india ) and data protection laws ( in the us ) . 
  not so long ago , i would have been excited to work at facebook ( i am an engineer ) but not anymore . 
  actually i am boycotting them . 
  i know it is vain , but hopefully i am not the only one having that line of reasoning . 
  perks and hefty salaries can only take you so far , an unethical company is not a company i want to work for . 
  especially when the said company is actively working against some of the stuff i value the most . 
  if you consider doing an internship for facebook , or working there ... hopefully you will reconsider . 
  there are literally tons of tech companies out there that are doing exciting work . 
  yes , facebook has a great engineering culture , facebook research is awesome too . 
  but if you hold those things dear , then , as i said earlier , you might want to reconsider . 
  ( or not , that 's your choice ) . 
  personally , i hope french and european courts rip those fuckers apart . 
   prostitution in austria is legal and regulated . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prostitution_in_austria i red `` regulated '' as `` required '' wtf moment for 10 seconds, 
  that 's why we need a french dominated euro policy . 
  a strong euro only benefits one province of the eu : germoney . 
  if there is a controversial story to post on europe , or `` the eu '' , i can trust / u/marsman to do post it on / r/europe . 
  those are clear symptoms of repressed federalism . 
  you need cure . 
  come with me , hold my hand and have no fear . 
  stop crying . 
  no one can hear you from here . 
  shhhh it 's all going to be fine rosbif . 
  by saying it exists !, 
  silly you !!, 
  they ca n't see you if you close your eyes, 
   the two languages have gone their separate ways lol ; as separate as australian and english . 
  this, 
  the infographic you are using is from a wired article and was made based on linkedin data ( that does not account international offices from what i can tell ) it 's fine if you do n't believe it because i am citing an unfalsifiable source . 
  i understand and i would ask for a proof if i were you as well . 
  now , in the context of an innocuous discussion on reddit ; i think we can assume good faith from each other . 
  i am telling you , i know for a fact that uw is currently ( as of jan16 ) the top feeder school for google alongside stanford and co. 
  worst case scenario , let 's agree to disagree and call it a day , 
  it 's the largest feeder school for google - worldwide . 
  i got this info first hand from steven woods the engineering director of google canada . 
  they are expanding their waterloo presence btw ... opening an office for 1,500 engineers same goes for apple ; uw is overwhelmingly represented that aside , there are also a shitloads of yc companies who are founded by uw grads or powered by uw engineers . 
  and plenty of startups in the city ( though a lot of people move to cal , nyc etc. . . ), 
  uwaterloo is the top 1-3 # feeder school at google , facebook and microsoft . 
  and is generally speaking * huge * in silicon valley . 
  the quantum-nano-centre / perimeter institute for theoretical physics is top 3 worldwide alongside oxford 's , caltech and mit . 
  the c&o ( math faculty ) department is top-5 ; the maths faculty is the largest in the world and the school regularly trumps harvard , stanford et al. 
  at international maths competitions ( putnam , acm icpc etc. . . ) us news ' rankings are a joke ; rankings in general are a joke . 
  the methodology used is weighting research output and citations disproportionately . 
  canada has the waterloo tech area which is actually a hotbed for technology companies small and big . 
  it 's super connected with the university of waterloo which is one of the best eng/math/cs / physics school in north-america . 
  there are lots of resources spent on stem . 
  fd : i go to school there, 
  6 years selling hashish and coke or taking part in a non-violent robbery will get you 10 years . 
  joining a terrorist group responsible for hundred thousands of murders , millions of people displaced and genocide ? 
  6 years . 
  because you know ... `` it was a mistake :( '', 
  30 years sounds about right to me, 
  thousands ? 
  there has been 3000 `` perquisitions '' since the 14 november . 
  and i ca n't find * any * article that says that `` environmental activists '' were targeted . 
  there has only been `` residence assignations '' for the organizers of the riots and this was for the duration of the cop21 . 
  edit : happy reddit birthday, 
  can it be done online ? 
  if you have never lived in sweden ? 
  i also hear you can print your own passport . 
  pretty cool !, 
   he was sentenced to 14 years in prison but was released in 2011 how i know petty drug dealers who took bigger jail sentences than that, 
   environmental activists please . 
  those guys were professional rioters from far-left movements and you know it . 
  they play the same game every time there is an international gathering of head of states ( nato summit , g8 , cop * etc. . . ) . 
  besides that , there were protests organized all around france that were not shutdown . 
  do you why ? 
  because there is a difference between peaceful protesters , concerned citizens ; and a bunch of violent rioters who seek a pretext to break shit . 
  the former does not put an additional load on already strained security forces . 
  the latter does . 
   depict occitan as the language spoken in southern france cant make that shit up, 
  there are more people speaking arabic than that ; maybe put arabic on the map as well . 
  see , you are being silly . 
  the parent comment said it was an eu problem , not that the eu was responsible for it . 
  now you can cry very hard and threw a tantrum because you `` had no part in this '' and certainly `` do n't deserve it '' ; but this does not change that the scale of this challenge is eu wide and will only worsen . 
  even if you choose to not look at it . 
  and this will . 
  unfortunately , many articles are leaving out the political repercussions of stopping the etat d'urgence now and having a new attack .
