  i see you like making balanced and nuanced arguments . 
  it 's refreshing , really !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s  just compare france 's political system to germany 's . 
  clearly one is superior in function to the other . . 
  i do n't get what you mean , care to elaborate ? 
  i do n't see how either are `` superior '' to the other , they are so different that trying to evaluate them on an absolute scale is completely absurd . 
  until they understand that no matter how proud , their influence and interests are bound to disappear when the southern hemisphere will be fully industrialized . 
  that is without a strong european block . 
  i think it is a mistake to be short-sighted on this , when you take a couple step backs and see how the world has changed over the past three decades ( and notably since 1957 ) and how it is likely to change over the next three others . 
  then everything indicates that we - europeans - better continue to further cooperation , standardization of the eu market and legitimize eu leaders with popular vote and stronger executive power . 
  you use an internet forum to form your opinions about the general population of the eu ? 
  lol , have a nice day, 
  ok guys , who did that to malta whil she was sleeping ? 
  it 's funny to see that lots of parliaments are designed in a neo-classic and hellenic style but curiously greece 's is n't :p, 
  do n't worry , / r/europe has a weird fetish with secessionism . 
  yeah strangely enough people in `` provinces '' are often much more proud and patriotic than parisians , which i think is really cool, 
  your comment would have been so much better if it was n't a one-liner with no explanations whatsoever . . 
  i do n't get me this comment , nor why it is downvoted . 
  or is it because it is off-topic ? 
  please someone help me, 
  mmh sorry but when i see how adamant some `` leftists '' are about bringing back racial segregation in the us that does seem to be reactionnary . 
  dark times amirite cap'n, 
   all look like mini versions of the b-2 !, 
  awww cutie cutie stealth aircrafts, 
  the sr-71 is an amazing looking plane !, 
  you will like the dassault neuron, 
  yet the f22 got its ass systematically whopped by the rafale during training exercises . 
  so much for the 21st century !, 
  link please !, 
   i mean , who even uses the word `` race '' to describe human beings anymore ? 
  apart from americans , of course ) i completely agree with you , and under scrutiny the taxonomy used to differentiate those alleged `` races '' is utter non-sense . 
  first time i heard people talking about `` white race '' , `` jewish race '' , `` asian race '' etc. . . in canada , i was actually disturbed . 
  it just seemed so weird to define people like this . 
  good for you, 
  yes , and we should get out of nato . 
  yeah same for fn , lots of their immigration stuff are already implemented in the canadian immigration system . 
  i was surprised to say the least ... 
  you seemed to be pretty angry these past couple days lol !, 
  they 're celts , gallic and germanic tribes . 
  yes . 
  it does not make any sense to say that they are `` germans '' , `` italians '' or `` dutch '' however . 
  but that 's a fallacy , i will do the maths later tonight but that metric is insignificant if these `` resources '' were n't existing before romania opened its market . 
  if i open a restaurant in a city that has only two , you would be able to say that foreign companies own 33 % of the restaurant in that town . 
  it means jackshit if it results from resource creation or if no one had the `` expertise '' and capital to open that restaurant . 
   i think we should certainly cooperate and help , but that does n't mean i expect a miracle by any means wow you are literally racist, 
  i mean , take a quick overlook at who is funding the eu budget and how this budget is being spent and you might reconsider . 
  of course most of the eu expenditures are going toward reducing economical disparities between eu countries , this is certainly not the opposite and you can see for yourself if you do n't believe me ... al this data is open to everyone . 
  and frankly i do n't mind that my taxpayer money is spent helping other eu countries to improve their living standards and grow their economy . 
  however , i find it quite frustrating to read someone supporting their partisan version of the truth when these claims could easily be refuted by visiting [ europa.eu ] ( https://europa.eu ) . 
  why is it a shit deal ? 
  private investment in eastern has literally skyrocketed since the common market was established . 
  and the eu represents 64 % of romania 's exports . 
  you said that romania can not compete with `` rich countries '' but everything seem to point to the contrary . 
  yes , lots of german and french company have large marketshare when it comes to services and complex engineering work ( civil engineering , high speed trains , nuclear etc. . . ) . 
  but tons of french and german companies also have opened factories and outsource work in romania , employing locals and contributing to the growth of the country . 
  do n't be fooled for a second , those reallocation of the workforce has hurt the middle class here . 
  romania has been able to take international loans from other institutions than the imf because the eu is backing them . 
  the interest rate are lower interest rates than the ones france has typically access to . 
  and france is the second largest economy of the union with a huge banking sector . 
  just so you know , every deal has its trade-offs and its perks . 
  and that 's the case for everyone . 
  i understand that you are focused on your own country , but i think it is intellectually dishonest to depict the situation as you did . 
  and the rethoric you chose ( i.e `` invaded '' ) did nothing to nuance your comment . 
  let 's see : - 1 day old account - only 2 comments - use classic pro-putin ~ ~ rhetoric ~ ~ bullshit in its comment yeah , hope vladimirovitch and the rest of the family is doing fine !, 
  [ * i travel a lot stranger , on the roads of europe i have collected the rarest pepes * ] ( https://i.imgur.com/oqrcqlq.png ), 
  i think you are going to have a bad time denying that european countries have a great deal of shared history and influence over each other . 
  the point being france and the uk currently possess disproportionate international power relative to their size . 
  without a homogeneous and fluid common market , we are going to see our growth plateau and at the same time , countries like china and india industrialize heavily and revendicate more shared power as well as the markets we are the big players in ( highly skilled labor ) . 
  i am not necessarily speaking from a military point of view , even though it has to be factored as we do not know how the world is going to evolve . 
  what we can make sure is that we never fall into a position where we are vulnerable to foreign interests that harm ours . 
  they come from the sky !, 
  there are n't many refugees coming from greenland , i think they 're good !, 
   1,000,000 phds this year . 
  that 's caricaturing , we are talking about aligning policies and making common decisions ... not outsourcing governments . 
  i think you get the idea , and you are just trolling now . 
  two things : you are talking about the world in 2015 . 
  i am talking about the next fifty years . 
  also , singapore and hong kong have nothing comparable to the influence or power of france and the uk . 
  they are economic hub in their respective regions , but that 's pretty much it . 
  besides that , note that hong kong has been overtaken by china and that they are facing a lot of conflicts because the interests of china and the city are not completely aligned . 
  i think it demonstrates that if you want to be free , you need to be independent and powerful enough to make that kind of scenario impossible . 
  i think this is true for the uk as well, 
  say hi to vladimirovitch, 
  i do n't think she is to be honest . 
  most of what she proposes economically and immigration wise has been implemented in countries like canada and the us . 
  and there are some legitimate issues with the north-african community in france . 
  i say that as someone who is from that community and a relatively recent immigrant ( now french citizen ) . 
  she definitely is on the right side of the french political landscape but i do n't think she is `` far right '' . 
  especially when compared to donald trump or the folks from the tea party . 
  she could pass as soft leftist i guess . 
  trump 's recent declarations would put him on the * cutting edge * of the far right 's far right . 
  that being said , and this need to be said , her party also caters to a certain electorate that is definitely extremist . 
  this does not mean the party is racist but undeniably , it has roots in the french far right . 
  regardless , i think that her scores will make some topics impossible to ignore as they will become `` kingmakers '' in the next elections . 
  which is good , i sincerely hope that france fights islam 's influence on the public sphere the same way it fought the church 's 1500 years old hold on the french society . 
  to sum up , no probably not . 
  ca n't say the same for the rest of her party though . 
  i do n't think she will ever get elected president but her continuous rise over the last decade is a strong signal sent to the leadership of the country and of europe . 
  people want right wing governments to behave like right wing governments . 
   i honestly ca n't see a world where french people an lithuanian are driven by a common purpose .
