  people are willing to turn a blind eye on the ridiculous economical programs just because that 's an issue they care so much about . 
  the first step toward solving this problem is accepting that there are a problem and listening to the people 's anger and distress . 
  swedish girls though :-), 
   anyway , the statement that it is undoable for a society is factually wrong , as migrations of larger scale have occurred in ancient as well as modern history very frequently . 
  i love how you do n't speak about the political and identity crisis that follows . 
  refugees have a fundamental right to be welcomed in the european union , but no one else is entitled to come here . 
  the majority of europeans do not want to see their country take a turn for the worse , even if the on the longer term this does not change anything as you suggested . 
  they are the citizens of the union , they are the sovereign people and their opinion must be heard . 
  who needs blacksmiths ? 
  - the rock carver union, 
  i am sick and tired of this parody of a democracy . 
  they are turning the most vocal proponents of a federal europe into disilusioned europe-skeptics . 
  you know what pisses me the most ? 
  that it is my country 's * far right * ( france 's fn ) that has the most progressive and modern program for the internet ( net neutrality , free software , abrogation of the surveillance laws etc. . . ) . 
  that 's how bad it is . 
  fuck this parliament . 
  all of the assholes who voted `` yes '' and who sell our future away to greedy corporations, 
  so brave and tolerant !, 
  let me quote rousseau : `` beware of those cosmopolitans who go to great lengths in their books to discover duties they do not deign to fulfill around them . 
  a philosopher loves the tartars so as to be spared having to love his neighbors . '', 
  this sounds much better in french tho, 
  that 's fine . 
  yeah so unfortunate that the rest of the country does n't get flooded with tourists that can ruin it as well, 
  napoleon did some pretty good work dealing with da joos in 1807, 
   several dozen people directed by is may be currently present in europe with a capability to commit terrorist attacks . 
  ffs  if is is defeated or severely weakened in syria/iraq by the coalition forces , there may be an increased rate in the return of foreign fighters and their families from the region to the eu or to other conflict areas . 
  [ a ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/293/863/38b.jpg ) [ fucking ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/293/863/38b.jpg ) [ ramp ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/293/863/38b.jpg ), 
   carriers a fucking ramp, 
   which will only turn europoean nations even more conservative and tending towards fascism let 's not get carried away here ... 
  i have yet to see an actual fascist party go mainstream , or even be allowed to exist in western europe . 
  grand pays means great country , it is a classic idiom which is never used to refer to landmass in diplomatic contexts . 
  the nomenclature is to use `` vaste '' , `` important '' etc. 
  ( which translates to `` large country '' ) . 
  no need to be butthurt , french people respect russia . 
  it 's an old and important european country . 
  get over it ... 
  that 's wrong , cf d\u00e9finition de great en anglais . 
  edit : lol - you ca n't downvote away reality guys ... rather positive , +80 % are said to think that russia is a great country with whom our politicians ought to maintain good relationships . 
  also , lots of intellectuals are rather convinced that the ukraine conflict is a us maneuver to create a long standing source of conflict between western europe and far-eastern europe ( russia ) . 
  also , the french romantic vision for europe is one that goes from brest to vladivostok . 
  there are politicians from the far-right ( le pen ) , far-left ( melenchon ) , left ( chevenement ) and right ( fillon ) that want closer ties with russia . 
  i think that the fact it is n't so much of a partisan issue speaks volume . 
   mfw countries bordering syria and iraq are green but we ai n't corse is safe at least, 
   except that it wo n't be easier well , i think it would be . 
  polytechnicians are n't the issue . 
  they are qualified . 
  the problem is that labor laws inflate the cost of entering the job market prohibitively high , this affects both employers and skilled workers . 
  i do n't why you are being downvoted . 
  you 've got to be foolish to think the state department is going to let go of american influence over europe . 
  interdisciplinary failure, 
  op said it 's a great way , that does n't imply it is not currently possible ... just that it is going to be made easier . 
  you 've got to be pretty high to impregnate a british woman so i do n't blame them, 
  no one is well paid in france anyway, 
  the very people who are so adamant about defending those stringent labour laws ca n't see that they reinforce a feedback loop that makes employer so reluctant to hire anyone , and career advancement/initial salary largely based on the school that issued your degree . 
  you went to polytechnique but have no experience ? 
  enjoy 50k a year as a base salary + benefits . 
  you have two years of experience but you 're a fresh graduate from anything that 's not a tier 1 school : tough luck pal , if we grant you an interview you would be foolish to refuse that wonderful 30k a year . 
  you 're muslim now, 
  since never . 
  they stole land from greece and consider themselves europeans . 
  no one is fooled . 
  what is your secret ? 
  besides that , we are the largest economic zone in the world . 
  i think we can afford that , for the sake of the democratic step forward it represents . 
  this would be amazing . 
  farage can into space !, 
  you can talk a big deal on reddit , and you sure write well but under the slightest scrutiny your thesis fells apart . 
  `` those who signed the treaty of rome '' - ideated by robert schuman , and jean monet who were * hardcore * federalists . 
  the same jean monet who wrote the declaration of 1950 saying that the community of steal and coal was the ** first step toward a federal europe ** ? 
  the same jean monet who pushed for the creation of united states of europe army ? 
  the list goes on ... you can not bend the facts to fit your own ideological framework , i mean you can but i will be here to call you out on that . 
  full passage :  the pooling of coal and steel production should immediately provide for ** the setting up of common foundations for economic development as a first step in the federation of europe ** , and will change the destinies of those regions which have long been devoted to the manufacture of munitions of war , of which they have been the most constant victims . 
   except there is real hatred expressed in this sub oh please give us a break . 
  people calling out british politicians for their hypocrisy and being fed up with their double game is n't hatred toward the british people . 
  if you can not distinguish both , then you are the one projecting your own insecurities . 
  no one hates the uk ; people have strong opinions about the country leaving the union to further integration , that 's all . 
  you are purposefully ignoring the spirit which the european union was built on . 
  this is outright intellectual dishonesty . 
   imagine if a us state seceded every time it disagreed with the federal government it actually happened , and it was followed by a civil war . 
  there was few discussions on the nature of a federal union . 
   an attitude of `` agree with us on policy or leave the union '' is fundamentally incompatible with a union . 
  no , debate on policies is healthy . 
  however , permanently questioning the legitimacy of the union , and trying to push for less executive power is not a debate the rest of the european union wishes to have , * we * want to move forward with stronger political ties and leadership . 
  you are 25 years late . 
   so long as britain is part of the eu , it is completely legitimate for it to fight for a different vision of what the eu should be . 
  again , you forget that britain entering the union implied not only legal bindings but also an agreement on a vision for the future of europe . 
  this is literally the first paragraph of the treaty of maastricht . 
   remarks like this also rather misrepresent the level of euroscepticism within france and other parts of continental europe . 
  let us not forget that it was a french referendum that killed the proposed eu constitution . 
  and dutch referendum . 
  the uk `` indefinitely postponed '' the referendum up until eighteen countries had voiced their opinions , i do n't think you have any lessons to give on euro-skepticism either when your politicians have smashed down the idea of a strong executive power for the union in their negotiations of 2009 with the other euro-members . 
  in short , you make a mediocre sophist . 
   by the coolest guy in the family . 
  you spelled scotland wrong , mate !, 
  i do n't know why you keep saying that . 
  a lot of people are pissed off at the uk 's double stances on eu integration and the game that uk politicians have been playing - successfully - that consist of blaming the eu for every poor decision they make . 
  this has nothing to do with national grudges , which prompt me to think : who the hell fucking cares about wars that happened hundreds of years ago anyway ? 
  our countries are tied in history and culture , and friendship . 
  that is completely off-topic . 
  it is the uk 's foreign policy since the 80s to be nervous about strong political integration .
