  damn , i guess the whole argument falls apart then ... !, 
  this sounds like a recipe for disaster . 
  you can not rely on member-states ' executives to just apply european parliament decisions without having a say in this . 
  i am too for further european integration , but you need to be careful not to push for too much , too soon . 
  moreover , in some states ( like france ) the government is appointed by the president of the republic , who takes its power and legitimacy * directly * from the french people . 
  from a constitutional law perspective you can not give a more explicit and legitimate mandate to a political leader . 
  europe will sooner or later evolve toward more centralization , but do not forget that this question is tied to the feeling of european nation . 
  europeans need to fight crisis together in order to consolidate the pan-national sentiment . 
  in that respect , and even though the current crisis seem `` major '' , the migrant problem and russia threatening eastern europe are exactly the kind of thing that will contribute to further integration . 
  in other words , if you want a stronger , more centralized europe you need to let it happen naturally so to show everyone that federalism or unionism are `` evolutionary advantages '' . 
  whether you like the slovakian pm 's tone or not , you have to admit that the eu has a lot of work to do on border protections and that this is a move in the right direction . 
  yes , fico is a populist but sometimes you need populists to pressure institutions to take swift action . 
  the eu is not a concept , an idea or a simple abstraction for european politics . 
  it is a core element of each member-state political apparatus and it needs to materialize its borders and make use of force if needed to protect its citizens from external threats . 
  and yes , i consider massive migrations to be a threat to us . 
  perhaps not in the very short term , but at least on the medium to long term ; we are already seeing it in germany and sweden , we have seen it in france in the past and we are about to witness it again on a * massive scale * in the next few years if nothing is done to address this . 
  refugees have a legitimate right to seek refuge on european soil . 
  but no one else is entitled to come here , this must be said , stressed and understood for everyone . 
  the only people the european union must serve are its citizens . 
  so yes , use force if need be . 
  here are random thoughts that should elaborate on what i mean by `` force '' : - a 1.1 people who violates european law by coming here illegally should be deported and be condemned to a 10 year ban over all european territory . 
  if they refuse to let the border guard know what are their country of origin , then they should be banned indefinitely and detained in a special-purpose jail until they divulge their identity . 
  1.2 in both cases , take fingerprints , photos and everything that is necessary to identify them formally . 
  create a central database for immigration control in order to enable member-state immigration agencies to enforce the bans . 
  if they are caught lying at any point in the process : see a. 1.1 - b if they are applying for refugee/asylum status : 1.1 only allow applications to be opened at the european border , in diplomatic representation abroad or in domestic processing centers . 
  proof of their identity should be a condition sine qua non in order to submit an application . 
  if they are found deep into european border their application should be immediately rejected and they should be deported ( see a ) . 
  same goes if it is shown that they have came through a `` safe '' country ( e.g turkey ) , unless their application was denied there . 
  ( i concede that this point needs more thought ) . 
  otherwise , move them to refugee camps on european territory where they will be safe and their basic needs will be met while their application is processed unless they can show that they have the qualifications and means to sustain their basic needs ( highly educated/high-demand worker etc. . ) . 
  once the migrants have their refugee status approved , and are * vetted * as * legitimate * refugees who will cause no trouble to public order in the eu : allocate them over european territory with mandatory condition that they stay within the internal border of the member state . 
  allocate based on the needs of each european country ( e.g allocate engineers to european regions that are in-development ) . 
  if their application is denied : see a. 
  = = = obviously that 's not a serious plan , and there are certainly issues and flaws with it . 
  however , it translates the core idea that : - the european union is sovereign within its own borders - strong action should be taken against people who violate its laws - we need a european response to a european problem , and if possible ... make the most of it and use this situation to further develop european regions that need certain type of workers the most ( i know rural france needs more physicians for example ) . 
  the rule of the law applies to * everyone * , this is a cornerstone of our society . 
  when you exempt foreigners from this rule , you should not be surprised if said foreigners have nothing but disdain for your laws . 
  when you do n't enforce the law , you effectively create a class of privileged people who are above it . 
  you admit your weakness and lose legitimacy in the eyes of the citizens . 
  how about being pro-active on this matter and make sure that no european women is ever assaulted by pseudo-refugees by deporting or detaining any of them who can not prove that they are actually from syria ? 
  maybe it 's about time for germany to stop `` hoping '' there is n't any incidents and take actions to make that a reality . 
  maybe people start to realize that massively importing who have a primitive vision of society and women is going to be an issue . 
  deporting them once they have committed a rape is already too late , and even more so if they were no refugee in the first place . 
  border control is crucial . 
  sounds like a recommendation on how women should conduct themselves in germany . 
  but really , what 's bothering you are semantics ? 
  the fact that women are no longer same in sovereign german land because of foreigners whom you welcomed is ok to you ? 
  you know you fucked up when the right wing parties become the most adamant defenders of civil liberties and women 's rights . 
  what a fucking joke , this is situation is unsettling . 
  sorry if i came across as inflammatory or hostile , i did not mean to !, 
  i agree with you , though i think there are legal actions that could be taken to ostracize those kind of people from our societies . 
  taking their citizenship away , or sending them to rote in jail for the rest of their life should be serious options . 
  and by `` rest of their life '' i mean it . 
  those people have the worst kind of influence on society and took part in a genocide half a world away . 
  fascism must be fought , even when it is wearing a beard . 
  a cool read ( also available as an audiobook ) is `` les amandiers '' by albert camus . 
  i recommend it warmly . 
   this may seem normal to you but that sort of shit normally just does n't happen here . 
  this is a completely new kind of crime for us europeans ftfy , 
  if he is a binational , take his citizenship away - and i say that as a binational myself . 
  what kind of examples are we setting ? 
  someone goes to syria , commit atrocities and then is allowed to come back here and have almost no issues . 
  do you realize what message it sends to other people in his community ? 
   and a bunch of drunk guys being assholes and criminals does n't seem surprising . 
   a bunch how more american can you get ? 
  they come back , give up djihad but hold on their retarded and extreme belief about women , gays and society . 
  islamism ** is ** extremism already . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  the guy is not a jihadi anymore but is an salafi islamist , great !, 
  for analogy : `` oh this guy is not a member of the gestapo anymore , he truly regrets it . 
  he is only member of the nazi party . 
  so tolerant ! '', 
  delet this, 
  [ tfw social justice is spinning out of control ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i6i47ql.png ), 
  how 's life in eurasia ? 
  not france, 
  that 's the best thing i have read all day haha, 
  actually , in the past states with even looser centralization than the european union have been considered `` federal '' by international institutions . 
  i am not trying to argue with you by the way , just saying that if you wanted to count the eu as a single federal entity ... you could because there has been precedent where this happened !, 
  just a quick historical comment !, 
  have a good day, 
  sarkozy is a crook though , i think you might underestimate how much harm each of them has done to this country . 
  social inequalities are at an all time high and a desperate population is a dangerous thing , perhaps even more so when they are french :p i agree with you on the fact that the vth republic institution have proven to be truly solid and efficient . 
  but we ( or rather `` they '' ) should be careful not to push the french over the edge . 
  dang , i do n't know what i am going to do if juppe does not manage to win the primary the mere idea of having five more years of sarkozy or hollande is making me shivers, 
  to be honest , i was surprised there was n't a revolution in 2013/14 pretty sure i would have won an election against him at that time, 
  what 's an englishman in the seine ? 
  * pollution * what 's all englishmen in the seine ? 
  * the solution *, 
  not to sound like a petain apologist but i do n't think that 's a fair comparison . 
  while petain did gave orders to the police to help the nazi arrest jews in the occupied territories , he also negotiated to have the ones living in vichy france to remain free and not sent to death camps . 
  my point is that the uk was never a non-aligned completely sovereign nation as some makes it sound to be . 
  and of course , your points are valid as well - you can , and maybe should , replace uk by france or germany for all the points i have made above . 
  my thesis is the same , we wo n't be able to keep or influence and prosperity ad vitam eternam without joining forces . 
  if we do not want europe to be the puppet of the power of the moment it means that we must be work toward even further political integration . 
  france and the uk notably have completely disproportionate influence relative to their size . 
  the situation will correct inevitably and this wo n't be in our favor . 
  and while it is definitely a challenge , countries like india have successfully integrated dradtixally different cultures and ethnicies with their own dialects and beliefs system into a natinal community . 
  it is still a work in progress put they are doing pretty well . 
  if we want to think of a federal europe , we need to take a much bigger timescale and frame of reference and think over decades .
