  especially in the big rural parts of the state , there is virtually no unemployment . 
  the worst thing about bavaria for other germans is the ruling party csu . 
  they are a sister party to merkel 's cdu , but have their own party . 
  they only exist in bavaria and are very proud of that fact . 
  while other parties have to consider their voters in all of germany , the csu only has to appeal to bavarians . 
  they are very nationalistic . 
  until the rise of the afd ( official euro-skeptics ) the csu was the most right-wing , but still acceptable party . 
  they have ruled bavaria almost exclusively since after wwii , mostly without the need for a coalition government ( except for 1954-1957 ) . 
  the thing is [ bavaria in 1871 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8a/map-wr-bavaria.svg ) and [ bavaria in 2015 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/05/locator_map_bavaria_in_germany.svg/1000px-locator_map_bavaria_in_germany.svg.png ) cover almost the same area . 
  no other german state has remained the same as much as bavaria . 
  after wwii most states were newly created , because prussia was the biggest state with 2/3 of the land of germany in 1937 . 
  and prussia was n't split into the same principalities from before 1866 , but into completely new states . 
  actually there were some recent changes that prompted people to leave the church . 
  with the new abgeltungssteuer , capital gains are taxed directly . 
  so you have to tell your bank what religion you belong to . 
  this goes for every single account you have . 
  i have heard from quite a few people who decided that leaving the church was less bureaucratic . 
  should n't it be italy -  vatican ? 
  president or prime minister ? 
  that 's what happens if you vote social democrats in a coalition with the greens into power . 
  merkel and her husband are so refreshingly normal after the glamour couple that was schr\u00f6der and his latest wife . 
  merkel still lives in the same rented apartment she has been in for forever . 
  her husband kept his job and only becomes the political spouse when it is absolutely necessary . 
  gerhard schr\u00f6der was officially a social democrat , but was more known as the `` genosse der bosse '' ( comrade to big business ) . 
  his wife was a journalist . 
  they played the media and they always wanted to have money and be in the limelight . 
  ( see schr\u00f6ders friendship with putin ), 
  afaik all google translate requests go through english . 
  so , if you have a working knowledge of english , always translate to that . 
  never go directly from french to albanian . 
  it 's important to note here , that these changes did n't really come through parliament , but through courts . 
  after civil unions were introduced in germany in 2001 ( i think ) , they lacked a lot of benifits a marriage brings . 
  slowly , case by case , these rights were awarded by the bverfg ( constitutional court ) . 
  kfw is the german government development bank . 
  chairman of the board is either the minister of finace or economics . 
  they were the protest party of 2011 . 
  the year before it was the greens and in 2009/2010 is was the economic liberal fdp . 
  after them came the afd ( alternative f\u00fcr deutschland ) . 
  we 'll see who is the next big thing in german politics . 
  zdf says that sch\u00e4ubles plans are supported by merkel and gabriel ( vice-chancellor ) . 
  they will be as soon as they join the euro and esm . 
  that system still exists in germany to some extent . 
  most athletes are employed either by the military or the federal police . 
  they undergo some training for these institutions but are then allowed to go on paid leave to pursue their athletic career . 
  it 's mostly athletes who can not afford to live on their athletic income alone ( for example ice skatering , nordic skiing ) . 
  we have the euro right now , because france was scared of a strong germany after reunification . 
  and now the german chancellor is seen as the most powerful politician in the whole eu . 
  just fyi , kabelbinder are zip ties in english . 
  it depends on how you set the campaign up . 
  this one was a `` fixed target '' where the campaign has to reach its goal . 
  on the `` flexible target '' the campaign gets to keep whatever they raised . 
  it 's not just about the absolute amount of money , it 's also about showing a willingness to do something . 
  what has syriza proposed aside from a haircut ? 
  what has syriza proposed that will keep greece from running a deficit in the future ? 
  a haircut will not forgive all future debts . 
  if there are no structural reforms , greece will end up with another mountain of debt in 10 years despite a haircut . 
  for some time now , even before syriza came into power , switzerland has tried to work out an agreement with the greek government to legalize greek money in switzerland . 
  i understand that the previous greek governments were too corrupt ( and had their own money in switzerland illegally ) to do anything about it . 
  but syriza has been in power for months now and only a few days ago , did they do anything . 
  estimates go from 15 to 200 billion euros , if you tax that with 20 % you get at least 3 billion euros . 
  the information is very easily available for the greek government if they would want to . 
  it would show that the greek government have a real commitment to decreasing their deficit . 
  the only thing syriza have seemingly done so far is say `` no '' to any proposals from brussels . 
  the great thing about it is that germany does n't have to do anything . 
  if germany does nothing ( something that angela merkel is great at ) , greece will be forced to fold . 
  shit like that , makes the german electorate even less likely to support bail outs . 
  actually , even the june 25 deal would have to pass in the national parliaments . 
  why did varoufakis and tsipras not do anything about it for the last 5 months ? 
  why did they only do something about it when ( in case of a default ) they would be able to keep the money in greece ? 
  the previous government who was in power for the last 5 months and started going after the tax evaders last week ? 
  according to german tv station zdf , switzerland has offered a list with these greek tax evaders to the greek government for a long time . 
  but knowing that any tax money would pay back loans/interest they did n't want that . 
  varoufakis also said there would be a deal within 24h/48h . 
  it 's not happening just because he said it . 
  where are the banks going to get money from ? 
  considering that i have n't seen anything about it on zdf , i 'm pretty sure that it was nothing . 
  in a documentary about sch\u00e4uble a few years ago , they said that his ultimate goal is more european unity through the euro . 
  he is too old and has been through too many scandals to get any higher than minister in a cabinett . 
  the realistic problem with a haircut for greek debts are the other countries . 
  we probably can afford a hair cut for greece , but what about spain , portugal , ireland , cyprus and austria ? 
  by what reason can you give greece a hair cut and not these other countries on the brink of economic desaster ? 
  but at some point greece spent the money that created the debts to the private banks . 
  i do n't know who started it , but convincing the world that germany alone ( personified by our evil finance minister sch\u00e4uble ) wants to let innocent greek retirerees starve , was genious . 
  last time i asked this question , i was told not at all . 
  no , that 's the fun part of it all . 
  on monday varoufakis can just leave greece and go back to his consultant job . 
  he will leave the actual problem solving to others . 
  troika may have started this by sabotaging syriza , but right now they do n't need any help doing it themselves . 
  ela is a program by the ecb to help out banks that have temporary problems with liquidity ( i.e. 
  they do n't have enough cash for a bank run ) . 
  but only under the condidtion that the bank has the money in other assets and will pay the ecb back within a relative short time . 
  the fact that greek banks have received funds from ela until last week really streched the definition of `` temporary liquidity problems '' `` to a solvent financial institution '' very much . 
  following the letter of the law , ecb should have called all the ela money that greek banks had already received back . 
  they did n't do that . 
  they simply did n't make new money available to greece . 
  personally , i do n't consider that terrorism . 
  i 'm more curious how varoufakis thinks anybody will want to talk to him ( much less negotiate ) after he called them terrorists . 
  great show of solidarity . 
  meanwhile in germany 85 % ( across all political parties ) say in a new poll that no new concessions should be made for greece . 
  i heard on the news here in germany that some banks have stopped that as well .
