some places will have an automatic tip if the group is bigger . 
  as soon as you start to talk , people will figure out that you are a tourist . 
  very few people do n't have an accent . 
  even after having in lived in a foreign country , people usually keep an accent that marks them as `` not from here . '', 
  when i was a teenager i was a member in a rifle club `` sch\u00fctzenverein '' . 
  there i would regulary shoot air rifles . 
  last year i was visiting some relatives in the us . 
  we spent about 80 $ worth of ammo in an hour shooting hand guns and semi-automatic rifles . 
  just wait until our very own ( now international ) upper franconian wunderkind copycat comes back . 
  in germany i think it 's customary to tip with cash , even if you pay with plastic . 
  i think that most places where tipping is frowned upon are in east asia . 
  i tip my delivery driver when he actually brings my stuff up several floors without an elevator . 
  most however do n't even bother and claim i was n't there when they tried . 
  would you pay , if you were n't forced to , just to keep services up ? 
  imagine the tax office ( irs in the us ) would no longer collect your taxes by law , but all other government programs would still try to function as they do now . 
  exactly . 
  i like having functioning roads . 
  whenever i have to pay full price admission to something , i try to remember that i 'm lucky that i do n't qualify for reduced admission . 
  i have a well paying job , i am healthy , i can afford to pay full price . 
  did you read my source ? 
  it compares the differences between states . 
   cannabis : illegal , but quanteties for private use are usually not punished . 
  depends on where you are : in berlin you have the best chances to not be sentenced . 
  for your first try at university ( `` erststudium '' ) you do n't pay tuition . 
  part of this means that you do n't clog up the system with people who clearly can not pass the class . 
  i think in general some countries view children as their parents belonging while other countries view them as their own person . 
  this difference can be seen when it comes to custody fights or like in this case when it comes to dignity . 
  for a society it 's a very basic choice to make : do parents have absolute control over their child , or does that child have a right to not be subjected to ( what will end up being ) futile measures ? 
  in my city there are medieval caves ( originally used to store beer ) that were used to house civilians during air raids in wwii . 
  while almost the whole city was destroyed , almost no one died during the air raids . 
  for the `` allgemeine hochschulreife '' ( the highest degree you can get from secondary school ) you have to have taken at least two different foreign languages . 
  i imagine that politicians who deal with foreign countries will brush up on at least a bit of that . 
  it shows respect if you can at least exchange pleasantries without needing an interpreter . 
  the part of germany where my parents still live today : at least 400 years on my mom 's side ; about 500 years on my dad 's side . 
  i can trace my roots back to the first man who was called my mom 's maiden name ( 1630s ) . 
  basically as far back as you can explore ( through church records ) my family has lived in what is today germany . 
  there was some controversy about potatoes a few years ago . 
  farmers wanted to grow a kind of potato that was not profitable enough for companies to produce . 
  the farmers then grow their own ( from last year 's harvest ) . 
  they were sued by the patent holding company . 
  it 's not just about russia steamrolling europe . 
  because the eu ( and it 's predecessors , starting with the schuman-plan in 1950 ) interconnected the german and french economies to a point where war was a very bad idea . 
  what does russia have to do with germany and france killing each other every 30 years for a few generations ? 
  local would say augschburch . 
  in my family it had nothing to do with loving them . 
  they were just special ( needs ) . 
  a lot of teams were originally formed close to us bases in germany . 
  unlike soccer , you can start playing as a teenager and be successful . 
  with soccer it 's basically start before elementary school , or you 're out . 
  and there are the two games each week broadcast sunday evening from 19:00 to 01:00 . 
  just to be sure , i meant [ this ] ( https://www.walmart.com/ip/evergreen-flag-garden-old-ironsides-flagpole-stand/33172699 ) . 
  do they have a garden ? 
  if so , you might look for a foldable garden flag stand with a flag or two . 
  however it 's pretty hard to find a foldable version and the others are too big to take on a plane ride . 
  i 'm not sure how this will be received , but i would want gripsticks . 
  i found them the last time i was in the us , and tried buying more once i was back home . 
  i could not get them ( not even on ebay ) , now i have chinese knock-offs that are noticeably worse quality . 
  probably the only bad decision stefan raab made concerning eurovision was letting lena repeat after winning in 2010 without any contest . 
  if you do n't eat lactose , your body will cease to produce lactase ( and you will have symptoms of lactose-intolerance ) . 
  however this process can be easily reversed , by slowly reintroducing lactose into your diet . 
  for someone completely out of the loop , why are those names tainted ? 
  remember when schuhmacher wanted to race for mercedes , because he felt so german driving for a german company ( all while living in switzerland and not paying taxes in germany ) . 
  it does depend a bit on where in franconia you live . 
  hof is always far colder than nuremberg . 
  i think i live in the best part of germany ( when it comes to climate and weather ) : northern bavaria aka franconia we get some winter , but rarely too bad . 
  our summers are usually not too hot . 
  we do n't get bad storms or floods . 
  we actually experience spring and fall . 
  iirc there will be 12 official days of mourning once the queen dies . 
  according to the city administration , in my neighborhood about 1 in 3 residents are not german citizens . 
  basically , that means that the shouting matches are not in german . 
  about half the apartments in my building do n't have a `` german '' name on the post box . 
  the only one i 've ever had problems with was this turkish woman who had frequent intense arguments with her partner . 
  however she moved out when her rent was no longer covered by welfare after he moved out ( the apartment was too big for her and her child ) . 
  women like her exist probably in every nationality , and if she had been german , i maybe would have understood what she and mr. macho argued about . 
  other than that , plenty of turkish/arab fast food places . 
  one funny experience i had with a refugee was at a supermarket . 
  he apparently did n't know that he was supposed to put his purchase on the cashier counter belt . 
  but we solved that , too . 
  i 've been back from my summer holiday for about two weeks . 
  i got a rental car and drove through france ( burgundy , puy de d\u00f4me and provence ) . 
  it was plenty warm and sunny for me there in may . 
  i generally try not to go on vacation when most other people go . 
  if you want good weather , the season along the mediterranean coast lasts a lot longer than at the north or baltic sea . 
  i do n't go every year , because i 'm saving money to become financially free ( shout out to / r/financialindependence and / r/europefire ) . 
  however , i will be going on a two-day hiking excursion this weekend close to home . 
  there is also the ever present stink of the cattle farms . 
  our heads of state have about the same amount of power , and the queen is less likely to embarrass hers . 
  i think you ca n't easily compare different countries here , because so many jobs that only require a `` trade school '' - like education in germany , require a university degree in other countries . 
  ( see [ this thread ] ( https://redd.it/67ycsl ) ), 
  to add to this : there are 299 constituencies . 
  at least 299 more mps are chosen with the second vote , but often there are more . 
  currently we have 630 mps total , because 32 more were needed to get the proportions right . 
  depending on how distant you define relative : there are people here who do n't ? 
  in germany pretty much all men born from 1914 to 1930 were conscripted into the wehrmacht . 
  ( some of the later years , 1928 to 1930 , stayed home , because they could n't be transported to their assignments due to lack of infrastructure . ), 
  and yes , i totally forgot about neutral countries like ireland . 
  are there rules or do you just have to know ? 
  why does anna kowalska have an `` a '' at the end and anna nowak does n't ? 
  i do n't think you can find a place in munich that you can get for $ 300 at any time of the year .
