  the problem is that the only party to the right of merkels cdu is the `` extremist '' ( as seen by some ) or `` populist localist '' ( by others ) csu . 
  merkel has managed to make cdu so centrist that there is no real alternative . 
  no left-wing party will argue against taking in more refugees . 
  so we label anybody who does as too provincial . 
  when the bavarian minister of the interior wanted more federal police to keep druken oktoberfest visitors and refugees separate at the munich train station , he was told that he should n't worry so much about businesses and care more about the refugees . 
  the fact that those tourists bring in money that will help pay for the refugees is appearantly lost on some people . 
  according to the media , all the syrian refugees are very educated . 
  i 'm sure they all speak perfect english . 
  you also have to keep in mind , that reddit ( especially / r/europe ) is very republican , anti-monarchist . 
  pretty much all european monarchies regularly get approval ratings of more than 50 % , but you would n't know it , looking through comments on here . 
  because they are gon na go the czech republic , once they 've got a german passport ? 
  the oldest heir presumtive of the uk died at 83 ( sophia of hanover , mother of george i ) . 
  maybe charles can get that record , too . 
  iirc , the big problem with charles is that he does n't get the `` only representative '' part . 
  he has tried to influence laws by calling the responsible ministers . 
  the rumors around it had gotten so bad that he had to officially respond to them . 
  basically he tries to push his agenda ( organic farming and homeopathy ) through his backdoor influence . 
  with elizabeth , you never know what her opinion is on political topics , because she knows how to stay neutral in public . 
  by making the sub a default for people accessing reddit from europe , the number of subscribers will keep going up . 
  that does n't mean that quality will get better ( or even just stay the same ) . 
  it is a formal religious thing , but it has no real world meaning . 
  a lot of people ( especially in europe ) consider themselves culturally christian , but do n't follow the teachings and the rules of the church . 
  i think it 's an irish saying : `` i do n't believe in god , but that does n't mean that i 'm not catholic . '', 
  what i meant , is that in the real world today , the government does n't care who is or is n't on a paper authorized by the church . 
  if custody is awarded to someone who is not the parent , it 's more likely that the authorities check who acted like a godparent would , and not who was holding the baby at the baptism . 
  i 'm lutheran , and i consider my godmother 's catholic husband also my godfather , even if he is n't on paper . 
  being a godparent is n't really a church thing ( anymore ) . 
  it means taking an interest in the child , and maybe stepping in when the parents can not care for a child . 
  at least in germany , being a godparent has no legal meaning at all . 
  i know families where a muslim friend is the unofficial godparent ; the only difference is that they are not on the church record ( that nobody actually cares about anymore ) . 
  i imagine , if you wanted to make a transgender person your child 's godparent , you would just do it unofficially . 
  i took the night train from munich to rome and back again earlier this year . 
  they checked the tickets on the way south , and there were id checks on the way back north . 
  it 's for her thesis . 
  and she 's sleeping at her boyfriend 's , mother 's or grandmother 's place . 
  when kindergarten offers hours like 8-11 :30 and 13:00 to 16:30 you have to find someone else to look after your your kid . 
  nobody will employ you with those hours ( even part-time ) . 
  it used to be only the real crazy people . 
  now there are people who find out about it online and think it 's a great way to get out of paying taxes . 
  you 'd have to change the laws then . 
  if they destoy the food , they do n't give it to anybody . 
  if they donate the food , they give it to somebody . 
  they do n't provide a service then . 
  see : example for sale : bought bread for 2,00 + 0,38 vat got 0,38 back from irs sell bread for 3,00 + 0,57 vat pay 0,57 to the irs the `` getting back '' and `` paying '' is usually done at the same time at the end of the month . 
  i do n't know about bulgaria , but i studied tax law in germany , but it should be the same in all of eu . 
  basically , everybody pays vat when they buy something . 
  afterwards companies get the vat back from the irs with the expectation that they use the good they bought to sell something which is once again taxed . 
  here 's what happens with donations : they got the vat back they paid for it when buying . 
  they give it away for free , they have to pay vat for the amount they bought it for . 
  example for sale : bought bread for 2,00 + 0,38 vat got 0,38 back from irs sell bread for 3,00 + 0,57 vat pay 0,57 to the irs example for donation : bought bread for 2,00 + 0,38 vat got 0,38 back from irs donate bread pay 0,38 to the irs, 
  imf says they wo n't negotiate without a debt cut from the emu , but do n't give one themselves . 
  the big problem is that neither the imf nor the emu allow for a debt cut . 
  sure , imf says that a debt cut is necessary , but imf debt has to be repaid in full . 
  ( just like all the developing countries have to do as well ) emu rules do n't allow for a transfer union , meaning that any money given to a government directly has to be paid back . 
  there is no real solution , if the rules do n't change . 
  in the last bavarian state elections the two parties who want independence ( bayernpartei , die franken ) got a combined 2.8 % . 
  that reminds me of that guy who told me i should only do sports because i liked them . 
  i do n't like sports or excercising . 
  i only do what i have to to lose weight . 
  not liking it has led me to be overweight . 
  but coins last a lot longer ( up to several decades ) whereas bills have to be replaced about every two years . 
  from a manufacturing standpoint coins are a lot cheaper . 
  it kind of was 50 years ago . 
  the reason we were given in germany was that women give their time when they are pregnant and raise their children as the future of the country . 
  even that would have been too much cooperation with the left . 
  a few years ago , on a state level in hessen , the spd candidate declared before the election that she would not cooperate with die linke . 
  afterwards , she needed the votes in parliament . 
  it was a disaster for her politically . 
  you want to have more neo-liberal bullshit from the so called social democrats ? 
  the illegal part was that he did n't declare it . 
  you can bring cash , you just have to declare it . 
  it 's not that he had the money , but that he did n't declare it . 
  from the article : sums of more than $ 10,000 ( # 7,000 ; $ 11,000 ) must be declared by anyone travelling through airports in the european union . 
  it 's an anti-money laundering thing . 
  the problem is that pretty much all the leaderhip in spd belongs to the `` seeheimer kreis '' , a group of more right-leaning social democrats . 
  i do n't think you can find a single `` worker '' in that party 's leadership . 
  they are all just career politicans who want to keep `` regierungsf\u00e4higkeit '' . 
  all the while they are more neo-liberal than any right wing party . 
  ( z.b. 
  fdr stood for four terms and died only a short time into his fourth term . 
  i think it was generally accepted at the time , because the country was at war . 
  exactly , i write fastest when using my own personal mixture of cursive and print style . 
  it 's all about money laundering . 
  a lot easier to control , if you have to declare large sums . 
  in germany , if you pay cash for anything over 15000 $ , you have a lot of paperwork to fill out . 
  also , we are on the internet right now . 
  government invented . 
  at least he admits that he is no longer the finance minister . 
  and even at 80 years old , he is still known as albert speer ** junior ** . 
  people voted for mr. `` arm aber sexy '' klaus wowereit to be mayor of berlin three times . 
  surprisingly no . 
  i 'm fluent in german and english ; my dutch and french are enough to get around on vacation and i can read a bit of italian and spanish . 
  i was in prague a few years ago . 
  while you do n't need any czech to get around , i was just so uncomfortable not understanding anything ( either what people were saying or reading things ) . 
  how easy is it for a foreigner who does n't speak any portugese to get around ? 
  but you have to pronounce it wei\u00dfwurschteguador . 
  since about the 1980s bavaria has become one of the richer parts of germany . 
  munich is usually the first or second most expensive cities in germany ( trading of with hamburg ) . 
  the bavarian school system used to be the considered the best in germany , placing in the top spot in any test like pisa ( this is no longer true , but they are still in the top 5 usually ) . 
  official unemployment numbers in bavaria are on average around 3.7 % ( one of the lowest along with baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ; german average is 6.4 % ) .
