  you can have salt in it . 
  the whole article is invented , including names and quotes . 
  everything on that site is invented . 
  the worst thing for them is to actually win elections . 
  then they have to really do something , instead of bitching about what the others are doing wrong . 
  actually , you can safely ignore n-tv polls . 
  it 's people who answer a poll online [ here ] ( http://www.n-tv.de/umfragen/ ) . 
  it 's the second poll on the site . 
  right now it 's at 86 % yes ( should greece leave the euro ? 
  while merkel seems to want to keep greece in the euro and eu ( at the very least for her own legacy ) , she will have trouble finding a majority in parliament necessary for any esfs bailout . 
  csu ( cdu 's conservative bavarian sister party ) has made it very clear that they do n't want to support the `` lazy greeks '' . 
  other mps have expressed their disappointment with the current yikyakking coming from greece . 
  the greek government is seen as unstable and an unreliable partner here . 
  look at the difference in tsipras statements just today . 
  so the 15 million people who voted for merkels party cdu in 2013 ( last federal elections ) were not democratic ? 
  hold a referendum in all eurozone countries on sunday , and greece wo n't receive another cent . 
  is that the `` democratic mandate '' for our governments everybody is clamoring for ? 
  who are the other alternatives to the traditional ruler class ? 
  i honestly do n't know anything about spanish politics . 
  i think nato would take pity on them and throw them out . 
  just a hunch , though . 
  when are pensions due in greece ? 
  it might be that the default does not come from the imf payment , but from being unable to pay out pensions and wages for government emmployees . 
  under current eu law , they would either have to leave or apply for visas . 
  it is possible , however , that the eu and greece come to an agreement to let them stay . 
  germany especially would be insterested in such an agreement . 
  with our low birthrate , we need to import talent . 
  as long as charles is not her heir , i would n't mind . 
  maybe we could rotate through all european monarchies . 
  the eu today is not like the us government under the current constitution . 
  it is more comparable to the [ article of confederation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/articles_of_confederation ) ; a lose confederation with a weak central government . 
  nobody wants to give up more national powers to the eu . 
  europeans are also from vastly different cultures . 
  just look at how much personal space is appropriate in different countries . 
  what kind of cuts do greeks take , if they retire early ? 
  germans lose a consideralble amount of public pensions , if they retire early . 
  great show for putin apologists . 
   poor little putin did n't have any choice but to invade ukraine , because big bad us allowed baltics to join nato . 
  at that point last year , i just could n't watch it anymore . 
  actually that is how dm does it . 
  considering that the dhs was thinking about revoking serveral european countries ' ( incl germany ) vwp-status earlier this year , it might come sooner than some think . 
  you 'll have a hard time trying to find a cc with those benefits in germany . 
  ( some cards will offer some benefits , but certainly not all ), 
  yes , but berlin also is perpetually broke . 
  where i live , it 's $ 100 a month in a city run facility ( i do n't know about lunch or breakfast ) ; ca . 
  $ 200 in a church run facility ; and at least $ 300 in a truly private institution ( chinese lessons might be available ) . 
   we also say \u0160vabe when fucking around . 
  another tribe : schwaben, 
  schwarzer is a cat fighting bitch , not a feminist . 
  notice how in interviews she never lets other women talk . 
  and her excuse for tax evasion ? 
  feminism , the men are doing it , so she has to level the playing field . 
  it 's all about history . 
  england ( and maybe the other countries in the uk ) had already formed their national governing bodies for football , e.g. 
  the fa . 
  these separate associations then became individual members of the super national governing bodies . 
  it also has the side effect that the current women 's world champion is not qualified for the olympic tournament . 
  normally that 's automatic , but not in this case . 
  england is a member of fifa , but not of the ioc . 
  it does look much more grand from the outside . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maximilianeum it 's similar with the office of the bavarian prime minister . 
  on the outside , they kept the old walls , but the inside is completely renovated and modern . 
  that 's not at all what i meant . 
  my point was that there are enough expenses coming for us in the coming years that we have no plan of covering yet . 
  we do n't need another $ 6.2 billion , for which we do n't know who has to pay . 
  it has always been made clear that any infrastructure upgrades would never be done in addition of regular updates elsewhere , but instead of them . 
  iirc adenauer did n't want to have a too big commute . 
  also , on a more serious note , they always wanted to bring the capital back to berlin to show the soviets that they did n't give up . 
  having the capital in frankfurt ( which has democratic history in germany , see paulskirche 1848 ) would not have made another move after reunification possible . 
  what part of that is a hyperbole ? 
  apart from any misgivings with the ioc , where do you think the missing $ 6.2 billion would come from when we need about $ 20billion/year ( that we do n't have yet ) for refugees ? 
  i 'm not sure if you could call corbyn a `` leader '' . 
  the thing with the money is , how much is because of her position or how much would she have inherited anyways ? 
  the duke of westminster is generally seen as the riches brit . 
  do you think he did n't inherit ( most of ) that wealth ? 
  how many republicans advocate for his wealth to be taken away ? 
  i do n't know about the situation in sweden , but `` recruiting more personnal to reduce their hours '' can also mean reducing accrued overtime . 
  federal police in germany ( taking care of border patrols , among other things ) had over 500 000 hours of overtime . 
  instead of working 40h/week , many have been working up to 80h/week since mid-september . 
  it 's in no way realistic to keep this up over prolonged period of time . 
  it 's a popular german saying . 
  if you sign a piece of paper without reading everything your signing for , you might accidentally have ordered several new washing machines . 
  there were cases in the 50s and 60s where people unknowingly signed papers with which they bought washing machines and type writers . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/print/d-45140285.html ) is a german link from spiegel magazine in 1962 about it . 
  it 's illegal to print because the copyright holder does n't want it printed . 
  the copyright belongs to the bavarian state government , but will expire at the end of the year ( 70 years after the authors death ) . 
  spanish words infanta and princesa both translate to princess in english . 
  an article written in english using correct english vocabulary , does not have to use spanish vocabulary . 
  apprentices train for 3 to 4 years . 
  they go to school part time and work for their employer the rest of the time . 
  they are normal employees for most things ( like health insurance , vacation days ) but get paid a lot less . 
  ( c. 500-600 $ / month in the first year after taxes and obligatory insurance ) the school is a normal state school with a curriculum set by the state government and chamber of commerce . 
  obama made a nice speech in cairo . 
  iirc that was one of the official reasons why he got it . 
  just fyi : succeed means follow after , secceed means splitting away from, 
  the us government spends more tax money on health care per person than any other country in the world , yet the healthcare is still very expensive or unobtainable . 
  in germany there is a catalogue where it says how much a health care specialist can charge for a service . 
  if you are insured with the government agency ( almost all employees an officialy unemployed are ) , they usually only get 80 % of the catalogue amount . 
  if you use a private insurance agency ( or are not insured at all ) , they can charge up to 230 % ( in some cases 300 % ) of the agreed upon amount . 
  because of my job , i qualify for private insurance .
