here is henry visiting big ben in london  http://imgur.com/glcek2b, 
  i always said i was against bullfighting , but however barbaric it may be , it does not excuse someone making xenophobic insults toward an entire people because of it , neither do i delight in the suffering of another human being , as so many have done in this thread . 
  it is a huge disadvantage to spanish people that their level of spoken english is generally so poor , because i 'm sure if they knew what the general opinion of them is around europe , and especially england i should add , they 'd be far less enthusiastic about being a part of the eu . 
  i do n't take it sitting down when i see someone insult my country or my people , as an irishman i 'd have expected you to understand that . 
  do n't give up your day job to become a comedian whatever you do , or you 'll end up living off the rotten vegetables that people chuck at you on stage, 
  i see , first you post that photo with the xenophobic ` juan ' slur , taking pleasure in the man 's suffering . 
  then it 's ` just a joke ` that i , poor diddums ca n't take ' and finally , the xenophobic post is all in my imagination , of course . 
  the upvotes your post is getting just confirm to me what i expected , that quite a few here share your thinly veiled hatred of the spanish people , with a few useful idiots from my own country backing you , poor them , to be so self-loathing . 
  it is a further indication to me that we must leave the euro-zone as soon as possible . 
  ah yes , the old ` it 's just a joke and you ca n't take it ' angle , albeit in far more silken terms . 
  well , xenophobia is not a good topic for humour , and neither is the suffering of a human being . 
  i said i am against bullfighting , but i do n't revel in xenophobia or the suffering of human beings either . 
  shame on you if you 're fine with this person 's post . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right , they take pleasure in the suffering of a bull , and you in the suffering of a man . 
  i hope you have no plans to visit my country , i would n't want such a shitty human being polluting it . 
  you think adding a xenophobic term to a photograph of a dying man is funny ? 
  you 're a fucking disgrace . 
  you spanish on this thread , condemn bullfighting by all means , i do n't like it either , but do n't allow yourselves to be spat on , have some dignity and answer insults like this . 
  also , i 'd prefer that to the bull-shitters based in brussels that currently run our country . 
  yeah lately , but usually it isnt, 
  tourists do n't live or vote in spain so no need to fear about that happening , since it 's usually them that dies . 
  says a german, 
  the authoritarianism of franco 's time without any of the benefits . 
  we ca n't even control our own borders without the eu 's blessing , and here we have the pp making ridiculous laws like this one . 
  no sane policeman can be happy with these laws , it took them a long time for the people to begin respecting them , and now they 're going to lose it again . 
  i like the passion they show for classical music , and the arts in general . 
  one man 's history is another man 's propaganda . 
  no just sanctions to try and cripple their entire economy i guess , not so bad eh ? 
  i 'm not on either side , but that 's just my opinion , i have to say it as i see it . 
  if someone was trying to bankrupt my country , giving asylum to all those i thought were criminals and spying on me , everything short of declaring all out war on me , i 'd try to get back at them in any way i could . 
  that the action is so petty may point at russia 's inability to respond . 
  well that 's the ` would n't it be wonderful if we all lived in a perfect world ' attitude , but those two countries are pretty much in a stand-off . 
  they spy on each other continuously , do everything they can to hinder or undermine one another , including giving sanctuary to each other 's enemies . 
  i doubt very much any country under that situation would allow its enemy a free reign in its education system , rightly or wrongly the trust is n't there . 
  as far as i can see , uk and russia have a terrible relationship , why would they want english historians telling them their own history ? 
  ( or vice versa ), 
  i do n't find it surprising that russian fighters are better designed than european ones to be honest . 
  what spain does with its borders will be decided by all of the spanish people , not just you or me . 
  your bare hands are n't going to be much use if the people decide they have had enough insults to last them a lifetime . 
  are you answering to the other guy ? 
  because i never said we were friends , i said ` do n't pretend to be friends ' once the break-up happens . 
  everyone go their separate ways and be happy . 
  i am aragonese and i am in favour of a catalan vote , and independence if they want it . 
  on the condition however that it is understood that this is a bitter divorce , and that our borders must close , and all trade must cease . 
  when two people divorce either one of them has a right to complete separation , and that is what i personally want . 
  by all means leave , but after the constant insults and hatred of spain , do n't pretend be friends for the sake of your economy afterwards . 
  i do n't mind repaying debts , but i did n't vote to have my country purchased . 
  i want our currency back , i want control of our borders back , and i want our sovereignty back . 
  i want complete separation from the eu , and thankfully this opinion is starting to catch on finally , after so many have witnessed the despicable way that greece has been treated . 
  you northern countries should n't talk too much about reaping and sowing , germany for one has never paid for what it did , there is n't enough money in the world for them to repay the misery they have caused . 
  no i 'm not a supporter actually , i do n't like them , but i will vote for them to get rid of the utter corruption that is in our government , and then germany and the eu will have a much harder time controlling their spanish colony . 
  i take it that you 're no friend of democracy . 
  one day , someone has to stand up to the gangsters . 
  short of body-snatchers getting hold of him , how can tsipras ' bizarre behaviour be explained ? 
  how can a man who ran a referendum supporting the no vote , then turn around and stab his own people in the back to placate loan-sharks that will strip greece of everything it owns ? 
  shame on him . 
  you 'd think that after the disgusting way greece has been treated he would have the dignity to walk away . 
  the greek people remain proud , they voted no , what he is doing is completely undemocratic , it 's tyranny . 
  why has tsipras betrayed the greek people ? 
  this is utterly bizarre . 
  very interesting , i do n't think your answer will be popular on this subreddit though . 
  we are required to believe that the eu is some kind of benevolant dictatorship , except the starving people looking through bins prove otherwise , as does my own government 's crackdown on protesting against eu imposed austerity . 
  for my part and my country , nothing is wanted from you . 
  i 'll let the greeks speak for themselves . 
  we want control of our borders back , we want our currency back , we want our sovereignty back . 
  you do n't even give an answer , correct . 
  they should just enjoy their country , which is very beautiful , well-run and wealthy , and leave everyone elses the f *** alone . 
  the advert says europe is at stake , but what does that mean ? 
  to me it simply means another german attempt at owning all of the countries in europe , but what does it mean to those who claim a noble purpose for this entity ? 
  it ca n't be about trade since that could easily be done as we used to before , it ca n't be claimed it 's about avoiding war either , because germany is not a nuclear power and they can never try that again , so what 's the real point ? 
  sure , take this quote for example ,  that greece ca n't bear further cutbacks even though minimum salary is lower in five other countries ? 
  do you think of these people at all ? 
  this is like saying ` we punched those guys in the face , why wo n't you let us punch you in the face as well ? ', 
  asking tsipras how he wished to be remembered was a transparent appeal to his ego and an expression of false concern , an attempt to try and get what he and the rest of his eu cronies want , which is to force the greek people to bear a horrific burden for many years to come . 
  thanks , i 'm not exactly their biggest fan , but if they come into power maybe they 'll join your prime minister in seeking reform of the arrogant , dictatorial and undemocratic tyranny that is the eu . 
  or even better , cut us loose from it . 
  what a pile of shit . 
  keep telling yourself that , 
  a bad case of verbal diarrhoea . 
  there have been many protests against the banks and the enforced privatisation of many public concerns and services , the direct result of eu orders for austerity . 
  so much so that rajoy has passed a law banning protests , he ca n't take them any more . 
  if podemos gets in power , you 'll see even more . 
  you ` spaniards ' here on this cute little eu forum , you are a minority . 
  it is you who are living in a parallel universe . 
  not all spaniards want to be ruled by the germans , there are still a few of us that have some pride left in our country . 
  more arrogance , we want nothing to do with you . 
  i hope no ` common solution ' to save germany 's ego at greek expense will be found , that way you will lose your grip on the southern countries one by one . 
  the arrogance of the northern nations summed up in a picture , fantastic . 
  it 's exactly this kind of attitude in the face of greek suffering that will make other countries leave . 
  i hope we spanish have the honour of leaving the eu zone next . 
  and good luck with yours . 
   just so you know , iglesias ' ( and podemos ' ) rhetoric is plain as day for other ez members and what ? 
  can they vote in spain ? 
  no , they can not . 
  whether we the spanish people vote for him or not is what counts . 
  if he wins and his demands are n't met , we will leave , and then they 'll really have a big hole to plug in the undemocratic eu boat . 
   it was n't germany ( or troika ) who has ignored tax evasion , corruption and budget deficit in greece . 
  oh yes it was . 
  the eu and the banks were more than happy to interact with a greek government that they thought would force the greeks to honour these extortionate loans , despite knowing full well about the country 's problems . 
  they did n't want regime change then did they ?
