  you have no interest in a discussion . 
  this is a hell of a debate , but i think i 'm banging my head against a brick wall here . 
  have a good day, 
  the numbers dont matter at all . 
  germany and merkel want immigrants . 
  are you disputing that ? 
  explain, 
  this is great . 
  this is what merkel and germany want . 
  the problem of course is where you try to export your immigration policies to poland by force ... 
  merkel has putin, 
  britains trying to leave . . you are blackmailing them against their will, 
  if its reparations then eu must stop demanding things from poles like accepting immigrants, 
  the guy i replied to called it konigsberg . 
  its pretty clear he wants it back, 
  in one case ... russians and germans had to spill blood to capture a country in the other case , britan and france tricked another country to germany without a shot fired, 
  maybe , but they still had these consultations with hitler and they excluded the czechs from participating . 
  they then guaranteed the remaining czech territory to get them to agree ... and hitler took the rest anyway . 
  if the british and french dont get involved , the czechs resist and the germans actually have to fight for it against the very capable czech army . 
  britain and france handed the country to hitler without a shot being fired . 
  it was insanity, 
  they promised to guarantee the remaining czech territory if the czechs accepted the munich aggreement . 
  months later , hitler took the rest of czechoslovakia and the british and french did nothing . 
  the czechs sacrificed their most defensible fortified positions in order to placate hitler becauses they trusted the british and french guarantee, 
  so youre addressing the russian media , not the users of the sub ? 
  because they committed violence they are not allowed to defend themselves from invasion ? 
  the western powers flattened large parts of europe and asia with bombs ... including nukes, 
  germany invaded the soviet union, 
  who was lying about it ? 
  youre the first one to even bring it up, 
  russians and germans cooperated to take poland . 
  its no different than when the germans , french and british cooperated to dismantle czechoslovakia, 
  its not konigsberg ... even if russians vacated it its never going back to germany if youre downvoting explain why . 
  do you really think the poles or lithuanians would ever allow a german enclave in the future ? 
  its not going to happen, 
  this is nothing new . 
  we have revisionists now claiming russia was going to invade nazi germany and that triggered hitler to invade russia revisionists will always try to change the story to suit the current political climate, 
  then dont invite people to `` leave then '' when you dont intend to let them leave . 
  if you 're going to force a country into your collective , they have the right to have an opinion and express it, 
  i consider nato the aggressor for moving their collective security border east for the past 2 decades . 
  full stop . 
  russia is an aggressor in some situations . 
  but i dont have to worry about russian troops over the borders in mexico or canada . 
  russians do have to worry about nato troops across the border in the baltics , ukraine , caucauses . 
  its apples and oranges . 
  i cant imagine what the us would do if there were a ukraine-style coup in mexico and they immediately signed alliances with putin . 
  actually i can ... there would be an invasion the next day . 
  it wouldnt matter if the mexicans supported the coup , there would be american soldiers in mexico city in a week, 
  i 'm not going to defend the strawman you invented , first of all . 
  secondly , as i recall , it was your dictator that decided to use military force in 2008 which caused the war, 
  but surely even a citizen can understand things are more complicated than simply `` leaving '' . 
  britain wanted to `` just leave '' and the eu threw a fit, 
  how can that be allowed ? 
  you must eradicate them . 
  have you tried linking them with putin somehow . . you know , attack their loyalty ? 
  there 's no room in today 's europe for opposing thought, 
  excellent counterpoint, 
  there 's zero mention of feelings in the comment you replied to . 
  those are facts, 
  isnt xenophobia illegal in the eu, 
  britain tried to leave ... they voted for it and everything . 
  you wo n't let them . 
  how many billions is the exit bill up to these days ? 
  and i suppose erdogan just helpfully advised his opponents to leave the country , too . 
  `` a difference in opinion ?? 
  go back to russia ! '', 
  and yet another discussion ends in name calling . 
  really disappointed in this place, 
  you 're one of those obsessed with russia and spreading fear of russia . 
  we called them mccarthyists many decades ago you admit yourself they can not even dominate countries on their own border . 
  anyway , regardless of russia , nato decides who to admit . 
  nato decides to expand . 
  if the border between russia and nato is moving east , its because nato wants it that way, 
  you can spin it any way you want ... the fact of the matter is the border between russia and nato is moving east and has been for decades i can not comprehend how anyone could acknowledge that and still claim russia is the sole aggressor just picture the shoe on the other foot . 
  picture the eu continuing to fall apart and russia snapping up the pieces . 
  picture britain and russia joining in an alliance and then calling the eu the aggressor . 
  or poland . 
  or hungary . 
  your head would explode at that dissonance, 
  that anyone could defend a country spending nearly a trillion dollars a year on military expenditures , with bases all across the world , with our hands in every conflict on earth from venezuela to the south china sea as `` not imperialist '' and `` different than russia '' just baffles me the propaganda is working , i guess, 
  nato was founded to counter the soviet union . 
  if you want to believe we expanded our military perimeter and practically annexed your nation out of altruism , even after the soviets fell , then so be it . 
  far be it from me to ruin a good fantasy . 
  and once the poles aquiesce and you become the new target for islamist resettling , i hope you can explain to your grandchildren that you were motivated to sell your country out of fear, 
  really has no bearing on us moving nato into your countries . 
  the sole purpose for accepting you is to contain russia . 
  if russia attempted to contain any western country , it would be seen as an act of aggression . 
  but we are pressing russia 's borders in the baltics , finland , ukraine , caucuses , central asia , black sea and we dare to call them the aggressors, 
  would it be an aggressive move by russia/china if they formed an alliance with mexico ? 
  does that pass as good debate in your country ? 
  of course you are !, 
  you 're happy to see someone else take over your defense and at little cost to yourselves but dont kid yourself . . at the end of 1990 the warsaw pact reached to the heart of germany ... and today there are nato forces some 500km from moscow . 
  if russia is the aggressor , they are aggressively pushing their border in the opposite direction, 
  so weird how nato takes in former soviet countries and tells the world russia is the aggressor, 
  and if you were negotiating as part of a union ... the union could overrule your rejection, 
  fining countries for not accepting eu diktats on border policy is not `` basic democracy '' threatening to kick countries out of the eu is `` authoritarian '' your eu/globalist side keeps hiding behind the populist buzzwords like pro-democracy and anti-authoritarian but you 're quickly losing the moral high ground, 
  uh . . are n't hungary 's and poland 's values part of the eu 's ? 
  perhaps you mean `` countries not supporting german/french values should just leave '' ? 
  the principle is blocking eu overstepping, 
  so the only options are do it nicely or do n't do it at all
