  you can try to label it counter narrative , disinformation , whatever , but youre attempting to influence peoples opinions because you dont believe they will get to the `` right '' opinion themselves . 
  that is exactly what russia is aiming to achieve . 
  i cant help but laugh at all these europeans , that are too smart to fall for propaganda , are now falling for this, 
  did someone call them racists , yet ? 
  do germans really need more luxury ? 
  i hope this gets reserved for immigrants, 
  if the war began today , it would n't end until august 2022, 
  but the islamic state did n't raise the lone wolves . . they didnt instill the values that shaped their world outlook as they were growing up if there is an identifiable ideology of criminality among the particular group of gypsies at this village , then they share more responsibility for the murderer than the islamic state does for a lonewolf i dont know how anyone could argue that a group that raises an individual influences him less than a group he voluntarily joins, 
  then again , why are we okay with blaming the islamic state for the actions of lone wolf attackers ? 
  lol . 
  the ukrainians are blaming the particular roma that live in the area , not the entire ethnic group living throughout the world or even the rest of the country to me it makes more sense than blaming the islamic state for lone wolf attacks, 
  considering this gypsy murderer was raised by and identifies with the cultural group of roma 's living in the area his entire life ... whereas a lone-wolf attacker has had little to any contact with the islamic state ... 
  i would say the ethnic group shares more responsibility with the criminal act than the terrorist group shares with the lone-wolf act i 'm just pondering why we 're okay with blaming the terrorist group for one act but absolutely terrified of blaming the ethnic group for another similar act, 
  well , what does the rest of isil have to do with a single terrorist action ? 
  i thought we were talking about limits on religious expression, 
  oppressing women and integrating into the local culture doesnt affect the population or society ? 
  i mean , obviously society in france disagrees , hence these bannings , right ? 
  again i ask , is it okay for immigrants not to educate their children if thats how they choose to express their religion ? 
  so you 're okay that christians do that , right ? 
  but you 're okay with forcing people to attend school against their religious will ? 
  some would say integration and prevention of oppression of women are good reasons, 
  some would say integration and preventing oppression of women are good reasons . . 
  i dont understand your logic ... you are against them not getting education because it breaks the law , even if it were their religious belief not to attend school but you are for them wearing burqinis even if it breaks the law , because it violates their religious beliefs ( supposedly ) not to wear a burqini, 
  so you 'll be okay with it once burqinis are outlawed ? 
  if girls were n't attending school because they felt education was incompatible with their religion , would you be okay with that ? 
  if you have a legitimate complaint , do something about it . 
  what the fuck does this do to improve your situation for someone who likes to breakdown the logic of things , this massive tantrum sure doesnt make alot of sense i missed my flight , i sure will work extra hard to ensure those blacks get stuff !, 
  lol, 
  because shitholes exist we shouldnt be shutting down airports to show how bad our lives are . 
  period . 
  any other way you try to spin it is your problem, 
  til criticizing society and shutting down airports are the same thing, 
  theres bad places to be white as well ... whats your point ? 
  cause his point was that no matter how bad those places in the west are , they do not compare to other places of the world, 
  so we are in agreeance that this allah akhbar thing is not ok ? 
  why did you bring up amen ? 
  im guessing you wouldnt be ok with it, 
  has the son been charged with assault , yet ? 
  antonescu was pretty passionately pro-nazi and especially pro-hitler, 
  i thought you elected a government to represent you , not to decide for you, 
  just making more and more brexit voters with these insults, 
  read the story ? 
  just going : `` oh putin sponsores it . 
  omg kill it with fire '', 
  im saying the eu would act unacademically, 
  `` a fish can not comprehend the existence of water , he is too immersed in it '' youre the fish and water is the propaganda, 
  most of us would agree with that , but lets be honest ... thats how the eu authorities would react to it, 
  `` islamic feminism in historical perspective '' is not propaganda ? 
  please , man . 
  please !, 
  its relevant because you are already banning news on political grounds ... but banning university courses for that reason is just too much for you im thinking the eu is just acting a bit arbitrary here, 
  i meant courses in the eu , dear, 
  oh please . 
  it would be 5 minutes before they were labeled `` fake courses '' and banned https://euobserver.com/foreign/137521, 
  would you feel the same if putin decided to dump money into a university in europe ? 
  soo ... if putin decides to sponsor some university courses , youd be okay with it ? 
  so youd force even muslims to lose the veil ? 
  i thought they couldnt prosecute because the community refused to cooperate and intimidated witnesses, 
  holy cow we have reached epic levels of butthurt i never see rage from the right about results of votes these days ... seems more and more like its the left highly opposed to democracy . 
  nobody posts any asinine attacks when merkel wins . . its only when the right wins in poland or hungary or italy that the rage appears . 
  i wonder if its just this sub or european leftist sentiment in general, 
  or ... end unchecked mass immigration, 
  i think there 's options between doing nothing and letting it dictate my life, 
  if someone is increasing my odds of being attacked , i should just do nothing ? 
  it 's probably putin . 
  isis is n't controlling eu borders and immigration policy , as far as i know, 
   you are more likely to die from x than y. 
  so why do you care that i want to increase your chance of dying from y ? 
  why doesnt poland want this ? 
  its clear who leads europe and its not belgium or the netherlands, 
  a little different as germany is the political and economic power of europe its like referring to the us as `` america '', 
  germant is europe , for the most part, 
  you dont have the liberty to raise your right hand , apparently, 
  the difference is murder is unversally known to be wrong raising your arm isnt, 
  yeah , raising your arms is totally insignificant in china but gets you locked up in europe . 
  ironic, 
  and you wouldnt in europe ? 
  you can insult me if you want . 
  there 's no way in china you 'd get arrested for moving your arm in a wrongly and thats a fact . 
  how embarassing for europe ... all the crap europeans talk about chinese authoritarianism and censorship . . and you arrest chinese tourists for movi their hands in an improper fashion, 
  guaranteed that colonel is making huge amounts of money on kickbacks from smugglers, 
  all of those events can be attributed to the germans, 
  i think we all have a hard time understanding it, 
  what, 
  okay hows this ? 
  http://content.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,2058832,00.html  the libyan civil war : gaddafi 's strategies for victory this article reports on gaddafis strategies for ending the war . 
   if or when benghazi is under immediate threat , the west is going to face stark options . 
  `` this is going to be very embarrassing for the western countries who have demanded gaddafi step down or have said they are 100 % behind the rebellion , '' says mcgregor . 
  4 days after this article , nato began its air strike intervention 2 months later , nato troops were on the ground in libya , in spite of the resolution forbidding it, 
  hillary clinton seems to disagree : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgcd1ghag5y, 
  but then why did we topple gaddafi and destabilize libya ? 
  wasnt it supposed to become a utopian country when he died ? 
  you 're not answering the question . 
  you answered as if i had asked `` did merkel have a significant influence on immigration '' my actual question `` does merkel support immigration '', 
  i 'm not quite sure your comment is within the rules of this sub, 
  i have no idea why you are so afraid of answering the question . 
  good day sir, 
  the topic is immigration in germany . 
  does merkel support it or not ? 
  i proposed a question and you are avoiding it for whatever reason .
