  if those issues you listed should be more important , as you imply , then the ndp should be discussing them instead of inciting rage on the immigrant issue, 
  so you want more people to suffer if your precious , precious muslims dont get their way ? 
  if you care so much why are n't you joining an ngo in syria ? 
  merkel is really acting like she is the fuhrer of the eu ... not even the president of the us can close state borders if they do n't act a certain way . 
  i 'm in awe, 
  its only a matter of time before she guarantees benefits to refugees that leave germany, 
  you really think its going to end at 200 ? 
  does n't merkel want to rewrite eu asylum laws to disperse migrants across the eu ? 
  if she has that power why ca n't they change the policy you refer to ? 
  yeah its amazing how quickly the west turned no-fly zone into `` bomb anything gaddafi '' theres no way chinarus are going to go along with any unsc resolutions that could transform into actual overthrows for a while, 
   there is absolutely nothing in this article to say the assailant was n't german , yet 90 % of the comments are about immigration . 
  if the mods do n't start cracking down hard on racism this place will be the new stormfront ... 
  saving this for when the guys identity is revealed, 
  yes because the people in charge have not made terrible mistakes on immigration issues before ... 
  its okay to be prejudicial and nationalistic against fellow europeans, 
  yes the muslims of britain are terrified of being bombed, 
  isnt it always the way ? 
  muslim extremism growing ... maybe we should listen to their concerns !, 
  pegida spreading ... 
  lock em all up !, 
  what about taiwan ? 
  theres a whole shitload of these regions and trying to muck up maps to advance your political stance is silly, 
  i think the problem here is snp now has more power in the uk ( as a whole ) than libdems and ukip combined, 
  theres more to it than numbers ... germany mobilized 17 million men but couldnt invade the uk that mobilized 4.6 million, 
  maybe if you actually listened to peoples concerns about immigration and made concessions they wouldnt have to resort to ukip ... oh and shutting them down undemocratically is a sure path to revolution, 
   wanted to join the axis but was not accepted thats a nice corruption of facts . 
  the idea of ussr joining the axis originated from the german side to thwart soviet ambitions in eastern europe . 
  the ussr had been continuously courted by both the axis and allies during that time period . 
  you make it seem like russia was begging to join the axis ... 
  in fact they had made aggressive demands to even consider it . 
  political revisionism of who was really on hitler 's side is laughable ... especially from a finn, 
  yeah those soviets were so awful for trying to stop the annexation of czechoslovakia by military force the western allies were right to let hitler annex land without a fight / r/europe really believes this, 
  please quote where i said every holiday is an election day . 
  my point is you are against an election holiday because it would be wasted ... when every other holiday already has at least an equal effect, 
   piss off to the beach im curious ... do you think people actually sit at home to observe current holidays ? 
  i find it even more disturbing when unarmed police officers have to beg for their lives in front of the public fashion choices dont irk me nearly as much, 
  isnt there mandatory minimum defense spending for eu countries ? 
  either way i dont see where france could think they are doing everyone a favor with their massive spending . 
  anything over the minimum you pay is your decision and if there is no minimum then its entirely optional, 
  sorry but what keeps you from doing this already ? 
  is it too hard to find an immigrant in the netherlands or something ? 
  that 's not a prison, 
  actually since youre so rude and condescending for no reason , lets just end the discussion here, 
  my beloved russia ? 
  you see the flag by my name right ? 
  i know recent events have you hyped up about russia but youre going off the deep end with these accusations the topic was and still is the similarity of russia and the west . 
  the western system can be referred to as the west im not really sure what the problem here is, 
  um we are talking about the western system imposing its will ... and the victims of that will, 
  yes , more freedom in europe/america ( and even thise freedoms are slipping away ) . . 
  but ask those countries that suffered from our military adventurism about their freedoms and youll get a different response . 
  ask the iraqis about their freedoms . 
  ask the libyans . 
  or syrians , iranians , afghanis, 
  the only difference between russia and the west is they worship a person , we worship a system . 
  our system knows all and sees all . 
  yes , we can intervene in your civil war because our system knows better . 
  yes we can slap sanctions on you because you slighted our system . 
  yes , we can topple your government , because you must follow our system . 
   event ** s ** whats the other event ? 
  except she is trying her lecture at a meeting of arab leaders ... 
  the saudis care little about criticism but they are n't going to allow her or anyone to do it at a meeting of arab officials . . 
  i do n't understand sweden 's rage at not being allowed to lecture . . 
  if a saudi official demanded to lecture your leaders about your criminal sentencing in eu parliament . . would you allow it ? 
  but you 're criticising the one i supposedly chose . . so you obviously believe you know better for the record , i have no idea what media you think i 've been `` snooping '', 
   the wrong media well , please tell the right media big brother, 
  focusing on ~ ~ the ~ ~ important issues, 
  the swedish foreign minister should n't be dictating criminal law in saudi arabia . 
  sweden would be equally indignant if saudi arabia 's fm attempted to do the same to sweden, 
  do you mean `` investing '' or `` predatory lending '' ? 
  because the billions being `` invested '' in the ukraine have no way of being paid back in any timely fashion , let alone generating any kind of wealth . 
  essentially , the ukraine 's independence and future were sold to the eu to keep kleptocrats in power . 
  when the time comes to impose austerity on the ukraine , we will hear the same eu rhetoric of financial irresponsibility and casting of blame on the common ukrainian . 
  / r/circlejerk, 
  good bless karmawhoring !, 
  then you 're naive, 
  but you 're still relying on the uk 's pacifism to avoid having to pay for a defense ... you should be kissing their arses not hurling aggressive words at them, 
  i think we all know that, 
  how is it misleading ? 
  they tried to sink them and they sank them, 
  ugh . . if he identifies as a child then he is a child . 
  no court has authority to tell him his self identification !, 
  sincerely , a european lefty, 
  it 's hard to tell cause hes wrapped in a blanket for some fucking reason ... likely on advice of his lawyers to cover his build, 
  thats the most cowardly copout nonsense ive ever heard . 
  if a war breaks out in my western country , im sending my kids and wife to safety first . 
  um one expects women and children to stay in a warzone ? 
  sounds like some pegida folks need to pretend to be islamists until they get to the protest, 
  you can not legally `` send them back '' so long as syria is not considered safe, 
  if you think regular terror attacks , massive immigration , and continuous military involvement in the mideast and africa are `` peace and boring progress '' , then yes , we have had enough, 
  and ? 
  from people that get arrested for tweets , this is hilarious http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-london-35888748 this is a mealy-mouthed article !, 
  lock me up, 
  just about every immigrant in the history of civilization endured the same or worse, 
  its just reality . 
  who is willing to die for crimeas return ? 
  not even the ukranians themselves, 
  did n't you earn it by inviting those people to your country ? 
   the u.s. is n't doing anything to debunk the disinformation the russian trolls are spreading . 
  we need to create a counter-narrative to russia 's claims . 
  buddy , propaganda is propaganda .
