in what manner ? 
  if you dont believe its true then why protest and risk your life ? 
  i was talking about the end result of your protesting not talking about individual fate like some self-centered schmuck ... you are n't the first or last to have to give up life and liberty to go against the government . 
  your fate does not matter . 
  it 's what you provide to future generations that matters . 
  i read your comment and replied what exactly do you want ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're referring to europe or what ... but here in the us . . you can also be arrested for protesting http://www.huffingtonpost.com/lee-camp/anti-occupy-law-passes-nea_b_1343728.html i think you 're suffering from grass-is-greener syndrome, 
  yes you have as many chances as you want to be ignored by your government . 
  well done, 
  if it is discovered , then it is just clumsy russian propaganda if it remained undiscovered , then it is cleverly hidden russian propaganda either way , the ~ ~ jews ~ ~ russians are behind it - joe mccarthy, 
  well yeah the pegida guys are evil evil terrorists but protesters in russia are true heroes !, 
  i dont get what the big difference is ... you either just get completely ignored in the west or arrested in russia the end result is the same . 
  the government gets its way . 
  put it this way , if putin would just decide to take the western route and ignore it , he still wins . 
  its not about having anyone to blame ... its about populations stagnation . 
  it 's no surprise that germany would be the loudest in calling for refugees , since their birthrate has become stagnant and their population begins to age  beyond the humanitarian imperative to offer protection , businesses are increasingly seeing an economic case to keep the asylum seekers , particularly since germany 's rapidly ageing population and low birth rate are slowly depleting its pool of skilled labour . 
  ok then , i 'm asking what will you do for the refugees that dont integrate and dont get a job ? 
  if germany has the power to enforce this quota business , they most certainly have the power to force you to coddle refugees, 
  he asked what you plan to do if they dont integrate and dont get a job . 
  seriously . 
  what ? 
  if you do n't support mandatory quotas you should 've voted no, 
  greece, 
  yes but when one of your eu allies needs debt relief , you say fuck them unity was never in practice, 
  they got enough to survive in turkey, 
  using the entire population of europe in your arguments is stupid ... 
  the wealth is concentrated in the west . 
  now , if you want to begin distributing your budget surpluses among 510 million people , then you can begin referring to them as equals, 
  the exact same way a libyan no fly zone was turned into a massive bombing campaign . 
  you cant be this dumb, 
  ever since the invasion of iraq in 2003 , the un has been relegated to an internationally charity organization, 
  you europeons have such selective memories : / the russians and chinese gave in to western demands for a no fly zone in libya and it was used to bomb the whole freaking country and turn it into the paradise it is today, 
  not that he deserves it ... 
  but he brought it on himself, 
  so you 're going to drop wages further and make job competition even harder with masses of refugees ? 
  why ? 
  so 7 % of germanys youth that ca n't find a job are about to compete with a bunch of refugees for work ? 
  i thought the question was along the lines of `` where would you flee if you had to '' ... in that case , i 'd want all the free bennies i could get, 
  arent syrian ` values ' closer to uae than european ? 
  they ca n't rebuild in turkey ? 
   entire life i thought the plan was to repatriate them after the war ? 
  oh really ? 
   at some point the healthy minority will have to start over . 
  i do n't want anything to do with the idiots who allowed this to happen in the first place . 
  doubt you could even do that without your government interfering or arresting you, 
  is that the last bastion of pride for euros ? 
  cant defend your culture , borders , or women but fight to the death over word definitions ? 
  i dont care what you think the word means . 
  youre a liberal to me . 
  deal with it, 
  why does everything have to be about victim/persecution with you libs ? 
  its just a weird thing to do . 
  argue with the comment not the commenter . 
  maybe he knows there are liberal psychos that would go thru his post history for stating his opinion ... 
  so he made a throwaway, 
  now even the refugees realize 1 million refugees per year is going to fuck shit up in germany, 
  maybe my view of the eu is mistaken ... 
  but that would be like a state attempting to override a federal law ... 
  so a state declaring gay marriage illegal after the supreme court declares it legal . . 
  which cant happen, 
  so germany can just decide what eu policies to follow ? 
  do other eu countries have this ability ? 
  doesnt seem like much of a union, 
  um ... how can german courts unilaterally declare an eu policy dead ? 
  then why do they keep asking for more, 
  so even the islamic state ? 
  how can merkel unilaterally declare an eu policy dead ? 
  fuhrer merkel is displeased with her vassals . . 
  germany and france keep danding more refugees ... take em !, 
  just stfu about quotas for other eu countries, 
  youre saying obama got elected from affirmative action ? 
  some people care what happens a century from now ... 
  you took in a broken bankrupted greece but you wont accept one of the most powerful nations on earth ... youre living up to the european racist islamaphobe stereotypes, 
  uh i dont know what you think america looks like . . 
  but the majority is white . 
  no , im not suggesting you `` import token blacks '' ( yikes ) . . im saying maybe your leaders dont have to look like you . 
  yes , continue electing your white ministers and calling america racist . . lol, 
  a first rate nation that racists refuse to admit into the eu, 
  tell that to europeans, 
  your leaders are all white ... how is that a `` troll '' ? 
  hmm looking at all the prime ministers of europe versus the president of the us seems to indicate the opposite, 
  so you admit they arent stranded in turkey ? 
  saying turkey is a perfectly viable refugee stop is ` irritating ' you ? 
  so any place except turkey ? 
  cause no migrant could ever be truly be happy in turkey ... every refugee aspires to white europe ... 
  heaven on earth compared to that shit hole turkey is that it ? 
  so the only ones who truly care are white european nations , not those evil turks . 
  is that what youre saying ? 
  thats my whole point ... 
  so the only ones possibly capable of caring for refugees are white european nations ? 
  the sheer arrogance is appaling, 
  living in turkey is equivalent to being `` stranded '' ? 
  why not open the doors to all 75 million turks so they can get out of that hell , too ? 
  if its not good enough for syrians why is it good enough for turks ? 
  so basically you 're going to make women and children walk to germany cause youre making a website ? 
  ranting on reddit isnt helping . 
  why arent you helping right now ? 
  drive down to hungary and offer some migrants a ride to germany, 
  to be fair , the ndp is the one trying to distract from domestic issues by capitalizing on dead children halfway around the world .
