  i 'm sure our turnouts would be much lower as well if people had to do that before they could vote . 
  let alone the long lines you often see in the us . 
  here you can drop into any school or public building and it 's most likely having a voting booth . 
  i made this topic last night because we often , especially i where i live near rotterdam , have such a low outcome of voters . 
  65 to 70 percent . 
  you can basically vote anywhere you want and time should not be an issue . 
  so , thanks for you vote . 
  assuming you are dutch as well , yes , that 's sometimes the downside with these 1 issue parties , but on the other hand , they often do offer more . 
  i think it 's the positive thing about the dutch system . 
  there were 3 parties i thought on voting for until last week and since yesterday i had 2 parties left in my mind . 
  it 's not like you have to choose between giant different views , as in the us with either left or right , or a lost vote if you vote some independent . 
  i know , i 'm 7 years younger than you , but on the other hand it 's one of these things that when you do n't do it , who else is going to . 
  last 4 years we had a party from the left and a party from the right who were the biggest two and barely made the majority to form a cabinet . 
  they tried , and it 's the first cabinet that finished their 4 year job since 2000 or so . 
  people who voted for that particular party on the left ( pvda/labor ) feel cheated in a way , people who voted for the right wing party ( vvd/liberals ) felt cheated . 
  but in the end , they did a great job in my opinion . 
  right now we have a massive 28 party option , i guess 15 or so will get 1 seat or more , so whatever the outcome , these tiny ones take votes from the larger ones and the prediction is that we now need 4 or 5 parties to form a coalition . 
  but ... in the end . 
  i always vote . 
  i think about that a alot when i see other places in the world . 
  i missed out on 1 vote once due to sickness . 
  but whenever we have an election or referendum , i go out and do it . 
  when i made this topic last night i was drunk . 
  did n't figure this would be that high up :d will read other comments later . 
  i think within 17 hours or so . 
  23:00 local time most votes will be counted . 
  well done  voting should make you feel proud . 
  it 's something that ca n't be done in a lot a countries and the fact google even made some nice picture for it , let 's all vote . 
  i ; m 38 years in age and voted over 15 times or so . 
  just one time not because i was n't here and it was just for the european parliament . 
  i vote for every election and referendum . 
  it 's my duty . 
  but since you are irish , sleep well with [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2gwiru2vxk )  not sure what it 's about . 
  that is correct . 
  but i 'm sure that most people who read this and are dutch will go to the voting booth today . 
  it was the google doodle that made me post this . 
  but i will get some good night sleep now , almost 5 in the morning and that is terrible . 
  have a day off tomorrow , but all i did is go on reddit tonight , and play fifa , gta , battlefield 1 and plants vs zombies 2 . 
  and posting music like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxabla7uq9k ) i 'm drunk and need to go to bed . 
  and then vote . 
  good night !, 
  yes . 
  when i really think about it i have something like : `` ah who cares whether i vote or not '' . 
  but i see it in the bigger scheme . 
  every vote counts . 
  i just want to tell the people who are still in doubt , go out voting . 
  it 's your right and duty . 
  be happy that you can . 
  looks like a game of risk where some tried to save up and others had bad luck with their dice while attacking . 
  europe was always a trouble thing to defend , same ( 5 ) armies when you skipped but harder to protect than the us which also gave you 5 armies for skipping a turn . 
  best was austria . 
  nice in the corner , south america too , but more noticeable . 
  lol , and now fatma bet\u00fcl sayan kaya ( minister of family and social policy , did n't know that was a thing ) is now driving towards the netherlands from germany to take over from \u00c7avusoglu . 
  apart from his stance on immigrants he actually is n't far right . 
  a lot of their plans are ` leftish ' . 
  i would n't vote for him since his party offers no solution and in a way it 's a lost vote because no other party want to form a coalition with him . 
  here is our [ political spectrum ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d1/pol-landschap-2012.png/400px-pol-landschap-2012.png ) of the current parties in our parliament . 
  the pvv is kind of in the middle . 
  but his constant hammering on moroccans , wanting to get out of the eu , want to get rid of the euro is what protrays him as far right . 
  the first thing you mentioned was rick santorum . 
  and his audience believed it , as expected . 
  here is one of the times he said it at townhall [ meetings ] ( https://youtu.be/yn-eejmcmua ), 
  is that mainly the old germany ( strassbourg in france and border of poland ) combined with other wealthy areas like north of italy and south of france or some deeper meaning i 'm missing ? 
  i do think the eu needs some serious fixing . 
  first try to fix it as it is , as we do now with the poorer economies . 
  if that does n't work make functional regions with countries that are alike . 
  i hope this is n't the link to that infamous cumbox story edit : ah ... i love / r/polandball turkey wanting to get a box as well was a nice touch . 
  but that ship has sailed if it ever sailed to begin with . 
  kind of worried what is happening over there . 
  and we ca n't do or say shit since they have refugees as leverage . 
  it was a pioneer for sure . 
  still nice that we 3 work so close after all these years . 
  and for us dutch it 's actually nice to be the biggest country in an alliance for once, 
  it 's just that i like history and being born in the netherlands , the benelux has always been a good thing . 
  our history is also tangled . 
  there are so many bonds within europe apart from the eu . 
  from north to south from east to west . 
  good thing !, 
  look at your roads . 
  your airports . 
  your public transport . 
  your healthcare . 
  your scoolsystem . 
  the money is in the pockets of the happy few in the us when you compare it to europe . 
  seeing it was 21 hours ago i wrote that , i was pretty baked and had some whiskeys  i later logged off , took a shower and had some needed sleep , 
  german anthem is very nice as well . 
  there are many great national anthems . 
  i like a lot of them  especially because it 's also an important issue . 
  countires are alike but you still have the battles in sports ( better than war ) and competition . 
  otherwise we would not have songcontest . 
  i like skylines . 
  frankfurt is pretty cool too . 
  i like our history . 
  how europe formed . 
  i mean , we owned belgium but got owned by the french and spaniards . 
  german as well . 
  hence why i love rotterdam . 
  the most unique dutch city i think . 
  if it was n't bombed we would have had an old city centre as well . 
  now it looks like this and i love living in the area .
