  i feel that these elections are more important than usual . 
  even thought we are a small country . 
  good that you gave him permission . 
  my parents were skiing 2 years ago while the local elections were . 
  they gave me the authority to vote for them . 
  loads of people do n't do that . 
  but i live by the principle that every vote counts . 
  / u/arrirererirra i think the point of that is to show that people did went out to vote but kind of say that they want a sort of change . 
  it 's hard to explain . 
  i never really thought about it that long because i always went for a specific party i thought would have the best ideas at that moment . 
  yes and no . 
  it is a right , but i really think it 's a small duty . 
  like we had the thing of going into the army to serve your country , but that got abandoned since we have a professional military . 
  the thing you can do for your country is cast a vote . 
  it 's a small thing to do , but you do get to help the direction your country is going . 
  in that way i find it a duty . 
  but , last night i was drunk , so i probably did n't always made myself clear with what i actually thought . 
  i think you are better of checking in after 21:00 when the voting booths close . 
  right now it 's just exit polls and speculations . 
  just do n't use the_donald as your source  both sweden and the netherlands are hellholes according to them . 
  we risk being raped 24/7  urgh , i hate those people . 
  they do n't even know where to point on a map to tell where we live , yet they know how our lives are . 
  a party on the left . 
  so far it 's a huge turnout . 
  unlike other years . 
  i know wilders gets all the attention in the foreign media , but there are millions of people who simply will never vote for him . 
  also , we do n't have a winner takes all system . 
  you need 75 +1 seat of the 150 to rule on your own ( never happened ) . 
  meaning with current polls you have to have 4 or even 5 parties to form a cabinet with . 
  currently our cabinet is formed by 2 parties , one on the left , one on the right . 
  they did a great job , although they are so different . 
  finding the middle is a good a thing . 
  even if he will be the largest party , which i doubt , he will not be in the cabinet since other parties excluded him on forehand due to his history and letting a previous cabinet fall . 
  but in worst case scenario he will be in charge , still had to work together with a couple of other parties and thus can never implement the radical things he want . 
  brexit is a shame yes . 
  the future is a combined europe . 
  a better one we have now . 
  they should have focuses on that . 
  getting out of it is n't going to work . 
  people in the netherlands have the choice , and many choose not to vote on him . 
  i know the_donald likes to hype him , but he offers no solutions whatsoever . 
  and two times red for sp and pvda . 
  g is vvd ; 0, 
  i think around 23:00 ( 11pm ) central european time when 95 percent or so is counted . 
  exit polls earlier . 
  yes , but with rights comes duties in my opinion . 
  there are so many people telling : `` well , i do n't vote , they are all the same '' or complain when a cabinet is formed that they do n't like . 
  the least you can do is take 15 minutes every year ( local , national , eu and another election , `` waterschap '' ) and vote what you want to see and who you support . 
  i do n't want to bring in the stereotype that there are like 100 countries who would die to be able to vote in a democracy but it actually is . 
  yes , that 's why sites like stemwijzer etc come in handy . 
  give extra weight to points you find important . 
  they did talk about changing it to the weekends in order to get a higher percentage of people who will go vote . 
  but i do n't think that will ever change . 
  you indeed get loads of opportunities to vote before , after or even during work . 
  or while visiting certain trainstations on your way . 
  there was also a discussion to make voting mandatory , like in belgium , but that does not make sense as well . 
  then you get a lot of people who vote on nothing . 
  i rather have people voting who made a decision on their own and choose to cast their vote . 
  me too . 
  i voted for one of the most hated party , the pvda  was in doubt between groen links , d66 and pvda . 
  our votes will balance out 2 votes for wilders . 
  nothing against people who vote for him , but i will never vote for him . 
  i think you are wrong . 
  i think people who would normally not vote , will go out and vote with all the things going on the world right now . 
  it 's a sunny day as well , that helps too . 
  on rainy days some parties benefit . 
  mostly the christian parties , since they have such a steady base that always vote . 
  curious to see the outcome tonight . 
  same with me . 
  any party that wants to ` get out ' of the eu was not getting my vote . 
  we need the eu and the eu is the future . 
  but i do think we need to improve what we have right now . 
  give back some powers to individual countries and keep the good parts . 
  we need a eu in order to compete with china , the u.s. and for our security as well . 
  i understand where people come from when they are anti-eu , but it 's good to hear another person being pro european . 
  hiddema is a funny man . 
  / u/jhalliley not the guy i would vote for , but he does speak out his mind . 
  love him when he 's on talkshows like pauw . 
  while others would think certain things , he just says it . 
  he 's a good guy yes , and a good party . 
  was still in doubt last week to vote for d66 , groen links or pvda . 
  i just went out to vote myself and picked one of these . 
  really ? 
  figured that it was n't allowed anymore . 
  often a drivers license is n't allowed for official things . 
  on the other hand i remind the discussion of old people not having an id or passport since they do n't go abroad anymore . 
  also tired of these people bashing sweden and do n't have a clue . 
  they can barely point it out on a map . 
  did n't know what you were talking about , found it on ad.nl with the title : most fun locations to cast your vote . 
  i remember that . 
  and it was also the time when your country did best of all time , while you were still trying to form a cabinet , 
  did you find it yet ? 
  nope , those are never allowed for official things . 
  only for other things , like showing your age when you go to a coffeeshop and such . 
  alcohol as well . 
  if i would have read it over before posting it last night/this morning , then i would have noticed that  ah well ... 
  the fact it 's not a holiday should not matter . 
  i mean , today our booths are opened up from 7 or 8 in the morning till 9 in the evening or give someone elese permission to vote for you . 
  but that registration in the us is nonsense , never underst ood that . 
  why do n't they just send voting passes over mail to people who are allowed to vote .
