what do you miss , the home telephone line ? 
  in a way it 's still handy yes . 
  i do call my parents on their home phone , but all the other people i call are basically on their mobile . 
  i work at irregular times , so most people do n't even try to call me at home , just on my mobile . 
  i get [ this ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/5731269937.png ) in the netherlands . 
  not even sure what it costs since we only have these 3 in 1 offers . 
  fastest right now with my provider is 300 mb/s . 
  i have the medium package ( 34 euro -  37 dollar -  30 pound ) per month , including standard digital tv , and ... totally useless , a home telephone number , haha ), 
  that was after they cleared the rubble . 
  the building in the front that looks like a palace is city hall and was thankfully not hit . 
  the church in the back is the laurens-church . 
  here another pic when they [ cleaned ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/zuej1z6mgps/maxresdefault.jpg ) the rubble . 
  other [ angle ] ( http://imgur.com/a/93g98 ) they also torn down some other buildings that were not affected , but thought they would take them down anyway , to redevelop the whole area in 1 go . 
  although your first pic is n't during the war . 
  i uploaded these two pics of rotterdam , the netherlands a while back . 
  was looking at that as well . 
  yes , right under the main headline : `` kim kardashian flaunts her famous curves while leaving her house , worth 2.3 million pounds , heading to the gym . 
  but can you spot the odd thing in these pictures '' ? 
  after the gif ended , this was the latests reclamation . 
  [ maasvlakte ii ] ( http://portscapes2.nl/_files/images/mv2%20luchtfoto%20zuid%20april%202012%20low%20res.jpg ) near [ rotterdam ] ( https://www.portofrotterdam.com/sites/default/files/maasvlakte%202-juni2015_0.jpg ), 
  i 'm dutch . 
  only hard thing for us to learn is [ this ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/b2bbxboiv3c/maxresdefault.jpg ) . 
  for the rest it 's easy that like 70 percent of our words are related or similar . 
  and the structure of both our languages . 
  i was replying to the fact that you said 20 to 40 percent of the people in the eu , do n't like the eu and want to get out of it . 
  if those numbers are correct , for the sake of the discussion , that leaves 60 to 80 percent being neutral of the eu or support it . 
  i brought up the dutch elections from 2 weeks ago because all the foreign attention went to geert wilders , one of the few parties that actually want to get out the eu and go back to our old currency . 
  they figured he would become the largest party , but he did n't get to be the biggest party , nor will he be in a to be formed cabinet . 
  if there were loads more of people wanting to get out of the eu , they would have cast a vote to him or one of the other parties that would want to force our country out . 
  that 20 to 40 percent you speak of means 80 to 60 percent are neutral or pro european . 
  but they do n't get media attention . 
  same with our last election . 
  foreign press was all about wilders this ... wilders that . 
  spend maybe 2 minutes in their reporting on what the other 80 percent of the people would vote for . 
  yes . 
  on the other hand , when i grew up i had somw friends that could n't care for politics . 
  unlike me . 
  but after discussing with them to go out and vote i gave up trying . 
  you guys vote for many things in cali right ? 
  like on new laws and bills ? 
  also knew it , but i opened it upside down so my whole plan was ruined and had to open it completely . 
  30 seconds of anxiety ... well worth it . 
  same with me . 
  lucikily i was the only one there at that moment but i felt the 3 pair of eyes burning in my back of these people that sit there . 
  and after i finally folded it up again the ballot kept sticking out since it was almost full . 
  felt dumb, 
  yes . 
  that 's what i dislike with some people , always complaining but never bother to vote . 
  same as the_donny all month long . 
  and since they ban anyone with a different view they simply upvoted any not factual story or picture , without people actually knowing what they talked about . 
  last elections i voted for groen links , before that the pvda and d66 a couple of times . 
  this year i did vote for the pvda , knew they were going to lose big , but i still have sympathy for that party . 
  i really do n't think they did all that bad the last 4 years . 
  i got mine about 1 week before i got my voting pass . 
  ` kieskring dordrecht '' , maybe other regions do it differently . 
  or a lazy mailman . 
  the fourth pic is of dr phil with hair , but then preaching more than he usually does . 
  / r/totallynotrobots, 
  some people vote out the name of religion , yes . 
  but some parties have common sense to not only go after that . 
  they realize the rest of the country does n't agree with laws based on religion . 
  we have the cda , a pretty large catholic party but in general mild . 
  then the christen unie/cu and the sgp , reformed ones . 
  they are more stricter . 
  in a way funny that the_donny focusses on women rights in other countries but forget it 's also christian towns that see women as lower beings . 
  they wear head stuff as well . 
  they are n't allowed to work or go into poltics . 
  it 's a miniroity but not to be overlooked . 
  that 's why things like gay marriage , a decent end of your life when there really is n't another option except for throwing yourself of a building or train ( and give trauma to the driver ) and things like almost free drugs that normally do n't hurt the majority of people . 
  spend money on helping the troubled people and let the majority do things they just do but do n't hurt noone  geez , i 'm stoned . 
   speak to you later , 
  your first comment  welcome on reddit . 
  but here the lines or non existent and you can just enter a building nearby and vote . 
  only line we had was back in 2001 or 2002 when pim fortuyn was murdered . 
  internet was a thing , but back then life would be more directly life-ish . 
  like actually go out and vote . 
  make a change . 
   i take life too serious . 
  i immediately thought of trump and his voter count allegations . 
  i think bad . 
  i stopped listening to polls and radio for a moment , will check in an hour when the first counts come in , but sunny weather , difficult times in the world , make for a high outcome and then the standard parties benefit most . 
  when it would have rained parties like the christian cda would have benefited in example , they have a steady base , so does wilders with his pvv . 
  normally around 8 , 9 or 10 percent i guess . 
  in general the most votes with a large turnout go to the established parties and sometimes 1 or 2 ones that did n't do too well before . 
  because they changed leader most of the times . 
  we do n't want to , but we do vote on a person very often . 
  erm , smoked my first joint of the night . 
  kind of stoned and i already typed a lot  maybe have a glass of wine and report for you later when the first data comes in, 
  [ the netherlands ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djixtawkbrg ) from above . 
  last night i posted this topic and little did i know that it would be discussed so much as it has . 
  it 's great to see how many of you care for politics . 
  but the video above shows how wonderful a country can be . 
  i feel blessed for being born here , with sincere politicians , at least 95 percent or so , some are in it for personal gain . 
  but for the sake of conversation i leave them out . 
  our roads are fine , our healthcare is fine ( was better ) , our laws on gay marriage , euthanasia , drugs were made decades ago ( gay marriage 2001 or so , i guess , so not decades for that ) , but still lead the world when it comes to progress . 
  but , so should all of you with access to internet and having freedom to say what you want . 
  with the recent turkey riot i feel even more happy that i have the freedom to do what i want . 
  only 2 hours flying from here . 
  they spend a lot of time talking about politics . 
  even when i was in school .
