  like taking 1 christian holiday off and add a muslim or jewish one for instance . 
  or take away 1 christian holiday and add liberation day as one . 
  but people oppose that , they rather keep it as it is but simply add that one day extra . 
  yup , not sure where it should be . 
  i do n't see it anywhere on the [ map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gwmmnwu.jpg ), 
  looks like that video i once saw of a guy making ( a better looking ) homer out of a [ us penny ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqizjaddq_8 ), 
  a while back i found [ this tracking site for euro bills ] ( https://en.eurobilltracker.com/ ) so far i got two hits of bills i entered . 
  fun to see where they have been , as long as someone else also entered the bill number of course . 
  anyone else used that site before ? 
  and now look up how many people are actually locked up for hate speech ? 
  you may be tried in court if you went too far and as a result maybe get a warning , fine or community service . 
  and telling that we lock people up just like that , bit rich coming from an american . 
  erm ... like in the us where they bleep out any swear word on radio and tv ? 
  where they blur nipples as well ? 
  you are being treated like 10 year olds in that way . 
  you ca n't speak for europe as a whole . 
  i can say and do whatever i want in the netherlands , for instance , as long as i do n't make it a hate speech or request for violence . 
  i 'm done rewatching always sunny and since my other favo shows like south park , american dad , the middle , gold rush , family guy and probably three more are off season ... i should watch the wire . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  yesterday i did watch the specific clip on rotterdam only . 
  i heard of the show but there are just so many good shows , stuff like stranger things , the blacklist . 
  and then i 'm not even into game of thrones ( never gave it an honest try ) but fantasy is n't my favo genre . 
  i just looked that up , never watched the show . 
  funny  but in reality , it 's just a [ gigantic port ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_gptwxbx7a ) and there are probably hundreds of containers sitting with drugs in it at any given moment , from decoy to small or large shipments . 
  they do extra checks on south american shipments and they do catch a lot . 
  combined with sniffer dogs and scans they do what they can . 
  but you cant stop the demand . 
  maybe 10 percent is for the dutch market , the rest to germany , france , italy etc. 
  same with the port of antwerp in belgium . 
  edit : [ this ] ( http://www.ad.nl/rotterdam/douaniers-tot-oksels-in-de-cocaine~ade93d90/ ) was a 2900 kilo bust last year in the port of rotterdam in [ 2014 ] ( http://www.nu.nl/binnenland/3941374/grootste-drugsvondst-ooit-in-haven-rotterdam.html ) the second largest ever , 3000kg in 2005 4200kg normal rate here is 25 euro 's for half a gram . 
  flair checks out , 
  nope , did not report him . 
  to me that 's the police their job and they do bust sellers of hard drugs and i was a user myself , that itself would make it hypocrite to report the guy . 
  i do know he would be a sort of 3rd man once the drugs would be imported . 
  he 's not the guy owning 1000 kilo 's on arrival . 
  he 's the guy after the guy after the guy , but they do look for people having access to certain systems locally . 
  especially people who work at customs who have more access than anyone else to ` do the job ' . 
  every now and then you read about a roque person accepting tons or even millions of euro 's for helping out . 
  like [ this ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2017/05/rotterdam-port-inspector-arrested-on-drugs-charges/ ) for the rest , i do report crimes , when it 's theft or vandalism . 
  i can understand that in this business people get hurt too , but to me that 's different . 
  edit : but in the end , it 's just not worth it . 
  i joked that i would do it for billions but when thinking about it , living a life knowing the police can be on your doorstep any random day . 
  not a nice thought . 
  i like my freedom too much to spend time in jail . 
  funny thing you mention that . 
  when i was working as a planner at a containerterminal in rotterdam , i was offered a sum of 10.000 euro to ` do some things ' . 
  mainly changing stuff in the system and changing the company that would haul a certain container off the yard . 
  i wo n't risk jail or losing my job over 10k . 
  but would it be billions , then yeah . 
  i would do it in a heartbeat . 
  i 'm a terrible person . 
  to clarify , that guy that offered that was some dude that owned a bar and would sell cocaine on the side , i was there for some cocaine myself . 
  glad i do n't use that anymore , but just to clarify that it 's not some random dude asking or following people who worked there . 
  did you get that quantity is better than quality from that post on / r/gaming one or two days ago with those guys playing a flight sim ? 
  will see if i can find it . 
  edit : no wonder i could not find it there , it 's in / r/videos https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/6jc7g8/what_happens_when_somebody_tries_to_be_serious/, 
  well thanks , but you say that to everyone according to your history :( i 'm not special . 
  i think / r/wholesomememes would be the right sub for you , 
  i learned so much today . 
  and that on my day off . 
  love reddit !, 
  / u/heknarf should become an economics teacher . 
  he makes it all so simple to understand  wish i had a teacher like that back in highschool . 
  yes , the real lpt are always in the comments , 
  this is why i do n't understand mods telling to stop reporting , yet will post a screenshot of the reports , only making people to report it even more with edgy remarks . 
  ah well . 
  their choice . 
  i know , that 's why i said :  i know our own country sells it often as holland instead of the netherlands , but in official things never . 
  only tourism and sports . 
  my point being , journalists should take the official name of a country , and not the popular one . 
  what people call our country i do n't mind , but i like journalists to be official when they write up facts and knowing the difference is important . 
  just like checking your spelling . 
  my spelling might be full of mistakes , but that 's the job of a journalist . 
  i get what you are saying , but to me the official name should be used in official articles or statements , 
  in a way i do care . 
  but then when the press refers to us as holland instead of the netherlands . 
  when people do it , fine . 
  i do n't mind , but when a newspaper or tv shows that tries to bring facts and serious news , then i mind . 
  and they are n't even consistent . 
  often i read something in the title with : '' ... holland '' and in the article itself they change it back to the netherlands . 
  if it 's the american press i care less but when it 's the press in the uk , you would figure they know the difference , since we are one of their closes neighbours . 
  i know our own country sells it often as holland instead of the netherlands , but in official things never . 
  only tourism and sports . 
  like this  turkey says holland responsible for srebrenica massacre as diplomatic row continues  turkish president recep tayyip erdo\u011fan has said he holds the dutch responsible for the 1995 massacre of 8,000 bosnian muslims in srebrenica as he continued a days-long tirade against holland and europe . 
   with less than 24 hours before dutch voters head to the polls in an election seen as a test of populism in europe , mr erdo\u011fan continued to stoke the row over holland blocking turkish ministers from attending a rally in rotterdam . 
   `` we know the netherlands and the dutch from the srebrenica massacre . 
  we know how rotten their character is from their massacre of 8,000 bosnians there , '' mr erdogan said in speech to healthcare workers . 
  ok , will look into that , ty, 
  i remembered later , that 's why i removed it . 
  was a great game . 
  played it for so many hours back in the msn zone days , later some other servers . 
  especially cba ( castle blood something ) was a fun a mode to play online . 
  not since the green spirit got closed down  but yeah , it was a joke . 
  there are certain areas i would not want to live ( akkers , hoogwerf en die buurt rond het plateau ) , but areas like de maaswijk look nice and quiet . 
  plus you have a metro . 
  something that i missed here when i didnt had a car yet . 
  always had to take the last bus home at midnight or so . 
  or pay a lot for a taxi . 
  edit : and arcaplex is a theatre i often go to . 
  our cinema is crap .
