  het jeugdjournaal also did and they even have like fake elections in some schools , in order to talk about it later . 
  maybe 16 is too young , but then 17 would be a first step . 
  i grew up in the 80 's and 90 's without internet and just a couple channels on tv . 
  right now every young person is hearing about politics and the world even when they try to avoid it . 
  sometimes laws need to be changed . 
  he will probably get like 10 percent of the votes . 
  meaning 90 percent is not voting om him . 
  i do n't sympathize with his party but in a way i do n't care too much . 
  i know the_donny likes to hype him up as if he 's a new kid on the block . 
  he 's been there with his own party for over a decade . 
  he does have some valid points , but he 's not changing anything . 
  i really do n't get the bbc , cnn and whatever channel telling how he 's influencing our politics so much . 
  he does n't . 
  he 's part of the establishment by now . 
  i do n't mind people voting on him . 
  i even find it not good that parties excluded him for forming a government . 
  that 's what he wants . 
  bit like the_donny does . 
  feeling sad the rest hates him . 
  trump got elected , messes up terrible in the view of the rest of world . 
  except his loyal supporters . 
  wilders messed up some years back by pulling the plug when he was sort of in power . 
  give him another chance and he will mess up again . 
  he does n't want to get into power . 
  he loves to yell at the sidelines . 
  telling how terrible anything is . 
  needles to say i voted for a left wing party . 
  but ... again , if people want to vote for him , be my guest . 
  yes , things could be improved in my country , but is he the answer ? 
  nope . 
  not sure what you mean with vote often . 
  we do n't have to register as voter here . 
  anyone who is eligible to vote gets 1 vote send to their home . 
  but yes , vote when you can !, 
  only 1 hour left . 
  turn out is higher than 4 years ago so far . 
  people are more interested in politics with the current state of the world . 
  and i thank the internet for that as well . 
  loads of people who were n't busy with politics in the past probably are in this era . 
  yes , i understand what you mean . 
  that 's why i did n't like the discussion to adopt the belgian system where it 's mandatory to vote . 
  on the other hand , simple stuff like rain can affect elections because then people from the cda and some other parties with a strong following will vote . 
  other parties would get less votes . 
  right now the huge turnout so far is already affecting the smaller parties . 
  it 's a difficult thing . 
  in a way i think it 's a right and privilege like you said , on the other hand it 's a duty , i still think that . 
  it 's something you maybe do n't enjoy but simply have to do to make any change . 
  i worry a lot . 
  that 's why i will go to the coffeeshop later on , drink a beer and smoke a joint while watching what my country voted for . 
  i wish the best for my country , that 's why i made this topic last night . 
  cheers , 
  my opinion is that people should be able to vote aged 16 . 
  i know our alcohol limits went up from 16 to 18 but driving went from 18 to 17 under guidance . 
  i think people aged 16 should be able to vote . 
  times have changed . 
  children are more mature ( in general ) faster than it used to be . 
  at least , that 's what i think . 
  more self aware and absorbing more info, 
  now 55 percent at 18:00 ( 6:00 pm ) . 
  previous election at 18:00 only 48 percent . 
  now 55 percent at 18:00 ( 6:00 pm ) . 
  previous election at 18:00 only 48 percent . 
  yes , i was wrong on typing the word ` just ' . 
  kind of drunk last night so i just typed away . 
  i always exclude parties that are against the eu in our national elections . 
  and i was wrong on what election i missed . 
  it was for ` waterschap/generale staten ' one . 
  it 's both the up and downside of reddit . 
  it 's one of the things to let other people know if they agree or not . 
  i rather would see a system sites like www.nu.nl had . 
  your comment would be ranked based on when you posted it , not on how many people agree or disagree . 
  people could still upvote or downvote the comment but it would not move to controversial . 
  on the other hand , i get many downvotes for my opinion as well . 
  just do n't worry too much about it . 
  i had some replies telling otherwise , that it 's a right , not a duty . 
  i can understand that . 
  but my personal feeling is that people should use their right and ` see it as ' their duty . 
  we always love to complain in the netherlands , while we top the top 10 lists very often when it comes to ways of living . 
  things can always improve and that is having a stable cabinet . 
  and people elect that . 
  every vote counts . 
  so many countries do n't even get the chance to . 
  yes . 
  in my life i have voted for 4 different parties , without checking one of these ` guides ' . 
  this year was different . 
  i did de stemwijzer 3 times , kieskompas 2 times and voted with my guts today after i was sure two parties were the parties i really stand for on so many points . 
  / u/metalmaniac9999 sometimes certain issues gets snowed under due to other ` recent ' developments in the world . 
  like the refugees or more or less eu . 
  brexit , trump , stuff like that as well . 
  luckily most parties do care a lot about privacy and technology , but are just small sidenotes at the moment . 
  but they are there . 
  it 's good to hear there are already so many people voting . 
  and then there is still a lot of people that will vote after they are done working . 
  yes . 
  right now we play a small role , but in the past our tiny country set the trends in europe like euthanesia , gay marriage , ` sort of ' legal weed etc. 
  on international level we are nothing , but in europe we are still a relevant country . 
  that 's why i dislike the law in belgium for instance that makes it mandatory to vote . 
  if people do n't want to vote they should not have to . 
  but , last night my feeling was that the world is kind of messed up again and there are so many things going on from wars to trump and putin , turkey going back into time with a dictator . 
  a lot of anti-eu sentiment .
