top-5 1 . 
  amsterdam , say whaaa ? 
  brussels is actually probably up there and i almost included it on my initial post , but edged it out to rotterdam . 
  a bit of both . 
  it is a rivalry , but primarily i dislike because i find it very dull and uninteresting , at least for me as it 's very modern and thus just looks like any ole american city to me ( and i 'm sure i 'll get skinned alive by the rotterdammers for this , but i think amsterdam has some more exciting slivers of contemporary/modern architecture where it does pop up in the city ) , which i 'm overly used to and not too fond of , and i think it tends to be overrated even by `` amsterdammers '' who also like it . 
  but yes also because it 's cool to hate on them , it makes it that much more fun !, 
  :p edit : if i were to be partial to any other ranstad city it would have to be utrecht for sure , the rest ... meh !, 
  munich used to be up there , but if i 'm being honest i 've actually grown to appreciate it since moving away from bavaria . 
  as an amsterdammer , rotterdam makes a hard case for the top spot . 
  other than that though do n't know if there 's anywhere i dislike enough, 
  who owns albert heijn group , because i 'm pretty sure that also includes etos , gall & gall and some other big ones i 'm forgetting ... 
  in the us it 's mostly the same except `` dego '' is used for italians ( alongside ginny and wop more for italian-americans though ), 
  barcelona should be your number one based on what you state it literally has everything you stated in the op . 
  italy is my second homeland for all practical purposes and holds a special place in my heart . 
  i would recommend starting in the north in the dolomites and work your way down to lake garda and the veneto ( see verona and i guess venice ) then head to bologna and then cinque terre , if you 're really ambitious head south somewhere on the coast or to one of the island perhaps sardegna . 
  in barcelona you 'll get weed they have the most burgeoning cannabis scene in the country . 
  i i would say to do amsterdam , barcelona , berlin , and maybe portugal or italy . 
  all the cities mentioned above have much to offer , great nightlife , high tolerance towards/social acceptance and accessibility towards cannabis as well . 
  for nature i think austria and italy are your best bets ( switzerland and norway would be high up there but basically the two most expensive places in the world ) . 
  there 's some quantity of months think it may even be * twelve months * that essentially sounds like `` cock tastes good '' when pronounced aloud in estonian , this i know, 
  heard morgan freeman , coming from '' * morgen vrij man * '' ( tomorrow free , man ) as a reference to having fuck all to do the next or off work . 
  but only heard it one group of people so i 'm not sure if it 's actually a thing or not . 
  french is the only one i can think of readily , in english , but there 's is almost assuredly more which i 'm drawing a blank on . 
  seen `` di roma '' as an italian surname , but only once , did n't strike me as a particularly common thing , on also seen `` tedesco '' ( german ) as an `` italian-american '' last name . 
  also `` pavan '' as a veneto surname , derived origin in the city/province of padova . 
  i 'm pretty sure spanish has a lot too . 
  pretty sure i 've seen valencia as a last name before . 
  i agree with the this , to me gli is pronounced almost as `` yhee '', 
  das ist boarisch it 's what bavarians tell foreigners to say including other germans and then laugh at the butchered pronunciation . 
  means : `` squirrel with a tail '', 
  g is easy for me `` uu '' `` eur '' `` ui '' have some subtitles that are hard for my ear to pick up on . 
  `` sch '' can be tricky but i can definitely do it, 
  american here , personally i prefer mayo on my fries over ketchup . 
  nl : stroopwafels , haring , poffertjes , kibbeling , olliebollen edit : us - hotdogs , ( certain parts in the west ) tacos, 
  nl : moroccan , turkish , antillean , surinamese , indonesian and to a lesser extent chinese . 
  and a host of intra-eu migrants . 
  ( at least in amsterdam ) de : turkish , greek , romanian , italian , several balkan and former yugoslav nationals as well as some russians ( bayern ) it : increasingly sub-saharan africans , maghreb-africans , albanian , romanian , small pockets of east asian , south american and south asian . 
  ( veneto ) es : pakistani , italian , moroccan , sub-saharan , a bit of chinese , south americans ( mostly venezuelans and argentinians seemingly ) . 
  ( barcelona ) us : east asian ( basically all countries ) , mexican ( and central-american ) . 
  ( west coast ) carribean hispanic , east asian , basically everywhere ( greater ny area ), 
  the eu expats/immigrants are a lot more diverse ( in terms of nationality ) than the major groups of `` non-western migrants '' i 've noticed ( as stated above moroccan , turkish , indonesian , surinamese , antillean and bit of chinese pretty much sums of that category for nl ) , but yes indeed there are a lot of spaniards in ever increasing numbers it seems . 
  in amsterdam though i 'd say they 're about matched ( maybe even surpassed ) by the italians in numbers ... but i wonder if that 's true elsewhere in the country ... 
  somebody else explained . 
  there 's indo which is mixed euro-dutch ancestry and ethnic-indonesian from during the colonial-era . 
  there 's also a substantial amount of full-blood born and bred indonesian immigrants , but they 're still in smaller number than the `` indo '' group - furthermore they have varying levels of integration i would say . 
  i 'm interested to get a better perspective on perceptions of surinamese in nl , since they 're the one former colony that really maintained prominent use of the language ( you could argue the antilles but hell they speak an awful lot of papamiento , english and whatever the hell else in addition ) . 
  flula the german personality can be pretty funny at times ( take on american football and also `` jenna the party pooper '' , goes great with his heavy de accent ) . 
  other than that ... you got me ... 
  i agree , though i consider estonia much more baltic than nordic ( do n't really see it as such ) . 
  my registered address is out in nieuw west but i basically stop by often enough to check the mail , or stay there if my partner is out of town traveling . 
  nonetheless give me the tourists over the bland quiet architecture of west any day !, 
  barcelona or somewhere in switzerland . 
  i live in the centrum and my biggest pet peeve is the tourists for sure !, 
  like , the beautiful architecture ( living in the canal belt ) , convenient location , etc, 
  for me the similarities with new york are mostly around the some of the rowhouse/brownstone architecture , especially in brooklyn ; the colonial legacy ( new amsterdam ) and the highly diverse/international/cosmopolitan vibe both cities have . 
  for the pacific northwest cities ( portland and oregon ) my parallels are liberal politics , especially cannabis tolerance . 
  climate , very similar climate between seattle and amsterdam . 
  the geographical situation of the countries/states within their respective continents ( northwest ) and portland while lacking the same quality of infrastructure for cycling as amsterdam , is the biking culture mecca in the u.s. is a burgeoning rapidly growing scene . 
  finally new orleans is in general cited as one the more european esque cities in america add to that it 's raucous reputation for debauchery ( the sin city vibe ) and it has a similar feel to amsterdam especially between the touristy nightlife centers in the two towns - bourbon street is eerily a carbon copy of the leidseplein and warmoestraat areas of amsterdam . 
  amsterdam reminds me of parts of new orleans , new york and seattle for differing reasons, 
  racism ? 
  hmmm guess rowdy `` stag do '' ' - esque behavior being a norm . 
  a recent ( and very typical ) vice article : covering a pair of strangers `` sat '' ( sitting ) next to one another on a flight between manchester and ibiza , who horrified the rest of the plane as they proceeded to shag one another , that scene encapsulates the reputation/preconceptions continentals have of brits , in a way that my american sensibilities simply can not convey !, 
  is there a sub for #britsabroad because there sure as hell should be !, 
  e tu di dove sei ? 
  a lot of dutch do n't like flemish accents and vice-versa i 've noticed !, 
  us : general american thank you very much !, 
  qotsa is the tits !, 
  edit : whole list is pretty brilliant to be fair !, 
  second edit : 1 . 
  sublime 2 . 
  tool 3 . 
  the beatles 4 . 
  queens of the stone age 6 . 
  rage against the machine 8 . 
  alice in chains 9 . 
  led zeppelin 10 . 
  nirvana still a mostly similar list to yours , with 60-40 split of us-uk artists . 
  all hail anglo music supremacy !, 
  ( at least this would be a good representation of my historical top-10 , goat ), 
  american who 's lived in four euroean countries - italy , germany , spain and the netherlands . 
  honestly my experiences have been overwhelmingly positive , sure there have been assholes in each of these places , but in my experience even mena immigrants have rarely changed their tune with me upon finding out i 'm from the us . 
  i 've always found being humble , aware of the us 's problems and making a concerted effort to learn and communicate in local languages go a long way in eschewing bullshit stereotypes !, 
  if you have 4.5 k euro to invest look into daft in the netherlands . 
  well americans add a lot of silly shit to more traditional italian dishes and tend to call it the same thing . 
  having extensively tried both , most of the time saying it 's a severe disappointment in the states 9 out of 10 times would be an understatement . 
  source : american that 's lived in and still spends a lot of time in italy . 
  edit : examples would be peas to certain lasagne and other generic pastas , whereas in true italian fashion pea would be the key ingredient in a pasta featured rather than just alongside a slew of other veggies . 
  also things such as one pot pasta tend to make the italians cringe as they go against more traditional means of pasta prep . 
  for the netherlands : definitely exotic natural scenery . 
  love the place , but i mean fuck it 's mostly reclaimed land from the sea , does n't get much further from * natural * than that ... 
  netherlands : highly tolerated quasi-legal cannabis . 
  us : fully legal , regulated cannabis * ( * = in select states ) . 
  why for the love of god does anyone need that much orange ? 
  i 'm curious to hear you elaborate more on all this ... 
  you live in bavaria ? 
  indeed , i just live in nl though i 'm from the us , and absolutely english pronunciation has no rhyme or reason just look at common vowel combos in words like - through , though , tough , plough , cough ( none rhyme ) or blood and wood . 
  thats 's because it is , it 's an arbitrary socially-constructed term that 's not used in any official or legally binding capacity . 
  correct , i fall in some weird limbo . 
  i 'm from the us , did my master 's at the uva , did a wage job , had a brief stint at a large multinational ( true `` expat '' job ) did n't work out , now i havre a partnership visa and do temporary wage work interim while i search for another real `` expat '' job .
