they prefer sweden because it is the only country that said it will process the papers of all syrian refugees . 
  why did you leave that out ? 
  that undercurrent in your comment ... 
  behold , the reasoning of a racist child . 
  do you know why they rejected the aid ? 
  the irony . 
  logic based on facts huh ? 
  where 's the facts for this clip ? 
  where 's the evidence that this food was rejected because it was halal ? 
  can you give me any evidence at all or are you just believing what a random redditor has told you ? 
  yea i have a really good education , i was taught to question everything and clips like these can be used very easily to fit a narrative . 
  grow up . 
  i did n't deny it was food . 
  the main question here is why has it been assumed food was rejected because it was n't halal ? 
  is there a single shred of evidence for that ? 
  exactly nobody knows why this was rejected . 
  this is just a massive assumption . 
  i did n't say it was n't medicine , hence my point you utter goon . 
  it could have easily been medicine or something of the sort and they rejected it because they wanted food . 
  fact of the matter is its not obvious what was rejected and why it was rejected . 
  use your head . 
  and it 's ok , you spell out idiot mate ... 
  how do you know they rejected food aid because it was n't halal ? 
  how do you know that there 's even food in those boxes ? 
  how could they reject food aid that they had n't even seen in the first place ? 
  not a single box was handed to anyone . 
  usual / r/europe racist shit stirring . 
  i only speak english , some irish and a little french yet i was able to understand your paragraph !, 
  i find that fascinating !, 
  it 's best not to try and apply logic . 
  just claim ignorance and do n't mention any of it to any locals lol, 
  [ this ] ( http://cdn3.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article31360486.ece/df648/alternates/w620/flag2.jpg ) mental shit happened recently too . 
  do n't mention the flegs whatever you do . 
  no probs , enjoy your stay . 
  take a look over on / r/irishtourism, 
  sea !, 
  i 'd love to see ireland 's opinion on these countries . 
  pretty sure nobody would be in negatives . 
  average people do n't understand the situation that 's why . 
  a ` grexit ' will result in a much bigger write off . 
  if you want greece to pay their debts you need them in the eurozone . 
  if a ` grexit ' happens the eurozone would be up shit creek to the tune of 1 trillion euro . 
  hahaha . 
  the ` good riddance ' makes it ten times more hilarious . 
  what a fucking retard op . 
  great post , thanks !, 
   cholesterol beans help to lower your cholesterol ... . . 
  haha i see your point !, 
   women in lisbon were surprisingly attractive you 're from spain !, 
  lol, 
  jaywalking is only illegal in a very very small amount of countries . 
  the rest of us get on fine without that law . 
  vehicles must always give right of way to pedestrians , the way it should be . 
   uk - enough rain to put out half of the stars in the andromeda galaxy and the ridiculous prices of everything . 
  outside london england is very cheap ... 
  ... where ? 
   they really eat beans and sausages for breakfast . 
  i knew this beforehand , but did n't quite believe it . 
  our hotel in london only offered british breakfast , so we went to a bakery after the first day and had a proper , continental breakfast there . 
  this is such a bizarre comment . 
  of course they eat beans and sausages for breakfast , along with bacon and eggs . 
  what the hell is wrong with that ? 
  you actually did n't take breakfast there again because they served beans ? 
  do you not realize many countries have baked beans as a staple of their diet ? 
   i 'm sorry , could you please elaborate ? 
  i dont see how this is happening . 
  what a fucking shit show, 
  horse is like a term of endearment , in seeing your reaction i thought you might not be irish . 
  that 's all . 
  sure look , we 're mates now . 
  i did n't expect you to call me anything :(, 
  jaysus a nordie that 's never been called horse before ? 
  and here , you 're as irish as me, 
  well you 're not irish anyway, 
  talking rubbish there horse . 
  as far as i know i read your comment correctly , you do n't want any refugees . 
  got it . 
  my reading skills are piss poor ? 
  i responded to a completely different point , fuck off and mind your own business , nobody said anyone should be able to waltz in anywhere . 
  hold on , i was n't even talking to you , i was responding to the other guy above you . 
  he asked why is there so many hispanic people in the us . 
  the answer is because it 's surrounded by hispanic countries . 
  the question was n't why anyone should be allowed into their country . 
  i hate that about reddit , you completely hijacked the conversation and replied as though you were the op i was responding to . 
  piss off . 
  bring them to europe ? 
  you have n't been in europe much have you ? 
  there were already plenty of arab speaking people here before this all happened . 
  you know what is a good reason for allowing them into europe ? 
  the fact that this is the biggest refugee crisis since wwii and 90 % of these people are fleeing war . 
  fuck you and your lack of humanity . 
  so then it 's called a breach of human rights . 
  your country sounds like it has a distinct lack of humanity and compassion . 
  probably why barely anyone wants to actually settle there . 
  lol !!, 
  this thread is amazing . 
  because you 're surrounded by hispanic countries genius . 
  this is fucking hilarious mate haha !!, 
  i can always count on / r/europe for a chuckle . 
  thanks guys !,
