this is very very true . 
  the western eu doesnt give a fuck about eastern eu , this looks exactly like the period before wwii . 
  this is utterly sickening . 
  14 corpses from one grave , 52 more spread out going by the eyewitness who served on the terrorists burial crew . 
  oh how about the tweet from the `` rebels '' before they realized they just killed 300 civilians admitting to shooting down a plane ? 
  the clumsy coverup by trying the cut out the pieces of the hull that had sharpnel damage ? 
  the eyewitnesses and pictures of buk-1 in `` rebel '' controlled territory and being carted off across the border with missing rockets ? 
  i was watching all the news straight when it was happening . 
  and i was watching the wave of disinformation bs gru and russian media was pulling at the same time . 
  it was straight textbook bs , when there is a smoking gun next to a corpse and it has russia written on it only a brainwashed soviet idiot will rather believe the conspiracy theories the state controlled media keeps feeding him . 
  this same kind of coverup and mudding of tracks happened during cccp - an older friend of mine used to sail wood to uk from the soviet union , he told me how the whole northern coastal area was absolutely wrecked by the radiation from cccp nuclear tests - mutated children , dead wildlife . 
  they werent even allower to buy anything to eat from local ports . 
  but absolutely noone in public knew about it . 
  i come from a soviet background like you and i recognize the horseshit ex-kgb putin and his oligarchs are pulling on your people . 
  the elections in russia are as `` democratic '' as they were in soviet times . 
  theres shitload of evidence besides everything rt and the `` cleansed '' press in russia writes about . 
  for christ sake , i still remember all the journalist murders in russia . 
  that looks like beach weather !, 
  its worse then norway and sweden . 
  land of depression and suicide . 
   * edit : btw ukranian oligarch stole atleast 1,6 billions from the imf credit this year . 
  there is no source to this bs . 
  solar installations in eastern-northern eu are pretty shitty . 
  has to do with cloud coverage . 
  b-but i thought potato is a lie ?? 
  `` wheres the proofs ?? '', 
  you will not get any pity from me . 
  greek pesioneers have 2-3x the pensions as our pensioneers and the cost of living is only approx 25 % higher . 
  those are my fucking tax dollars you are burning . 
  schengen/eurozone is open , go and work in germany as a cleaning lady or w/e . 
  like eastern europeans are doing . 
  instead of rioting on streets and victimizing themselves while enjoying all that money eu has been giving you . 
   people were n't starving in 2010 . 
  now they are . 
  so , yes austerity made it worse for common people . 
  complete and utter bullshit . 
  come over to the baltics , there are plenty of low-paid shit jobs that keep a roof above your head . 
  oh wait , greek `` crisis '' is better then eastern eu everyday life . 
  entitled pricks . 
  they will flee back to syria . 
  nice warm weather and sandy beaches everywhere . 
  oh you mean how russkies and krauts held a victory parade over remnants of poland ? 
  you fucking started it : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german%e2%80%93soviet_military_parade_in_brest-litovsk, 
  just look at his posting history . 
  downvote and move on . 
  putin is banning eu imports so that the local producers can peddle you shit and get away with it because you have no other choice . 
  if you can translate your own sentence maybe you can translate the freaking tweet aswell ? 
  poor as shit eastern europeans gave you money to bail you out . 
  stop whining and pay up . 
  not really . 
  anti-semitism , faschism , racism and imperialism have been part of the main russian psyche for as long as i remember . 
  just now the regular retards who usually express their views only in russian ( and dont get mass media coverage ) are exposed to the mass media . 
  full of reptilian nazijew homosex where russians are crucified on every street corner . 
  if he were to go too fast for the sharp turn the bus would just go straight out of the curve . 
  they werent . 
  they broke down all the time but were easy to fix . 
  if i could just find chumak ketchup in local stores . 
  ukrainian goods have always been of very good quality but for some reason you can hardly find them in stores . 
  you are comparing accidents to premediated mass murders . 
  how does it make sense in your head ? 
  the response times in eastern eu are pretty horrible , i dont have first hand experience in western eu countries . 
  they dont care about the leglity of owning the gun and you can get an illegal gun from balkans for peanuts . 
  while the law abiding citizen has to jump trough hoops to even get a handgun . 
  how difficult is it to understand ? 
  in the current state only criminals have guns . 
  what the hell ? 
  this is exactly why we need the 2nd amendment from usa - right now criminals have guns and law abiding citizens can have a pocket knife at most . 
  muricans want to steal smart people again !, 
  i just signed up for green card lottery . 
  kimi is a very emotional man . 
  i am paying double that as taxes per month in the baltics . 
  are the nukes and a fish eyed czar really that worth it ? 
   the general attitutde with a lot of the people here is that the few bad apples are to be tolerated in order to shelter the people deserving of protection . 
  why do you have to tolerate them ? 
  ship them back to their middle-eastern shithole . 
  murica !, 
  we call that `` enhanced friendly banter among friends '' . 
  they can always take up our favorite pasttimes in the winter - alcoholism and suicide . 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/700a9450-1b26-11e5-8201-cbdb03d71480.html#axzz3ub24xf00 just the keywords in google will bring up plenty of results from bbc etc if you deem this `` non-legit '' . 
   because one of those things sounds unlikely and the other sounds flat-out crazy . 
  one of those is already happening . 
  putin `` renting '' off massive areas to china for decades while everyone keeps hush-hush about it . 
  russian government is not only pillaging siberia for resources with no benefit to the locals ( on the contrary rarther ) but also selling off the areas they dont have oil wells in . 
  so if we could harness the `` lost '' gravity and turn it around we could have propulsion and anti-gravity both ? 
  and you think this is ok ? 
  ill stick to my homonazi antisemitic jewrope led by reptilian us overlords , tyvm . 
  what kind of low skilled labor . 
  pimps , drug trafficers and bouncers at a nightclub ? 
  how many `` men with a van '' do you need ? 
  do you know how much education is needed even from a `` simple '' plumber ? 
  i work in project management in construction , there are no real idiot-friendly openings . 
  weve had a lot of ukrainian welders work in our ship building shops for years now . 
  cant be that bad in our embassy i guess . 
  or you go outside and embrace the fury . 
  for a little bit . 
   well , eastern ukraine was part of the soviet union then and does n't hate their guts . 
  western ukraine was n't and does . 
  also estonia was n't and does . 
  eastern ukraine was cleansed by famine and ethnic russians imported . 
  same collectivisation rape was done in latvia , lithuania and estonia - farmers deported to work camps to be worked to death and russians imported to man the military factories .
