  when you have an iq of 15 and listen to a serious debate, 
  * every white person is a racist nowadays , huh ? 
  yeah man , we can call it ... fuck , maybe we could call it contribution money ? 
  like , everyone contributes for the good of others . 
  what if they do n't want to pay ? 
  fuck that , we 'll take it !, 
  they need to realize that this is something that they have to pay for , like , the good of the people !, 
  i 'm sad that all they could think of for 3 was that we live in the third dimension . 
  surprised this is n't in r/funnyandsad, 
  this belongs in r/unexpected, 
  ftfy c * nt, 
  ftfy, 
  well , i mean , yeah . 
  of course . 
  send this to the front page, 
  this is something that * they * have to decide to do . 
  if they wo n't let you talk , then do n't let * them * talk . 
  just stop even having that conversation with them because it literally has no point if they do n't listen . 
  not sure this is real . 
  fuck it , no way this is real . 
  here you go op, 
  sounds like r/pettyrevenge material . 
  no doubt about it , i want `` stayin ' alive '' by the bee gees played at my funeral . 
  great choice , that 's what i picked until i thought of stayin ' alive by the bee gees . 
  something something broken arms . 
   if only it were as easy to banish hunger by rubbing the belly as it is to masturbate . 
  diogenes was a smart fucking guy . 
  there 's ... 
  there 's a lot parents can put up with . 
  this list is n't one of them . 
  why has n't she been disowned ? 
  that 's not ... 
  explain . 
  explain this system . 
  `` did you catch that ? '', 
  `` yeah , i did . '', 
  `` what ? '', 
  this was painful and unsatisfying . 
  that 's ... that 's pretty edgy . 
  translation :, 
  i 'm settling . 
  yeah , fuck white people , right ? 
  realist is driving . 
  i need to address this . 
  red : what proof ? 
  does this proof apply to all relationships ? 
  if so , how ? 
  orange : how are you contributing ? 
  pink : it 's not just `` a piece of paper '' . 
  currency is basically a physical translation for value . 
  blue : you 're stupid . 
  yellow : you 're far stupider than blue . 
  he still did n't explain * why * . 
  for example , broken arms . 
  why do n't they just announce a contest to the public where they ask people to design the next iphone ? 
  winner gets a very small cut of the profits . 
  sonder is pretty fucking good , huh ? 
  nah , what if someone was born blind ? 
  depthman !, 
  literally the * edgiest person ever * . 
  something something broken arms . 
  holy fuck, 
  harambe , thank god . 
  it was great while it lasted , but everything must die . 
  like , comically gay ? 
  like , something you 'd see on a 90 's tv show ? 
  let 's be completely honest , he would be impeached . 
  at least it was n't the other way round . 
  not with that attitude . 
  it 's okay , just read more fun facts . 
  condoms . 
  i think that 's the republican plan now . 
  get trump in the white house , get him out , then get pence in . 
  you 're welcome , op, 
  when i was a kid i saw cartoon characters with a pipe like that and i thought `` neato '' , thinking that when i grow up i was going to get one of them but not use it , because smoking anything is terrible for you . 
  still have n't gotten one . 
  still fucking cool . 
  edit : a word, 
  for everyone who did n't get it , they look like balls . 
  plot twist : gandhi was actually guy fawkes . 
  what about paedophiles ? 
  rapists ? 
  terrorists ? 
  i support vaccination but yeah , * why * ? 
  but beer makes you feel good !, 
  i was serious , so thanks . 
  you learn something new every day . 
  i mean , they probably would n't upload it if they had gotten it wrong . 
  put 'em in jail , op . 
  thought it was some sjw bs until i realized it was a bull . 
  i want chris hadfield to post an asparagus trickshot eating video . 
  well , a longer one . 
  oh hey , i know this website . 
  all out , you want some dank memes instead ? 
  yeah , but who knew it felt so good ? 
  they 're basically the elderly . 
   slippery wet water doggo, 
  term of the day, 
  i was not disappointed . 
  meme of the month october,
