what 's the difference between utilitarianism and hedonism ? 
  they both seem like they 're about making people happy and i 'm genuinely confused . 
  my self-worth . 
  * joke *, 
  `` what accent do you have ? 
  english ? 
  russian ? 
  german ? '', 
  i 've actually been asked this . 
  how does someone jump from english to russian to german ? 
  i love minimalism and i love that the chess board is n't even . 
  ( bet you did n't notice ), 
  is this a statement or a realization , because if it 's the former then it should probably be in mildly interesting . 
  holy shit , you 're a genie !, 
  i prefer djinn . 
  o-okay . 
  holy shit . 
  ge -- djinns are real . 
  sorry , i 'm just trying to process this . 
  it 's okay . 
  you 've got three wishes , no tricks . 
  o-okay , i wish for perfect judgment . 
  * poof *, 
  ( i.o 's eyes glaze over , then return to normal . ), 
  i -- whoa . 
  yeah , that was a wise wish . 
  minimum repercussions for wishes when you can assess them perfectly . 
  yeah , thanks . . hey , can i wish for anything that would allow me to make more wishes ? 
  nope . 
  no tricks . 
  that 's a two-way street . 
  ( another , far shorter pause ), 
  ( a cheerful realization ), 
  i wish for everything to go how i want it to go . 
  hold on . 
  before i grant this wish , do you realize that this will not apply to any rules mentioned previously , specifically about tricks ? 
  yeah , yeah i do . 
  * poof *, 
  ( a wide grin appears on i.o 's face ), 
  okay , last wish . 
  you literally have the power to bend reality to your whims , so my final wish is for you to only be able to grant further wishes when i approve of the wish ; i do n't want someone like hitler to have almost unlimited power . 
  due to my previous wish , i get everything to go my way excluding the creation of more wishes , so i tie the following in with this wish and you ca n't say no because this is n't the creation of a new wish . 
  ahem . 
  i wish for myself to be able to consult upon wishes even after my death and to afterwards return to whatever peaceful slumber awaits me . 
  ( `` your wish is my command , '' the djinn says through gritted teeth ), 
  * poof *, 
  i learnt f = ma in 8th grade . 
  unless they had tried to calculate for weight in a larger stick slowing it down , that must 've been a serious brainfart . 
  c'mon , let 's go deface some monuments !, 
  i 'm sure we 'll get banned from lots of places !, 
  * joke *, 
  it 's not the best insult i 've * ever * heard , but for a while it was . 
  i eventually got into that part of my life where i just swore nonstop and the most common insult i heard around me was ` asshole ' . 
  that all changed when i started saying ` butthole ' . 
  it 's exactly the same thing , but somehow it 's just funnier . 
  you could call someone an asshole and they 'd just call you an asshole back , but call someone a butthole and everyone smirked . 
  thanks , i think i get the idea now . 
  utilitarianism is about maximizing happiness for all people , while hedonism is about maximizing personal happiness . 
  great . 
  thanks . 
  thanks . 
  really , thank you . 
  genuinely . 
  i feel like some people are really genuine about their feelings and it sort of just became a thing that everyone just had to do otherwise you were an asshole but no one really meant it , like puritanical christianity , so i just wanted to let you know that i really do feel grateful . 
  thanks again . 
  hitler looks like a hipster , stalin like an overly comical villain , and the last looks a bit like nosferatu . 
  i love this little comic and i really like the flag , despite it representing something so rubbish . 
  also , as the first person to comment on this post , i have now earned top comment by default !, 
  `` get jiggy with it . '', 
  `` please tread on this snake specifically '', 
  it 's fascinating how different people 's views can be on opposite sides of a war . 
  it must 've been a real eye opener to her to see a glimpse of what the government has been posting everywhere in russia . 
  was it good ? 
  did its size make it more satisfying ? 
  i 'm just imagining you putting it in your mouth and letting it drop down your throat , never letting it touch your teeth . . god , that gets me so horngry ( hungry , horny ) . 
  gym leader ivan challenges you to a battle !, 
  `` i 'll show you why they call me terrible ! '', 
  resourcefulness , determination , and intelligence . 
  i 'm not sure any of these can succeed on their own but i once met a guy in school who exhibited all of these characteristics . 
  everyone said that one day he would probably become a world leader , but i doubt very many people were joking . 
  i probably would look at it for hours if it was possible , but whenever i open a large , 2 liter bottle of soda and i pour it into a cup hundreds of tiny , tiny bubbles rise to the top . 
  it 's extremely satisfying . 
  * what tastes like dread and homelessness *, 
  sweat , probably . 
  also the comedy . 
  `` you do n't have to do it because it 's ` important ' , you have to do it because it 's a thing that needs doing . '', 
  it would be good to know , but there would still be hundreds of millions of people in denial . 
  `` i 'm not adopted ! '', 
  - another one bites the dust, 
  anything orwellian . 
  and i mean true orwellian , mind you . 
  [ great video from ted-ed explains it very ( or ) well . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oe64p-qzhne ), 
  ** edit : ** i posted this as my weakness because it just shuts me down . 
  no doubt about it , anything truly orwellian is evil , plain and simple . 
  terrifying , oppressive , evil . 
  smoothie shop : honest name , honest ingredients, 
  my first gold . 
  that 's not how you spell stalin ... 
  `` upon arrival of transportation , you will be asked for an access code to verify that you have reached the appropriate level truthfully and skillfully .
