  what kind of idiot would say that they are ? 
  unless the 1 % rape society in the ass . 
  to me feminism is too closely associated with radical feminism as you put it . 
  i support equality , but a few bad apples spoil the bunch , demanding superiority of women over men . 
  besides , the name kind of betrays itself . 
  so as long as you whole-heartedly believe you 're ( x ) , then you should be allowed to call yourself it ? 
  if i legitimately believe i am an super-intelligent animal i should be treated as such ? 
  well ... yeah . 
  no one could not notice the glaring similarities . 
  i do n't think the people who 've said that it was a remake were saying that literally . 
  calling someone out for `` fat-shaming '' is ... there are no words . 
  if you do n't find someone attractive and you do n't like that they 're destroying their bodies , you 're * not * a horrible human being despite popular opinion . 
  but i like hawaiian ... 
  well yeah , no shit , no one said that literally . 
  it just means that you should n't be a dick to people who are worse than you at something . 
  chivalry is medieval battle-etiquette . 
  i think you 're talking about benevolent sexism . 
   first they came for the socialists , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a socialist . 
  then they came for the trade unionists , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a trade unionist . 
  then they came for the jews , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a jew . 
  then they came for me -- and there was no one left to speak for me . 
  ca n't agree with the '' * every * '' part , but judaism , christianity , and islam do worship the same god . 
  they 're just fighting over what he said . 
  if everyone had that mentality no one would vote and that would make a huge fucking difference . 
  every drop matters , m8 . 
  this is a hilarious prompt . 
  this has got to be inspired from that ask reddit post of the same premise where someone said the same thing . 
  his position alone in the world of memes will get him mad puss . 
  how could we have been so blind ?? 
  who ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  that must 've hurt . 
  thought he 'd through it between his legs like a football player and there 's be an epic catch . 
  please , no one else will take it !, 
  if there 's one thing i know about teens , it 's that they romanticize , whether boy or girl . 
  please do n't click , it 's an article on why the meme is `` sexist '' . 
  clearly in favor of hillary clinton . 
  i hope these people go to jail . 
  bastards are terrorizing people and children . 
  but shariah would keep a lot of people away still . 
  fans who care about authenticity . 
  how did she become the nominee if so many people agree she 's so bad ? 
  nobody is . 
  that 's not how it fucking works . 
  fun looking hat . 
  i hope you lose your wallet , fucker . 
  the encounter in the prompt sounds pretty fucking cheesy . 
  i understand that . 
  what i 'm concerned about is the limits of what you are allowed to say you are . 
  you can be transgender , but can you go beyond that ? 
  sorry if my last comment offended people , but i 'm being serious . 
  should there be a limit ? 
  if so , where ? 
  why ? 
  battlefield earth is kinda bad . 
  til op is a time-traveler in the middle of a mid-life crisis . 
  i 've never laughed so hard !, 
  well , yes , she is . 
  u/mew16 is actually a cookie ? 
  o : o : o :, 
  cunning and * ambitious * , not necessarily sneaky . 
  what you got against smart and ambitious people , dumbledor ? 
  `` and maybe ... maybe at my place ? '', 
  bernie , no doubt . 
  great logic , if you 're not allowed to express yourself , you no longer have those feelings !, 
  turning teens away from sex and towards bodily harm . 
  you mean the movie ? 
  cocky , cocky . 
  remember that it 's basically weightless except for the handle . 
  wave it around for 15 minutes and you 'll be an amputee , like everyone else . 
  nah , some people were arrested . 
  not even terrorists or child rapists ? 
  get creative and do n't comment with the 60s . 
  sequel : back in black, 
  well , chubby . 
  still , good point . 
  nobody wants to fuck obesity , but chubb can be good . 
  it 's difficult to say what kahoot is , so i 'll set a scene . 
  let 's say your in middle school , circa now . 
  you 've got a cool , hip teacher and they want to find a new way for you to retain information from class . 
  to do this , they go to a site called kahoot . 
  they set up questions and answers on the site and once everything is set up , they write down a link to that specific set of questions on the whiteboard . 
  all the kids get to class , teacher tells them to pull out their phones and follow the link . 
  once everyone does that , they pick nicknames . 
  the teacher projects the website onto a screen . 
  the screen shows the question and below it four possible answers each on a rectangle with a unique colour and shape on it . 
  now the students tap whichever answer they think is correct on their phones . 
  after a timer runs out , no one can submit an answer and however many people chose which answers is projected on the screen . 
  rinse and repeat until the teacher has run out of questions . 
  by appealing to the kids ' want to win the game , they force the kids to memorize the subject . 
  so ur dad, 
  never see pepe with his friends , truly the rarest :(, 
  how the fuck is this a dank meme ? 
  go take your repost back to r/funny, 
  `` you 've been making our kids * fight * ? 
  did my kid win ? '', 
  hurting you will ** definitely ** make you love me !, 
  what if you 've got really small printing ? 
  like a buddhist monk that can write a poem on a grain of rice ? 
  `` lady , i do n't know what you 're going on about , but that 's a tumor , not a tree . '',
