  * nice shot !, 
  what the fuck does that mean ? 
  or maybe you hang out with those people * because * you 're similar . 
  because diamonds are fucking worthless . 
  there 's a giant fucking abundance of diamonds on earth but prices are still fucking high because it 's now a social obligation to get someone you love a diamond fucking ring . 
  it 's literally just crystallized fucking carbon . 
  edit : another reason for this is very careful restriction of supply . 
  there are already a huge number of diamonds on earth but prices are still very high because of careful restrictions . 
  there 's no downside . 
  tardigrades ( water bears ) are animals , not diseases . 
  * i mean , i 've heard heroine is pretty good . 
  needs more recursion . 
  make america butthead again !, 
  make butthead butthead again !, 
  butthead butthead butthead butthead !, 
  * looks at username *, 
  `` haha , hey , bastard ! '', 
  i assume so were baseball caps , because you could wear them backwards . 
  the story starts making a whole lot more sense when you realize it took place in the middle east . 
  - a 9 y/o girl, 
  cool have fun with literally no moondust available to you, 
  i guess i just do n't have existential crisises . 
  i 've come to terms with death and nothingness long ago . 
  only thing i 'm afraid of now is not achieving all my goals . 
  besides , you already experienced oblivion before you were born . 
  well , you did n't * experience * it , you could n't , but you know what i mean . 
  enjoyed every minute of it . 
  * fuck you *, 
  it 's autistic, 
  this was names , not concepts . 
  `` i did n't fuck your mom '', 
  `` yo it 's me i fucked ur mom '', 
  last time i saw this , it was posted on r/im14andthisisdeep, 
  first i went to the google play store for some bullshit game . 
  then slutroullette . 
  then what you described . 
  holy cow !, 
  knowledge is n't intelligence . 
  `` i 'm turning my asshole behavior into a game of ` who 's not adequate ' ! '', 
  bet the fucker just watched kurzgesagt recently and wants to lord over everyone with their newly-found knowledge . 
  the fact that he 's been doing this for 6 years is what gets me . 
  only two points to go !, 
  ripped * straight * from r/dankmemes . 
  holy shit . 
  ** false prophet **, 
  you always comment this . 
  comics are better, 
  the oldest meme, 
  `` but thanks '', 
  yup . 
  nuclear power is way better than most people think with today 's advances . 
  what the fuck ? 
  do the ends justify the means ? 
  bully the other relentlessly , buy a gun , and kill them . 
  you could say that ever since you 've met them , you 've made the entire rest of their lives hell . 
  be fucking original . 
  as soon as i read that your grandfather smoked i knew it would end in `` you gave me cancer '' . 
  islam is bullshit but i think that 's better ( although still stupid ) logic . 
  if god made specific animals for you to eat , then are you not defying god in some sense ? 
  whatever . 
  you do you , op . 
  only similar incident that ever happened to me was in 8th grade when i missed the bus and some woman in her late 40s asked if i wanted her to drive me to school in her red minivan . 
  said no , went back home . 
  i knew i should n't get into a stranger 's car but somehow i came to the point where i thought that it might be a paedophile . 
  needs more recursion, 
  your face is redundant !, 
  how the fuck can you smile slowly ? 
  needs more recursion, 
  but are you a wizard yet, 
  richer people have much higher chances if winning any court case simply because they can afford a better lawyer . 
  if i were rich you can bet i 'd due that laser for everything they 're worth . 
  who said geometry was n't useful, 
  yeah but this is different . 
  this copypasta is a joke , unlike the navy seal copypasta . 
  and like every other joke , it has a punchline . 
  a punchline you can see a mile away if you 've heard it twice . 
  the navy seal copypasta is timeless , but after you hear the same joke over and over it stops being funny . 
  i love the ( we 'll never know ) part . 
  like , it 's complete bullshit . 
  it makes literally no sense . 
  * but that just makes the theory more valid *, 
  our evolved `` us vs. 
  them '' mentality . 
  this is the mentality that causes hatred against other genders , races , sexes , etc. 
  it 's also the reason there wo n't ever be equality , because both groups will always want dominance over the other . 
  i was thinking the middle east . 
  both sides are powered by giant fucking idiots and corporate cash . 
  it 's luke skywalker losing his hand . 
  edit : like skywalker, 
  why do we laugh ? 
  what is comedy ? 
  i 'm imagining a fake chart where it `` shows '' that the middle east could fit in texas . 
  sometimes there are literally no words to express your thoughts . 
  the words might never actually be completely accurate . 
  i feel as if this 'll be just as effective as google translate , probably worse . 
  that 's ... quite a name for a sub . 
  what the fuck ? 
  satan * is * evil , what the fuck would he care ? 
  oh my god , `` soul tribe '', 
  because it 's a fucking fetus .
