  giving wealthier ducks higher bread taxes . 
  might 've looked nicer with hillary 's head over hitler 's head . 
  no , actually . 
  while religion and a cult are similar , the ultimate difference is the number of followers . 
  if you have a following of only 200 , it 's a cult . 
  over 500,000 might be considered a religion . 
  i 've seen a gif with the exact same scenario playing out before . 
  why does the bird on the right side of the sign have teeth ? 
  r/nevertellmetheodds of the bird in this egg being a mutant . 
  hmm . 
  interesting . 
  but my point stands . 
  cult are small followings , a religion is a large one . 
  those cults believe in part of a religion , but without a large following they are a cult . 
  would ya believe it , jim ? 
  poor guy shot himself 5 times in the back , threw himself down the stairs , and then snorted a pound of coke . 
  now why would you waste perfectly good pizza ? 
  imagine the sky is a prism . 
  prisms break up white light into the visible spectrum , and so in the the middle of the day you are at a point of the earth where the blue light goes . 
  however , the earth moves and rotates , so that at the end of the day , before you are cut off from the light almost completely , the sky is red and junk . 
  see ? 
  a comprehensible answer without need of a degree . 
  so the thing that was supposed to warn against the mainstream was so good that it * became * the mainstream ? 
  i summon immunity cat !, 
  she 's going to sacrifice him to resurrect harambe !, 
  looking edgy but not being edgy is going to earn you a wedgy . 
  well i 've only been on reddit for about a month now . 
  also , writing this at 1,000 !!, 
  yeah , i suppose that 's good logic . 
  does n't really matter to me , though . 
  i 've only been on reddit for about a month and a comment i expected to get max 2 upvotes got fifteen hundred . 
  i just want to let people know that i 'm grateful . 
  just wanted to let people know that i 'm grateful for the upvotes :(, 
  i love the concept of `` having more long '' . 
  bad joke . 
  which you are depends on whose side you are being judged , correct ? 
  the fast person who is not you thinks you 're the slow person who is not them and the slow person who is not you thinks you are the fast person who is not them . 
  jar jar would 've been great if lucas had n't pussied out . 
  holy shit , you 're right !, 
  an eccentric , friendly billionaire harnessing the power of the sun to blackmail the world into paying him one * trillion * dollars, 
  he acted like he was stoned 24/7 . 
  maybe looked that way , too . 
  upvoted . 
  i do n't want to seem rude but ` electrocuted ' is a mash of ` electric ' and ` executed ' . 
  unless you were killed by an electric shock , you were n't electrocuted . 
  great comment , again . 
  sorry if i 'm coming off as a dick . 
  the chances of you winning a court case increase with the more money you have to spare for a lawyer . 
  poor people are just fucked . 
  username may or may not be relevant . 
  i got it all first time except for the year . 
  i was in tax jail for 15 years because the government found my weed doing my taxes . 
  what hurt most was n't the cringe but the 4.4 k likes . 
  a spouse . 
  ** fight hard , pupperoni **, 
  like posting un-ironically on r/im14andthisisdeep . 
  semicolons separate two complete , related sentences . 
  `` is that sexual harassment ? '', 
  `` no , it 's hugh mungus . '', 
  `` hugh mungus what ? '', 
  `` hugh mungus slander lawsuit ! '', 
  incredible video , saved . 
  think of him as a watered-down idubbbz who is n't funny and bitches about feminist cringe compilations . 
  ironically , that 's what his channel induces . 
  real talk here , would people mind if they 're candidate was a lizard person ? 
  like sure , holy shit that 's a lizard person , but would many people really walk away to another candidate if their policies were the same ? 
  when i was maybe 4 or 5 , i was climbing a cherry tree , mainly because there were cherries to eat and i was a kid . 
  naturally , i fell hitting every branch on the way down . 
  got a large scar on my left cheek , but it has mainly faded . 
  permanent ? 
  shit , man . 
  that 's way too harsh . 
  what if the turn signals just did n't work but you did n't have enough money to repair them because you 're poor and you * need * the car to get to work to feed your kids , seeing as you 're a single parent of two ? 
  the `` 1 second '' part gets me . 
  no it 's john wilkes booth . 
  no internet either . 
  herpes is n't as bad as fear mongering idiots have fooled society into thinking , you know . 
  the posts i 've been reading recently seemed watered-down , but this shit is good . 
  what a fucking idiot . 
  what 's cringe worthy about this ? 
  not something particularly deep , but just remember that if you were drowning , a member of the opposite party probably would still save you . 
  democrat or republican , we 're human . 
  for a tremendous amount of people the symptoms * never * manifest and even if they do , tons of people never notice because the body is * covered * with bumps . 
  it only becomes scary when you realize that bumps around a specific section of your body are n't natural . 
  should 've checked the subreddit this was posted on before i clicked . 
  my people will rise up . 
  no , not north koreans , just people who are u/ironicallyupset . 
  i 'm okay with drinking orange juice , but i do n't particularly like it . 
  early this summer my family went camping in the woods but we did n't really like it . 
  the trip was saved when we found a bowling alley the next day , though . 
  ftfy, 
  first thing i instinctively think about when i think of australia is the actual landmass . 
  america . 
  well , i 've always wanted a puppy . 
  * begins journey to adopt dog , hammer in hand *, 
  george lucas , for not following through with darth jar jar binks . 
  not even going to risk that . 
  what do they do , * swallow * the razor ? 
  today , we 're going to pick our meme . 
  but ... what * is * a meme ?
