and we were correct all the time when we warned against russia , when france was making their deal with mistrals etc. 
  finland is seen as a paradise by people with no skills who want to move there and have a high salary ( but they forget about high cost of living ) . 
  also finland is n't so popular with entrepeneurs or people who know better :p it 's very fortunate for us that we do n't have big and powerful unions like you do . 
  companies should be allowed to make their own decisions and not have to listen to unions . 
  for example , there was a swedish home electronics store chain ( on/off or something . . ) that had to go bankrupt in sweden because a bit more than half the stores there were profitable but the others were making a loss but the union refused to let them close the unprofitable stores and keep running the good ones . 
  so all the stores were closed . 
  that 's a dumb thing to do and really hinders economic development . 
  i 've met some people at bars that work in it in companies that have moved to estonia `` because of low taxes and simple tax system '' , so it seems to pay off . 
  one was french and had an estonian wife , the other was a funny japanese guy . 
  someone else here in reddit also asked about moving to estonia , reasons were also `` simple tax system '' ( and close to findland/sweden ) . 
  the corporate tax rate has been the same for years . 
  over ten at least . 
  they will lower the personal tax by one % this year . 
  i think it 's silly and useless and populist to do so , but they want to fulfill their election promise . 
  countries that do n't have a fair court system should n't be allowed to use our courts to their benefit . 
  imagine if any european country ( or company ) tried to go to court against russia for it 's sanctions on food imports ? 
  they would tell the judge to stall it as long as possible and then end it quietly . 
  could you explain why you think your system is outdated and inefecctive ? 
  it would be interesting to know how children are taught in different countries too . 
  the problem here is that there would n't be enough people who would travel on the train . 
  getting to central europe with airplanes would probably be cheaper and faster than on the train . 
  those trains that go every 2h to the polish border would be mostly empty . 
  that 's what i 'm saying , i do n't see a point in having a high-speed railroad to nowhere . 
  it wo n't go to varssav or berlin . 
  i like the idea of the project but that 's it . 
  it 's going to cost a huge amount of money , it will start in tallinn but end at the polish border ( wtf are we supposed to do there ? ), 
  where the passengers will probably have to switch to a slower polish train , since poland is n't interested in building expensive infrastructure near it 's northern border where it would be more useful to it 's neighbours than them . 
  it 's going to cut the country in half , they will build tunnels under it , but it 's still going to cut villages and countys in half , with farmers having their farm on one side and their lands on the other side of the railroad and having to drive tens of kms to get to their lands . 
  and it 's going to disrupt animal migration in a massive way . 
  currently moose and deer and bears and wolves are free to go where they want . 
  their territories are going to be cut in pieces . 
  all the pubs are in the reeperbahn area , at it 's kind of scary at nights . 
  slate is ` kiltkivi ' , i do n't think that 's a popular building material here . 
  the houses are from limestone , covered in lime plaster and then coloured with a lime based colour . 
  i find these colourful houses much more interesting than buildings in central europe , where every house looks the same , because they were made of red bricks . 
  we 'd like to have normal relations with russia but they keep doing stuff that is n't normal . 
  for example - 1 ) every once in a while some government official complains to the un/eu/whatever about how the local russians are opressed 2 ) how estonia supports nazis 3 ) bans imports of meat or other agricultural products for random reasons 4 ) starts checking trucks and people at the border very slowly because `` random reason '' 5 ) mentions how it was a mistake that the soviet union collapsed 6 ) attacks its neighbours ( georgia for example ) ... and so on . 
  if they wanted to show some goodwill then they could return the stuff they took from our oldest university 's museum during wwi and moved to voronez . 
  or they could return the official regalia of the last president to rule before wwii ( whom they kidnapped and put in a mental institution ) , it 's held in the kremlin :(, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the military definetely does have a plan for all kinds of situations and scenarios . 
  random people like you and me do n't need to know about them , but i 'm sure they exist . 
  also nato does have a plan for everything that could happen , including russia invading us . 
  and what about artillery ? 
  what do you mean we have almost none ? 
  we have 155mm howitzers and there are talks about buying the self-propelled howitzer pzh 2000 do n't post something so melodramatic . 
  lots of uppercase letters !!!!, 
  russia has created this attitude itself , it has constantly threatened us in various ways and kept repeating how the dissolution of their empire was a mistake and hinted that they want to restore it . 
  had they just carried on and tried to have friendly relations then everyone of their neighbours would n't think of russia as an enemy . 
  notice some countries missing from the list ? 
  baltics , georgia etc really did n't want to be kept in the soviet union . 
  that was a reference to dr. strangelove . 
  what about ... communist infiltration , communist indoctrination , communist subversion and the international communist conspiracy to sap and impurify all of our precious bodily fluids . 
  sounds as reasonable as the theories of those `` theorists '' :p, 
  i think that it was like that , yes . 
  if their parents had estonian citizenship before the occupation then they should have got it as well . 
  in 1934 there were 3,7 % of russians , compared to 30 % in 1989 . 
  so the 26,3 % change was from imported russians who were sent to work in factories . 
  most of the russians living here before the occupation were http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_believers who lived near the eastern border - they had moved there to keep practicing their religion the old way when russia reformed it 's church . 
  estonia was part of russia since 1710 , but we were still ruled by the local german nobility . 
  so the `` 300 years '' is an exxageration , more like 208 years , 1710-1918 . 
  that `` minority '' was transported to these countries during the years 1945-1990 as a way to destroy the culture and language of the native population that used to exist before being occupied by the soviet union . 
  the russians that were moved this way ca n't be called `` native '' . 
  the native peoples of these countries are latvians , estonians , lithuanians , poles , ukrainians etc. 
  what 's with the text-as-images and low quality ? 
  countris protested against the deal before it was made and france chose to ignore them . 
  now they are surprised that the dangers other countries pointed out have realised . 
  yes , especially when considering that what is modern western russia was the area from where finns and estonians moved to their current areas , about 10000 years ago . 
  russia is occupying anciend finno-ugric land , we must have it back :p and there 's lots of smaller finno-ugric peoples living in northern russia , near the finnish border and in the east as well . 
  losing their culture a little every year because their people are gradually being assimilated into russia :( for example - russian police have torn out pages from their folk musicians/writers or politically active representatives , so they ca n't travel to estonia/finland/hungary :(, 
  do n't worry , most people do n't consider kazakhstan to be european . 
  i do n't get how they have this idea , geographically yes , but ... noo . . 
  how does that work if you are already in debt before the recession starts ? 
  like greece was , greece possibly could n't have spent itself out of the hole it 's in . 
  i 'm not poor . 
  i work as a programmer and am quite happy with life . 
  now , how would you spend money to get out of the current economic situation your country is in ? 
  you dodged that question earlier . 
  or is it just easy to call slogans like `` stop austerity and start stimulating '' ? 
  how would you spend money to stimulate the economy ? 
  that can only work if new money is spent on investments , not benefits . 
  finland gives lots of benefits to too many people ( also those who move from estonia to finland because `` child benefits '' ) . 
  life is too comfortable for the average finn , otherwise you would n't need workers from estonia etc. 
  the problem seems to be that lent money is spent on benefits and pensions , not investments that woul spur further growth . 
  also , as a country it 's difficult to invest in something that would benefit the country ( it 's budget ) directyly in the near term . 
  how do you think can they keep spending more than they get in taxes ? 
  did spain find a money tree ? 
  anyone , including countries , should spend what they earn . 
  they can temporarily take a loan but this mess they are in is caused by taking too many loans . 
  currently nobody travels from helsinki to tallinn via russia . 
  it would be a really long way , take lots of time , be uncomfortable because russian border guards , queues at the border ( can take hours , sometimes even 3-4-5 days for trailer trucks when russia gets angry at us again and decides that they suddenly have to check everything very-very-very thoroughly and the border guards need 20 breaks a day for smoking and going to the toilet ) . 
  plus you need a visa , which costs money and takes a long time to get . 
  endless strikes and resistance to any change is the way to to when trying to boost the economy . 
  what are the tasty latvian beers ? 
  have n't seen anything besides valmiermuiza in estonia, 
  the erasmus programme seems to be more about drinking and having parties because that 's the only thing these exchange students talk or post stuff about on fb . . and irl also . 
  and the lecturers i know also say that exchange students just do n't learn anything in classes . 
  it 's like a 6-month or one year vacation in another country with lots of parties . 
  there are some who really do study too , but these seem to be far fewer than the party-students . 
  or the party-students are just more vocal about what they do .
