  i thought every other country who got independence from ussr did the same . 
  also - it 's easier to implement new technoligies country-wide if your country is smaller . 
  less bureaucracy . 
  and i think that when someone had good ideas then they just let them do it , instead of hampering them . 
  in cz you also have a national id code for everyone , that 's what lets us have digital signatures , e-voting and bind all the state registries into one network . 
  so there are no technical reasons for not doing the same things we do ( the uk , for example , ca n't have these , because they canned their national id ), 
  thank the eu for that . 
  the polish-lithuanian border was a nightmare . 
  once a border guard asked my father for vodka , they did n't like that his car did n't have the country name as a sticker , when the country name was on the new eu license plates . 
  he gave them 5 euro instea , so he could continue driving . 
  also lots of other stories about corruption by the border guards . 
  no , it 's complex but it 's anonymous . 
  the system knows that someone has voted , but not the contents of the vote . 
  the id card is used to digitally sign the vote . 
  edit : here you can read how the system works and how it 's made anonymous - http://www.vvk.ee/voting-methods-in-estonia/engindex/, 
  a real scientist would publish his results as an article in a journal . 
  do you see researchers often registering a domain for presenting the results of one research project ? 
  if they really want to help make things better , then they should offer other advice besides `` stop electronic voting and go back to paper '' . 
  also , their choice of timing is interesting . 
  about coercion - this is why it is allowed to vote multiple times on the internet , the previous ones will be thrown away . 
  it 's also possible to vote again on the official voting day . 
  that vote will be the final one , not the ones given digitally . 
  buying votes for a bottle of vodka is possible also with paper voting . 
  our internet voting should n't be confused with `` e-voting '' or any kind of voting machines that have been used in the us . 
  these are n't real experts , they were invited and paid for by a party that opposes internet voting , because most of their supporters are elderly who do n't use internet . 
  also , doing internet voting like we have is n't possible in other countries . 
  what enables us to do it is our national id card and registry of residents . 
  everyone has that card and it 's a part of our public key infrastructure system . 
  our internet voting system is safe and no-one has been able to prove otherwise . 
  a response in english to an article in guardian , http://www.vvk.ee/valimiste-korraldamine/vvk-uudised/vabariigi-valimiskomisjoni-vastulause-the-guardianis-ilmunud-artiklile/ the id card allows us to digitally sign documents , which are legally binding . 
  much easier to do business . . etc. . or do internet banking , for which it 's used the most . 
  our internet voting should n't be confused with `` e-voting '' or any kind of voting machines that have been used in the us . 
  these are n't real experts , they were invited and paid for by a party that opposes internet voting , because most of their supporters are elderly who do n't use internet . 
  also , doing internet voting like we have is n't possible in other countries . 
  what enables us to do it is our national id card and registry of residents . 
  everyone has that card and it 's a part of our public key infrastructure system . 
  our internet voting system is safe and no-one has been able to prove otherwise . 
  a response in english to an article in guardian , http://www.vvk.ee/valimiste-korraldamine/vvk-uudised/vabariigi-valimiskomisjoni-vastulause-the-guardianis-ilmunud-artiklile/, 
  i hope he does go to prison or get at least somehow punished for what he did . 
  yes , they did that on purpose . 
  in the 80 's they had a plan to force estonians to speak 2 languages and to diminish the usage and role of estonian used by estonians . 
  russian was being taught in the kindergarten , see this - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russification#late_1950s_to_1980s:_advanced_russianization that 's what russia is all about , assimilating all the occupied territories and turning all the former native people into russians . 
  also they moved hundreds of thousands of russians to estonia . 
  that 's one of the reasons why we are against quotas and all that stuff being forced on us . 
  some of the parents are still thinking that their kids do n't need to learn estonian so they ignore the language for as long as possible . 
  now they are protesting against teaching 60 % of subjects in the gymnasium ( grades 10-12 ) in estonian `` because oppression !!, 
  it depends on the time of year . 
  the sun set today at 19:10 in tallinn ( which is as far north as stockholm ) , in 7 days from now it will set at 18:56 , on 23 . december it rises at 9:18 and sets at 15:22 . . but it 's usually dark the whole day in the first half of winter because there are so many clouds . 
  even today it was fairly dark outside . 
  so the sun does n't set at 3pm the whole year every day , only during the darkest time . . but in the winter there 's lots of clouds so it 's really dark . 
  you only see light outside when you look out of the window during lunch time :p, 
  why should they even be allowed to take their families ? 
  that would multiply the refugee numbers by . . 3-4-5 times ? 
  i think the family reunification regulations were made for people with families who are really in danger , not someone who is already in turkey with his family and wanting to give them all free stuff paid for by the host countrys taxpayers . 
  it 's also incredibly more cheaper to provide housing , teachers and all kinds of stuff to them over there in the middle-east than it is in europe . 
  even a normal house costs a lot more to build an in upkeep in northern/central europe than in africa - because it gets a lot colder here !, 
  we need to have proper insulation on the walls and good windows , also heating is very expensive . 
  so . . house 1000 immigrants/refugees over there ... would cost i guess a small fraction of what it would cost to build them houses over here . . and then keep them warm in the winter . 
  the international law should be changed then . 
  it 's silly . 
  i think you 'll mind them when they add speakers to call people to prayer 5 times during the day . 
  ok , maybe these changes are n't the best , but some changes have to be made , i think we both can agree with that . 
  it seems to me that most of the changes are n't about cutting government spending but changing stuff between the companies and employees . 
  for example , less vacation time - the people still get the same money , but have to work a bit more , to keep the companies competetive . 
  also they have been spending like this for years and the economy has n't gotten better , so something has to change . 
  they ca n't keep on spending like that for ever . 
  yes they should affect the working class , because they are the largest . 
  are n't the richer people already taxed very heavily ? 
  so if you want to really change anything , you have to make changes that affect the largest group of people . 
  if you add another tax to the rich . . then that wo n't help much and eventually they will move somewhere else and you do n't get any taxes at all . 
  besides it seems that many of the changes affect the relationship of the employees and companies . 
  finnish people here - what 's the point in doing that strike ? 
  do n't the people there understand that your economy is really down and something has to change ? 
  if you do n't change anything and keep delaying making changes then eventually you will have to make even bigger changes . 
  tens of thousands of them in estonia , and technically they are `` refugees '' i think . 
  but the eu ignores their numbers and claims we barely have any . 
  maybe track the boats from satellites . 
  i 'm sure the relevant authorities can come up with something if they think about it enough . 
  all countries should lower their benefits for immigrants , so they stop shopping for benefits . 
  also it 's insane for the swedes as a nation to grant everyone a citizenship and let everyone bring their families there . 
  their culture , language and everything will be gone soon . 
  even worse , if there are enough immigrants to change the election results towards more immigration/muslim friendly parties . 
  why ca n't they go to libya if they have been taken off the boats in libyan waters ? 
  they clearly came from there . 
  maybe then the italians will finally stop `` rescuing '' the immigrants from libyan waters and ship them back to libya or somewhere else . 
  the argument `` we do n't know where they came from !!, 
  ! 111 '' is completely invalid then . 
  if they are close to libya then they came from there , not somehow from portugal or who knows where . 
  the quota system was designed to take refugees directly from camps in the middle east and ship them to countries by plane , that 's how i understood it . 
  if there was a central agency then it would n't probably try to solve the problem , if it was done how merkel and germany want to do it . 
  they would just try to force other countries to take on more immigrants . 
  distributing them wo n't solve anything . 
  there 's too many of them and they have to be stopped somewhere . 
  is sweden really neutral ? 
  when russia did stuff with it 's submarine in your waters or has been violating your airspace . 
  and what about the comment by the general who said they can protect one part of sweden for one week and that 's it ? 
  to truly neutral you need a powerful army . 
  you do n't have it anymore . 
  you have some stuff , but some time ago there were n't any pilots on 24h alert , when the russians came with their planes then you could n't do anything . 
  organize a protest against taking in insane amounts of refugees - get branded a nazi , racist and xenophobic in sweden .
