  but i guess a lot of people are against too many immigrants , they just do n't dare to tell anyone , lest they be called racist . 
  arrest them all , yes , put on riot ger and force them to register themselves . 
  follow the law . 
  i guess they get preferential treatment in the queue and get put in before the normal swedes who are n't refugees ? 
  so swedes get pushed back in the queue . 
  good luck with your feel-good-save-the-world politicians fucking over sweden and the swedish people . 
  because they think they will get more free money , a better house and benefits in sweden than all the other countries they had to cross , germany not good enough for them . 
  these idiots are not refugees , they are n't running from a war anymore , they are running towards better benefits . 
  and you in sweden are at fault for these people storming to your country because you want to save the world somehow and give them everything they want and eventually give them citizenship too easily . 
  what will become of the swedish language and culture like that , when there 's like 2500-3000 of these people coming every week ? 
  how will you pay for all of their benefits in the end ? 
  is there some limit of them when you start sending them back or say `` this is too many , we ca n't take anymore '' ? 
  one person about talking about having to take in more refugees and quotas is donald tusk , i hoped he 'd be a sane person , since he 's from poland :(, 
  no country is happy when it 's citizens move to another country to work and pay taxes there . 
  it 's also happening in estonian , when our people are working in finland and when their hospitals are calling our doctors and nurses to work there . 
  the government is n't happy about it and nobody else is either . 
  but there 's no way to stop them . 
  so you ca n't blame hungary for it 's citizens working in other countries , since they ca n't do anything about it , if they tried ... it would be an outrage . 
  it 's good to see that your government has some kind of backbone and wo n't tolerate the pressure by germany . 
  it 's on thing done right by orban , but other than that he 's still an asshat for lots of other reasons . 
  it 's one thing to protect other allies militarily , forcing other countries to take in people who are a perpetual drain on their resources is another . 
  if they try to shoot anyone who draws a cartoon of some guy or try to force you to follow their stupid sharia law then yes , they are comparable . 
  because both are against european culture values . 
  that really is n't a solution `` they will leave anyway '' . 
  accepting these people and distributing them among the member states does n't solve any long-term problems . 
  keeping the border secure and deporting anyone who 's illegal should be the first step towards a solution to having too many illegal immigrants/refugees . 
  if they were refugees then they would ask for asylum in greece , not try to get to germany . 
  crossing borders of european states illegally = illegal immigrants . 
  he was being sarcastic ? 
  that 's how the politicians try to picture it , like `` oh these people are very useful for our country , look here we have one surgeon ( who was n't a refugee and came here on his own a long time ago , but we do n't mention that ) , so we can use these refugee-specialists in useful ways !! '', 
  if you are a software developer then it would be a good idea , everything is cheaper than in finland , the salary for a developer is also lower , but comparing to other countries the salary of a developer is very good , if you take the living costs into account . 
  also cheap beer :p a friend said that craft beer costs 10 $ a bottle/glass at pubs in helsinki :(, 
  i 'm not anti-gay or lesbian or whatever , but i do n't support the plans to distribute thousands of refugees to countries . 
  the most vocal people are anti everything , but they are a minority . 
  we have nothing agasint finnish people moving here and working . 
  most people are against taking in uneducated economic migrants who have no useful skills and wo n't contribute anything . 
  not having any problems with immigrants or muslims does n't mean that we should invite lots of them here until we start having problems with them . 
  tha ` ts one of the `` pro '' arguments , `` look , we have no problems with them atm , lets take 200/2000/3000 of them ! '', 
  what ? 
  we did n't `` allow '' it , we were occupied by the soviet union . 
  we had no choice to allow them do anything . 
  when they ask for asylum then they probably will say something about where they come from , even if they lie . . they say something . 
  so deport them to where they say they came from ? 
  you seem to be living in a fantasy world . 
  they will move to the country with the best benefits . 
  also , countries do n't provide jobs to people , companies do , no country can force anyone to hire someone just because that person is a refugee . 
  they probably do n't have any skills or do n't know the language of the country . 
  why should we want to make it easy for them to claim asylum , in embassies ? 
  should europe really accept everyone who ever wants to live here ? 
  how about protecting the culture and people already living in europe ? 
  what happens when germans or swedes become a minority in their own country ? 
  germany is taking them all in because it 's profitable for them . 
  they get cheap labour and can export their stuff to other countries . 
  now when they get too many of them immigrants then they try to force other countries to take them in as well , even though there would n't be any kind of use for them in other countries . 
  how is germany helping by telling every syrian that they can come freely to germany and then on the other hand trying to force other countries to take in more syrians ? 
  if germany wants them so badly then they can do what they want , if they do n't then why do n't they stiffen their rules about illegal immigrants and do n't deport all of those who ca n't get asylum ? 
  currently we dont have any problems with immigrants/refugees , so those who want to take more of them in use it as an argument `` see , our immigrants have n't caused any trouble , we should take more !!, 
  '' , but why should we take more and more until they start causing problems ? 
  when there are already problems then they will be really difficult to solve i guess . 
  so our situation is ideal right now . 
  these people probably werent real refugees as someone else said before . 
  if they were refugees , they could have asked for asylum or whatever in hungary or some other safe country , but noo . . they were on their way to germany , towards a good life with benefits . 
  what pisses people off is when someone claims that the killing of jews was somehow worse than the crimes of stalin , who killed a lot of different people , not only jews ( he killed them too ) . 
  yes , there was organisation , in lithuania it was organised by sajudis . 
  there were main organisers in each country , and they delegated the smaller pieces of road to local organisations . 
  it was a huge logistical effort . 
  this is just stupid . 
  `` share the burden '' - why ? 
  why should the uk let them in , no questions asked ? 
  in the interviews with the people who want to get to the uk i 've seen , most of them just say `` i 've got relatives there '' , `` i heard they have nice houses '' , `` i want to go to university there '' and so on . 
  they are not in a danger in france or wherever they came from , they are not fleeing from a war anymore . 
  are you . . from estonia , or some other country with similar experiences ? 
  there are lots of young russians who somehow manage to not learn our language . 
  or even when they learn it at school then they choose not to use it and choose to wear these horrible orange-black ribbons on their cars , put little icons of putin on the dashboards or do other silly stuff . 
  even learning the language of the country does n't mean they are culturally integrated . 
  the government ca n't give people a job , the person , the refugee , has to get qualified enough to get a job . 
  if they do n't have any skills and do n't know any useful language then they will get shitty jobs . 
  also here the government does n't give people benefits just because they want free money or something . 
  money to unemployed people is quite low , to give them an incentive to find work , there 's some benefits to disabled people and that 's it . 
  there is no free money for people who do n't want to work and do n't have any disabilities . 
  so why do you think that the illegal immigrants should have it any better ? 
  that would create huge resentment among the people when some guy who got here over the mediterranean has a better life than a citizen who has worked hard his whole life . 
  it 's possible to immigrate to estonia legally , it 's difficult but doable . . like you can immigrate legally to australia . 
  no country has any obligation to accept anyone who wants to live there . 
  sweden is too politically correct and always trying to hide the problems that immigrants cause . 
  if anything said about immigrants is `` racist '' then you ca n't even discuss the problems and solutions for them , that 's stupid . 
  estonia already has over 20 % of immigrants , left over from the soviet occupation , they refuse to integrate and learn our language and culture and complain about `` oppression '' and so on . 
  latvia has even more i think . 
  do we really need more people like that ? 
  also it 's nice that the eu refuses to take them into account when trying to distribute the economic refugees coming to italy and greece . . 
  your founding fathers exist in your country , not others . 
  or maybe that was some kind of sarcasm ? 
  he was trying to commit insurance fraud . 
  yes because most of the english speaking internet is filled by people from the us . 
  when someone makes a topic about europe and then some americans come to tell how it is in new york or texas then i 'd rather have them go away and speak about life in their country somewhere else , because this is the subreddit dedicated to europe . 
  it also happens fairly often . 
  in topics about education , finances or something similar . . for example . 
  or when someone makes a thread about peoples favourite beer and then they start talking about beers that they drink in the us that are available only there , when they are us citizens and also live there . 
  if the general idea of a common strategy is to accept everyone who crosses the mediterranean and then distribute them among the member states then it 's obviously not going to work . 
  the solution should be a plan to reduce illegal immigration , not give the signal to immigrants that they are welcome .
