  the sanctions are working nicely . 
  have they ever done anything positive with their neighbours ? 
  they had loads of forced labor to use in their factories and mines . 
  that 's how they got a part of that huge boost in output . 
  basically they used the prisoners in the gulag as slaves . 
  why not ? 
  young people in countries from eastern europe often go to some other countries because they think that they have a better chanche there , i do n't like it that they leave , but why should france have to change because some youngsters are unhappy about france not banning the drawing of caricatures of some random prophet for their god of choice ? 
  if they do n't like , they are free to go to some islamic backwards hellhole , live in a mud hut and worship whoever they want . 
  but they do n't want to leave because they have a good life there without having to do much at all , but that 's not good enough for them . 
  which one is more visible ? 
  a scarf around the head or a small cross worn around the neck , that can be put under the clothes ? 
  if they do n't want to be a part of the country then they ca n't be helped , if they do n't want to be helped , can they ? 
  if they feel alien then maybe they should go to a country where they feel at home ? 
  they should n't hope to force their views on the people on their host country , that 's absurd , france should n't have to change to accomodate anyone . 
  these are cheap . 
  people were given apartments in flats by the government during the occupation , you had to build your own house . 
  also there were limits on how big the house could be . 
  flats are more efficient in a city , more people can live in the same area , schools , shops and public transport are closer , etc. 
  during the soviet times cars were almost luxury items , people had to wait years to get a permit to buy a car . 
  or estonia . 
  why not ? 
  what 's the reason ( besides it being forbidden ) ? 
  we only have valmiermuiza , and it 's good . 
  i 've heard that the other latvian beers are n't good at all . 
  i guess the estonian beers in finland are saku originaal and a'le ` coq premium , which are totally mediocre , generic lager type beers . 
  if you want something interesting then you should try some of our craft beers . 
  but it 's really not comparable , the poor in the uk have lives 100x better than some poor people in india or 10x better than in romania . 
  i guess that 's why there are so many economic refugees . 
  relative poverty . 
  when everyone has iphones and your children do n't . . then they are officially at risk of poverty :(, 
  and that 's why they should never be let in the eu . 
  it 's more difficult to throw them out , when they do n't learn english in the set amount of time . 
  and the fact that there are people who have n't bothered to learn english in years proves that people like that should n't be let in , because they can get by without it somehow and do n't want to learn it . 
  european is someone who is culturally european . 
  when someone wants to have sharia law , kill all non-muslim people and so on , then he is definately not european in any way , he 's garbage . 
  i usually dislike the idea of universal european values but freedom of speech and religion are some of them . 
  when someone wants to force his religion on others and kill people for drawing pictures of some guy in a book ( muhamed ) then he should fuck off to a country where it 's ok to do that . 
  the eu leaders are just invincible in their positions . 
  they can do whatever they like . 
  is there even a process for removing some of them ? 
  the leaders of the eu are n't democratically elected , they are appointed in some convoluted way . 
  this should end . 
  you have been denying the armenian genocide since forever . 
  their problems started years before sactions on russia appeared . 
  east germany was offered to join the marshall plan , the soviet union forbade taking the money . 
  it 's not that east germany did n't want it . 
  if . . she really was misunderstood by everyone then she would have made another statement clearly saying what she really meant , but i do n't think she did that . 
  because the russian anti-doping agency was covering up the doping usage of russian athletes . 
  the world anti doping agency relies on local agencies doing the checks , but if the russian anti doping agency has been cooperating with their athletes , trainers and even fsb ? 
  then they ca n't be trusted to do anything . 
  it was partially airbaltic that drove estonian air into problems , air baltic also got aid from latvia but for some reason it was allowed , they have been competing on the same routes . 
  air baltic also drove the lithuanian airline into bankruptcy , by offering direct flights from the lithuanian capital . 
  once their national company was gone they stopped offering direct flights and everyone had to go through riga . 
  air baltic is a shitty company who does unfair things . 
  maybe because . . in the old commie-block apartments the normal wooden door was n't made from wood but from kind of thick cardboard , a wooden frame which was covered on both sides by 3-4mm of cardboard or veneer . 
  and it opened inwards , in the corridors . 
  in the 90-s there was more crime than now so it became fashionable to get an outer , steel door . 
  now normally all new apartments come with a steel outer door , that looks nice . 
  if the old soviet buildings had had proper thick wooden doors that had proper locks then nobody would have bothered with steel doors since they are expensive . 
  but all the doors sucked , were thin and the locks were bad . 
  the old doors from soviet times were so thin . . 
  i think you could easily kick trough them or just get them off the hinges , impossible with new doors . 
  usually home entrances are n't on the same level as the street , there are a few steps or a small stair . 
  the only thing that should be done there is to demolish the camp , arrest everyone who 's there and deport them all at once . 
  these people have no right to be there , their expectations of having to get to the uk and sneaking into trucks are stupid . 
  they do n't do anything but cause trouble . 
  why should they be allowed to camp there ? 
  they just have to make it very hard to get citizenship . 
  not that dumb thing they do in sweden `` live 4 years and get cirizenship for free '' . 
  russia does n't have gas pipes leading to china , india or wherever putin would like to sell his gas . 
  he needs europe to buy his gas . 
  what countries belong to the eastern europe according to you ? 
  romania , yes , poland , czech republic , estonia , latvia also ? 
  there 's no way in hell that we in estonia would feel more closer to moscow in any conceivable way . 
  it 's just that we do n't really buy that `` we must help everyone '' garbage that merkel has been telling everyone . 
  it does n't mean that we are some evil people or like putin or whatever . 
  if we really liked moscow for some reason then we would n't have wanted to join nato . 
  so i really do n't get where you get that idea . 
  these parts should be allowed to secede , since they do n't want to be in russia and are a money drain . 
  but russia only wants to grab more territory instead . 
  some years ago the uk had plans for something called national id , was it similar ? 
  it was dropped because people got scared of privacy ... reasons . 
  this is about the voting system . 
  by a man who is principally against all kinds of electronic voting systems . 
  this has nothing to do with our e-government services , internet banking and so on . 
  we do n't need to imagine it , all of that is possible in estonia currently , thanks to our id card . 
  and the services are used extensively because everyone has an id card , because it was made compulsory for everyone . 
  it 's also nice that we can travel everywhere in the eu with the id card , do n't need a passport . 
  so our id card is compulsory , but passport is n't . 
  right , then the next year 5 million will come , whom you will support for the whole duration of their asylum process , you will accept one million of them , then the next year 5 million will come and you will accept `` only '' one million and so on . 
  you ca n't say `` there 's no limit '' - there are practical limits to it , but the german state chooses to ignore reality , the laws of physics and economy . 
  that 's just silly . 
  maybe you are just annoyed that everyone is bashing germany here on reddit and you feel that you need to defend germany ? 
  if you want to support the whole middle-east then do so , but do n't force your shit on the other countries in the eu , do n't speak about `` taking responsibility '' - take responsibility for what ? 
  for inviting them here ? 
  that 's to merkel , but if you say that the other countries have to take some kind of responsibility for problems they did n't create then fuck off . 
  but do n't force the rest of europe to follow your constituion . 
  people in hungary or estonia do n't care what the german constition says about asylum seekers . 
  not at all . 
  the law may say `` there are no limits '' but that 's just theoretical .
