  should we accept all of the people who are living in shitty places because `` we need to help them '' ? 
  that is stupid and would destroy the eu, 
  what should we call you ? 
  spelling out `` czech republic '' every time is tedious . 
  * two , * their, 
  we had 2 of them in estonia . 
  one ( paldiski ) was a port city , the russians converted it to a military port and installed a nuclear reactor to train their nuclear submarine people , it was an important port , because it 's ice-free and it 's naturally deep , does n't need dredging . 
  the other city was sillam\u00e4e , where they built a factory for refining uranium and all sorts of rare earth metals . 
  the factory still works , does n't do anything with uranium anymore . 
  since proper waste disposal was n't cool in the soviet union , they left us a nice big pool with 15 million tons of waste , next to the gulf of finland , http://www.bioneer.ee/static/files/035/t2_sm3.jpg now it 's a ll covered up and safe . 
  if you promise not to decorate yourself and your car using the george 's ribbon and russian flag colours then you might be ok . and not vote for our pro-putin party . 
   they do n't always have that option not everyone needs to even have that option . 
  restrictions on immigration are in place for a reason . 
  the german solution would be to distribute them evenly across europe . 
  that 's not a solution . 
  the only thing that solves the problem is if the numbers of `` refugees '' become reasonable again . 
  they need to be stopped from entering europe . 
  for example the many mass killings by the soviet union . 
  we have had jewish officials claim that what happened for example in the baltic states was in no way comparable to the holocaust and their suffering was greater and we should shut up . 
  the jes just think they are more special than other people who have suffered because of stupid ideas of stupid dictators . 
  how do you do them online ? 
  how much time do you have to spend every time ? 
  which other country offered help ? 
  the soviet union attacked finland , the other allied countries wanted to but could n't help finland , since the su was the ally of uk , france and ths us . 
  that 's difficult to check . 
  education in the eu is standardised , but even if they show a diploma about having a degree in some field , we do n't know what they studied , how thorough were the studies and so on . 
  also 3rd world universities tend to be easier than the ones in the eu . 
  even if they have learned to become an electrician , then they do n't know anything about the standards , materials and practices we use here in the eu . 
  so basically their skills are useless , they may know the basics , but that 's about it . 
  it ca n't be ended at any time here , but it 's better than a contract that is not permanent and renewed after the last one ends . 
  what good is a job contract that can never be ended , even when the employee does fuck all or fucks up something ? 
  but do n't these people understand that when firing someone is almost impossible then it 's equally difficult to get a permanent job contract ? 
  since the companies fear that they ca n't remove people when they do n't need them anymore . 
  firing someone is the important part . 
  it should n't be too difficult to fire someone when he is doing a bad job , is incompetent or the company is n't doing good . 
  a joke from sweden : there was this chain of home appliance stores ( tv-s , washing machines and so on ) , some of the stores were unprofitable , but the majority of them ( over 50 % ) were doing good . 
  the company wanted to close the unprofitable stores and fire the people working there . 
  the union disagreed . 
  result - all stores were closed , everyone lost their jobs instead of only some people . 
  win for the union ? 
  this is what 's hard to understand about americans , how can any normal person be called `` dick '' ? 
  there can be positive things , when the country gets to choose who to let in , not if 1 million random people , most of whom do n't have any useable skills , come to your country in a year . 
  sometimes it is , sometimes it is n't , but it 's more of a choice in western european countries where unemployment benefits are at the same level as minimum wage . 
  how is that sustainable ? 
  why should people be able to choose whether to take benefits or take a job and not be able to stay at home doing nothing . 
  unemployed people get some money and also people who do n't have enough to pay for heating and so on can get assistance . 
  people do n't starve or freeze to death here but they just get the bare minimum to stay alive , if they do n't work for some reason . 
  the west-european welfare state will disappear in the coming decades , it 's just unsustainable . 
  why should people who do n't work be able to live a good life , paid for by those who go to work every day ? 
  the cheap estonian labor lives in finland , they would n't commute by train . 
  if someone wants to live and work there , then the price of a ferry ticket wont stop anyone . 
  well . . 
  i know a guy who worked at a bank that had offices in tallinn and frankfurt , he lived in tallinn but worked in frankfurt , the bank paid for a flight there on monday and back on friday , for 2 years , until he had had enough of it . 
  there are companies paying for a bit silly travel for employees , because they need some people to work at a certain office . 
  germany needs a pipeline for vodka as well . 
  their vodka tasted of grain or potatoes . 
  + there would be lots of documentaries with dramatic voiceovers about how giant tunnel boring machines are used and so on . 
  the kind of documentaries the discovery channel has about stuff , how they built the channel tunnel or some giant bridge somewhere . 
  maybe the 2 countries could sell rights to documentary-makers . . ok / s, 
  stop it already with the `` deport to where '' . 
  maybe some of them have burned their papers , but not all of them . 
  even if they have gotten rid of their papers , there are ways of finding out where they are from . 
  it 's as like people like you do n't want to deport criminals , want to keep them in your country ? 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  in how many wars has portugal been ? 
  how many times have you been occupied in the last 100 years ? 
  how many neighbours do you have that are known to occupy others just for the lulz ( russia , if you do n't get the hint ) ? 
  i guess the answer is `` none '' to these questions . 
  you do n't see the benefit of it becase you live in portugal , not in sweden or finland or estonia , if you lived here , you 'd think differently . 
  you ca n't come here with your knowledge of how stuff works in the us and then tell us how we should do our stuff because the us has almost unlimited amounts of money to spend on it 's army ( compared to the nordic countries ) , having a professional army capable of doing anything useful is very expensive . 
  the nordic countries and other smaller nations do n't have these resources , so the best cost-effective alternative is to train a reserve army , people who would know at least something about how to behave in a war and be a soldier . 
  estonia also has conscription and lithuania restarted it last year . 
  all because of russia . 
  it 's better to have lots of people who know how to shoot a gun at the enemy and sometimes hit , than to have a few people who get more hits . 
  most of the professionals in the army train new recruits , some of the new recruits join the army while some retire . 
  i 'm guessin that the top talent from iran , armenia or nigeria is n't that `` top '' , are n't the sharpest pencils in the drawer or have something else wrong with them otherwise they would go to better and more prestigious universities in western europe . 
  i 've heard lots of people complaining about international students not speaking english properly and being . . useless in classes . 
  it 's every students worst nightmare to end up doing group work with an international student . 
  they usually just do n't do anything and in some cases it seems that they do n't understand anything either . 
  there are exceptions - i 've heard good words about finnish and german students here in tut and nothing bad about them . 
  ok , one bad thing . 
  the finnish students like to lend expensive books from the library and then do n't return them when they finish their studies :( books in the field of economy can be very expensive ,  100 $ prices . 
  turkey should first modernize . 
  nobody was let in the eu with them promising to modernize and follow eu rules . 
  first they had to implement eu rules in their laws , then they were allowed to join . 
  there have been no cases like that and since the buildings are perfectly fine to live in ( though they may look ugly ) the prices of all the apartments would be too high for the city to compensate all of them based on a fair price . 
  in eastern europe most apartments are owned by the people who live in them , not by the country/city . 
  so the city ca n't just decide to tear them down and move the people to other houses . 
  if you really wanted to deport them , then you would just do that . 
  the `` they do n't have passports '' and so on is just an excuse not to deport them . 
  if someone wanted to find out where they are from then it could be found out . 
  o'rly ? 
  they only need our money in exchange for oil ? 
  russia needs a lot of equipment that they do n't produce themselves , even for oil drilling and exploration they need equipment made in the us and eu . 
  also , electronics . . all kinds of stuff that is made by siemens and the other mayor engineering companies . 
  they need a lot of other stuff besides tomatoes , wine and `` crap '' . 
  the sanctions are also hurting their companies and banks , because it 's forbidden to give them any long-term loans and they need money to use in investments . 
  russia has the interest of occupying and taking over it 's neighbours territories . 
  other countries do n't like that . 
  especially the countries that are in danger of being taken over .
