  yeah , it 's annoying that germans do n't like debit cards either . 
  it 's annoying for a tourist . 
  they will still think that the state-funded channels will be full of lies and the producers are brainwashed by usa and the west and hate russia etc , because that 's what russia will tell the local russians . 
  greece first has to get rid of it 's massive corruption , to have any hope for real growth . 
  taking bribes , giving relatives governments jobs and not paying taxes should be frowned upon , not something everybody does . 
  like the other guy said - they wo n't be an independent state . 
  they 'll apply to join the modern ussr of russia as soon as possible , just like crimea . 
  but new zealand or australia are culturally closer . 
  kazakstan is not in europe , it 's in asia . 
  i think the eu should be for countries which are geographically and culturally close to eachother . 
  where does the idea come from , that every country on our continent should eventually belong to the eu ? 
  the eu is not a place for backwards countries which build gold statues of their dictator and have cults of personality . 
  latvia was independent since 18 . november 1918 . 
  estonia declared independence on 24.02.1918 . 
  we were occupied from 1940 to 1991 . 
  the countries have existed for 96 years . 
  what is your point ? 
   most ~ ~ ordinary people ~ ~ russians at the time believed the russian propaganda , reflected in everything from education to interior design , that all fifteen republics joined the soviet union voluntarily . 
  corrected, 
  would n't want to live there . 
  because : * free healthcare * 28 days of paid vacation * paid overtime - or - no overtime mandated by employers , to me it seems that 90 % of it firms require everyone to do overtime * less people running around with guns * better public transportation * more political choices than only 2 parties and many more . 
  if i had to live there . . then somewhere where it is n't too warm or too cold . 
  and good job opportunities for programmers . 
  currently there 's too much corruption going on in ukraine and i doubt you will get rid of it in 5 years . 
  people who think it 's ok to ask money for random things they should do for free ( city planning , police asking for random bribes ) just need to be removed from work , but since everyone is so accustomed to bribes then it will be difficult to find people to fill those positions . 
  there needs to be a new generation of officials , who do n't have that habit . 
  you are in the same place as estonia in 1992 and we joined in 2004 . 
  what you can do is work towards following the rules of the eu . 
  the problem with ukraine joining eu and getting handouts is , that ukraine is such a big country and would need huge amounts of money to bring it to levels comparable to the core eu countries , estonia or poland were easy to swallow for the eu , but ukraine would be more difficult - it 's just so big ( and economy currently is in a worse state than poland when it joined ) . 
  there 's also the danger of getting lots of free money , not knowing what to do with it and doing crazy stupid things because `` it 's free '' . 
  you have a swedish flag and say `` we ( serbia ) '' ? 
  what kind of political solution ? 
  the only possible solution is for the putin-backed separatists to give up their weapons and go back to their homes . 
  there ca n't be any negotiations with their `` republics '' . 
  artificial creations made by fsb are n't something to negotiate and do policits with . 
  having the world cup of football there would be the same as the 1936 olympic games in berlin . 
  i hope that fifa 's sponsors will put pressure on them . 
  this certainly changed in the 80-s , everyone in northern-estonia was watching finnish tv . 
  my father and thousands of other people who were young in the 80s learned finnish by watching your tv . 
  why is russia still threatening their neighbours and claiming all the former soviet republics should go back to being parts of russia ? 
  why is that ? 
  nato does n't tell countries if they should have a professional army or conscription . 
  in estonia we still have conscription ( although some silly politicians want to end it ) . 
  now is a good time to join the nato . 
  the relations are the worst ever , it can only get marginally worse when you join nato . 
  russia has shown it 's true intentions during the last 8 months , so joining nato is something you should consider . 
  russia wants a divided europe , let 's not give it to them . 
  joining the nato does n't mean you should disband your army , it requires to spend a certain amount of money for military . 
  you do n't get cheaper gas for buying more . 
  you get cheaper gas because germany is the most powerful country in the eu and russia wants to have good relations with you . 
  the countries of eastern europe are n't that powerful and important in the eu so russia can fuck with them as it pleases . 
  then it uses the gas price as leverage in other negotiations . 
  like `` if you join nato/eu/sign some treaty we will raise gas prices for you !, 
  it 's interesting ( for me as an estonian ) why did n't the ussr try to russianize lithuania as much as it did with latvia and lithuania by sendind lots of russians there ? 
  the situation is pretty bad in latvia and in some parts of estonia because of this . 
  also . . wiesenthal centre , ftw , always trying to frame the baltic countries as nazi worshippers . 
  there were various economic collapses in russia before that as well , in 97-98 and the russian markets have n't been really reliable . 
  so our manufacturers are used to russia suddenly not buying anything . 
  '97 was a hard lesson for them , but it was a good lesson to learn . 
  our economy has become stronger because of not depending too much on exports to russia . 
  estonia used to export lots of stuff to russia . 
  now we 're exporting our food and other stuff to other parts of the world , thanks to previous random bans of our good by russia . 
  every year they banned imports of something , just for fun . 
  would they want russia to be punished if it tried to invade finland again ? 
  or would they want the rest of the world to only think about their short-term economic interests and say `` we 're doing too much business with them , ca n't sanction them now '', 
  what 's missing is the tax % used , when calculating data for countries with progressive income tax . 
  the graph should say which bracket/income range was used, 
  they probably would n't lower the taxes , because the state wants the monies from people . 
  maybe they will stop raising them , when enough finns come to estonia to buy alcohol . 
  once i had some friends come visiting from finland , they stayed for 2 days and came with a minivan , filled it with so much beer , vodka , etc that it was too heavy to drive properly and went back :p, 
  please do n't start with whataboutsim , ok ? 
  what russia does is shitty , any actions by the us do n't justify russia 's behaviour . 
  russia would have more friends if it behaved better and stopped threatening everyone . 
  it would n't make much sense , our laulupidu is so popular , because the festival is not only about singing but also `` being estonian '' , lots of the songs are very patriotic , people are waving flags etc. 
  it 's about being free , having our own country - that 's why it 's so important for us . 
  in comparison - i heard that the latvian festival is more academic and people usually do n't bring a flag with them . 
  they do n't , in some countries the kids will just go home on their own and do homework etc. 
  the children will have 3 months to play outside with friends , read books do sports , go to summer camps etc. 
  normally both parents work , sometimes the kids will spend some time with their grandparents also . 
  in latvia ( and estonia and lithuania ) it 's totally ok for children that go to school to go outside alone ( without parents ) . 
  children who go to school at the age of 7 will come home from school at about 12-13 and then stay at home or go visit their friends , during normal schooldays . 
  the fact that other countries are doing things they should n't does n't justify what russia does . 
  it 's amazing how many people are here who want to bash the us in any thread about russia . 
  heh , i thought this temporary tax was created during the ` lama ' of the 90-s . 
  learned something new about my northern neighbours . 
  interesting that nobody in this thread mentions very high taxes , people paid so much money by the state that some do n't even want to work ... such high welfare costing a lot of money for the state and resulting in high taxes and the government taking on new loans . 
  because government needs money and car taxes are a good excuse for getting more tax money . 
  was n't the finnish car tax supposed to be temporary , when it was created in the 90-s ? 
  there are always some people who are impressed with bmws and clothes with big ugly armani logos . 
  it depends on who you want to impress , it works on people with less education . 
  does n't work with engineers , intellectuals . 
  are you really missing that ? 
  buying status or `` high class '' is like ... bad taste . 
  why should people respect someone only because they managed to get more money ? 
  this is why everyone wants to be in the nato nad have good relations with the west instead of being closer to russia . 
  russia is a big mentally unstable bully who is always threatening their neighbours and then acting surprised that no-one wants to be friends, 
  why are people even voting for these guys ? 
  are n't these the same who took away people 's pension funds ? 
  the young guys were those who were leading the independence movement . 
  the old guys were communist and no-one liked them .
