  if 5 million people come in one year will you still say `` there are no limits , keep coming ? '', 
  it 's not latvia failing , it 's russia helping the local russians fight against latvian policy with money and all kinds of ideological and organisational support . 
  hah , it 's nice the austrians did that . 
  we have russians complaining about having to learn 60 % subjects in estonian and calling it oppression and so on . 
  what they do n't get is that even having classes in russian is a luxury they would n't get in other countries . 
  but they are like `` my human rights !!, 
  ! ~ ~ '' and refuse to learn estonian . 
  how german have the turkish worker-immigrants become ? 
  what 's the sillyest is that sweden gives them citizenship in just a few years . 
  why ?? 
  then they will probably be unable to deport them , because they are citizens and nobody will want to remove their citizenships . 
  also the parties which are for immigration will get more voters . 
  #absurd !, 
  so the solution to the german problem of having not enough children is to import people from syria ? 
  but when these people are having children then they wo n't be german , they will still be muslim . 
  taking in lots of people from other countries wo n't help with your fertility problem , the number of germans will still decrease , only now you just have lots of other different people there replacing the germans . 
  is that what you want ? 
  i had something like that as a child , it was awesome . 
  more awesome than lego . 
  we did n't have many different parts though , so could n't build much with it . 
  for me lego is becoming less awesome with all these brand name and special themed stuff , since they contain lots of pieces that are special for these sets , they ca n't be reused in as many ways as pieces from some generic lego set can be reused . 
  well russia exists on ancient finno-ugric land today :p the land west of the urals was inhabited by finno-ugric people who were driven away when the slavs came . 
  so it should be rightful property of the grand finno-ugric empire :p, 
  that 's the problem now , russia started listing all non-profit ngos that received money from abroad as `` foregin agents '' and nobody wants to do anything with them . 
  for example if there was a local official doing official things with one of the organisations from the list then he 'd get into trouble , so now officials just ignore all of these organisations and they ca n't do anything . 
  so we ca n't send money to anyone , because they ca n't accept it and they do n't have enough money on their own to do something useful . 
  that 's russia 's way of hindering the development of other cultures and languages that exist within it 's borders . 
  too sad . . :(, 
  the solution for voter coercion is the possibility to vote as many times as you want , only the latest vote counts . 
  voters can check to whom their vote went with this , https://www.valimised.ee/eng/nuti-juhend, 
  like this : https://www.valimised.ee/eng/nuti-juhend, 
  yes , you are correct , not detecting problems does n't mean there are n't any . 
  but as of now we consider our system safe enough for usage in elections . 
  inb4 russians claiming `` you can speak any language you want in russia , we are n't opressing anyone !! '', 
  the other article was about elections held in 2006 and 2007 . 
  i 'm sure they have made improvements to their processes since then . 
  and they do n't say `` stop doing this '' as halderman did . 
  and i ca n't read what they wrote specifically about the estonian system , since only the abstract of their article is available . 
  but it 's pointless to argue with you , since you are 100 % against doing electronic voting , i 'm for doing it in a safe way , i 'm against voting machines which seem only to fail and complicate things , i 'm using our id card every day and i trust it , i know how it works , you do n't use it and do n't know our system , yet you are against it . 
  it was one `` expert '' who is against any kinds of electronic voting . 
  there should be more of these experts , because he is biased , it 's his bread and butter to fight against electronic voting in general . 
  in the us some `` scientists '' are more like show-men . 
  i 'd like to see someone other , besides this halderman guy research it . 
  someone who is reputable , because he 's kind of controversial . 
  he 's on a crusade against any kinds of electronic voting , it seems it 's his life goal to fight against it everywhere . 
  so he 's kind of biased , if he does n't like electronic voting in general then i guess all of his reports of using electronic voting will have the conclusion `` stop using this '', 
  they receive less votes because their voters are older . . and surprise !, 
  because they tell their supporters not to use e-voting . 
  then they complain about having few electronic votes and `` see !, 
  see !, 
  it 's the parties in government faking the results !!, 
  it has worked fine in estonia . 
  we do our electronic voting not with voting machines but on our pc-s or mobile phones , with a special voting application . 
  there have n't been any problems so far . 
  there have been some fearmongering `` specialists '' who did n't show any real deficits in the software or the system . 
  the belgian example does n't compare to estonia , it talks about voting machines . 
  there are 2 kinds of electronic voting people talk about , * voting machines * voting over internet we do our voting over the internet , in a special application , not in the browser , we authenticate ourselves with the digital id card , to avoid voter coercion we can vote as many times as we like during the voting period . 
  hell no . 
  some people may be educated but too many live in too poor conditions . 
  i think they are lightyears away from fulfilling all the requirements and rules of the eu , food safety , production . . of stuff and so on . 
  the current ruler is a dictator who does n't care about different opinions or democracy . 
  and they still deny the genocide of armenians . 
  what country is denying anything like that in europe ? 
  letting turkey in would be madness and an end to european values , whatever they are . . like democracy and freedom of press and speech . 
  i was born in 1985 so i do n't remember much of it besides having to wait in really-really long queues for food . 
  but i have learned a lot from what other people have said or written . 
  the life for a factory worker imported from russia was probably very good . 
  workers in important factories that made stuff for the military god high salaries ( also a tractor driver had a salary that was 3-4x that of a teacher or other kind of `` intellectual '' ) . 
  they got a brand new apartment in the new districts that had new commie blocks built for them . 
  maybe some estonians got in them as well , but mostly russians . 
  they had a good paying job at a factory , where they worked probably for their whole life , now when the soviet union collapsed the products of the factories were n't needed anymore , because how the soviet system was built - they created factories in estonia with the purpose of having to import lots of workers , the raw materials came from russia and the products went back to russia or some other part of the soviet union . 
  there was no local need for having these factories here . 
  many of the big industries could only work because the soviet union provided very cheap energy for them ( gas/oil ) and they could n't work anymore when they had to pay the real price for it 's inputs . 
  it was impossible to be unemployed because everyone was given a job , even if it was a meaningless one , when someone refused to take a job then he was prosecuted for being `` a parasite '' or something similar . 
  so that 's about everyone having a job . . more about negative sides : there were artists or poets who were dissidents were at first imprisoned for that for . . example 7 years and then had to work at random jobs for their whole life , one had to work as a night guard from 1969-88 , because he could n't get any other job . 
  life was ok for the ordinary person , they did n't die of starvation but they had to endure lots of propaganda stupidities , children had to sing songs of praise to lenin , even i remember a childrens book about how lenin was a friend of children and worked out a lot when he was young and so on . 
  people had to go to the may parade and celebrate the october revolution . 
  there was n't much freedom to travel , even inside the country . 
  an invitation and a special permit were needed to visit our islands for example . 
  my grandfather 's family were fishers in a coastal village but the soviets forbade anyone to own a boat , owning one was punishable . 
  before the occupation every family had boats and nets and could go and catch some fish as they had for centuries before , but not anymore . 
  the soviets did n't like people having boats because then someone might escape from their socialist paradise . 
  i 've read that people in russia had it worse , those who worked in a kolkhoz needed permits to visit a city , so people living in a village were basically living in serfdom . 
  the soviet union wanted to eradicate all other languages and have everyone speak russian . 
  in the 80-s they sent a die-hard commie here to lead the local communist party who did all that moscow wanted . 
  so they started teaching russian in the kindergarden . 
  fortunately i was born at the right time so i did n't have to learn it there . 
  there was n't much freedom , children were told to spy on their parents or friends and report anyone suspicious . 
  artists had to take directions from the communist ideology , so paintings had to look like this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_realism the ceiling of our national opera is also painted in that style . 
  at work it seems that nobody really cared about the thing they did so the quality of the proucts was shoddy . 
  also the tools and machines used were n't really good . 
  my grandfather told me that in a ball bearing factory the best ones went to military planes , the next best ones for tanks and so on , until at the end what was left was sent to civillian use - everything was centered on servicing the military . 
  to make something for the civillians they forced the military factories to produce stuff for civillian use , so tank factories made trucks or washing machines and so on . 
  there was also a lot of waste , my father told me he knew someone who was a truck driver and he was issued fuel based on distance traveled but his car did better km per litre than was the norm but he could not refuse the extra fuel , otherwise they would think he was n't driving the amout he was supposed to , so he just gave it away to friends or sometimes just poured on the ground . 
  lots of soil was contaminated with oil like that , because a lot of people just cheated , they did n't drive enough with their tractor or lorry and then poured the fuel on the ground . 
  there are still some places where nothing grows because of that . 
  this happened because nobody cared and the people issuing the fuel to them did n't care and did n't have to pay the real cost of the fuel . 
  they just got it from somewhere and had to spend it , because it was in the five year plan . 
  also everyone and their uncle stole from work . 
  if it could be taken then it was stolen .
