  someone told me that he was sent to work in a sock factory , so at the end of his first day the others put a long sock-hose ( that was supposed to cut in pieces the right sise ) around his waist , to make him an accomplice . 
  he really did n't need it and i guess the others did n't have much use for it either but they could steal it so they did . 
  a legend says that the manager of a road construction project in my home town stole most of the gravel and used it at his home and they put the asphalt basically on dirt , so when it froze then it was all broken in places . 
  you had basic bread and sausage but anything of higher quality ( or meat products in general ) were a deficit . 
  some people knew someone with connections so they could get a real smoked sausage . 
  you could buy a car but had to wait ages for a car purchase permit . 
  also there were decades long waiting times to have a telephone line installed . 
  some words my grandmother told me `` put your shirt in your trousers , you 're not a russian ! '', 
  or `` do n't spit on the ground , only the russians do that ! '' . 
  so we really did n't like them . 
  they occupied us and they were and still are loud , dress too extravagantly for the modest estonians and so on . 
  also the problem with the russians was that the ones who were sent to estonia were n't exactly intellectuals - poets , writers or artists , they were simple factory workers with little or no cultural education . 
  so we 're used to thinking that the russians in st. petersburg or moscow are real russians , literate , intellectual and better behaved . 
  the problem in greece is not too low pensions but your cost of life is too high compared to gdp per person . 
  your pensions need to come down and your cost of living has to come down as well , since you do n't produce much and as far as i know there are n't many things you are known for , besides olive oil and beaches and tourism and constant striking . 
  in estonia the road is quite good to p\u00e4rnu , if the guys in latvia want to take the road through every village with stupid speed limits then it 's their problem with bad organisation :(, 
  to me it seems kind of pointless . 
  it 's main selling point by the politicians and project managers is passenger traffic but that would n't make it profitable , there has to be a lot of freight trains . 
  besides , i do n't think there would be many people going by train to warsaw from tallinn , it would still take a lot longer than by airplane and the cost would be the same . 
  so the next argument is `` local connections '' , but there would be only 2 or 3 stops in estonia . 
  and if the railroad ends at the polish-lituanian border then we have a road to nowhere , why would anyone want to go very fast . . to that border ? 
  the poles do n't care much about the rail project , so they do n't want to build an expensive railway that 's mostly useless for them . 
  then change the law . 
  rocket surgeons and brain scientists . 
  not really . 
  we are close to the finns , swedes and northern countries in general . 
  germany also . 
  nothing connecting us to france or italy , besides or amazement at how close the leaders of these countries are to putin always . 
  not really fed up . 
  or maybe i do n't see those who are totally wasted . 
  i 've seen some young finnish guys being a zombie at 23 in the evening on a friday , but most of them are quite ok . once i was in a craft beer bar where one guy had a notebook and wrote something about each beer he drank . 
  he said that he had drank 26 different beers in 2 days and 20 of them were estonian . 
  looked like a geek , maybe because craft beers are over 4 $ ( up to . . 6-7-8 $ ) a glass ( 0,33 usually ) , not something for ordinary drunkards . 
  so please continue to come here , if you are a normal person and do n't puke on the street :p, 
   so , plz , stop whining everybody about losing culture . 
  btw if a few thousand new inhabitants can change all this valuable western culture in an area , it seems to me , this culture has n't been that attractive in the first place . 
  they are attracted to the money , not culture . 
  how can the muslim people demand for us to change our rules for them if they do stupid stuff like that ? 
  if we decide to run around naked in a moslem contry then they will do some horrible stuff to us , if talk about banning their burkas then they will scream `` oppression !! '' . 
  that 's stupid . 
  the average really does n't help when it gets freezing cold during the night . 
  people can freeze to death even in june , when they get drunk and fall asleep in the bushes and its 10c during the night . 
  they do n't really freeze but it does n't take much to die of cold . 
  that 's really not a problem , most of the time it 's cold here , we need something that heats the room . 
  does n't matter if it 's a radiator and central heating or a light bulb . 
  the `` it wastes energy '' argument is invalid in the north . 
  these people wo n't be cheap labor forever , will they ? 
  they will demand pensions eventually . 
  will you bring then even more refugees in to work as cheap labor ? 
  they all want to come to germany , if she announced `` we wo n't take anyone anymore , we are full '' and deported everyone who came afterwards then they would stop coming . 
  why should the other countries have to suffer because she does n't want to say that there is a real limit and it has been reached ? 
  that 's why everyone is agains the quotas , the problem is caused by merkels sillyness . 
  sweden gives any refugee there a citizenship after 4 years , which is insane . 
  why would anyone want to migrate in a legal way , when the illegal way is so easy ? 
  claim asylum , wait 4 years and done . 
  currently the problem with all the countries is that the people who have overstayed their permits/time limits do n't get deported and just stay there , hidden from the government . 
  it helps that new houses have stricter rules , but all of the commie blocks are n't going become passive houses . . they need lots of heating . 
  it does n't come from electricity but in the winter we need lots of lighting , because it 's mostly dark . 
  if . . there are enough people who support the `` islam party '' then they can remove the laws and make new ones about stoning gays . 
  in february , it 's really cold here and there 's almost no wind . 
  at the same time the demand for energy ( heating , lighting ) is the biggest . 
  should we try and rely on wind power during that time ? 
  hell no . 
  the people who go `` hooray , we can use wind and water power for everything , no need for a power station to cover the base usage '' are lunatics who do n't have a connection to the real world . 
  have n't heard anything good about indian it companies , or it workers . 
  the companies that tried to open an office there or outsource some project all failed , from what i 've heard from people working at these companies . 
  they just say `` yes , yes '' to everything , then create a horrible mess that does n't work . 
  why should anyone have to pay for anything then ? 
  or is it ok if some people casually forget to pay for stuff once in a while ? 
  if it happens often enough then the price for people who actually pay for stuff will get higher . 
  the refugees were provided free clothes and stuff , but they just decided it 's ok to order new clothes and not pay for anything . 
  nice . 
  it 's good that there are parties that oppose the mainstream . 
  but it 's also bad that some of their ideas are sensible and most of them are total bullshit . 
  i think afd and marine le pen 's party were partially funded by putin and they were wery pro-russia/putin . 
  in estonia we have some parties that are anti-everything and all of their own ideas are totally bonkers , like `` we oppose what they are currently doing but . . lets have 10 % vat instead of 20 % , we do n't know how we 'll make up the deficit , vote for us !!, 
  the only bug is this - the certificates on the card have a negative modulo , which is n't allowed by standards but was n't checked by any software until chrome started doing it now . 
  there 's no bug in the software on the chip , just a certificate that wo n't work with chrome . 
  it can be fixed by updating the certificate . 
  heh , it 's sad ( for sweden ) that estonia has a bigger reserve army than sweden . 
  you germans are so obsessed with rules and laws . 
  if a law is stupid , then it should be changed . 
  if you have an asylum seeker who himself is being a criminal in your country then he should be deported and his asylum process stopped . 
  right now they are like invincible to any kind of german laws . 
  they can even kill someone and still get asylum accepted ? 
  where in northern europe , and what did you study ? 
  we 're not worried because of hitler germany or something , that 's totally irrelevant right now after so many years . 
  germany has changed and russia has n't . 
  we like the brits because they seem to care about russia and the current situation , germany is indecisive and would rather do business with russia than send troops somewhere . 
  their foreign minister is too much pro-putin sometimes . 
  well the javelins cost more than 50 million $ , which is n't nothing for us here . . 
  the point being made was that smaller countries have to buy stuff made elsewhere , so our military spending does n't support our own economy . 
  military spending in the us supports it 's own economy and companies , it creates jobs there . 
  we create jobs in other countries . 
  what kind of alcohol is your schaps ? 
  i have tasted some nasty german vodka , and a colleague who studied in germany for his phd and msc said that cold german vodka is still worse than warm vodka from ukraine or estonia . . maybe you do n't drink vodka because your vodka is just awful . 
  could the foreign minorities vote , if they were n't citizens ? 
  i was visiting london a few years ago and when we were buying our oyster cards the shopkeeper ( who had probably lived there his whole life ) spoke absolutely incomprehensible pakistani-english . . or something . 
  and when eating a soup in the british museum we were complimented on our good english by a group of 80-year old ladies who spoke perfect bbc english . 
  british delicacies . . like what ?
