  1 ) saaremaa i guess , also our swamps and bogs are popular with the nature lovers from western europe , because they do n't have them anymore . 
  2 ) there are chances of improvement but russia has to do some things : stop having huge military execrises at our borders officially say that estonia was occupied and did n't join voluntarily the soviet union . 
  return the official regalia of our first president ( the thing hanging around his neck http://g1.nh.ee/images/pix/file5711679_pats.jpg ) . 
  they put him in a mental asylum in 1940 and buried him in an unmarked grave when he died in 1956 . also stop saying that the collapse of the soviet union was a mistake that needs to be remedied . 
  russia needs to respect the will of other smaller countries , not treat them as something temporary . 
  russia wants respect - it should also respect others . 
  3 ) lots of jeans , hipster clothes are popular . 
  4 ) our cuisine is influenced a lot by germans . 
  so we eat sauerkraut , pork . . etc also , kama is something others do n't have i think . 
  also i think we use the same ingredients as russians do , kohupiim or https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%d0%a2%d0%b2%d0%be%d1%80%d0%be%d0%b3 is popular , for cakes and such . 
  i have the feeling that this slavic culture does n't really exist much , only in the mind of putin , to support his idea of having russia as the protector of all slavic people . 
  even when nobody wants his protection . 
  we just have enough of our own unskilled people in the eu already , why would we need more ? 
  it would be nice if the eu could solve the problems of growth and employment before letting in even more people who have absolutely no useful skills . 
  yes we already have enough jobless people without useful skills . 
  why should we need more of them ? 
  i agree with you , unfortunately it 's an unpopular opinion . 
  that 's just nuts . 
  there are n't `` a couple of thousand people a year '' http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_statistics there are hundreds of thousands . 
  and if it were known that the eu accepts everyone then there would be and endless stream of people who would n't be in any kind of othe danger than not having the latest iphone . 
  meaning - economic `` refugees '' . 
  the eu ca n't accept every poor person in the world . 
  even if there was some common policy , everyone would move to the states that offer the most benefits . 
  nobody would want to stay in romania or poland . . 
  how would that ( common policy ) prevent people from getting on ships and sinking in the sea ? 
  besides , it 's already possible to immigrate to the eu in a legal way , but these people on the ships wo n't be taken as immigrants as they have no skills . 
  how exactly should europe tackle that problem ? 
  build a wall at the shore so that nobody can get to the sea ? 
  we ca n't force the countries where these people come from to become rich and peaceful . 
  denmark is one of the most expensive places in europe , setting their wages as a target would be a bad idea . 
  1 euro in romania buys you a lot more than in denmark, 
  from what i 've heard on the internet from estonians who work in finland - when the clock turns 18 ( or at what time work should end ) then the finns drop their tools ( if at a construction site ) where they were standing and just leave . 
  instead of . . like finishing the current task and properly storing the tools . 
  also some estonian construction workers have been pressured by their finnish colleagues to spend more time on a task . 
  for example in a contract it was agreed and the bosses were told that something will take a week , when in fact it would take 2 days when working properly . 
  so when the estonian guy was working too fast he was told to stop it and fill the whole week with doing a little of something every day . 
  i 'm not against the us , but there is no compelling reason to move there . 
  the us was once ( 15-20 years ago ) seen as some kind of promised land where everything is good . . but it 's not . 
  and life here is good for a software developer , so there 's no reason to make a complete change in my life . 
  + free healthcare and education  yes i know i pay for it with my taxes , but i know that if i get a nasty disease then i will be taken care of and do n't have to fear huge bills from a hospital . 
  + ease of doing taxes , less bureaucracy . 
  i can do my taxes online , most of the data is prefilled , i just have to add if i sold some stock or had other profits besides my salary . 
  + . . other small things that are nice . 
  no , i have no reasons to move there . 
  as a programmer i have a better life here in estonia or in europe . 
  28 days of vacation , free healthcare and education . 
  all my friends and family are here . 
  and i read lots about how doing unpaid overtime is almost compulsory it-companies in the us . 
  fuck that , here we would get paid for overtime and where i currently work doing overtime is forbidden by the company . 
  maybe after they have demonstrated for a few decades , that they are trustworthy and wo n't elect another lunatic landgrabber as president . 
  the measure for change would be if the russian government officially acknowledged all the atrocities it commited during wwii and asked for forgiveness , like germany did . 
  currently they are denying everything or claiming that it was for the greater good or that it was the victim 's fault . 
  edit , bad spelling . 
  that 's why the eu should negotiate for all the countries . 
  it 's unfair that the countries in central europe can get a cheaper price because putin wants to have good relations with them and russia 's neighbours have to pay a lot more , because russia wants to fuck them . 
   we would have the case and need to arm ourself and keep a credible defense . 
  you need an even more credible defense when you are n't in the nato, 
  this was the stupidest idea ever , maybe in 200 years , when russia has become a proper country that does n't want to invade everyone . 
  all the countries that were occupied by russia were against it , but for some reason france and italy are very friendly with russia :(, 
  he was criticized because we though asking for us troops to be positioned here would not see any understanding by the us . 
  he was n't criticized for the idea of having us troops here , but because we thought that nobody would send men and machines here . 
  only the turks claim that there was no genocide . 
  their story is `` no genocide , you go to jail if you argue '' . 
  nothing to listen to there . 
  the median is also higher of course . 
  i think it 's worked out nicely . 
  our average salary is higher  i know that this is n't a good comparison but we are n't doing bad either . 
  estonia is becoming too expensive for companies that need lots of unskilled workers so we 're having trouble with some companies leaving . 
  ca n't teach it stuff to 50 year old factory workers . . 
  that 's garbage . 
  if they had strong unions that demanded higher wages for everyone then the industries that went there to open factories would just close them and move to another country with low wages and a lot of people would be unemployed . 
  which would you prefer - low unemployment and low stable wages or lots of unemployment and a bit higher wages ? 
  trying to force companies to pay more wo n't work , the structure of the economy has to change for that to happen . 
  music video about finnish bar life :d https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhecfkakrqo, 
  the smugglers do n't care about any international law or human rights , they are abusing them . 
  if the laws and treaties are stupid then they should be changed , not `` oh but their human rights '' blah blah . 
  i think he means a cafeteria , that only servers lunch . 
  we have these everywhere here . 
  a canteen is the proper word i think , as someone else said here . 
  warm food for 3-4 $ , so lunch takes usually max 30 minutes , less when it 's in the same building people work in . 
  so why does n't the table show estonia with 13,68 % ? 
  seems like garbage to me , when the numbers are totally wrong . 
  what does this 1,01 % show here ? 
  let them go to isis , then bomb them . 
  if they stay in france , uk or germany then they will just try to blow themselves up or do something similar . 
  maybe put a tracking device on them , or in their luggage , for easier bombing afterwards . 
  it 's just butthurt greek people forcing that name on macedonia . 
  i was at a student exchange where everyone had to introduce themselves and this greek girl burst into tears when a guy from macedonia said `` i 'm from macedonia '' . 
  lets just ban statistics when the statistics are bad !, 
  let 's stick our heads in the sand and close our eyes . 
  good idea . 
  that sounds really silly . 
  here we have the problem with people from countries without proper id - people who have a residence permit and are living here can vote on local elections , how do we know who they are ? 
  that they have already voted ? 
  it 's doable but complicated . . 
  it 's puzzling me as well . 
  when someone goes voting in the uk , how do they know that the person has n't voted before and is the same person that he claims to be . 
  how do government databases know that someone with the same name and date of birth ( can happen in a big country ) is different from another person with the same name . . and so on ? 
  and , so what ? 
  most of the world is worse off than europe , there are lots of wars , natural disasters and other stuff going on .
