  for example , estonia already has more than 20 % of immigrants left over from the russian occupation , who do n't want to learn our language or integrate , and now the eu tells us we should accept even more immigrants ? 
  also the word ` immigrant ' has a very bad image due to what happened during the russian occupation , in the whole eastern europe . 
  so you wo n't see any of those countries cheering for more immigrants . 
  this attitude is absurd . 
  you talk like this and expect other countries to give you even more money while telling us how you are defiant and seem to suggest that you wo n't change anything and will continue like before ? 
  the main use for the railroad would be freight . 
  they have already included that in the plans , it wouldb ' t be able to support itself with only passenger traffic . 
  everyone knows that here . 
  o'rly ? 
  should we accept any and all of them who claim toe be refugees , without asking questions ? 
  are the people who are trying to get on trucks to get to the uk in calais really refugees ? 
  i 'd say that most of them who come to the eu in boats or secretly over land are n't real refugees , because they could be safe closer to the place they come from , but they choose to take the risk and cross the mediterranean and then hope to find a nice life over here . 
  the only way to stop this is to make them not want to come here in the first place . 
  how is that possible ? 
  how does the state collect taxes on sold gas and diesel then ? 
  i would n't have gone to greece even before the banks closed because of their endless strikes , i would n't want to have my vacation ruined by railroad workers or air controllers or pilots striking and being stranded in an airport somewhere . 
  or not being able to take a bus somewhere . 
  reading news about a lot of strikes somewhere just does n't make the place seem to be a good place to travel to . 
  this is silly . 
  you lent money from private banks at a high interest rate . 
  the ecb , imf and esm/efsf gave you a loan so you could repay the high interest loans with a new one , which had a significantly lower interest rate . 
  you did n't get to spend the loan money given by the bailout , it was spent to repay the first loans that you did get to spend on pensions , benefits , the olympic games etc. 
  so you ca n't say that you have n't seen the money !, 
  greek people should stop using that argument . 
  for me erasmus = some people who only post pictures of parties and drinking on facebook during their exchange , and now a year after doing it are still posting pictures of drinking and telling everyone about `` the erasmus spirit '' . 
  so erasmus = lots of people drinking , do n't know if they learn anything at all during that time . 
  probably not because nobody posts pictures about that . 
  they could do with a pr person , who would tell every new erasmus student to not post pictures of parties or people sleeping on the floor , to make them look better and stop cultivating the image of `` erasmus = 6 months of party '', 
  why do you think that any othe state or organisation has the obligation to lend any money to greece ? 
  nobody has to lend them anything . 
  if greece wants anyone to lend them money then they have to both agree on the terms , they ca n't go about telling everyone how others should act and what to do . 
  the sanctions are there for a reason , they should be painful for the country . 
  they should eventually force russia to stop being a dick to others . 
  the bailout money was used to pay their earlier debts , so the new debt has a better interest rate and longer maturity . 
  stop claiming that the bailout money did n't help you . 
  today had an article about a head of local government going to a folk festival in greece he said they went to an ice cream kiosk to buy some for the whole group , but the person handling the kiosk just sat there , said it was lunch time and did n't want to sell them anything , he just sat there and did n't do anything else ( eat ? ), 
  either . 
  so . . hm . . what are we to think of you ? 
  i would n't go to greece as a tourist if there 's a high chance that during my visit they could suddenly start striking and i could n't go anywhere or had to change plans . 
  that seems to have been the norm there , a strike every now and then . 
  who would like to have their vacation plans being fucked up , because railway workers , airplane pilots or what not are striking again ? 
  what are they going to do ? 
  borrow even more money and increase their debt , just out of spite ? 
  simply post the net income , as everyone is doing . 
  workers and farmers were more repressed during the soviet occupation than before it , the word `` kulak '' was invented to describe anyone who was too wealthy or intelligent for the soviets . 
  had it not been for the soviet union who ordered the deportations , then there would n't have been any , so it 's the soviet union 's leadership who is responsible for that . 
  are you trying to justify the deportations or what 's your agenda here ? 
  btw there was an attempt on 1 . december 1924 to overthrow or government ( and join the soviet union after that ) by the communists but it failed miserably because they for some silly reason thought that the population would support them . 
  the communists were really unpopular after that , when they showed their true intentions . 
  russia was the main player in the soviet union , it annexed or occupied poland , czechoslovakia and other countries , who did n't want to have anything to do with the soviet union , so winning the war ( on the terms of the soviet union ) was a loss for poland.yes you freed them of the nazis but then should have left , not created a puppet government . 
  the order for deportations came from moscow , not tallinn , riga or vilnius . 
  the local administration was ordered to support the deportations , they were carried out by nkvd troops , not some local village chiefs . 
  so your attempts at distributing the responsibility for the deportations equally amongs everyone are futile . 
  it were the leaders of the soviet union who planned it and gave the orders . 
  because this probably would n't be a one time thing , they 'd force us to take these immigrants this time , then the next year it would be more . . and then again more . 
  there 's no end in sight for the flow of immigrants over the mediterranean . 
  the only thing that would stop them would be to send them all back , so they know that it 's pointless to come here . 
  does n't matter how many we take , we still wo n't solve any of africa 's problems . 
  there are already regulations in place for car chargers , estonia used money from co2 quotas to build a network on electric car charging stations across the country . 
  and these stations conform to some eu charging connector standard . 
  so i 'm surprised why it 's even relevant , that tesla builds some charging stations somewhere . 
  they should n't build their own , they should make their car so it can connect to those that already exist . 
  maybe because a lot of you want the soviet union back . 
  why not become a programmer when studying it ? 
  maybe i made a mistake by using `` it '' , here in estonia we use it as a broad term for programming , computer science , business-it and so on . 
  someone who has gone to a university has a broader grasp of many different areas . 
  some self-taught programmer probably wo n't bother with physics , electronics or statistics but later they could be very useful at work . 
  i would n't have thought that i need to know about different types of voice communication modulations that we were briefly told about during an introductionary course about `` communication '' , but now after doing web development for many years i 'm in a company that creates software for marine communications . 
  at university they tell you about things you had no idea about , someone who is self-learning will only learn about things he knows about . 
  it would n't work in the current eu , lets say russia creates some trouble in estonia , we wanted to use the european army here , but since france does n't feel threatened then they will veto sending the army to help . 
  a friend went to study in the netherlands for one year , he was studying it , when he returned then he said that everyone there wanted to become a manager and nobody wanted to be a programmer . 
  but who are the managers managing , if there are no programmers to manage ? 
  you are speaking the truth but unfortunately you will be labeled a racist and `` hate speech '' and other such broad labels will be given to anyone who opposes taking in massive amounts of refugees and not wanting to `` help '' them . 
  if they really wanted to escape a war in somalia or whatever place then they could move to another country in africa , but they choose to pay someone to get to europe . 
  that 's one reason for not letting them in , because we do n't have to , they are n't fleeing a war here . 
  the second reason is that europe ca n't be expected to help africa by accepting massive amounts of immigrants . 
  africa can only be helped by the people who live there who should fix their countries and get a proper education . 
  it 's a very rich continent in resources and land . 
  if they did n't wage war all the time ( and breed like rabbits ) then it would be a very nice place to live . 
  it wouldn '' t be just 1000 people this one time . 
  they would keep sending us more and more of them . 
  in 10 years it would be 10 000 . 
  most of our small towns and cities are smaller than that !, 
  `` give them jobs '' , easy to say . 
  what jobs ? 
  the government should create bogus jobs for people ? 
  they would send more , i 'm sure of it . 
  accepting 20k or 40k refugees into europe wo n't solve any of africa 's problems , there will always be more coming from there . 
  also nobody has said that it would be a one time thing or mentioned any kind of timeframe at all . 
  that 's an indication that once this batch of refugees is distributed they would want to take another . . and then another . 
  lithuania should take 710 refugees btw . 
  no , but the current problems are about unskilled refugees from africa . 
  in estonia we already have a couple of hundred thousand russians , who moved here during the last 70 years . 
  they are n't native people , many of them do n't speak our language and do n't want to learn it , they do n't respect our culture and state . 
  many of them do n't have a proper education and are unskilled . 
  why should we want more of people like those ? 
  we already have problems integrating our existing russians . 
  in estonia we had factories of our own , and roads and other stuff . 
  yes they built more factories but these were mostly pointless , as the raw materials were imported , the end products were moved back to soviet russia and the real reason for having the factories here was to provide a job for hundreds of thousands of russians they moved to estonia ( and latvia ) . 
  after the fall of the soviet union most of these big factories were closed down , since they did n't produce anything useful anymore , the technology was outdated and they could work because the soviet union provided cheap or free energy for them .
