  for centuries-old grudges , probably russia for being a big scary instable belligerent nuclear superpower bully with whom we fought lots of wars in the past . 
  at 21 . for those who do drink in sweden , that 's rather high . 
  also , q is rarely ever used except in some names . 
  needless to say , the metal band [ tr\u00f6jan ] ( https://seeyouinhell.files.wordpress.com/2007/02/trojan-cts.jpg ) were n't very cool when they came to sweden and suddenly the he\u00e4vy m\u00ebtal d\u00f6ts made their band name mean `` the sweater '' . 
  in the words of the great warrior poet sandor `` the hound '' clegane : fuck the king . 
  on a more serious note though , i think it 's a humilitating shame to still have a monarchy . 
  no one should be appointed head of state due to being the first sperm to reach the egg . 
  i think the royal family are probably nice people but the monarchy needs to be abolished in the name of democracy . 
  best : a former friend of mine was going away for a week , and was having a british couchsurfer over for the same week . 
  my circle of friends adopted him as a stand-in for our friend for the entire week and made him come along on all sorts of activities . 
  he was a truly amazing and interesting guy . 
  housing crisis is rampant . 
  rent : a flat that is at most 2 rooms and/or 50 m ^ 2 , assuming you can actually find someplace that will let you rent . 
  buy : good fucking luck . 
  buying a house or a flat in stockholm is crazy . 
  for a one-room 25 m ^ 2 flat in the inner city , you could easily have to pay 3 million sek ( about 318 000 eur ) . 
  from there , it just escalates . 
  my mother 's neighbour sold their house ( about 130 m ^ 2 . ), 
  in a nice neighbourhood close to the inner city for 12 million sek ( 1 272 000 eur ) . 
  normally when you buy , 15 % of that can not be paid with a loan , but has to be paid with savings . 
  banks can agree to skip this demand , but that normally means a higher interest rate . 
  for a low-income worker , saving for that advance is nigh-impossible . 
  anything indian that is vegetarian and not too spicy . 
  india has awesome veggie food . 
  i might add that there are a few towns and cities that consider their swedish to be `` standard swedish '' , such as nyk\u00f6ping or uppsala . 
  while they are relatively close to the kind of swedish considered standard , they have their own small dialectal quirks too . 
  the symbol means what people think it means . 
  but we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  to be fair , : - is used on price signs even with fractions , especially if they 're handwritten . 
  the one , only and true correct way , of course . 
  currency goes after the price . 
  so we 'd say 10 $ , 10 # , 10 $ etc. 
  the swedish currency , sek , is called * kronor * ( singular * krona * ) , which is written `` kr '' after the price . 
  this can also be expressed with a colon and dash , e.g. 
  10,45 kr , 9,95 : - , 150 : - and 270 kr . 
  commas are used for decimal points , but in day-to-day stuff it does n't matter if you use a dot or a comma . 
  never use commas or dots to barbarically separate digits in large numbers !!!, 
  instead , use a space after every third digit counting from the end of the number , e.g. 
  second hand clothing is normal . 
  among adults , it 's even a fashion choice for some people . 
  there need n't be 4-8 years between the votes , the only prerequisite is that a normal general election has been held . 
  thus , minor corrections and changes to constitutional legalese is often voted on in the months before a general election , so that the incoming parliament may confirm or reject the suggested changes . 
  where ? 
  i * need * to have that . 
  clothes-wise , sure . 
  i know handful of viking-era reenactors as well , but they do n't really commemorate anything as much as they recreate historic clothing . 
  yes , i agree . 
  as is so tragically often the case , the moral thing to do gave way to great powers ' geopolitical aims . 
  the baltic extradition is a shameful thing . 
  i , for one , advocate strongly for a closer cooperation and community between all baltic sea countries , regardless of cultural differences . 
  reenactors do n't really have to commemorate anything . 
  many of the reenactors i know are more into recreating historical things . 
  i 'm not a reenactor as such , but i know and share many interests and hobbies with a lot of medieval reenactors . 
  a big thing for them is [ the battle of wisby ] ( http://www.medeltidsveckan.se/en/battle-of-wisby ) fought in 1361 on the island of gotland in the baltic sea . 
  potatoes and herring , just like * all * major holidays . 
  but this time with eggs . 
  mongolia , for example , can display extreme differences as well . 
  temperatures can reach 40 degrees in the summer and -40 in the winter . 
  such climate is common in places that are far from large bodies of water . 
  that said , i 'm surprised to find it in * romania * . 
  `` remind me dmitri , how do you voter fraud ? '', 
  `` dammit , do i have to tell you every election ? 
  just add like 46 % to united russia and send the numbers to tv ! '', 
  `` oh , right . 
  spasibo vasily . 
  i ca n't imagine the unendurable pain of having a burgundy passport . 
  i understand brexit now . 
  no no no , [ palme ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assassination_of_olof_palme ) was shot on a friday night . 
  it 's quite an achievement to grow up in sweden and not learn english . 
  seriously . 
  when i was in the swedish equivalent of highschool , some 10-12 years ago , i remember that we were shocked when we heard that one girl in our year had managed to grow up in sweden * without learning english * . 
  i mean , like , truly shocked and in disbelief . 
  `` how the hell can you not know english ? 
  '' , as one guy said . 
  `` a few '', 
  salmiakki pizza ? 
  really ? 
  noon-ish , when my colleagues finish their lunch so that they can take my spot in the reception while i 'm having my lunch . 
  i 'm not sure how they would handle it , to be honest . 
  i suppose it just makes some secretary 's job really shitty for the upcoming weeks . 
  your country is all cool and that , but your foreign policy is shitty . 
  we like nato and all that , but the `` invading small latin american countries because they threaten american corporate profits '' part is totally a dick move . 
  ca n't say i care all that much , i do n't think it 's norse mythology . 
  it 's just american pop culture that happen to borrow a few characters from it . 
  being a native stockholmer , i have to agree . 
  they get lots of curse words whenever something does n't work , but i think the service is acually good and quite punctual . 
  riding the metro in rush hour in the morning is a cramped pain however , but i think that 's one of the realities of living in a city of over a million . 
  no , but i listen to bands in dutch and german which i can only partially understand . 
  it 's big and very diverse . 
  lots of people with different religions and languages . 
  the capital is new delhi ( known from a popular song in 1994 ) . 
  hinduist gods have many arms sometimes . 
  the ganges river is important to many people because reasons . 
  kashmir is a touchy subject . 
  queues are entirely optional . 
  just skip to the front if you 're in a hurry , everyone will understand . 
  be sure to engage in small talk with locals on public transport . 
  please remind us of : * the times that we forcibly sterilized people deemed unfit * the amounts of iron ore we sold that enabled the nazi war effort * the fact that swedish research at uppsala university was pioneering the field of eugenics in the 20s and 30s * the ways the government treated our sami minority constantly talk about the `` rape capital of the world '' , we love to hear that stuff !, 
  it 's not at all wrong !, 
  feed the canada geese , we totally do n't at all hate them and the way they poop all over good picnic spots !,
