   when you say things like that , there is no need to continue before you get some education . 
  or learn some respect . 
  teach me you 150iq german overlord , please , and teach who was the leader of poland during the ww1 , which side did poland take , who lead the army . 
   haters gon na hate , ignorants gon na ignore . 
  have a nice day . 
  historical accuaracy means hate ? 
   not worth my time . 
  i 'm sure you have things more important than denying history on reddit . 
  not my problem you ca n't take a joke . 
  you in a nutshell  you ca n't lose a debate if you ignore others arguments and call them uneducated . 
  poland did n't existed during ww1 and barely existed in ww2 , for a long time the union was more on defense , do n't know any substantial territories conquered by them not even sure of they could manage that with the political system . 
  yeah they did great in austria and they even won the war with sweden , another victory like that with sweden and they 're doomed . 
  and later the union will be destroyed and poland will not exist for a century . 
   butthurt me ? 
  i 'm not the now that made a comparasion with the romanian military history which if you add the moldavia and wallachia it really has a rich military history against polish , ottoman and austrians forced for centuries and did n't lost our indepence . 
  yes, 
  but is true . 
  you ca n't have a bad military history if you did n't had a military history . 
  from 1-10 i rate this with american movie grade . 
   but i agree , the polish war effort is greatly under appreciated . 
  yeah , surrender in 1 month is a great effort . 
  seems fair , us took over in 2001 and now the russian turn came , then us will arm the rebels , take over , rinse and repeat . 
   house of cards tier move by the president . 
  lol , house of card tier my ass . 
  one word : soros, 
  what ? 
  wtf ? 
  he can veto it more than once anyway ? 
  no , i do n't want to buy you news . 
   so who 's choosing supreme court judges in your country ? 
  not politicians ? 
  lord jesus . 
  not for polish government . 
  do you belive that the cia does n't have plans to replace putin with someone more `` opened '' to the west ? 
  let 's just look at their history . 
   to be replaced by king otto i hope ? 
  / u/jan _ hus joined the plot against king otto i, 
   i have to look for a big bad and hairy guy [ mfw ] ( http://www.ipedia.ro/o_stiri/1184.jpg ), 
  i support your independence . 
   / joke ??? 
  are you talking about our supreme leader kovesi ? 
  [ here ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/ka9wcth35n3ak/giphy.gif ) is she sending a message to the corrupts . 
  do n't worry , the current leading party wants to make sure that she wo n't be a threat to the corrupts for long . 
   im going to calaras in 2 days . 
  is your zoo really that good ? 
  not from calaras but i know that there the mayor lost his mayorship when he entered the parliament then he left the parliament and was elected mayor of calaras again . 
  our brothers in corruption . 
  i like that muscovy took all the territories bordering sweden . 
  1 no opinion , the country is far away , nobody cares in romania about argentina and i think is the same ? 
  2 , 3 , 4 the answear is eastern europe cheap , good food , a lot to visit , beautiful gurls , crazy life . 
  check romania map, 
  yeah , wealthier romanians lives in blues zones too . 
   it 's a borrelhap still no ideea what that means . 
  crepes i think, 
  have a nice day to all of you . 
  let 's go other step further , ban everything outside of hre, 
  too bad you did n't included the temperature posts, 
  charles king be like hold my beer noobs . 
  rip, 
   you can keep him i do n't know if this is bad or not, 
  armenia , bulgaria , czech republic , germany , croatia , georgia , greece , hungary , lithuania , macedonia , republic of moldova , montenegro , netherlands , poland , romania , serbia , slovakia , slovenia , turkey , ukraine , united kingdom , and the united states, 
  is perfectly now in summer , my balls are kinda sweaty anyway, 
  i thought i would see someone shitting in the sea, 
  [ this should count to ] ( http://www.timesnewroman.ro/files/attach/images/127/576907/tariceanu_mananca_ciocolata.jpg ), 
  stop making shitty threads, 
   t\u00e2rg in romanian is shorter anyway , we steal something from everyone not literally of course or probably yes , sometimes . 
  but it can into deluge, 
  can you live in there ? 
  do n't give ideas to our politicians man . 
  germania , romania , semintele acelasi gust are, 
  keep up the good work romania, 
  literally shitpost, 
  on christmas, 
  oh for christ 's sake see ? 
  that 's why we ca n't have nice borders, 
  still missing lgbtm and his accounts . 
   polish society is definitely doing something and that is good for them . 
  i am glad to hear their stances on the topic, 
  because a lot kings does n't defend their country because they love it but because they will lose their power if they do n't defend it , if a king kills his opositon and the next year he will defeat a muslim invasion he is a hero ? 
  meanwhile europeans are viewed as heroes when they stop other religion invasion yeah because empires where built to spread religion . 
   what kind of bullshit comment is that even ? 
  that is my comment . 
  luna lui coptor , does n't ring a bell ? 
  yeah , europeans did n't invaded other nations outside of europe . 
  4th reich incoming . 
  like this ? 
  r/circlejerk is life, 
  let 's make our own subreddit , with scumbags and heroes of europe . 
  / u/floyddit necessary mention, 
  hero of greece maybe, 
  if forced labour camps are prisons then yes gulags are prisons . 
  yeah because a lot of them did n't even reached prisons , they were killed or send to gulags . 
  1939 worst year of my life, 
  can you catch fish on the street ? 
  he revoked the pardon, 
  wow italy , 7 metro systems , nice, 
  china be like : hold my beer, 
  if we started posting them we are going to be banned for spam . 
  yeah , ended with their beloved leader in jail, 
  romania is bigger , we had a lot of mines and the miners liked the communist because they had jobs iliescu was the leader of fsn , first party , mostly communists , he said the party will not participate in the the elections but that was not true and then the other parties started a protest and then iliescu called the miners to deal with fascist intelectualls and restore order .
