  this has become a monthly topic . 
  inb4 grave spinning jokes . 
  kebab and shaorma . 
  who said is a `` bucharest-only thing '' ? 
  so to be even we will take eastern hungary . 
  time for 3rd war . 
  fuck it bulgaria , i 'm out of here . 
  he impaled his enemies to strike fear in their armies to compensate for his smaller army when ottomans will invade again . 
  romania vlad \u021aepe\u0219 aka the vampire how is nicknamed by the foreigners was betrayed by his brother radu the beautiful who had a relationship with ottoman sultan mehmed ii and he then became the ruller of wallachia with the ottoman support . 
  and no , he does n't drink his enemy blood . 
  is the same thing ? 
  this seems like a ramsomware and if russians attacked a romanian institution money is the last thing they 'd want . 
  seems like the hospitals computers are not updated and probably a lot worldwide , why people do n't give a shit about security ... 
  ketchup is next . 
  you do n't know our former president . 
  romania stronk, 
  https://youtu.be/-myeyyvu7zm https://youtu.be/yefwqem868m http://www.nwradu.ro/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/uda_florile_pe_ploaie.jpg, 
  seems fair , the flowers were wet af, 
  tigan vasluian checks out, 
  better than romanians watering the flowers while raining . 
   liberum veto you wan na say that one single man can send back any law ? 
  si marihuane ? 
  mehmed neither . 
  prussia , russia and austria happened, 
  blue uk ? 
  triggered . 
  i wish eu would be more like usa . 
  the only year we should celebrate is 1989, 
  of course stalin did nothing wrong !!!!!!!!!, 
  nothing to celebrate , soviet union destroyed my country and other eastern countries . 
  vive la france, 
  too bad that this symbol is now considered evil damn nazis . 
  that reminds me of the hell church from romania . 
  not a single one in norway ? 
  but now is official . 
  time to party ? 
  after macron victory i will go at the_donald for that autistic screeching reac\u021bions . 
  why , does n't the italians wan na buy them to make ketchup for their pizza ? 
  in romania the third day of may is called maitreyi, 
  good job france ,, 
  pope called for a crusade, 
  hai boss pe discord sau ai permanent ? 
  what 's the joke , is about brexit ? 
  because other countries allowed them to , did n't raise a finger about german rearming program . 
   on september 21 , general maurice gamelin ordered french units to return to their starting positions on the maginot line . 
  some french generals , such as henri giraud , ** saw the withdrawal as a wasted opportunity and made known their disagreement with it . 
  not in romania . 
  `` if we did not collapse already in the year 1939 that was due only to the fact that during the polish campaign , the approximately 110 french and british divisions in the west were held completely inactive against the 23 german divisions . 
  why not ? 
  ok , declare war on germany only , watch how germany invade poor poland , wait for germany to invade the rest of the europe ??? 
  because he was n't in hitler 's situation . 
  or maybe invade germany in 1939 while their troops were in poland and finish the war ? 
  or maybe help their ally poland when they were invaded ? 
  so is ok , hitler grew in 19th too , hitler did nothing wrong no ? 
  because he grew up in 19th , very logic . 
  and that helped poland a lot , thank you uk . 
  was n't uk in the side of hitler when he annexed sudetenland from the czechoslovakia ? 
  poor czechs, 
  yeah , poland was helped a lot during 1939 , thank you france and uk . 
  no respect for churchill tho ', 
  it 's visible like belgium i 1941 . 
  \u00cen rom\u00e2nia : `` soros is paying 100lei for a protester , 50lei for a children and 25 lei for a dog . '', 
  gib that romanian flag back belgium . 
   and manele you said it like is something bad . 
  yea , they will probably blame ciolos, 
  do n't give them ideas . 
  what will they do when soros die , i 'm curious to know who will they blame then . 
  starts in 1444 as poland march, 
  their real capital is bucharest . 
  it 's called workers day is n't it . 
  [ romania : `` hold my beer '' ] ( https://youtu.be/lzoid4ahurs ), 
   slow down germany , you ok ? 
  thank you , now i will go at the supermarket to buy 3-4 mici casserole and tecuci mustard to celebrate it . 
  [ let the grill smoke rise ] ( https://youtu.be/4-seiglngda ), 
  who does that ? 
  time to bring back \u021beapa, 
   these are popular in all balkan countries ... like adidas, 
  it is , hundred years old made from mei . 
  sorry , i do n't speak kebabish . 
   but at least y' all fragmented the ottomans maybe i 'll just exile myself in one of those countries . 
  did n't the ottomans released those countries by himself ? 
  ok , ok , i will stop eating that much , i will eat a casserole of mici instead of 2 , my liver can take it . 
  minced meat with a mixture of spices fried on a grill served with mustard . 
  yeah , he do n't eat his mititei with mustard , that 's savage . 
  minced meat with a combionation of spices . 
  we call them both and yes , of course we eat them with mustard . 
  what ? 
  of course , but you get the beer, 
  what better argument do you need except hereditary monarchs ? 
  hahah , huge responsability , monarchy is bad joke . 
  like our [ leader ] ( http://www.kmkz.ro/sites/default/files/retrieve_images/dinti-dragnea-1.jpg ) , is good that he is not a full time dictator but a wannabe dictator lol . 
  kings in 2017 wow . 
  it 's called journalism . 
  meanwhile in bucharest is hot af, 
  more like western europe . 
  wow , looks like romanian political campaigns . 
  nice flair though . 
  romanian top quality battlesheep . 
  ok , thanks , nice flair btw , is the reserve you country link relevant ? 
  how does the map look like or we start from 1444 ?
