  wow , i cam only dream about a 2 lanes highway but this wtf . 
  the next protest after everyone left it was clean like it was never before , there was a campaign to clean the streets before we leave, 
  the leader of alde , part of coalition said that he knows why british left , they did n't wanted eu to tell them what to do , he is a shitty person anyway , he is investigated by dna . 
  do n't listen to the snake , we want them to revoke the ordinance , resign and election !, 
  they won because people did n't go to vote , they got 3 millions from 18 millions of eligible voters, 
  we must not forgot our bros when they will need support , europe stronk !!!, 
  europe united !, 
  romania stronk, 
  and only if it is not higher than 200.000 lei, 
  longer video but the quality is not so good https://youtu.be/s7aqpn3q5dk, 
  thanks to all the bulgarians who supports the fight against corruption . 
  ohh man , that 's so nice, 
  come aliens , we are ready, 
  kaiserreich someone ? 
  some supporters started some violence , fucking primitives . 
  respect for our boys in blue . 
  this is got but romanian version . 
  your flair triggered me, 
  2000 are in the front of the government right now in bucharest and others in major cities , we had 100k peoples who protested against this but they did n't care at all, 
  we are doomed , i ca n't even know what to think right now, 
  wow , just look where the castle is , i would n't want to work there in my life . 
  eli5 how do they managed too build those castles in those mountain terrain ? 
  never heard of your country sorry, 
  can i get the 2 images ? 
  r/hungary triggered hihi, 
  were are burritos ? 
  like the rest of eastern europe after '45, 
  where are you prussia, 
  he is, 
  he stopped the emergency ordinance for the pardons of corrupt politicians and the modification of laws to reduce prison time , fees and decriminalize some corruption acts by going to government official meeting , the pm lied that no ordinance was prepared but it was later leaked as false and they would do it, 
   the citizens want to organize a coup d'\u00e9tat ? 
  no , the politicians are organizing the coup d'\u00e9tat !, 
  they want to deliver a coup de gr\u00e2ce to romania . 
  [ dragnea right now ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/012/073/7686178464_fdc8ea66c7.jpg ), 
  no problem , only if you would want to visit the government where the protests take place , the traffic is going to be blocked by the protesters , restaurants full but you have a lot of other alternatives to go at night . 
  this will free every person who need to stay in jail less than 5 years , including rapist , thiefs , criminals , those who are responsible for colectiv fire where 64 died and of course a lot of corrupt politicians . 
  * 30.000 in bucharest at least , source : i was there * cluj media say 5000 * iasi/sibiu 2000 * timisoara 1000 * the other cities fewer than 1000, 
  is family feud still a thing there ? 
  details , details, 
   that 's the one that pays women to run around topless , right ? 
  nice, 
  like this : `` gremany aggressikn thretan russia we will mobilize more troops, 
  i hope they wo n't return to germany with klaipeda . 
  being in league with romania of course, 
  hey r/bulgaria , who ia she ? 
  now remove the number of immigrants . 
  i will leave here this great site , the only yt cooking channel i watch and the recipes are great , damn you greeks . 
  http://akispetretzikis.com/en/recipes/top-rated and [ youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uccbnhnmuleu1oonylppirqq ), 
  [ standard romanian winter ] ( https://mediastiriv1.freenode.ro/image/201701/w295h180/media-148476289296125300.jpg ), 
  slots aka p\u0103c\u0103nele in romanian , this is sad but funny af, 
  are you from albania ? 
  nice albania . 
  she 's right , crimea is not ukrainian and it never was but how it was taken from ukraine must not be tolerated . 
  \u00cen my country my parents lives in the coutryside and they grew animals like pigs and i store the remains and i take it there to give them to pigs , the bones go too dogs , i 'm crazy or what ? 
  what i need to do to get polish citizenship ? 
  i 'm the only one who does n't waste any food remains ? 
  is prostitution legal \u00een russia ? 
  you are against legalization of marijuana ? 
  thank you auto-correct, 
  i tought they added it after the coup but i was not sure , thanks for clarific\u0103rii . 
  what punishment he will get ? 
  death penalty ? 
  he is suspect still hea beat and tortured . 
  what about third reich ? 
  i wish rom\u00e2nia could build them at least with half of that speed . 
  a puppet government was installed in romania by the necromancer dragnea . 
  this means the roma = the tree of civilization confirmed . 
  since when were gypsies latins ? 
  i did n't wrote it for romanians tough . 
   the former psd government fell in november 2015 after a deadly fire at a bucharest nightclub prompted protests against government corruption . 
  while brussels has called on romania to tackle graft since it entered the european union in 2007 , analysts believe the new government may seek to slow down the fight against corruption . 
  very cold indeed but at least i leave this shity country, 
  better than nothing, 
  ok , packing my things , finland here i come . 
  i did n't said that , i just wanted to make it clear that is not the eu fault but our politicians . 
   gypsies triggered, 
  they offer 500 euros if you are unemployed too ? 
  the eu funds are mostly \u00een some politicians pockets and some romanian/foreign companies , the contracts with the state is something normal for the local barons who uses for themself , the problem is not that we received lesa funds but the problem is how they were used , even if we got 1000 trilions the things would remain the same , the problem here ia not eu but our thief politicians . 
  and it went in politicians pockets . 
  but what about the thiefs ? 
  a friend who returned from spain stealed a recipe of potato tortilla ( or tortillia ?? ), 
  and was so delicious, 
  because peoples does n't know her , she is not orthodox , she is a foreigner and the party that proposed her used a campaign against foreigners and their voters thinks that the actual president is taking their money and is sold to soros ( president have german roots ) . 
  everybody was surprinsed about her , i never heard about her \u00een my entire life . 
  \u0218i those were not ghosts ? 
  fuck man . 
  no , the president does n't veto nobody , he propose the pm to the parliament but if a party or a coalition get 50 % +1 in parliament he will negociate with them who he will propose so that the parliament will accept it . 
  president can propose anyone but if the parliament does n't accept it 2 times the president can dissolve the parliament and early elections will follow . 
  the chances for iohannis to be suspended are 100 % but the chances to be dismissed are 0,001 % , the problem with sevil is she related to 2 politicians who have law problems , her godfathers are liviu dragnea who proposed her to be pm and is convicted for vote fraud and nicusor constantinescu who is a dirty pig , i ca n't even describe this guy , he is so obnoxius and other problem is her husban who supports assad and hezbolah , probably got his romanian citezenship illegal under psd government . 
  i 'm surprised by campania tough, 
   `` i 've carefully weighed arguments for and against , and i have decided not to accept this proposal . 
  therefore , i call on the psd-alde coalition to make another proposal , '' president iohannis said on tuesday , in a short public statement . 
  ... or maybe they are in ukraine, 
  how do you put 400k soldiers in kaliningrad ? 
  yep , everything gone wrong soros is accused , very normal \u00een eastern europe tough . 
  but who ia playing erdogan then ? 
  that photo with erdogan got me some memories about our communist dictator who had pictures with him in every school , but at least erdogan is not a dictator and respect the freedom of peoples . 
  one word : soros, 
  you are talking about a country where 3 millions voted for the coalition for family ? 
  does n't matter , we have german sas as president , the main problem is the man who proposed her is her godfather and the other godfather is fat , corrupt piece a shit who 's car was entering the intersection while he was sleeping drunk as fuck and he is investigated in more than ten files and that 's not all omg .
