soros e de vina . 
  i 'm sorry for you , experiencing that kind of slow internet ... 
  but there is r/the _ donald i can see everyday posts from this sub on r/all trump support there is huge and an memes support and it really worked . 
  why germany ? 
  thanks . 
  wife 20k ? 
  warships only 1 $ , what a time to be alive . 
  you do n't say ? 
  \u00cen 2018 we celebrate 100 years of union after we united with transylvania and moldova ( whi h was lost 22 years later ) . 
  justice served . 
  tariceanu disapproves . 
  at least \u00een our country cannabis was legalizeze some time ago . 
  where plz ? 
  butthurt ? 
  our largest party is ruled by an idiot convicted for vote fraud and people still likes him , mostly elders . 
  the corruption fight is so dangerous that most of the corrupt politicians started a smear campaign against the anti-corruption national agency and it 's leader kovesi . 
  viva espana our latin brothers . 
  and he did n't even finish . 
  but the +50 % law passed and will be efective from 2017, 
  make eastern europe great again . 
  not even a destination for refugees . 
  the fuck ? 
  there are a lot of muslim \u00een bulgaria that this was needed ? 
  you 're right, 
  i never a had a problem with them if that 's what are you saying . 
   the game is currently on sale , and thus we can get more players . 
  it ' t cheaper on g2a though . 
  i see a lot of protests lately . 
  seems like a european spring . 
  i need more, 
  not / u/ganymedero ? 
  sell them, 
  50plus seems like romanians rulling party . 
  what is the largest in the world ? 
  unvaccineted kids are not allowed to go to school and some parents do n't care about that or healthcare benefits or whatever , actual governemnt does n't give a fuck about anything except stealing as much as they can and pardon themself from jail . 
  some of them bribe the doctor and others probably thinks home education is better and they fear that their kids could learn about sex and protection in schools , get their kids infested by the other kids who got vaccinated or whatever reason they got . 
  i will quote paula rusu : `` the epidemic that olivia steers adepts do n't talk about , we , the rest , we count the bodies '', 
   surprisingly effective . 
  you do n't know romania enough, 
  they arent ' t allowed . 
  source ? 
  and why do you bring roma minority in discussion then ? 
  there are pleces were romanians and gipsies have the same situation because of this corrupt government who does n't do anything to help them . 
  what are you talking about , olivia steer lead the anti-vaccination propaganda and she fools a lot of parents and kids who died were not vaccineted mostly because they parents did n't wanted it , i see that a lot of what are you posting is pro-romani people even when is not the case . 
  good job turkey . 
  the dacians invented the internet centuries ago though . 
  odc master race, 
  nice name, 
   and it does appear that wallachia is still alive somehow lol . 
  time to impale some turks . 
  nice , i ca n't find the twitch channel that streams the games if they are streamed anymore , i hope my beloved wallachia was not eaten . 
  i do n't blow people sorry , i usually let others blow me, 
  neah , i do n't bomb people , i impale them . 
  syria have latin inscriptions isis : not anymore, 
  there will be another eu4 campaign ? 
  true, 
  r/st \u00e2nga \u00ees leaking, 
  three men are being investigated by police after allegedly imprisoning the women and filming the ` kidnap ' on their phones , according to local media . 
  the lidl workers could be heard laughing after allegedly trapping the women in a cramped , caged area used to store the bins at the supermarket in follonica , italy . 
  the roma women could be heard wailing and screaming as they tried to escape . 
  make romania great again huh ? 
  insulting the crown , the fuck ? 
  luke russia is not a enough ? 
  ohhh mexico , i love your tacco pizza, 
  til lol, 
  insert thank you gif here, 
  [ pissing in romania ] ( https://i.redd.it/p2bsbhj5k7hy.jpg ), 
  i said after elections , the party who caused the protests won with 53 % because of people staying home and not voting , because of them we now stay hours in in cold , rain or snow , 18 % of the voting population decided the fate of the rest . 
  nooope , i will remain an darkest hour player . 
  not in romania , the thiefs must dodge jail somehow , i lost my hope in romania after the last elections where this corrupt party won because of people staying home and not voting, 
  darkest hour, 
  why ? 
  i feel you , my eyes are still burning . 
  i 'm romanian and i can confirm this , i 'm so triggered right now . 
  germany have beach , anschluss ? 
  do n't worry man , they are doing this for 27 years . 
  [ ciolos :( ] ( https://youtu.be/ap4nvdeotqw ), 
  romania be like : '' hold my beer '', 
  i hope merkel wins , go merkel . 
  saw the picture ? 
  i agree . 
  last song name ? 
  nice ireland, 
  probably because you have cancerous friends ? 
  so use it , fb do n't bite . 
  ask them on fb, 
   pufuleti usernume relevant, 
  western europe is western europe but here in romania the corruption is the main problem , we should fix it first and then will see, 
  do n't give them ideas, 
  the ordinance was repealed and the minister of justice resigned , the governement is next . 
  romania stronk, 
  of course , do you think dacians dissapeared ? 
  yes , if you say ia not true is fake news . 
  if is not romania then i aggre with you . 
  now take a photo to compare it with winter, 
  is not obvious ? 
  stealing our honey, 
  rom\u00e2nia be like : hold my bear fools, 
  nice one , i loled, 
  it is the badass guy who do n't run from artillery shelling .
