oh i did , but again i do n't think you follow what i mean . 
  i do n't think you follow what i mean, 
  pretty sure belarus , eastern ukraine + crimea , serbia , srpska and kaliningrad are all ongoing revolts . 
  funny because i 've been calling your bullshit out ; between making erroneous links and hypocritical stances . 
  this could be an incorrect interpretation as more scots are leaning towards the eu over the uk . 
  whilst more ruk nationals are leaning towards brexit seeing, 
  actually no , the date was last updated mid 2016 for that fiscal year . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that as i 've proven before , gdppc will not decline unless population grows faster than gdp growth - which it has n't , thus , the gdppc will be even higher now . 
  as a result , you 've actually proven yourself that scotland is wealthier per capita than england , and thus given it has a higher tax rate , thus results in a greater overall revenue proportional to population which explains why scotland spends more per head than the uk . 
  which is why i said from a scottish perspective ; i was pointing out my personal problems with the question and it would be nice if one explained without a snidy insinuation, 
  `` do you consider yourself as a spaniard or a member of the spanish nation '' ; funnily enough , from a scottish perspective , i am a member of the uk and am british and scottish - until we go independent , we will still be a member of the uk regardless of whether we want to be or not , and we will still be british for those who were born prior to independence ( but also given anyone born on the isle of britain is technically british ) . 
  so that 's a pretty moronic question if you ask me . 
  pretty sure hmrc and scotgov ; you know the literally sources i 've already provided show scotland 's gdppc at $ 44,100 and the uk 's as a whole at $ 42,300 . 
  it shows # 26,500 for the scottish population equating to $ 44,100 : http://www.gov.scot/topics/statistics/browse/economy/qna2015q4 whilst i 'm pretty sure this is the scottish government official figures ^ and shows the uk 's as a whole on # 25,350 going to $ 42,300 . 
  http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2016/01/weodata/weorept.aspx?sy=2014&amp;ey=2021&amp;scsm=1&amp;ssd=1&amp;sort=country&amp;ds=.&amp;br=1&amp;c=112&amp;s=ngdp_r%2cngdp_rpch%2cngdp%2cngdpd%2cngdp_d%2cngdprpc%2cngdppc%2cngdpdpc%2cngap_npgdp%2cpppgdp%2cppppc%2cpppsh%2cpppex&amp;grp=0&amp;a=&amp;pr.x=91&amp;pr.y=9 whilst you keep using gva and ignoring gdp ; gva , funnily enough , is affected by bot , something you deemed irrelevant . 
  whilst also seeking growth irrelevant to something which is the sole reason of a gdp decline . 
  anything that shows your claims to be bullshit is either irrelevant or dismissible ; anything that backs your claim , even if it a ) is completely meaningless in context or has nothing to do with the point , aka your talks on gva to somehow undermine gdppc and b ) contradicts prior points such as dismissing bot then using gva . 
  unionist lies , contradictions and incoherent points = / = facts not decent arguments . 
  yeah , because that makes sense , 
  pretty sure the official scottish government and hmrc receipts are as official as you 're gon na get  whilst the oil drop , not crash , has affected the growth of the scottish economy , but also the uk 's ( although not as prominently ) , but does not cause the gdp per capita to decline unless there is negative growth , which funnily enough , is not happening . 
  buzzwords + erroneous claims = / = fact nor intellect, 
  scotland 's gdp per capita , if you actually checked the official figures from the source i provided , is over $ 44,100 and the uk 's as a whole is over $ 42,000 ; meaning that scotland is wealthier , and combined with paying higher taxes , thus has a higher revenue proportionally . 
  did n't realise how can someone can have their eyes wide shut , like yourself , to everything relating to fact . 
  it 's funny because someone does n't understand how a wealthier country per capita which pays more taxes somehow pays less in taxes overall . 
  oh that 's right : because basic maths that a 4 year old can figure out shows that bigger numbers + bigger numbers = even bigger numbers . 
  i really hope this dumbed down explanation shows how moronic your claims are . 
  so a country who pays more overall is going to have more spent on it - this is unrelated to deficit . 
  whilst the # 15bn deficit was taken into account for the calculations but also comes from the fact we borrowed for the skye and forth road bridges in 2015 which accumulates to the fiscal deficit . 
  whilst your response to my first quote makes literally no sense . 
  in fact , it shows you know literally nothing about economics . 
  it 's also funny because you also forget deficit and debt is reserved , meaning the scottish parliament have to request it over and above the uk-wide gap . 
  so when scotland had its westminster budget cut and made up with a debt deficiency , something that we had no say in - then had to borrow money to build a skye and forth road bridges after pays a large sum to mitigate the costs of the cut in the westminster budget along with the loss of transport expenditure from westminster due to the lup - all resulted in a higher deficit . 
  so yes , scotland did have a higher deficit that year ; but has since gone down dramatically . 
  i 'm not adding the same things multiple times nor confusing the trade deficit with a fiscal deficit . 
  and i think you fail to realise that , but do go on spouting erroneous claims . 
  i answered your first point with the quote you highlighted in your second point . 
  and regarding your second point ; bot very much affects a country 's deficit . 
  take venezuela , due to imports increasing in price and their economy so heavily focused on oil ( 95 % ) , they simply could n't afford to keep going and spiralled into debt ; they recently had to pay off a huge chunk off said debt with essentially their last remaining gold reserves in switzerland . 
  their deficit comes entirely from the fact they 're importing more than they 're making from exports ; granted , their collapsing economic system as a result of this has dramatically worsened their debt - but bot does impact on your overall deficit - so bot must be taken into account . 
  first point , very untrue . 
  the uk 's transport budget and the scottish transport budget are very different . 
  the scottish budget , or the holyrood budget as it 's better known given its directly controlled by the scottish parliament , is unaffected by the barnett in any shape or form ; and i am not referring to this budget . 
  the westminster budget is meant to allocate so much to england , scotland , wales and northern ireland ; whereby after england 's reserves are dealt with ( aka laws and regulations controlled in budget by the devolved parliaments with england 's equivalent ) and excess funds , the barnett formula is then applied . 
  westminster as a whole then votes on how the budgets are spent and allocated with the chancellor deciding the money and reserve of each budget . 
  so no , we do n't get to decide how much is spent from the transport budget respective to how much we put in let alone on what ; 59mps that we elect along with 591 other mps decide on this . 
  on your second point ; scotland 's gdppca is over $ 44,150 ; compared to the uk 's being over $ 42,300 . 
  meaning that off the bat , scotland is wealthier per capita . 
  it also had gini rating of 30.0 compared to the uk 's 32.6 gini ; meaning the average citizen has more wealth closer to the gdppca in scotland than the uk as a whole . 
  quick side note : i 'm using the uk as a whole as very few figures accurately represent ruk , however , for gini this can be worked out 32.8 , so ruk 's gini is worse off , but only by 0.2 points . 
  back to my main point . 
  it also has higher taxes overall and , for example , although not wanting to do so but unable to change it under devolution - emergency service workers must pay vat , which does n't happen in england ( unsure about wales and northern ireland - so do let me know the situation there ; much appreciated ) . 
  so with higher taxation and being wealthier overall , scotland will obviously spend more per head of population . 
  for example : take a poor country that for easiness has a 20unit tax rate . 
  so someone with 1000units will pay 200units in tax and thus the revenue is 200units . 
  take a rich country that has a tax rate of 25units . 
  so someone with 2000units will pay 500units in tax , and thus the revenue is 500units . 
  therefore the richer country with higher taxes has more to spend than the poorer one with lower taxes . 
  yup, 
  by hmrc receipt 's fiscal deficit against debt in compliance with the budget and taxes . 
  in 2014 i believe , if i remember correctly , was # 125bn ( give or take ) and went up to # 142bn by the end of 2015 . 
  so i based it off the 2015 outcome , plus the deficit accumulated along with the trade surplus and taxation - then taking into account the uk 's expenditure and debt share . 
  however , i 'm using dollars with the 1.4 ratio prior to the drop as i do n't think it 's very accurate to continue using pounds at this particular point in time . 
  whilst you 're correct in saying the debt is a `` block '' , but this is slightly twisting the truth . 
  the uk 's debt is not a devolved issue and requests must be made otherwise , like what the scottish government did for the forth and skye bridges , in my prior examples . 
  meaning each country does have their own debt respectively which varies above and below the uk 's mean ; but scotland 's is currently below the uk 's mean , not by too much given 79 % is indefinitely not far from 85 % ; i think we can both agree on that . 
  and if the projections of 9 % do come to light ( which i doubt given this again varies - it will change either to be more or less in my view ) , then it could begin to approach the mean soon , but unlikely . 
  this year 's fiscal prediction does not equal last year 's actual outcome of 6 % . 
  granted , it may very well be 9 % by september 1st , but the prediction has varied from a 12 % prediction in november to a 4 % prediction in february . 
  let 's start things off ; in that same year we had over # 600m spent on scotland for transport by the same budget , much less than we put in , but yes this changes from year to year , but it was an example to show how it 's pretty one-wayed on how things are spent i.e. 
  skye and forth road bridges having to be loaned but the london underground project was paid for . 
  furthermore , being wealthier per capita and raising more in taxes with higher taxes + wealthier population does equal a higher amount of spending relative to our population . 
  so using population is not only very deceptive here but implies you 're either unconsciously or deliberately overlooking crucial information and comparing it to something relatively meaningless . 
  on your first point . 
  the scottish deficit is 6 % , not 9 % ; whilst the uk is a member of the eu , and thus each part of the uk must equally meet all eu conditions ; as both ruth davidson and theresa may have said before and after brexit , who are both against scottish independence . 
  meaning that scotland , as does england , wales and northern ireland ; all meet the requirements to rejoin the eu - your claim is deliberately erroneous . 
  whilst on your second point , maybe actually check hmrc receipts , you know , the link i supplied , which shows the scottish important costing # 24.9 bn and the scottish exports costing # 26.9 bn ; which is a surplus of # 2bn . 
  compared to the uk 's as a whole trade deficit of - # 137.5 bn . 
  whilst yes , around 60 % , when including indirect trade and ukmf and excluding the recipient indirect , of our trade is to the uk , but again if you actually read the source , you 'd also see that when including the indirect recipient and excluding ukmf , then roughly only 40 % is to the uk ; granted , still our largest trading partner with the eu on 25 % and the rest of the world on 35 % - is not our majority trade as other countries make up 60 % of our trade . 
  do visit us after we leave the uk and rejoin the eu too !, 
  side note : whilst in glasgow , you need to try real whisky ; angus steak ; irn bru ; deep fried mars bars and a full scottish breakfast . 
  you 'll be missing out if you do n't . 
  or take the london underground project which required # 2.2 bn of the scottish westminster allocated transport budget funds ; whereas the skye and forth road bridges which needed to be built were not simply taken from the english transport budget , but were loaned from via a westminster conduit to the excess funds ratio - this means scotland has to pay back every single penny it borrows with interest . 
  bit of a 1-way system if english projects are fully paid for but scottish projects require borrowing . 
  furthermore , scotland is the only n1 region with a positive balance of trade . 
  scotland 's bot is 1.1 , the uk 's is -4.3 and the uk excluding scotland is -5.7 . https://www.uktradeinfo.com/statistics/rts/pages/default.aspx, 
  scotland 's gdp is $ 234bn . 
  it 's external debt is $ 180bn . 
  this is a debt 79 % of its gdp . 
  the uk 's debt as a whole however is $ 2.421 trn with a gdp of $ 2.849 ; which is 85 % of its gdp . 
  trnhttp : / / www.gov.scot/topics/statistics/browse/economy/qna2015q4 this essentially means scotland 's debt per capita is lower . 
  i get your point ; but we do have very separate and distinct diplomatic relations outside the uk . 
  although limited . 
  take kosovo , scotland recognised it prior to the uk fully recognising its independence in 2008 ( although only by a few days ) . 
  because we also happen to be wealthier per capita than england and pay more in taxes than england . 
  so yes , that does result in higher public spending - congrats on basic economics . 
  whilst we had a referendum on independence in 2014 , just like the uk had a referendum on the eu in 1975 . 
  things have changed dramatically since both referendums , and if it was democratically right to hold an eu referendum , then on the same prospects there should be a scottish independence referendum . 
  i did n't even pay attention to that - my bad . 
  but when you said eu capital , i assumed capital cities within the eu ; and then i 've noticed you 've went to non-eu cities . 
  economically drained being a member of the uk does imply that the uk is draining the economy of scotland ; thanks for taking a quote out of context ,
