i was n't talking about specific people . 
  those muslims who would do those things in europe do n't dare to do that in the us . 
  never suggested such a thing . 
  i dont know how any sane person could think that sentence implied that . 
  you comparing wwii events with the current situation in ukraine is disingenuous . 
  i hear rosengard is a beautiful place to live . 
  you 're a bit prejudiced against fox , not * all * their news are bad . 
  i was n't citing fox though . 
  you can ignore it all and just listen to what that iman has to say . 
  if being an intellectually dishonest dummy is doing something right then go ahead and celebrate . 
  if muslims keep breaking the law more than any other group and are overrepresented in prisons . 
  not to mention the other things and you ignore it then you 're the one who 's an idiot . 
   notably sweden , in 2005 , making the laws much broader . 
  this will lead to an increase in rape reports based on the law . 
  however , it also inflates the cases from 2004 - 2013 in the report by the fact the swedish police investigate each independent case . 
  so the women are making that up just to hurt our beloved muslims reputation . 
  haha a true multiculturalist you are . 
  [ sweden ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_statistics#mediaviewer/file:rape_rate_per_100,000_-_country_comparison_-_united_nations_2012.png ) is the rape capital in europe . 
  swedish ( and some other european countries ) media try to hide the fact that it 's done by muslims very hard . 
  when muslims rape or kill somebody in sweden it 's always the `` youth '' . 
  do you people not know how to use google ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_statistics#mediaviewer/file:rape_rate_per_100,000_-_country_comparison_-_united_nations_2012.png now go and look whos behind these rapes . 
  haha . 
  i love this attitude of yours . 
  czechs are not a minority in prague unlike muslims in those nordic capitals . 
  so you can fear some of islam , but not all of it ? 
  i think quaran and hadith clearly show us that we should fear it . 
  majority of rapes in stockholm , oslo and copenhagen are commited by muslims . 
  they did n't fear islam . 
  all right . 
  but it 's not irrational to fear islam . 
  that was a famous british iman . 
  look , i 'm losing my patience with you . 
  you 're just repeating the standard bullshit . 
  you 're saying that the fear is irrational . 
  do you know that sweden is the rape capital of europe now ? 
  i deleted that comment because it served no purpose anymore . 
  did you not get that from my comments that i fully believe islam is a threat , a not just any threat . 
  the biggest threat . 
  one reason would be immigration laws that accept better people than europe does . 
  for an exmaple average iq in amsterdam is the lowest in europe because of the muslim immigrants . 
  also the fact that they ( at the moment ) do n't dare to do things muslims do in europe . 
  imagine muslim rape gangs in america . 
  or them burning the american flag there . 
  that would n't end well . 
  tatar muslims know they do n't want to fuck with russia . 
   show me hard concrete proof of this . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gw4shccx_y4 ) . 
  or you know , use google . 
   oh look , clickbait from a tabloid journalism . 
  not to mention the same site that 'll spin as much bullshit as they want , and people take it as fact . 
  give me an actual concrete proof that is n't sensationalist bullshit . 
  cherrypicking as always . 
  there 's no proof i can give you that would convince you . 
   oh no , anti-semitism that 's also being compounded by bigots over israel is happening as well !, 
  and the fact the honour killings and rapes show there 's a lack of screening . 
  and first-gen who are either refusing to integrate or are completely denying any other culture than their own . 
  yes , those need to be dealt with , but being a bigoted shit wo n't resolve anything . 
  as i said , islam is a danger . 
   and the sharia police/zones ? 
  those have been smacked down repeatedly . 
  unless they somehow become permanent , which i highly doubt they will , they 're minor problems by zealots . 
  unless they get physically violent , the police will do what they do and break them up time and time again . 
  we are not arguing about police here . 
  and well , if you doubt they wo n't be a permanent problem then it 's all okay . 
  minor problems ? 
  no they 're not . 
  and the more muslims there will be in europe the more of these `` minor '' problems we 'll be facing . 
   wow look at all these african countries that have outlawed lgbt rights that are n't directly muslim !, 
  totally a small minority doing it !, 
  not directly muslim ? 
  so indirectly they are ? 
  yes , subsaharan africa is in many cases even more backwards than the muslim world . 
   no , i 'm in fact not a muslim . 
  i 'm here to smack down bigots and racists as they crop up in this subreddit . 
  and you 're a bigot who 's refused to see islam in another light beyond the vocal minority of extremists . 
  and there 's easily ways to fight it , but nope , nobody wants to touch it . 
  haha , you 're actually helping without knowing it . 
  keep calling people who fear islam bigots and racists . 
  i know muslims who are `` liberal '' what i 'm saying is that the word islamphobia is ludicrous because the fear is very rational . 
  get this inside your head , please . 
  even if the minority consists of 15 % of the muslims islam is still a real danger . 
  also considering the fact that many of them are radicalizing in europe . 
  that 's a strawman . 
  i told you not to compare what russias doing in ukraine with genocide . 
  you were comparing genocide and protecting interests of russians and continue to do so . 
  ukraine is/was part of russian sphere of influece . 
  how is that buzzword ? 
  that 's a fact . 
   catholics spread the word of their god by the sword , and colonized virtually the entire world . 
  they upended trade routes , forced natives together who 'd kill each other , and caused mistrust and hatred of people of certain descent in europe . 
  geez , this argument . 
  yes , everyone commited attrocities in the past . 
  however , we do n't live in the past . 
   you 're telling me islam is ` backwards and bloodthirsty ' , when it 's pretty fucking clear it 's not . 
  all because of different cultural norms , which many change as they 've integrated into european culture . 
  but no !, 
  their religion somehow makes them violent barbarians that must be expelled from europa !, 
  you must be blind . 
  the rapes , honor killings , sharia police , sharia zones , anti-semitism .
