  threatening people and killing for drawing a cartoon - what other religion does that . 
  many comedians do n't dare make jokes about islam because they fear for their life , and rightfully so . 
   the american evangelicals preach hatred and intolerance , and have caused lgbt rights in africa to be thrown backwards even worse than it is today . 
  and you 're telling me islam is the ` most backwards ' ? 
  yes , because this is a small minority of people doing this . 
  homosexuality is punishable in majority of islam countries , in some even by death . 
   you 're using excuses and strawmen to justify your hatred of a religion because you do n't agree with them at all . 
  just because of extremist violent jihadists , who are condemned by many imams across the world . 
  you say islam is a religion . 
  i say it 's an ideology that is also a guide to all parts of the persons life . 
  i do n't see ideologies as sacred and immune to criticsm simply because people call them religion . 
  theres plenty of radical immans as well . 
  a lot of people in the western world that become terrorists are swayed by their immans . 
  that is a fact . 
   and because of the few who cause all this grief , you condemn an entire religion . 
  that 's fucking bigoted and backwards thinking . 
  get the fuck out of this subreddit . 
  we do n't need people preaching horseshit like this . 
  it 's definitely not a few . 
  stop being delirious . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1510866/poll-reveals-40pc-of-muslims-want-sharia-law-in-uk.html i dislike islam as a whole . 
  not just because of the terrorists . 
  read this and you 'll understand . 
  http://www.pewforum.org/2012/08/09/the-worlds-muslims-unity-and-diversity-infographic1/ and this is another tactic muslims and their apologists use . 
  silencing people by using buzzwords . 
  i wonder are you a muslim ? 
  i will stay here as long as i please . 
  thanks . 
  no , what i 'm saying is islamophobia is a ridiculous concept since the fear is very rational . 
  as i said there are plenty of attrocities commited on the european continent in the name of islam . 
  and i 'm also saying islam is a clear danger to the western civilization , that 's all . 
  you can check here how not monolithic they are . 
  for example big chunk of them thinks that woman should decide whether she wants to wear veil or not . 
  but the decisive majority also thinks that woman should always listen to her man . 
  this is unacceptable in the western society . 
  saying the scale of attrocities commited in the name of islam is just about the same as in any other religion is extremely dishonest . 
  islam is by far the most bloodthirsty and backwards religion there is . 
  i 'm not talking just about the radicals . 
  i believe islam as a whole is absolutely incompatible with the western civilization ( or the east asian civilization for that matter ) . 
  what is alarming is you comparing genocide and protecting interests of russians in russian sphere of influence . 
  soldiers can think whatever they want . 
  they ca n't cherrypick what they want to fight and die for . 
  one could argue that muslims themselves have no understanding of islam . 
  if you have n't noticed they argue between themselves all the time . 
  you know , even if `` mere '' 20 % of muslims are actually `` radical '' the fear is not really irrational . 
  if a `` moderate '' muslim can be `` radicalized '' by the islamophobes ( or most likely his imman ) to chop off a british soldiers head on the street he was n't really moderate in the first place . 
  you talk about the lack of knowledge but there are plenty of facts . 
  sweden being the rape capital of europe . 
  honor killings in britain . 
  people getting threatend and killed for drawing a cartoon or speaking against islam by ~ ~ islamophobes ~ ~ muslims . 
  lol , buzzwords , buzzwords and some more buzzwords . 
  again , islamophobia is an irrational fear of islam . 
  that fear as muslims prove to us every day is far from being irrational . 
  hating someone because they 're muslim ( the person itself ) is a prejudice , true . 
  no , people join the army to serve the interests of the country ( the people ) . 
  conflict in ukraine is seen as protecting the interests of the native russians living there . 
  phobia means irrational fear . 
  saying fear of islam is not rational is just about as dishonest as you can get ... 
  ehm , that does n't matter at all ? 
  they still joined the army . 
  being in any sort of war and dying on the behalf of your country qualifies as dying for your country . 
  i feel no sympathy for him . 
  if you are not prepared to die for your country do n't join the army . 
  real house of cards . 
  love it . 
  moravia i 'm sure . 
  edit : / s, 
  thanks . 
  that 's pretty much what i thought . 
  haha . 
  okay , were there any surveys made to support this claim ? 
  confederacy is not ideal , it 's rather something that is better than nothing . 
  what do you mean by prague not seeing bratislava as equal ? 
  the slovak government would still reside in bratislava . 
  eu is in no way a confederation and will never be . 
  if you believe eu will still be here in 10 years i 'd see you as overly optimistic . 
  and when it falls apart i 'd like us to have a bigger word in global politics by being a bigger somewhat united `` entity '' . 
  i disagree about the prevailing opinion . 
  at least in the czech republic . 
  i have noticed that there are plenty of politicians in slovakia that like to fish for votes by bashing us . 
  in czech republic the prevailing opinion is that we should n't have split but it 's too late now to do anything about it . 
  i 'd personally prefer a union/confederacy of some kind between our nations . 
  that said i would worry about the hordes of stupid people that would argue over the little things to no end on both sides . 
  czechs drain slovaks , slovaks drain czechs type of arguments . 
  still the difference between our languages is smaller than the difference between north and south german and i would like us to become one country again even though it 's very implausible . 
  i know that german news are full of bias just like any other outlet but i still feel they 're doing a really good job trying to stay factual and truthful . 
  v\u00e1clav havel was n't elected as well the first time he was in the office . 
  so by that logic he 's also similar to hitler . 
  your point being ? 
  it 's not propaganda because it 's not uncommon ? 
  if your head was n't buried so deep in the sand you 'd know that they want a europe with independent national states . 
  they want to work together , but they also want to be fully autonomous . 
  why are the socialists and federalists of this subreddit finding this so hard to understand ? 
  on this sub europe = european union . 
  no exceptions . 
  we certainly hope so  . 
  i do n't see czech republic leaving the eu before the uk does . 
  i voted for svobodni party ( `` freemen '' ) who finally made an appearance on the political stage with 5 % who will join the same franction with ukip . 
  for the first time i 'm feeling really optimistic about the future of europe . 
  that 's why i unsubscribed .
