a homeless and mentally unstable man is a homeless and mentally unstable man regardless of origin . 
  this is not a call for `` political realism '' the separatist movement has been one of the few realistic things to do , catalunya has a few structural problems but nothing in comparison to the behemoth that is most of spain . 
  mas may have lost political capital but his vision is still followed by many . 
  there is no money because madrid controls the money , madrid has restricted the money flow even more in an effort to get catlunya back into its grasp , but the separatist movement has already begun , and will continue in grassroots . 
  i have lived in 4 different countries when growing up , i live `` there '' too , and i have never seen a society that is that desperate to go to hedonistic extremes as england except maybe the us . 
  but in the us a night out is n't as public and the police will enforce proper public order ( maybe even a tad severely ), 
  in england it is, 
  honestly better than hurting a 50 year old working mother , or anyone else for that matter . 
  this is nice , 
  well maybe because those statistics hold no water in reference to gender equality . 
  except maybe the ceo 's and boards one . 
  but honestly that is a whole different can of worms . 
  semi ? 
  agreed, 
  lol an armed rebellion coming from who ? 
  the upper middle class ? 
  usa , spanish ( hoping catalan soon ) , polish and could of had german but declined it because it is already hard enough to follow politics and the economy in 3 countries which i 've stopped living in and vote appropriately , i do n't need a 4th . 
  sorry i misread the initial comment :p, 
  ok the economist typically cites studies , id love to see the studies they cite and then judge whether your argument is valid . 
  which is illegal and does n't really happen excluding the situation where the issue of maternity leave comes into play . 
  that can easily be fixed by giving men paternity leave of equal duration to that of women . 
  `` and it 's been shown that these people tend to mentor people of their own sex '' source ? 
  i disagree . 
  i think the youth in poland is quite open to social change . 
  in major cities anyhow . 
  it is not gay marraige we are talking about ... it is civil partnership, 
  it not that they called only refused to acknowledge lgbt partnerships but all civil partnerships something that i find horrendous . 
  i fail to understand why civil partnerships are such a problem . 
  i think the revenue from the olympics was published in q3 and that is why it was positive . 
  also this talk of them leaving the eu cant help, 
  i do n't really know all to well about other european countries , i know i felt scammed that the polish driving license office received money every time they failed a driver . 
  even more appalled when i learned that driving schools do not teach you everything so that you do fail and come back to them . 
  generally i found the whole polish driving license dept. 
  a big sham and felt that there has to be a better way of effectively get a driving license . 
  i 'm not advocating a more lenient test , but maybe a different incentive scheme for testers . 
  not only that , but maybe we could make a common unified driving test which makes sense . 
  you can invite your best applicants to an interview and then judge their appearance , behavior and vocal fluidity then . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  if he did vote the post down , what is wrong with that ? 
  should we be intimidated by the pro-palestine crowd to shut up and embrace their position ? 
  i know !, 
  to your 1st question : when speaking of poland would you call the instance on recreating a polish state , polish nationlism or simply foreign rejection ? 
  as in the polish case there is a need to be nationalistic in catalunya to maintain our cultural identity and not get drowned out by spanish influence . 
  i personally feel that once independence is achieved and the aftermath of `` patting ourselves on the back '' subside nationalism will go down to what you would find in your average eu country . 
  to your second question : i think spain still has an afterglow of it 's civil war in politics , meaning that the two main political groups are somewhat socialist and/or facist . 
  the spaniards will use in the short to mid term future a populist spanish sentiment to gain votes ( as does catalunya with a populist catalan sentiment ) so the oppressive policies will continue and catalunya will continue fighting back . 
  thus i do not think that a full federation could work unless the spanish and catalan politicians can remove these old sentiments from politics and really look eye to eye and respect one another , this has n't happened for years and history has its way of sticking around , and we need a change of policies now , not wait another 10-15 years before the governments decides to be courteous to one anther ( which may or may not happen ) . 
  3rd question : i feel neither of your `` options '' is correct with what i ( me speaking for myself not a representative of all catalans ) beleive . 
  i `` expect the rich to give more than the poor and feel that this should logically follow on a national scale '' . 
  in fact i believe that it is vitally important !, 
  ( there is that socialist afterglow ) . 
  however i believe the catalan sentiment is like that of the germans towards spain `` why should i give my money to them if they are not enacting enough changes so they wont constantly ask for more in the future '' . 
  germany is more productive than i believe all eu countries , just as catalans are more productive than most of the rest of spain , the diffrence is germany is in a voulantary union with spain , more so it has the power to ask for reform before giving them money , and catalans do not . 
  germany can collect its own taxes and then decide what it wants to do with it , unlike catalunya that its tax revenue is taken directly to madrid and we get the leftovers which are close to none . 
  but not to worry spain does give us a very generous amount of debt which is crippling our government . 
  so does national identity create exceptional circumstances ? 
  no especially not with other groups such as the basques , valencians ( is that the english term i dunno ) , galicians etc. ... but i do think catalan national/cultural identity helps productivity levels . 
  and if this is about the monarchy ... i for one would n't mind sharing a king , he did us no wrong ( the current one anyhow ) . 
  i am from poland and from catalunya . 
  catalan mother and polish dad spent roughly equal time in both nations . 
  it is more an issue of being forced to pay the spanish way more than we ( im catalan polish ) we receive for the past 30years + . 
  more so we renegotiated our estatut ( a sort of constitution which defines our relationship to spain ) of 1979 to be given more recognition as a catalan idenity within spain and some improvements to the fiscal policy so we had more control over our tax revenue which always seemed to come back from madrid substationally smaller than required by the catalans . 
  this estatut was then revoked as we hit a crisis , becuase spain thought the rich regions should pay for the poor , placing catalunya under massive spanish debt , more spanish media telling catalans essentially `` your spanish !, 
  shut up already ! '', 
  as well as grassroots economic embargos on catalan exports such as cava . 
  all this hatred ( i think facism might be a bit far but somewhere up there ) against catalans reminds many catalans of franco 's times which might also help the push for independence . 
  not to mention while the catalan autonomous region is one of the most productive of spain ( note : without much public money ) the spanish region of extremadura have 29 % of their gva in the public sector . 
  ( warning this info is hear say : and allegedly many people who do work in the public sector clock in to work and then leave for another job ) . 
  spain needs structural reform , so does catalunya , but we will get much more done without the spaniards not just pushing but slamming us around . 
  this a hundred times !, 
  that should only happen if the ~ ~ woman ~ ~ person in question is valuable enough to the company that she/he deserves to come back at a higher wage . 
  that would spark up roar in more traditional countries like poland with est. 90 % of the population is white roman catholic . 
  some countries do n't want social policies shoved down their throats by the eu , even if they are fair policies . 
  more so there will then be a fear the eu will be used to push a social agenda in a economic union and that is undesirable . 
  this a hundred times . 
  i can confirm the languages are very different to each other . 
  edit : the historical context is also accurate to my knowledge , though `` patriotic '' spaniards would disagree . 
  yes yes i do ^ ^, 
  let us hope it all goes according to plan ( polish-catalan citizen here ), 
  no matter who you vote , who you bank with , what you buy , or who the head of the government is , it means nothing . 
  we are going back to bloody monarchy . 
  you need force to maintain an empire , you need discourse and discussion to maintain a society . 
  was that a question ? 
  how about the eu uses a different force which is far more efficient in the long term : political discourse , infrastructure development , political negotiations , and trying to establish new economic ties . 
  the eu having so many different cultures and policies is much more suited to increase `` global security '' by talking and understanding the cultures and countries it interacts with and coming to a deal that would benefit the eu and said country . 
  let me put it into a metaphor : the us , the eu , and pakistan are at a board meeting . 
  a new policy is suggested by the us , to which pakistan disagrees . 
  the eu would be that guy that asks pakistan why he disagrees and asks him how we can come to a compromise . 
  while the us would be that guy who threatens to fire pakistan . 
  i dont want the eu to turn into `` that guy '' that uses force to resolve his conflicts, 
  yeah like for example ... bitch, 
   since recently living in the uk i love to watch the love-hate relationship between brits and the french . 
  just a general annoyance after talking with many many americans about key societal issues and the majority are severely misinformed and it dribbles the quality of discussion to nothing . 
  ( just as my comment did ) . 
  but to answer your comment , i wrote because i wanted to vent nothing more . 
  i know i will get downvoted and i accept that but i just had to say this :  most americans are in the middle , you just never hear them . 
  most americans are ~ ~ in the middle ~ ~ uninformed , you ~ ~ never ~ ~ always hear them . 
  well poles integrated relatively nicely , cant speak for bulgarians or romanians, 
  i think it comes down to numbers . 
  the number of top 5 % of the chinese high school graduates surpasses in size the top 40 % of all eu high school graduates ( check me on my numbers , i read this somewhere and it seemed common sense enough ) .
