print some extra sheets , will you ? 
  i 'll give you some salt in exchange . 
  i laughed at this way too hard ( austrian living in sweden ) , now i just wan na go to bed and spoon my wallet . 
  even esperanto ? 
  brasov really is beautiful . 
  i went to romania once for a couple of concerts ( agalloch ) and came back with a different opinion about the country . 
  i would love to go back and see more , especially sibiu city . 
  also , most ( not all ) people were really , really friendly and helpful , especially our host . 
  this great sketch comes to mind : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7w7q7pwygu&amp;sns=em, 
  i talked to a native a couple of months ago and she told me she had only learned english in her teens , so i would not be surprised if there are people amongst the older generations who do n't speak english at all . 
  since they are readily available because of our german bros austria also broadcasts german dubs ( we do n't have our own `` austrian '' dubs except for a handful of movies where the dialect is an integral part of the experience ( e.g. 
  `` babe '' , but i can not even come up with a second example ) . 
  also , i 'm really surprised about the 73 % but i 'll take it as it is and feel a little proud for once ( i still very much doubt it , though ) . 
  in a comment below it is stated that `` scottish gaelic '' is being referred to as exactly that , though , and not just `` gaelic '' and that just '' [ gg ] aelic '' only either refers to a language family or is used as an adjective . 
  but either way , i can rephrase my stagy comment to `` til gaelic is not the language i thought it was . 
  til gaelic is not a language . 
  that was actually really informative , thank you . 
  if you let us in on your pension funds you get to be part in our silly maps . 
  does that sound fair ? 
  but honestly , i 'm also kinda annoyed that norway 's almost never included in such statistics . 
  it 's the other way round , it 's danish that 's like swedish but with a weird dialect . 
  unless we are talking about sk\u00e5nska but that sounds like danish anyway ;-) the only person to succeed in making sk\u00e5nska sound sexy is tina nordstr\u00f6m . 
  this is wrong , tom has in fact stated that when being his stage persona he identifies as a woman . 
  otherwise he identifies as a man , but we have n't even seen him without drag publicly in a while . 
  not in the media anyway . 
  never heard the term but we have those as well in austria i believe . 
  and then you 'd lose it all after being sued . 
  as long as miss grinsekatze weichseldingsbums will not host it i 'm good . 
  good move , i feel like i should switch isp soon ... 
  ` the fuck belgium ? 
  i live in norrbotten and know many locals who do n't like it whereas i as an immigrant enjoyed it on first try . 
  i just think it 's a bit of a hoax because when you hear about surstr\u00f6mming outside of sweden they make it sound like you just eat the fish and that 's that whereas you actually mix it with potato , onion and stuff and put it on bread so the herring is just a component of the actual dish . 
  maybe there are other ways that i 'm not aware of but this is how we eat it up here . 
  nevertheless , it 's quite yummy and the smell is not that bad as long as you do n't leave the house and come back :-), 
  no , your _ high german _ might be `` 100 % perfect '' if you do n't understand someone who speaks a certain dialect , then obviously you are not proficient in that dialect . 
  i do n't understand what 's so hard to grasp about that concept ? 
  this applies to natives as well ( of all languages ) . 
  you sound very bitter for some reason . 
  this is irrelevant in context of the topic though , the map is not about `` high german '' skills and , obviously , dialect barriers exist in every language . 
  just because you do n't understand people does n't mean that they do n't talk german . 
  that 's like saying the british do n't speak english because someone does n't understand cockney ... 
  i agree , i live in sweden and i have met lots of people who claimed to have had german lessons for 3-6 years who could n't say a simple sentence , let alone be close to awkwardly conversational . 
  many learn it , but they know/remember shit . 
  ca n't tell if awkward joke or just stupid . 
  the funny thing is that many americans watch it for just the commercials and are less interested in the game , whereas i as a european who only knows some very basic rules watch it for the game . 
  crazy world !, 
  nono , last as in current , sorry :-) those are our older ones : http://www.bahnbilder.de/bilder/strassenbahn-wien-274911.jpg i hope they wo n't be phased out anytime soon ( i 'm not aware of any such plans ) , they are way lovelier but i guess maintenance costs will eventually become an issue . 
  woah there , you have our ( last generation ) trams ? 
  in fact , many european border regions * are * multilingual . 
  but either way , i think this is great news . 
  hey !, 
  nothing wrong with sissi :-) on a side note , before sunrise has a score of 8.1 ... 
  why am i not surprised ? 
  of course fucking the sound of fucking music . 
  sigh . 
   greece/the greek ftfy, 
  i am confused , why would you call it christkind if you are czech ? 
  i disagree solely based on the fact that we are talking about a * service being consumed in a third country * as opposed to a * product from a third country consumed in your country * . 
  those are two completely different things in my book - had we been talking about an actual product - bought and used in the us - i would have agreed with you , but this is simply not the case and this is an entirely different situation . 
  i do n't hold it against her that she is trying to sue , i am glad that everyone has the right and freedom to do so . 
  neither do i hold it against her that she is trying to file suit in the us , this is probably due to lawers telling her that she has a chance with this and obviously this would mean higher compensation in case she wins - i 'm sure everybody here would try the same ( i 'm no hypocrit ) . 
  it is mainly the court ruling that i have a problem with . 
  she is very welcome to sue in austria , heck , if we want this to be easier then we should have bilateral treaties allowing to sue either side on your homeground for both us as well as european cititzens . 
  the point being that it should not matter where you sue , but that proper juristiction applies - in this case austrian and * not * american . 
  notice how i was not referring to the incident emphasizing that i was talking about the * metro * , not trains ... 
  2011 - two and a half years . 
  this is how i interpret it . 
  i do n't accept that as an excuse . 
  in this situation you ... a ) apply common sense b ) look around to see what other people/locals are doing and act accordingly ( this is a variation of ( a ) ) . 
  i especially like '' * 5 . 
  defendants , and each of them , negligently failed to warn the plaintiff that there was a gap between the boarding platform edge and the train into which she could fall . * '' . 
  that 's on par with the `` nowhere does it say i should n't put my cat in the microwave '' case . 
  and a previous court decision acknowledged the fact properly turning her down , it 's only a recent appeal that has ruled in her favour . 
  the ticket was sold to her through a third-party ( sub - ) agent ; as a layman i have zero understanding for this decision . 
  $ 400k for casts for two broken arms , what the heck ? 
  how is that even possible ? 
  am i correct in assuming you are pro obamacare ? 
  i see what you did there . 
  obviously i was being ironic ... like you , i truly believe our system is better in many ways . 
  in her defense , in the link i posted it is said that the \u00d6bb `` claim '' that the train was moving when she tried to hop on whereas austrian media state it as fact . 
  the story seems a little fishy so i choose to believe that this is what happened , but ultimately we do not know yet . 
  the fact that she has been trying to file suit in the us speaks for itself , though . 
  here is the case , if anyone 's interested : http://caselaw.findlaw.com/us-9th-circuit/1651527.html?dcmp=nwl-pro_injury, 
  austrian media report that she demands $ 20 million in compensation . 
  i guess that 's a fair compensation for being ... uhm ... not so smart . 
  ca n't blame her for trying ... / s, 
  elaborate . 
  we do n't like cliffhangers !, 
  i am happy it survived so long this year , last year was way too early . 
  i wish we could burn it down on christmas eve instead , but i can live with today . 
  blasphemy ... it * is * a tradition . 
  just not an officially approved of one . 
  president of austria , heinz fischer , will not attend either . 
  actually i have to take that back , i mixed it up with mandela 's funeral where he stated that it was `` too expensive to fly to south africa '' ( you heard that right ) . 
  that does n't invalidate your comment though !, 
  gauck ( germany ) and fischer ( austria ) will not attend . 
  the list is possibly longer , but those are the ones i know off the top of my head . 
  edit : removed netanjahu from the list , mixed it up with the mandela memorial that he did n't attend . 
  this is fucking hilarious !, 
  what game is that ?
