jail ? 
  more like death . 
  i do n't feel safe with them breathing . 
  yeah i love this cultural enrichment , i feel so much better with all this rape and abuse in my country !, 
  * headbutts wall * fuming , as a supposed working class lad who should be voting labour they can literally go fuck themselves on so many levels . 
  i hope the party dies a painful death . 
  preferably with blair , brown and miliband hanging from a lamppost . 
  maybe they should cut the bloat instead of taxing the internet . 
  yep they 'd do the same in our position . 
  time to stop hiding behind rule books and fuck these guys up . 
  send a message to isis and everyone else that we do n't give a fuck . 
  why would anyone purposely allow trouble into their borders ? 
  should have threw him out to sea . 
  the evil vile nasty muslims who do the torturing are n't killing pedos , they 're killing themselves in barbaric ways due to some difference in their religion . 
  saville is a cunt and torturing him would be entirely justified . 
  look i 'm not going to condone any of that however for a minority they 're far to represented in the rape category . 
  this is a culture thing as they disrespect women . 
  what saville did is disgusting and i just wish we could have tortured the cunt before he died but that is no reason to sweep this problem under the rug . 
  now if only there was a way to prosecute tony blair under this act . 
  they accepted it from 1997 to 2013 and they still accept it now , they covered it up and tried to get an injunction to stop people reporting it . 
  they covered it up , they allowed it to happen . 
  yes this multicultural society of braindead morons allowed 1,400 girls in a town of 120k to get raped . 
  they mean pakistani . 
  guys why are you being such racists !, 
  this is their culture , they 're way of life !, 
  if they choose not to respect women , rape and be intolerant then they should be allowed as we are a multicultural society free of hate !, 
  if the conspiracies are true sweden and the uk are about to get ebola . 
  they can not harden stance on immigration while we 're part of the eu . 
  so it 's all lies and vote pandering . 
  not sure why , moldova has nothing to do with russia . 
  keep your boots out of europe you manlet . 
  same here this morning i decided i 'll have beans on toast instead of weetabix for breakfast . 
  my mistake did n't kill anyone though !, 
  why did we need permission of brussels to build our own nuclear reactor again ? 
  bugs the living daylights out of me . 
  tell our politicians that putting our soldiers directly in another fight they can not win . 
  ah sweden , a proper shithole . 
  i hate watching a country commit suicide like this . 
  i do not want them back in this country , i do not trust the government to watch these people . 
  they 're dirty filthy animals who have spent the last year murdering innocents and now they 've realized they 're about to be bombed out of existence by an international coalition they 've ran scared . 
  and now they 're repaying us by pushing immigration on us and removing the natives . 
  i 'll tell you what in 50 years time if you 're still alive and sweden is n't a muslim country i 'll admit i am wrong . 
  50 years time . 
  october 3rd 2064, 
  you hope it wo n't . 
  only time will tell . 
  nope , jews are welcome in europe and they always have been ( ignoring 1933 till 1945 ) . 
  okay fine . 
  i hope when you 're a minority though it was all worth it . 
  do n't blame us when you 're women are being stoned for being raped . 
  you have a tiny population as it is , sweden does n't need immigration . 
  maybe if the left would n't punish and shame those who speak out against immigration more would vote anti-immigration . 
  right now being a racist is worst than being a child rape enabler in britain . 
  i 'm not blaming brown people , infact i do n't blame them for coming to europe in search for a better life . 
  i just wish they 'd keep the dream of a better life alive instead of turning our cities into shitholes . 
  and yes i live in a multicultural and diverse area . 
  the politicians are corrupt and do their own thing . 
  they did n't ask the natives for immigration they just did it . 
  the people of europe did n't decide this shit , politicians just went with it . 
  that 's still too much . 
  no , it 's because half your country is muslim . 
  vote pandering is basically what this is . 
  nah i like my idea better . 
  okay scotland may declare independence but we 're keeping the falklands !, 
  amazing , they 're deporting themselves . 
  now make them stateless and veto any un sanctions . 
  ban the group , shoot the members . 
  problem solved . 
  i 'm not going to tell my kids who to marry or what religion to follow , they can do what they want . 
  i 'm not angry at most muslims , i will admit i am being a dick but when you hear about this shit and then you hear that there was a big cover up and files are being raided and deleted . 
  the people responsible still not have stepped down , they should be in prison . 
  the guy they call the perfect being married a 6 year old and fucked her when she was 9 . they have a history of child brides , do n't deny this . 
  you are those things , you see how annoying it is when people use buzzwords . 
  y-you 're just a racist that is the reason 1,400 girls were raped , abused , doused in petrol and that is in one small town with 120k people . 
  atleast i 'm not a child rape enabler and a misogynist . 
  i 'm not denying white brits do n't rape , i 'm saying for such a small minority muslims account for most of the gang rapes in britain . 
  nice deflection though w-white g-guys rape a-aswell, 
  okay i do n't know nothing about what i am typing . 
  those pakistani pedophile rape gangs are a figment of my imagination and the imagination of all 1,400 + victims in one town alone ( not even counting rochdale , telford , oxford , bradford , etc ) lee rigby 's beheading is also a figment of my imagination . 
  i am not an edl supporter nor do i have any affiliation with edl . 
  infact multiculturalism has worked here if you exclude the muslims , everyone else seems to have fit in nicely except the muslims . 
  * pakistani pedo rape gangs targeting children * birmingham trojan horse * beheadings and plus did n't your country riot when a group of middle eastern men attacked some surfers ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_cronulla_riots yeah they did , you ca n't say shite . 
  again you 're just using ad hominems and not actually saying anything to back up multiculturalism . 
  this is why it has n't worked in britain , you guys are so quick to shout racist at everything and everyone suffers for it . 
  multiculturalism in britain is n't like in other countries , multiculturalism basically here basically means let the minorities do what they want otherwise we 're not being tolerant enough . 
   it works fine  america has always been a melting pot of immigrants  the uk is n't france or germany , it is an entirely different country . 
  i 'm sure in france or germany they do n't allow pakistani rape gangs to actually rape and abuse children . 
  it is n't a load of crap . 
  you can choose to believe what you want but it has failed and nothing will ever change that . 
  i do n't care if my grammar is poor . 
  not the point multiculturalism has failed everywhere , stop it now before it gets worst . 
  talking about oslo , are n't most of the rapes and abuses committed by muslims there ? 
  multiculturalism at it 's finest . 
  this is n't just happening in rotherham , this is happening all over the country and we 're still doing nothing about it . 
  this should be everywhere , everyone should be talking about it and protesting but instead it 's being swept under the rug and these kids are not going to get the justice they deserve . 
  we do n't want it the incompetent and disgusting council workers , labour party , police and social workers will probably allow tourist 's kids to get raped and abused . 
  keep it in russia . 
  to the people who say we should let them back in , may i remind you that lee rigby 's killers were on a list , they were allowed into the country and then took one of soldiers lives . 
  why should we have to foot the bill for the prison sentences ?
