  weird logical that makes no sense but lets move on . 
   if they ca n't be that different why is n't even norway on the list ? 
  they ca n't be that different culturally . 
  i 've no idea why norway is n't listed , perhaps they educate their people better on stis and stds ? 
  plenty of explanations are possible . 
  sweden * is * the european mecca of stis . 
  perhaps in other cases but not in the context of fat shaming though . 
  no one is hating on finland , just surprised it is n't listed as finland neighbors sweden * and * finnish people are quite fond of foreigners i 've read . 
   i do n't think it is . 
  you 've just sucked that out of your thumb . 
   are you a bit thick ? 
  yes of course they would , but we do n't have the same laws , organisation of sex and health groups , cultural stigma or any other thing that could factor in in all of europe . 
  all countries are different . 
  which is why i only stated ** denmark and norway ** as i knew you 'd pull the `` we 're too different '' card ( funny how that one is only pulled when you score bad , otherwise i never see it ) . 
  sweden can not be * that * different from both denmark and norway to legitimize the discrepancy between the relevant results . 
  `` asia '' is basically south korea , japan and china on reddit . 
  i know you dutch are eager to get some of belgium , it ` aint going to happen as long as my country exists !, 
  no french person ( includes belgians ) should ever live in a country where the dutch are in the majority , the horror !, 
   in sweden you need ( according to law ) name who you 've slept with if you get an sti . 
  this could lead to people finding out they might have an sti and then seek advice for symptoms so this might skew the results . 
  ... and that 's not the case in denmark or norway ? 
  if it is , then i see no reason why you mention this . 
   oh what the hell , let 's just say there 's absolutley no outside factors that could skew the results in such an obviously flawless method of counting number of sti contractors . 
  pretty much . 
  any outside factor , as far as i know , affects the swedish results just as much as it affects your neighbors ' results . 
  conclusion : sweden is the mecca of stis . 
  / r/conspiracy, 
  finally we 're joining the game !, 
  ugh . . what about the dutch , belgians or germans ? 
  why would swedes seek medical advice when they 've got an sti and the danes or norwegians not ? 
  there are only two ways to do these kind of researches : either you look at how many people sought advice/visited a doctor or you survey people . 
  wait until they start working , settle down and have children . 
  that 's just ... ugh . 
  i 'm kinda surprised finland did n't make the top 10 list though . 
  they 're a founding member of the eu and nato , so yeah , they 're important relative to their size . 
  belgium plays above its weight . 
  yes , it is . 
  language technologist : `` give us jobs and money '', 
  they probably will , it has been bothering vestager personally ( poor thing ca n't watch her danish shows abroad ) so she and the commission are motivated enough to tackle geo-blocking . 
  i think we should have one in strasbourg as well !, 
  just comparing my country among our neighbors . 
  so only luxembourg and belgium are more expensive than us ? 
  what a surprise !, 
  read the article , they changed their name !, 
  you invested your free time learning suomi ? 
  inform us then ? 
   ** finland has suffered three years of recession because of the downfall of nokia 's phone business ** and a slowdown in europe and russia . 
  the outgoing left-right government failed to curb debt growth or step up reforms . 
  i would laugh if finland was n't an eu-country , this is just sad !, 
  as were we in the beginning . 
  sweden today is just france in the '70s and '80s in terms of unskilled mass-immigration . 
  at least we have quite a large population , the sweden do n't . 
  this could 've easily be prevented by simple looking at what the rest of western europe did in the past and the problems we 're dealing with today . 
  sweden is slowly turning into france or any other relevant eu country , be it the uk , italy or belgium/netherlands . 
  i , for one , welcome sweden into our little club !, 
  seriously , everything that 's been mentioned in the article , we 've been dealing with for decades now . 
  still no solution though . 
  i think one of the reasons there 's this focus on sweden on reddit is because some ( insecure/racist ) whites always believed that they had scandinavia as they 're really white countries , there 's always this happy place in europe where they could go and feel at home or something . 
  they 're now upset that one of them , the most important one , is slowly turning into the same thing they despise . 
  quite frankly , all western european countries but the scandinavians ( except for sweden as of recently ) have been dealing with this . 
  there 's no need to justify your vacation plans , have fun !, 
  why , kim ? 
  so sweden is n't a brainwashed pc nation ? 
  i `` ll never trust / r/european again !, 
  it 's a western thing mostly . 
  says the nationalist . 
  your tactics are pretty obvious considering we 've already seen them a couple of decades ago . 
  you think i 'm cute ? 
  oh , thanks you !, 
  i 'm 21 so yes , i 'm older . 
  there 's no need to tell your life story . 
   why would you think i 'm only a teenager ? 
  it 's fairly obvious , you can not be older than 17 or 18 . 
  nationalism is an irrational , idiotic ideology so yes , it is wrong . 
  also , you 're `` proud '' of something you most likely have n't contributed anything to considering your age . 
  uhu , because everything any party wants gets included in ttip . 
  again , you 're forgiven because of your young age . 
  you * are * a nationalist !, 
  i forgive you though knowing that you 're only a young teenager . 
  is it that hard to remember that we 're discussing governments here for you danes ? 
  and ? 
  still does not mean that this will be in ttip !, 
  and i think that you 've no idea what you 're asking and how complex , if not unanswerable , your question is . 
  what ought to happen before the scots , catalans and flemish give up their quest for independence and give it to brussels , which is even further away from their national government . 
  what ought to happen before the hungarians are willing to share a country with the romanians , the french are giving up on their grandiose self-image ( impossible !, 
  ) , the irish and the brits , western europe and eastern europe , southern europe and northern europe , what about the different languages , ... and so much more . 
  your question is unanswerable . 
  wait , let me get my crystal ball and i 'll tell you exactly when it 'll happen . 
  seriously , how should i know ? 
  it could happen , though extremely unlikely , next year , or the year thereafter , or the year thereafter . 
  all i am saying is , judging by how nationalistic and idiotic europeans in general are and assuming that nothing will change , it 's very unlikely to happen in our lifetime . 
  / r/europe , which consist of people who have an interest in europe , is pretty nationalistic . 
  the absolute majority here does not tolerate any criticism towards the country they 're from . 
  if they 're like this , what do you think the general public is like ? 
  a federal europe will not happen in our lifetimes , that 's a guarantee . 
  why ? 
  the senate does n't decide what comes in the ttip . 
  all the power they actually have is the power to ratify it or not when the negotiates are done . 
  they wont as the eu will never agree to this . 
  they 've no idea who they 're dealing with !,
