we all know that france has the best reputation in the world , this online survey was probably hijacked by anglos . 
  canada has way more similarities with western europe ( uk , france , benelux and germany ) than with scandinavia . 
  i reckon plenty of americans gave you guys awesome scores in the online survey . 
  oh , there 's a meetup ? 
  if / r/europe fins show up , i 'll be there too !, 
  ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ kidding, 
  a top politician ? 
  doubt it . 
  they 're not on kremlin 's payroll . 
  they have to declare their income for tax purposes and it is illegal in france to be on a foreign government 's payroll . 
  excuse me ? 
  jesus fucking christ , even when you australians have been separated from the brits for so long , you still feel the urge to protect belgium . 
  get over it , the country wo n't survive the 21th century , mark my words !, 
  yes , of course !, 
  why would he be seen as a bad guy ? 
  he saved most of the progress made after the french revolution from being entirely diminished !, 
  for france , he did so many positive things . 
  nope , it is n't a different country in my eyes . 
  pretty shitty move from belgium . 
  we have nothing but love and respect for them , they are our closest neighbor culturally , hell i do n't even consider belgium a different country and yet they keep pulling shit like this , pretty sad . 
  belgium , do n't lower yourself to the levels of the tea-sippers !, 
  i hope they 'll behave responsibly with my and other europeans ' tax money , congrats !, 
  source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vehicle_registration_plates_of_the_european_union, 
  eh , / r/europe only recognizes glorious euros !, 
   between france , germany and be-ne-lux . 
  that 's already here , also london ( uk ) of course with eurostar . 
  the point is that we need to expand it , make it cheaper and more convenient for the rest of you guys . 
  if we lead the damn thing , yes . 
  it 's probably lots of fun to work with so many different nationalities towards a common goal in the same building !, 
  there are probably some friendly tensions between us and you guys . 
  unfortunately i have , numerous times actually . 
  eh , that you guys are ugly ? 
  congrats , you 've probably coined this buildings new nickname which will spread to the entire world !, 
  better save your comment to prove that you 've came up with the term !, 
  well , we tried to warn and stop you guys about iraq as a good friend ought to do ... 
   you 've argued against anyone in here who dares disagree with your nationalist ideals . 
  yes , and i love it !, 
  at least i 've the courtesy to not downvote every single comment you or others make . 
   we 're not strictly neutral sure , you can keep using that term if it allows you to sleep at night . 
   we are neutral in a military sense . 
  uhu , it 's not like we need your help . 
  the irish army is pretty much non-existent . 
   the people of ireland have sought to keep it this way and no doubt will continue to . 
  and our right to a referendum on any constitutional amendments will hopefully allow us to defeat any future treaties and alter them to respect this ( as we did with nice and lisbon ) . 
  the people if the eu might kick you guys out if you 're blocking us too much . 
  as far as i know norway is a conservative and back-wards country . 
  do you want me to say it again ? 
  sure , ireland is not a neutral state . 
  hell , even switzerland is n't . 
  sweden ? 
  sure . 
  norway and iceland ? 
  really ? 
  who is she ? 
  you 're not neutral if you 're part of the eu , it 's as simple as that . 
  you and the swedes are ** not ** neutral . 
  both of you are part of the eu and the eu meddles and takes sides in international affairs , syria for example . 
  how are they liberal on social attitudes ? 
  nope !, 
  gay marriage ? 
  yeah , but pretty late , the us was faster ( it still is n't possible in finland ) . 
  drugs ? 
  nope . 
  feminism ? 
  bingo , but it does n't beat american tumblr users . 
  why are n't you guys posting `` positive '' news about portugal then yourselves ? 
  that 's what almost everyone else , especially the scandinavians , seem to be doing !, 
  i do n't know about belgium but french buses are definitely better than dutch buses . 
  oh , they are though . 
  poor american , what the hell is he doing in finland ? 
  he probably thought it was russia or something . 
  yeah , but their public transportation is expensive as fuck . 
  thanks !, 
  the brits are n't awful either !, 
  are n't they working on it ? 
  yeah , but we all know whose doing the littering though . 
  hint : it ` aint the french . 
  no one ever says it ( because they 're delusional idiots ) but generally the police in anglo-countries ( including the us !! ), 
  is more civilized , friendly and less authoritarian . 
  one tip : do n't mess around with the police on the continent , they 're generally not friendly whatsoever . 
  yup , but it ` aint sweden 's business . 
  eh , i 'm seeing germany + belgium in bright red . 
  i think you 're confused as to where the netherlands actually is . 
  thank you !, 
  i now know why turkey is a nato partner , you guys are * very * intelligent !, 
  which is insanely important !, 
  ( no sarcasm ! ), 
  none , it 's next to a major highway . 
  no one lived there . 
  strasbourg does n't fit france anyway ( too irrelevant ) so they can shut it down if they want in my opinion , nato on the other hand ... 
  yes !, 
  so , does that mean that we 're the bad guys ? 
  why ? 
   popular culture we 're not here to entertain cocaine sniffing alcoholic british teens , remember that . 
  france beats sweden on * any * cultural metric be it culinary , music ( upper class , not british teens ) , popular history , fashion and more . 
  if you 're delusional enough to think that sweden adds more to the world than france in terms of culture , there 's no reason to continue this conversation . 
  also , sweden imports * way * more culture than it exports if abba and swedish house mafia are the only things they 're contributing . 
  the belgians are n't big fans of skyscrapers , that 's why . 
  ... and now you 've reached the absolute top of delusional levels ( or you just love to suck swedish dick , seeking approval from them for some reason ) . 
  comparing france to freaking sweden in terms of cultural contributions to the world is just mental , i 'm not even going to entertain this , bye !,
