  we 're complaining about gypsies and sometimes about cheap eastern european labor but it definitely is n't a big of an issue as it is in the uk . 
  i understand why you 're trying to push us away from the eu , but it wont work . 
  this country is very much pro-eu . 
   its a bit more complicated than that . 
  with the euro , france is required to observe the fiscal compact and have no more than 3 % budget deficit i do n't have an issue with that . 
  except for the whole gypsy issue , no one is seriously whining about eu immigrants here . 
  our economy is in a mess , not because of the eu but because we refuse to reform anything and think that the problems we have will fix themselves . 
  both issues can be fixed in paris , not brussels . 
  what more do you need ?!, 
  stromae , that psychics nobel price winner whose name i forgot , bmi scientist guy , the two tennis girls who were the best in the world , cyclists , footballers , ... you 've tons of famous people . 
  do you really need a french guy to help you out on this ? 
  did ... did you just type out my username ? 
  i 'm very much impressed !, 
  now , gibe more money !, 
  i do n't need a better argument . 
  a referendum is different than voting someone in office whose powers are limited anyways . 
   case in point being the nordic countries , the uk and benelux all three of you i consider to be `` northern europe '' , you 've all been reforming your economies for perhaps a decade now whilst the rest of us have n't even started yet . 
  lack of reform = horrible economic performance = angry people = protest when casting vote = fn wins . 
  almost no one is voting for fn because she 's anti-eu . 
  they 're voting for her because of high unemployment , horrible immigration policies and islam . 
  i know that it has its limits . 
  i 'm just explaining why i support the limit of not having referenda on critical issues . 
  they 're not a good thing for france specifically . 
  decisions that are too important for a country 's future ( we definitely without a doubt benefit from being in the eu ) should n't be made by the public which is massively ignorant and painfully stupid . 
  democracy should have its limits in my opinion . 
  finally something about the uk !, 
  i want to see more maps of core countries like the uk , spain , italy , germany and france on here . 
  the show will never be the same again but good for the bbc for not tolerating shitty behavior like that !, 
  and he 's a minister in sweden ? 
  jesus , what an idiotic country . 
  mistake i forgot to reverse . 
  - belgium and the netherlands - \u2264 2003 - spain - \u2264 2006 - norway and sweden - \u2264 2009 - denmark , iceland and portugal - \u2264 2012 - france , luxembourg and the uk - \u2264 2015 - finland will follow in 2017 . 
  i looked at the worldmap op linked here where uae is even darker than ksa . 
  uae being so dark is understandable , but why russia ? 
  we can keep moving in circles though , i 'm in class listening to a boring seminar so i have all the time in the world , as long as you refuse to answer my questions . 
  plenty of verses in the quran that leave little room for interpretation , i 've given you an example of that . 
  and we have n't even started discussing muhammed ... 
   because no ideology has a ` pure form ' , there are just interpretations and more interpretations . 
  islam 's purest form is practicing what 's written in the quran . 
   the same way the bible condones slavery , but people do n't own slaves ? 
  we each choose to ignore certain parts of certain ideologies . 
  that 's the difference between christianity and islam . 
  the latter does not tolerate the rejection of anything that 's written in its holy book , unlike christianity today . 
   they 'd consider themselves practising muslims . 
  i have no reason to doubt them . 
  if they 're practicing , i.e. 
  do what islamic doctrine says one should do , then they 're radical . 
   i do n't think islam is radical . 
  why not ? 
  islam equals in its purest form what 's written in the quran , a , by your definition , radical book . 
   islam is something that can be interpreted in hundreds of different ways ah , you 're one of them . 
  how should i interpret what the quran for example advocates in chapter 4 , verse 34 that literally says that a man can beat his wife ? 
   and the fact that i know peaceful and ` westernized ' muslims is proof that there are muslims that fit perfectly well in western society , and that thus islam deserves a place . 
  impressive circus tricks you 're trying out here , they are n't working though . 
  your `` friends '' are culturally muslim , they 're not practicing muslims , just as i was for a time before i made the decision to leave islam . 
  islam , in its current form , has no place in western civilization . 
  anecdotal evidence is n't any evidence . 
  islam , the ideology , which is by your own definition `` radical '' ( and as you 've said previously , you 'd fight any radical political ideology ) , why should n't we try to limit its influence in western europe ? 
  islam fits both of your requirements . 
  knowing that , is n't it rational to limit islamic influence which comes in in the form of immigrants ? 
  can you define what you consider `` radical '' in the context of islam ? 
   he then goes on to stress that ordinary muslims should not be killing exmuslims , that is only for the legal authorities to decide . 
  that 's hardly a problem in the western world . 
  that 's a message that he needs to spread in south asia , not western europe . 
  uhu , someone that cares about victims ( that 's what we do in western europe ) is a automatically branded a troll , huh ? 
  the strong lack of women in this sub is just plain too obvious . . !, 
  you fucking wut ? 
  are you a rape culture enabler ? 
   but he 's trying to actively discourage muslims from killing eachother for apostasy , which i can fully get behind . 
  he 's just spreading sharia doctrine . 
  people can not just randomly murder those they suspect of committing apostasy . 
  that decision has to be made by a sharia court which he does not reject . 
  yes , let 's say that we 'd close down all hospitals in greece , would n't that lead to people being more healthy than they were ? 
  i 'm sorry but i believe that health , education , state of infrastructure , ... all have a secondary place , right behind the wall street bankers . 
   then you should be fighting all ideological radicalization . 
  which is fine , i absolutely support fighting that . 
  who says that i 'm not doing that ? 
  i focus on islam as that is the ideology that has hurt and damaged me the most . 
   but i do n't think that we should criticize muslims , but rather radical muslims . 
  i tend to criticize neither of them . 
  i mostly focus on the ideology itself unless i 'm specifically discussing a follower , like we 're somewhat doing now . 
   and this sheik is a massive proponent of the muslim community curtailing islamic extremism , so whilst he explains the legal reasoning for why they should be killed , it seems he does n't support anyone actually killing them ( kind of an `` i believe in this thing , but thank god i 'm never going to have to do it kind of way ) . 
  that 's just speculation . 
  even when he does n't believe in that specific part of sharia , he 'll never openly admit it as that 'll ruin his career and religious authority . 
  why ? 
  do n't you think that if you 'd eradicate government money that 's flowing in the economy that that would help the greek economy ? 
  why is n't it logical that if you 'd cut healthcare spending that in a couple of years , greek will be * more * healthy than they are today ? 
  if an ideology believes that those who leave the religion deserve death , ergo someone like myself , than it should be a society 's goal to eradicate said ideology , just like we 're trying to do with nazism . 
   no exmuslims are going to die for apostasy except those killed by radical morons . 
  unlike you , i care about ex-muslims and i 'd want the risk of them getting killed to be at an absolute minimum . 
   he 's actually explaining that only the proper authorities can do it , meaning it 's not allowed in western countries . 
  how does that make it in any way less threatening or disgusting ? 
  if anything , it 's an argument in support of limiting muslim immigration . 
  take the fanciest butcher knife you have and start cutting anything you can get your hands on , except for education ( unless there 's waste there ) . 
  you had increased spending , deficit after deficit for years , it did n't do anything but help you end up where you 're now . 
  you do n't see a problem with anything unless it is western , then it is either `` idiotic '' , `` racist '' , `` uneducated '' or one of those other buzzwords you tend to use on dissident opinions . 
  please note that i did not say that your buzzwords were always unjustified . 
  so what persuaded you to say that , the downvotes ? 
  so you 're a spineless `` follow whatever is upvoted '' loser , are n't you ? 
  oh you 're an ukrainian , that explains * a lot * .
