  resist again , we 're pro-euro and probably always will be !, 
  i 'm not saying that they 're doing as much as we do , but they 're doing something . 
  we have to protect our homelands anyways , naturally that 'll benefit them ** for the first time in history !, 
  ** 'cause , you know , we 've done nothing but fuck them over for centuries . 
  who 'd you think ? 
  those socialist idiots who 've no idea what they 're doing . 
  as if jihadis are even remotely interested in attacking luxembourg . 
  your line of thinking right there . . 
  if you reject their efforts to protect luxembourg 's airspace then we can reject our efforts abroad as well . 
  also , belgium and netherlands are fighting jihadi abroad too . 
  you have no idea who 's in charge in france and how typical these statements are for them !, 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-32509301 ` aint nobody gon na tell us what to do !, 
  you 're probably a russian chill , seriously . 
  i only see you being divisive and anti-western . 
  putin is wasting money on fucking / r/europe ? 
  christ , you people are absolutely hopeless !, 
  also , ttip will become reality whether you like it or not . 
  the us is our partner and western europe wants this , as does bulgaria most likely . 
   `` i am a fleming and a european citizen and i have always felt like that , '' said geert bourgeois , a minister in the flanders government who founded the new-flemish alliance , a small but influential secessionist party . 
  fuck , times have changed . 
  that political party is now the largest in flanders ( and belgium ? 
  - any belgian that can confirm this ? ), 
  and that geert dude is now president of flanders . 
  why give flanders to the netherlands ? 
  they can be part of the union 's capital as well , they 're the nice/awesome/rich part of belgium for crying out loud !, 
  it 's very basic . 
  just saying that the guy is extremely attractive and thus makes the haircut look better than it would look like on others . 
  what is even worse is the extremely bleached dark jeans they always seem to wear ( pic # 38 for example ) . 
  some eastern europeans do this as well , come on guys , do n't run around like that in france . 
  that 's just a very hot guy . 
   fuck all the people who say they do n't have european institutions in their countries , have you forgotten that france and germany are the backbone of this union , and not latvia or poland ? 
  as is belgium , as in the netherlands , as is italy , as is luxembourg . 
   yes , it is a question of pride . 
  then we need to pay for it ourselves and not share the bill with all the people of the eu , it 's very idiotic !, 
   now instead of pissing us off with how much strasbourg costs , why not finding solutions to make it more relevant and reduce costs , like i do n't know , create a new legislative house ? 
  no one , except for this delusional government and supporters like yourself , is interested in moving the eu to france . 
  in fact , people want to move everything to bruxelles !, 
  yes , like in the us or australia , would work , would n't it ? 
  flanders does n't have to secede necessarily , there 's always room for negotiations though . 
  i would n't have the problem to give the belgians , and only the belgians , the same rights in denmark or france and any other memberstate because they gave up part of their territory for our common project for example . 
  if you do n't have the respect to not downvote every comment i make , i do n't feel the need to continue this discussion . 
  i 'm disagreeing with you as well here but i 'm not downvoting you . 
  really says enough about the eu if that 's how much you care about member states leaving . 
  yup , but the uk joined before any of the poor nations did . 
  is that a bet you 'd like to take ? 
   btw : i 'm pretty sure that the eu will survive losing denmark , austria & finland ... and making the pot of countries actually financially contributing even smaller ? 
  good luck !, 
  think denmark , think austria , think finland , ... 
  this will definitely open up the option of leaving the eu for populist parties all over western europe . 
  we started this project together with 4 other western countries , we expanded and invited other western countries , we then invited others as well who were poorer , we ca n't afford western countries to leave the union now . 
  to be honest , i do n't care that much about eastern european countries leaving if they wanted to . 
  i mean , i love them and i do not have a problem with them being in the eu but i would n't mind as much if they decided to leave , except for poland and the baltics . 
  well , she 's only the woman that saved the uk from becoming a bankrupt country . 
  `` other 27 members '' do me a favor and stop the bs please ? 
  as if many of the `` 27 members '' even come close to the relevancy of the uk . 
  where did i say that ? 
  if the uk leaves , consider that the end of the eu . 
  france , germany , italy and spain are strong enough to survive on their own . 
  the nordic council will go its own way and perhaps might include the baltics , the benelux is strong and wealthy enough to survive as well + excellent location , poland has germany , ireland has the uk but who do you have , bulgaria ? 
  you 're one of the most dependent states on the eu , i would n't cheer a change in the status quo of i were you . 
  i am blaming him and his entire group of clowns they call a government , definitely !, 
  literally every country around us , except for italy is reforming their economy and is performing excellently compared to us . 
  there are times i wish we had someone like thatcher in our country . 
  the mistake us * heartland * europeans made is that we also allowed lots of poor , uneducated immigrants in , not only refugees . 
  they then went on and married spouses from their home countries and brought them over , had lots of children and boom , they 're growing exponentially fast . 
  well , i 'm not really a fan of british cuisine to be honest but i do n't think it is that horrible . 
  i 've tried a ` traditional ' english breakfast one time in london and apart from the black pudding , i absolutely loved it . 
  i love british culture in general , be it the humor , english literature or the english language . 
  i love the way you guys do politics and oh god how polite you are . 
  other more relevant reasons i want the uk to stay is the shared history , the strength of the british army , the fact that the both of us are un security council members , ... 
   yeah it 's kinda annoying sometimes , but it 's mostly the result of there being a disproportionate number of english speakers in those countries , so they end up being heavily over-represented on english-language boards like reddit . 
  i have actually never thought about that , good point !, 
  it seemed like a trend started by some reddit americans which just picked out the countries that scored the highest on the happy people index or something , i do n't know . 
  many of them do n't know that denmark or sweden have a smaller non-dynamic population than the netherlands , czech republic , belgium and others . 
  i wo n't even start comparing them to my country , yours , germany or the us ... 
  it 's not that hard to do well when you 're in control of easy manageable countries . 
   interestingly enough , the reason they speak english is precisely because there are so few of them in the first place that their native languages are not particularly useful . 
  so true but expect the downvotes to poor in any given second now . 
  that 's actually what the outside world considers when they look at scandinavia , they 're just small countries that are easy to manage as they have a fairly homogeneous population and were n't affected as much by wars and conflicts like belgium and the netherlands for example . 
  they 're a product of their fairly easy history . 
  as said earlier , i 'd chose the uk above any scandinavian country or all of them combined any time of the day if i had to and that 's definitely not only based on the size of the economies . 
  we love to banter and joke about each other but at least from this side of the channel , there 's real love , appreciation and admiration for the british people and the uk . 
  the day the uk leaves the eu is the day i lose my interest in it , at least in its current form . 
  god , i wonder how long american politicians and the public in general ( those who 're interested in cooperation ) will keep putting up with our illegitimate smugness and stupidity . 
  beautiful continent , shitty nationalistic people . 
  indeed , but / r/europe never has been outside of this forum where the `` nordics '' are gods with their 15 million or so people . 
  some of them have n't realized yet that outside of this forum or even reddit , sweden and denmark are n't important or relevant at all . 
  not that i want them to leave , but if i had to chose between scandinavia or the uk , the decision would fall very quickly . 
  i 'm actually not interested in the eu without the uk . 
  that would leave us and germany is only real powers left , what 's the point ? 
  we could lose a poor eastern european country but definitely not a relevant western european one !, 
  or because it is a shitpost , no need to kiss his ass . 
  oh my , are you serious ? 
  what 's so hard for you to understand my point ? 
  never mind , do n't answer that question , i 'm done , bye !, 
  aww , another angry finn . 
  you guys are really adorable . 
  nationalism ? 
  i criticize france very frequently on here but unlike finns , the french are n't butthurt about it . 
  thank you for the compliments though , proves pretty much my point that finns ( or their sidekicks if you are n't a finn ) ca n't take any criticism .
