  we 're more important than them , we 've a larger population , a richer more global culture , a more attractive nation , you name it ... . . 
  do n't say `` aryan '' then . 
  it 's not a complex , it 's freaking reality . 
  you 'll have to be incredibly brainwashed to believe that western europe is n't superior on almost everything to slovenia and others . 
  i can , without a doubt say , that france is superior to slovenia . 
  race has nothing to do with this , do n't be so butthurt . 
  the dutch do not like germans , they like the flemish . 
  stop sucking their dicks , jesus . 
  additional ? 
  pretty sure my system would save `` us '' ( slovenia can not into my ideal union ) money instead of costing us more . 
   we would n't have to deal ** as much ** with gypsies as we 're doing now . 
  nowhere did that say that that 's the only opinion they have of the netherlands or the dutch . 
  good that you 're confirming stereotypes ( dutch think that the netherlands is heaven on earth , which it definitely is n't . 
  dutch ca n't take criticism and can not self reflect , which is a sign of intelligence . 
  ) , do whatever you need to do to get some sleep tonight . 
  educated and skilled people ( i.e. 
  not drugs and hooker addicts ) in general have a negative opinion about the dutch and your country : http://www.dutchdailynews.com/unfriendly-country-expats/ the french are considered rude ( stereotype based on parisians ) whilst the dutch are in reality just that . 
  they do n't care about that , just say that it 's a non-country with parts of france , germany and the netherlands . 
  all countries i 've listed are western european countries , poland and the baltic states can provide cheap labor . 
  nothing more is needed and we would n't have to deal as much with gypsies as we 're doing now . 
  i 'd exchange greece for the baltics and poland . 
  finland , sweden , norway and austria should join et voila , there 's the most perfect union one can imagine . 
  i 've no idea why the spineless idiots in brussels are n't doing anything . 
  how are we still a democracy when an overwhelming majority of europeans want this to stop ? 
  syrian refugees ? 
  sure . 
  africans ? 
  hell no !, 
  reformist mentality in the uk , germany , benelux and others . 
  we 're stuck in the 20th century . 
  your southern neighbors have chipped id cards . 
  pathetic threat . 
  is ( is ) is in europe because some of their members have citizenship . 
  they do n't come in illegally by boat , they 're flying with turkish airlines straight to heahtrow , cdg , brussels or schiphol . 
  feeling excluded , montenegro ? 
  67 upvotes and no comments ? 
  that 's special . 
  anyways , congratulations glasgow !, 
  i agree , but also the benelux , scandinavia , spain and some others . 
  the french government needs to step up their game and surveil the shit out of the world , collect that data !, 
  on the other hand we need to build systems to protect us from china , iran and other non-ally states . 
  can we stop pretending like we 're state representatives or something ? 
  almost no dutch person on / r/europe knows who sjaak rijke is , knew that he was held hostage and certainly did n't care when he was . 
  on our side , no french person on / r/europe did anything to help free the guy . 
  benelux and italy would never join without us , they love us too much for that and italy would be an enclave then . 
  ancient greece -  debt crisis , that 's it . 
  nop , france !, 
  they 're just ignorant about our history . 
  respecting cultures only goes one way . 
  apparently countries like india , china and iran are very * complex * to understand but our cultures and history as easily understood by all souls on this planet . 
  that would be so cool !, 
  perhaps you should start believing in zeus again , greece was definitely doing better back then , i 'm seeing a correlation !, 
  great !, 
  form a union with denmark and leave belgium and luxembourg alone , that would be great for us !, 
  well of course . 
  underground power lines costs a lot of money , no one does that to provide remote houses and villages with electricity !, 
  the netherlands would n't either if you were a large country . 
  i 've never heard about it , neither do i care that much about sweden or scandinavia to be honest at the moment ( they 're doing very well so no worries there ) . 
  they 're periphery countries whilst we ( fr , ger , uk and the benelux ) are the center states . 
  you tried to counter my claim but failed miserably and now you 're crying ? 
  you 're getting upset because portugal can not join my made up union , seriously ? 
  you 're part of the eu and nato in the real world , why are you crying ? 
  perhaps not hopeless ( got ta stay optimistic ) but definitely `` shitty '' . 
  it 'll only become worse if the neighborhood keeps receiving more and more poor immigrants/refugees though instead of spreading out all over sweden . 
  italy can overcome that , they 've proven that they 're capable of building a strong , prosperous state in the past . 
  germany , you have not provided any serious argument . 
  benelux , besides them being the founding member states of what is now the eu today , they 've the largest and second largest port in europe . 
  they have prosporous states with growing economies , are n't corrupt and are indeed very relevant having for example nato 's hq there . 
  uk you have not provided a serious argument . 
  portugal is n't welcome , sorry . 
  it 's too irrelevant . 
  spain could though if they 'd meet certain requirements . 
  rosengard looks like sevran in paris , i.e. 
  very shitty and hopeless . 
  i completely forgot ireland , you 're free to join !, 
  or he 'd have to hide in the ecuadorian embassy in london . 
  ^ not ^ that ^ i ^ mind ^ assange ^ being ^ hunted ^ down ^ by ^ the ^ authorities ... 
  so all women are gay ? 
  yikes , the end of humanity is near !, 
  the best union would 've been germany , uk , benelux , france and italy , that 's it . 
  the rest is either too poor , corrupt , too insecure , untrustworthy or incredibly irrelevant . 
  edit : + ireland , they 're awesome !, 
  edit ii : ** portugal definitely can not join !, 
  canada still receives more immigrants form europe than from china every year . 
  they do n't stick out as they have the same skin color as native majority canadians and tend to assimilate rather quickly . 
  if anything , canada is becoming more european every year . 
  why should they join ? 
  let them have their currency , who cares ? 
  and it 's idiotic as fuck . 
  lesbians are gay too , you know . 
  responsibility . 
  obviously you 've no idea that maintaining buildings ( and a boat ) costs a lot of money and ... eh never mind , keep doing your idiotic thing , finland . 
  i do n't care . 
  sure !, 
  we more or less rejected your country and now you 're playing the `` oh , but i never wanted to join in the first place !, 
  '' - card , nice try !, 
  either way , i agree . 
  go into politics and spread that message around !, 
  there 's is n't much to know about your small irrelevant country to be honest . 
  rational human beings move against excessive waist of tax money , which is the case now .
