  let me guess ? 
  people who agree with your view are '' * classic * western european '' ( whatever that is supposed to mean ) ? 
  you 're a joke . 
  ha , sure i am !, 
   nah people really think we still wan na join eu or something . 
  you 've done an awesome job but as long as turkey does n't cancel its eu-membership application , it 's factual to believe that turkey wants to join the eu . 
   where muslims supposedly dominate the streets , sharia law governs conduct and police fear to patrol . 
  there are some inaccuracies in that statement but overall , i 'd say it 's not that far away from the truth . 
  it 's not because our political establishment , as expected , is butt hurt that therefore cnn was incorrect . 
  plenty of neighborhoods and areas in certain cities we call `` territories the french republic lost '' . 
  you would 've stand nowhere if we did n't allow your country to join the eu and flooded you guys with development funds , which you guys still depend on . 
  hungary needs to know its place , you 're not like the uk , you will not survive without us unless you 're russia 's bitch that is . 
  awesome , you 're always welcome . 
  they should n't look at us . 
  germany and sweden are new to the mass immigration game ( they done some in the past and then stopped ) . 
  france , belgium and the netherlands have already taken in a lot of refugees and immigrants . 
  i recently graduated and i 've scored a job in investment banking as well . 
  i would n't be able to afford your apartment with the wage i 'm getting . 
  american jobs that demand some skills pay * really * well , i might emigrate , 
  so you 're about the size of belgium . 
   my $ 1500/month apartment down here is bigger than my brother 's $ 6000/month apartment in manhattan how can you even afford that ? 
  my brother is a gp and he does n't even earn that much per month . 
  us wages are insane . 
  that 'll probably change in a decade or two , you know , we got ta stay `` competitive '' and all that ... 
  hop over the border if you want to have some real fun !, 
  seriously ? 
  basically the entire world shits on us or does n't portray us accurately in ( comedy ) shows . 
  it 's fun , it 's humor , no one should give a shit !, 
  you should praise them for mentioning you guys , not a lot of average folk are even aware of your existence outside of europe . 
  '90s publicity . 
  well we were a defeated country then . 
  i reject all previous agreements and treaties which france signed that forced us to leave `` belgium '' alone . 
   all belgium really did since being conceived is serve as a battleground between the germans , french , and brittish . 
  belgium was n't even a thing in 1815 . 
  i still see them as the rebellious ** northern france ** that they are . 
  ftfy . 
  now i agree a 100 % . 
  i know they succeeded from the netherlands , but they 're naturally a part of france . 
  shut up !, 
  you 're dutch speaking french , some of you just do n't realize it yet . 
  he 's joking , calm down . 
  and it is something you irrelevant swedes are jealous of , hence , why you 're trying to become the gay nation of europe . 
  it ` aint going to work , buddy . 
  what in the world is that ? 
  i would n't dare to call that a tram . 
  the cia has poisoned him because he was just about to cause the petrodollar to crash . 
  not only beer , * french * fries for example are eaten in every single country in the world . 
  belgium is quite big in the culinary world , also in the scientific world . 
  they 've got some good musicians too though . 
  i think it 's fair to say that you 're just ignorant in this case . 
  their * existence * annoys us as there 's nothing we 'd rather do than invade them and make them part of our country , at least the french speaking part but their * actions * are almost always friendly towards us though . 
   however , immigration rules are the same for everyone not from the eu , whether they 're from botswana or the us , and even if i 'm not the target demographic i still get caught in the collateral damage . 
  the rules * might * be the same , but meeting the requirements are definitely easier for someone from the us than for someone from botswana . 
   enship changes moved the time to citizenship from 3 years to 6 ... for everybody . 
  good , acquiring citizenship after a mere 3 years is ridiculous . 
  it depends on who you 've spoken to . 
  evidently , younger educated germans will be able to communicate in english but they 're definitely not representative of german society as a whole . 
  oops , forgot to add that grey means non-latin scripts . 
  oh cut the crap !, 
  you know darn well that both the tories as ukip are targeting non-western immigrants who are n't skilled . 
  you are n't , and most likely never will be , a victim . 
  it does make us quite hypocritical though . 
  if / u/sigeberht had n't mentioned that we celebrated the defeat of germans ourselves on $ coins , i would 've never known . 
  our politicians are hypocrites . 
  norway and sweden were n't relevant enough back then to have humans , that 's quite funny . 
   well i remember hearing that germany and the netherlands had made plans to leave the euro in 2012 . 
  wait , what ? 
  uhu , contingency planning is the most normal thing in governance . 
   austerlitz how 's that attacking belgium ? 
  this . 
  the belgians have stromae for example . 
  he 's very popular here , in quebec and other francophone states . 
  not so much in the rest of the world . 
  the dutch are n't really known for their sense of humor , let alone their intelligence . 
  he 's 13 ( and straight ? ), 
  so i bet he was looking forward to all those virgins he 's about to get . 
  france and belgium are brother states , i 'm convinced that they 'll drop this if we contact them and argue why we disagree . 
  this is nothing . 
  because glorious france , duh !, 
  you 'll be relevant for once . 
  no , we take belgium entirely . 
  just try to fight us for it , 
  if we 'd start to seriously reform our economy out of the 20th century , we 'd do just fine instead of the mess we 're in today . 
  now , if they did this on the flemish - walloon/brussels border you 'd see a lot of tensions and hatred between the two people . 
  when will belgians realize that they 're better off under france ? 
  we have a way to assimilate people , we 've a strong social cohesion . 
  well living with and next to glorious france and in a country with 40 % french people for centuries has an affect on people : you 're more civilized and well mannered than the dutch . 
  no , it is n't . 
  spain is considered fully european over here . 
  i 've never heard anyone say that spain is african . 
  i 've never said that we 're part of northern europe , we 're not . 
  we 're part of southern europe and i 'm more than happy with that . 
  however , no matter what the uk thinks , france will never do with greece is doing . 
  we respect the rule of law and we try to act as professional as possible when we 're facing issues , just as the uk does . 
  what in the world ? 
  i was being sarcastic as that 's what the established socialists and communists say when you criticize islam . 
  that 's basically the difference between labor/socialist parties and extreme right wing parties : immigration and islam . 
  extreme right wing parties like fn , vlaams belang ( flanders ) , pvv ( netherlands ) are all leftist on social issues like unemployment , healthcare and the like . 
   i still think you can be a social democrat and deplore islamism ( not islam ) . 
  why are you arguing then if you 're in essence agreeing with what i said to the canadian dude ?
