  ask yourself ? 
   also , even if it was so , why would it even matter ? 
  it does n't matter and it 's awful that you had to go through that ( if that actually happened ) . 
  `` a friend '', 
  sounds like you 're describing your own experience to me ... 
  so you 're bragging about a moocher country that basically lives off of its neighbors and you are n't even swiss yourself ? 
  you sound like a typical low level expat , someone they imported into swiss to clean out some office bathroom . 
  switzerland 's success can be entirely described to its neighbors and our passiveness towards their shitty , selfish behavior . 
  belgium , in fact , tried to do this * way * before switzerland , we crushed them , twice . 
  what support is south east england getting from the rest of the uk ? 
  why would that support be non-existent if they 'd be a separate country ? 
  luxembourg and switzerland are doing pretty well mooching off of their neighbors . 
  correct !, 
  i 'd never say no to an english gentleman . 
  she 'll lose , people are pissed at her and vestager . 
  i really ca n't think of one european country but the uk and ireland that does n't have pretty hot average people , seriously . 
  yup , do n't forget it 's a country of five million people . 
  cut-out south-east england from the rest of the uk and you 'd probably have a country that far exceeds the standard of living of `` scandinavia '' . 
  oh , you 're one of those eastern european brits , got it !, 
  `` actual statistics '' , you 're referring to your crappy index ? 
  spain has been caught red-handed defrauding statistics ( just a couple of days ago for crying out loud !, 
  ) , it 's countries like yours who make indexes like the one you 've linked untrustworthy . 
   i 'm not butthurt because of your crap of an union that 's not actually an union and more like your `` countries-that-i-like-based-on-bullshit '' list ... but rather surprised of how someone can actually eat that shit up all by himself . 
  nop , you 're definitely without a doubt butthurt . 
  you were from the very start . 
  oh , you have n't at all , i 've a thick skin and i 'm an anti-nationalist so i do n't get insulted by comments like yours . 
  people have been attacking france the entire day now , after i 've criticized their own or another country so i was still in that mindset . 
  the funny thing is that i 'm probably the loudest critic of france and our policies . 
  just love how most of you guys try to criticize france but fail miserably at it . 
  there are so many flaws here that you guys could point out to but yet , you guys seem to miss them all . 
  rural france is beautiful and actually well-developed , a horrible example to point out . 
  people from all over europe and the world move to french villages and the countryside for a reason . 
  let me point you towards a direction : pathetic government ? 
  spineless idiotic president ? 
  horrible drivers ? 
  lost neighborhoods ? 
  rude people ? 
  large budget deficits ? 
  lack of reform ? 
  lazy unionized workers ? 
  i mean the options are endless people !, 
  rural france is n't rural poland . 
  perhaps it is because no one cares about it ? 
  i mean , this is something we 'll first hear and read about in the newspaper on monday morning somewhere on page 5 in the corner . 
  full un security council member , able to extract power outside of europe , strong army , one of the leading voices in the eu and europe , ... france is a worldpower . 
  love how you 're butthurt because spain ca n't join my ** imaginary ** union , you 're pathetic . 
  oh yes , we absolutely are . 
  one of the most powerful state in the world is a burden for little 5 million people finland whose on the brink of a financial and economic collapse because of nokia 's phone division bankruptcy . 
  your industry is a laughing stock compared to that of france , which leads the world in countless areas . 
  probably the most important point my government wants to see become reality , and it 's one of the few point i agree with . 
  denmark is insignificant , they 're a small powerless state . 
  they 're more than welcome to join my imaginary union but it is n't a necessity . 
  let 's just say that i wo n't lose any sleep at night when they refuse my imaginary offer . 
   the corruption index for spain it 's not too far from france , actually i do n't care what the corruption index says , spain is still too corrupt . 
  just a couple of days ago the eu decided to fine your country because some autonomous region decided to cook the books . 
  that 's pretty symptomatic for spain and are issues you guys desperately need to address . 
  you were part of the soviet union . 
  then the cia world factbook is the only one that is accurate . 
  spain is too immature , corrupt and hawkish ( gibraltar ) to be part of a true federalized union . 
  i love spain but you 've still got some serious issues you need to address , not until then will you be able to join my imaginary federalized union . 
  the six founding members , austria , denmark , uk , ireland , finland , sweden are the most optimal partners for this . 
  all of us could have used the money we 've lost on greece on ourselves , literally all of us . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that finland is going to rough waters ( again , most of us are - includes especially my country ) , i 'm confident that you guys will do just fine . 
  if not , we 're here to help as finland is without a doubt infinitely more important to us than greece economically . 
   us `` not willing to deepen ties within eu '' is only a side-effect of our internal struggle . 
  sure , i apologize for my premature statement then . 
  i 'm sorry but you guys are eastern european . 
  * similar * is what i 've said . 
   for once candidates are ex-teachers and the like . 
  a parliament filled with actual regular people rather than etonian , oxbridge graduates . 
  ugh , that 's sickening . 
  lithuania perhaps not , but other eastern european countries like estonia definitely do . 
  finland is a political burden as you guys definitely are n't willing to deepen the ties within the eu . 
  finland is not a financial burden , rather the opposite is true . 
  maybe we should just go back to the 6 founding members , the rest is nothing but a political or financial burden . 
  i think estonia leads in the anti-russian propaganda funding to be honest . 
  latvia and lithuania are better at ignoring the schizophrenic idiot in the kremlin . 
  most of us here , except for the hardcore federalists , want the uk to stay in the union . 
  it was a very vicious and polarizing electoral campaign , there 's no way that 'd be able to compromise over that . 
  you 're confusing the shit out of my fellow countrymen and women . 
  last week we read about how you used the germans to spy on us on our industry and now this ... 
  they 've no idea whether they should love or hate you guys . 
   `` starter party '' who are you quoting there ? 
  i 've never used those words nor did i gave the impression that the snp is a `` starter party '' . 
  i 've said that they all of a sudden grew exponentially overnight requiring them to look for new candidates over a short period of time . 
  one of the problems for political parties who grow exponentially over a short period of time , like the snp , is that they 've troubles finding excellent candidates so they end up with opportunists , youngsters , idiots and people who 're unfit in general in the short term . 
  again , no one cares . 
  i 've never heard of `` leuven '' , reuters has never heard of leuven and huawei most likely uses leuven as it is located ` near ' brussels . 
  there 's absolutely no need to point out each and every time that this is the result of fptp , i 'm fairly sure that more than half of / r/europe knows by now . 
  if the uk had a more representative system , they 'd be fucked today having no workable coalition possible . 
  i 'd argue that fptp saved the uk from a belgian style political crisis . 
  nop , antwerp is farther away and it can distinguish itself because of its large port . 
  leuven is known for absolutely nothing internationally + situated incredibly close to brussels . 
  never said belgians do n't give a shit , i 'm saying that the world does n't give a shit . 
  leuven is just brussels , it 's as simple as that . 
  that 's how huawei sees it , that 's how reuters literally says it and that 's how i view it . 
  just let them waste their money on pathetic things , no one cares . 
  it 's not like russia 's population in general can not get more anti-western . 
  besides , i bet the baltics , poland and other countries who 're anti-russian do similar things . 
  article says brussels and according to google maps `` leuven '' is right next to brussels .
