  embrace yourselves for libya . 
  uhu , poor qatar , uae , bahrain , ksa and oman . 
  sure . 
  as for / r/european , i 've never been there and i can assure you that i did n't read it there . 
  it was n't even in a sub related to our continent . 
   i do n't even know what you 're referencing here well , i 've read somewhere that you 're a `` let all the illegal unskilled africans ( not refugees ) in , it 's our duty to help them '' - kinda guy . 
  having read some of your posts in the past , they seemed to confirm that . 
  but yes i do post in many other areas than that - russia-ukraine [ 1 ] , common agricultural policy [ 2 ] , greek crisis [ 3 ] , eu-us trade disputes [ 4 ] , eurasian regional organizations [ 5 ] , eu in general [ 6 ] , etc. 
  these posts are rare , they probably account for 1/5 of what you post . 
  [ you 're welcome !, 
  ] ( http://www.wikihow.com/tie-your-shoes ), 
  what ?!, 
  i 'm being serious , i absolutely adore your country !, 
  do you ever post anywhere else but mass immigration ( in its illegal form ) , refugee and ttip threads ? 
   postdoctoral position ... and you do n't have the skills to look basic political information up about a certain country ? 
  ` murica !, 
  how horrible the world would 've been without you guys !, 
  great !, 
  i 'd rather be a south korea ( - the north korean conflict ) and japan , being left alone prospering without being responsible for anything that happens on the globe than what we have now . 
  they 're living the dream whilst we always have to act responsibly ( read : against our own interest ) . 
  why ? 
  is n't it a good thing that western countries , who share the same values and economical principles as the us are part of this ? 
  yes but a bunch of them are now here . 
  that 's pretty much it , people who never experienced the gypsies we have in western europe ( they originate from eastern europe mostly ) always assume that we just dislike them for no reason whatsoever . 
   their coalition partner has announced that they want to ban english in universities ( danish only ) are they french ? 
   ' t have a problem with fewer scientist coming to denmark as a result of cutting work visas plain stupid . 
   danish person to live here with their non-eu wife oh , so if they 're male than it 's ok ? 
   in september we will have a government that will make you proud . 
  ridiculous statement . 
  i 'm very much pro-globalization in the sense that i support immigration that we need : skilled people . 
  being against non-skilled africans who jump the fence in spain/morocco does n't make me anti-immigration !, 
  i 'm specifically talking about the swedish government and its immigration policy , which is a mess . 
  ergo , why they and the un ask for help from other european states . 
  because that 's exactly what i said . 
  sure , let 's compromise . 
  you get to keep your cross , if you do [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/ifvvlap ) . 
  i 'm talking about sweden specifically . 
  permanent residency that leads to citizenship for refugees = loss of sanity . 
  are you sure ? 
  we have n't fought for years now in europe , we 're kinda bored . 
  sounds pretty good . 
  get that cross off of your flag and we 'll protect you from the swedes !, 
  have n't you kissed swiss 's ass enough already ? 
  i 've given you a special tag , 
  pretty much . 
  in fact , i 'm going to buy me some later today when i 'm at the store . 
  so being able to abort the fetus a rapist placed inside of you is n't positive news ? 
  i do but i 've no idea if he likes/dislikes western europeans . 
  we 've le pen and in general she does n't dislike western europeans , just wondering what wilders thinks of all of us . 
  lol , le pen did the same thing but then about wallonie . 
  what would he answer according to you ? 
  only the germans ? 
  just to be fair , although you do have a point , i 'd rather be spied on by my own government than by a foreign government . 
  everyone can do as they please , germany and france are going to clean it up . 
   you guys used to hate us during ww1 during ww2 and actually for a pretty long time after ww2 i wonder why ? 
   it took quite a bit of time will things got all nice and fuzzy between our countries  i think the best accomplishment is the relation between to two of us and the uk !, 
  we were fighting like crazy less than a 100 years ago , now our leaders look like they 're in love !, 
  germany can engineer funny humor , that 's not even a problem !, 
  do the dutch actually dislike anyone ? 
   have a national debate . 
  the same can be said about germany : stop giving free military technology to israel , support it in un resolutions whilst no one else does , lift the ban of `` mein kampf '' , ... you guys are still traumatized . 
  this would n't be that controversial in many parts of france/germany , belgium and the netherlands . 
  i consider belgium and luxembourg to be part of france , do n't mind my silliness . 
  yes !, 
  i want to hug spaniards , italians , swiss , germans and the dutch , great idea !, 
  having nato 's headquarter right next door seems beneficial , though . 
   honestly , i do n't really care . 
  brussels seems as good as any place , and better than most . 
  if there 's going to be an eua then it will , without a doubt , be headquartered in brussels . 
  i see that croatia integrated very well in the western world , welcome !, 
  you 'll have lots of fun defending us when hearing idiotic attacks not only from russia , but from anywhere in the world !, 
  lol , just googled it . 
  it 's right across the river from washington d.c. 
  another strong argument is that brussels is very close to london and paris , the two countries with the strongest armies in the eu . 
  i would love to have it in paris but the brits would probably lose their minds . 
  whatever city one proposes , brussels will always be the best option . 
  that 's a silly argument . 
  it would rather confuse than galvanize people . 
  brussels is not `` a tiny place '' , it 's the heart of europe . 
  it is * the * most recognized city globally when discussing european politics and nato , oh and swift has its hq there too . 
  brussels has build a relationship with top diplomats from all over the world ( having to travel there often , having to live there or other things has an effect on people ) , it 's just silly to move it to poland just because . 
  let us not forget that brussels is very close to both paris and london , two cities who control the only significant armies left on our continent . 
  brussels it will be , my austrian friend . 
   500 british jihadists how does that mean that they do n't posses dual citizenship ? 
  in case you did n't know , jihadism and islamism are * foreign * ideologies that do * not * originate from western europe . 
  there are n't many of those . 
  so western europe should deport all jihadists that have dual citizenship ? 
  awesome !, 
  yes , it 's the ideal place for them to network . 
  it 's like a business seminar . 
  that 's just silly . 
  the danish can screw things up too , think of the fat tax they introduced a couple of years ago . 
  do n't read the racist comments towards us underneath the article , it 's rubbish . 
  absolutely . 
  governments all over the world issue statements on crimes committed by their citizens abroad all the time . 
  your suggestion that just because it 's about serbia that therefor no one cares is ludicrous . 
   if something had happened to a eu or french citizen in serbia , the comments sure would n't be as lacking perhaps , it depends on how the serbian government handles the issue . 
  so you expect president hollande or a state representative to issue a statement on this publicly ? 
  arrogance is my thing . 
  you got me , i 'm feeling * really * guilty now .
