  instead of ertms , the entire eu should adopt to ** our ** superior standards !, 
  damn putin !, 
  so childish , what else can one expect from football/soccer fans ? 
  hey , cdg is indeed horrible but i 'd say heathrow is in the same league in my experience . 
  so ( close to ) summer season and superior traveling comfort than the alternatives ? 
  i 'd call that pretty cheap actually . 
  when the french , the brits and the belgians work together , great things get accomplished : the eurostar !, 
  same with us : spain and belgium , i feel ignored . 
  at least both of us have germany !, 
  culture and history , without a doubt . 
  we were separated for 5 important decades that shaped the world , our differences are still too large to consider ourselves as one culturally . 
  i fully agree with / u/dickinsonsrocket : everything west of the iron curtain and greece is part of western europe . 
  the rest is part of eastern europe . 
  plenty of foreign financial assets are parked in switzerland , this should n't surprise us . 
  luxembourg would probably score as high or even higher if they were included . 
  belgium , netherlands and sweden score best . 
  source : https://www.allianz.com/v_1411376219000/media/economic_research/publications/specials/en/agwr14e.pdf, 
  ah , thanks !, 
  that 's still pretty low , i expected more . 
  i do n't hate denmark or the danish , i just dislike vestager - that 's a right i have . 
  yes , she happens to be danish ( though , that ought to be irrelevant as a commissioner ) but that does not mean that i hate `` all things danish '' , ludicrous !, 
  furthermore , i criticize anything and everything when i think criticism is justified - i 've been called a finland , flemish belgium , scandinavia , netherlands , eastern europe and denmark hater just for expressing my views . 
  / r/europe likes to cuddle other countries ( for karma ? 
  ) , i am not going to take part in that . 
  i 'd also like to point out that there is n't a single country in the eu that i criticize more than my own - france . 
   belgocontrol is responsible for controlling the civil airspace from ground to 24,500 feet ( about 7,500 metres ) above belgium and for the space between 14,500 and 24,500 feet above luxembourg . 
  such a moocher country !, 
  i sincerely hope that she and her party lose the elections ; no vestager anymore in the next eu commission !, 
  3 observations/questions : - why in the world does poland have so many eurosceptic ( ecr ) seats ? 
  - belgium 's , which i thought was strongly pro-eu , second largest ep group is the ecr of the british tories , wtf !, 
  - sweden , who i always thought was `` meh '' about the eu , does n't have a single eurosceptic seat ? 
  awesome !, 
   i 'm a muslim living in the netherlands , i 'm a first-generation `` highly-skilled/knowledge-based migrant '' based on the dutch government 's own classification , so even though most dutch muslims that i know of are second or third generation immigrants that have integrated well within the dutch society , i am part of those muslims who you claim to be `` imported '' by the government . 
  but the simple truth is , i can choose to live anywhere in the world due to my skill set and experience . 
  i have lived in half dozen european countries , and yet i choose to settle here because i feel that the dutch culture are the incredibly friendly towards people from different cultures . 
  your bragging skill is through the roof , that 's for sure . 
  either way , you 're still privileged to be able to live in the netherlands . 
  if you do n't agree with dutch society or dutch politics , you 're free to move to another country , which would n't be a problem since you 're `` highly skilled '' and countries are apparently begging you to come over . 
   i 'm not playing the racist card . 
  ha , you just did . 
  how many times have i said `` in general '' ? 
  i 've never said * all * turks once , so again , go cry me a river . 
  oh and it is factual , i almost never see or hear other people but turks hanging flags on their cars or through their windows . 
  talking the entire time about how awesome turkey is ( it is n't , at all ) , how awesome turkish food is , etc. 
  i 've never seen an arab leader come to france , germany , belgium or the netherlands to speak to the diaspora there and manage to fill the entire venue , unless it is erdogan . 
  if it were n't for islam ( which affects the arabs the most ) , the turks , in general , would be the least integrated minority in western society . 
  bye now !, 
  ... and there we have the racist card * again * . 
  you 've abused it so much that no one really cares anymore . 
  go cry me a river . 
  it 's not a ridiculous statement . 
  turks in general are pathetically nationalistic . 
  you 're right though , it 's not scary ( lol , who is scared of turks ? ), 
  it 's hilarious and sad at the same time . 
  i actually just edited my comment and included them !, 
  relevant europe ( excluding germany and italy ) has already recognized it . 
  nope , not like the turks . 
  your nationalism is pretty scary ( read : pathetic !, 
  ) , it 's very nazi like . 
  we just ca n't work with the dutch on deeper levels , look at belgium if you need evidence . 
  i 'd rather both go separate ways . 
  what you 're hearing here from the dutch is influenced by our values . 
  the low countries share our values in this case which the brits ( and those that fallow you on this - e.g. 
  the scandinavians ) simply do n't understand . 
  turks in germany love to vote for turkey !, 
  they 're , as they are everywhere , pretty nationalistic . 
  it 's a freaking airline and it is a business , stop bitching about it !, 
  the americans do n't even have a flag-carrier which is excellent if you want to avoid all this nationalist bullshit . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  most news posted here are from east-european countries or the scandinavians , both pretty irrelevant in the real world . 
  there 's almost nothing about italy , germany , uk , spain , france or portugal . 
  as someone that visits/reads countless country subreddits , / r/australia is probably one of the worst offenders of downvoting . 
  they 're pathetically anti-us , pro-chinese and insanely left-wing . 
  you can fuck off anytime you like , flemish clay is french clay !, 
  jesus , did you even watch the video ? 
  he did n't do anything offensive , unlike farage often does !, 
  wizzair ? 
  other low cost airlines ? 
  actually it was to * protect * belgium from the germans . 
  i think belgium ( near flanders fields , ypres ? ), 
  has the largest british , australian and nz cemetery on the continent . 
  funny thing is that we 're still going to belgium to sort out our problems - eu & nato . 
  that 'll be one empty train then if they build it . 
  sweden does n't even have the infrastructure equipped to handle hst . 
  what 's next , hst to finland ? 
  what a waste of money . 
  i do n't consider them to be part of the eu 's heartland . 
  they connect the eu 's heartland with one another : france , spain , italy , belgium , netherlands , uk and germany . 
  again , there was no state . 
  native american scan fuck off . 
  it took you 5 minutes ( * you * downvoted me after the first minute ) to come up with that lame excuse ? 
  weak . 
  there was no state so no one was legal or illegal back then . 
  love how you ignore the woman on her right , she 's practically double the size of the women on tess 's left side . 
  afraid to be called a racist ? 
  chimay ( belgium ) , without a doubt . 
  ... says the hungarian . 
  stating the truth does n't make me envious at all . 
  i 've an above average standard of living in france and i have the opportunity to move to switzerland very soon ( which i 'll decline ) , no reason at all to be bitter about the swiss . 
  i 've no idea why you 're doing that .
