  makes me question who the real nationalist is here . 
  i 've discussed why this system would n't work in france , i did not discuss the fine this guy got and the internal debate it sparked in your country - which i ca n't give a flying fuck about . 
  contrary to popular believes on / r/europe , the netherlands is still very much a car orientated society . 
  finns are actually really adorable when they 're angry , love it !, 
  so i guess i 've actually find something i like about your country . 
  aww an angry finn , so cute !, 
  finland can give all it has , it 'll never even come close to us . 
  the only contenders in europe are the uk and germany , that 's it . 
  finland is actually on the bottom in western europe in terms of relevancy . 
  finland can give all it has , it 'll never even come close to us . 
  the only contenders in europe are the uk and germany , that 's it . 
  finland is actually on the bottom of western europe in terms of relevancy . 
  i do n't care at all about your * internal * matters , which is what this article discusses . 
  you guys are very easily offended . 
  i 've managed to piss off half of finland again by a simple comment , would 've been hilarious if it were n't pathetic and sad . 
  my post was very clear : i was arguing why a similar system ` works ' in finland but does n't in more relevant countries . 
  my reply was not directed towards the specific case this article is about , which is an internal finnish matter which makes me de facto not care about it at all . 
  mad ? 
  i 'm not mad at all , i like to criticize countries that can not take any criticism , finland is definitely one of them . 
  so a couple of foreigners and your entire system collapses ? 
   and we have plenty of russian cars here on our roads . 
  our definition of `` plenty '' differ immensely then . 
  french roads are literally blocked for dozens of kilometers due to international traffic . 
  seeing a russian car twice a year in helsinki is n't `` plenty '' in my book . 
  but what about foreigners ? 
  see , that 's a question you do n't have to ask in finland as there are no foreign cars on finnish roads , except for a swede or two ( which there are n't many of either ) . 
  how 's european art not relevant ? 
  it 's not with the us so they 're free to add isdss into the agreement , they can lower our food protection laws , fuck over copyright laws and more . 
  my intelligent eu brother and sisters do n't care , as long as it is n't with the us !, 
  yup , in a country with a mere 5 million people and almost no international traffic you have the time , personnel and money to have personalized fines . 
  if they tried to do this in france , germany , switzerland or belgium , countries with large populations , lots of ( international ) traffic , the administration that 's responsible for the fines would go mental within 24 hours . 
  the greenery and that nearby village look very beautiful . 
  is this just an temporarily art thing ? 
  france still has some experimenting left , sure but it sure as hell is n't what it used to be . 
  1 ) exactly my point , the uk even fails at that . 
  2 ) your opinion . 
  3 ) it 's not misplaced , we 've lost our edge . 
  mega projects are very common in the us and east asia , they are n't over here . 
  we 'd rather spend our time and money on social welfare . 
  how many slovenians are there anyway , 500 000 or even less ? 
  not that hard when you did n't export shit 25 years ago but i 'll join the club , good job poland !, 
  i 'm french and i 'm speaking for western europe : we 've lost our edge !, 
  you 're ( uk ? ), 
  even struggling to build an actual high-speed railway for crying out loud , something that germany , france , spain , belgium and italy already have . 
  get your shit together , britain !, 
  back in the day when we took risks , build things and experimented in western europe , that engine unfortunately stopped !, 
  she 's a selfish woman and we do n't care about her . 
  i still remember her deciding to go after geo-blocking because miss stavenger or whatever her name is could n't watch her danish series in brussels , belgium , boo fucking hoo !, 
  we 've had a series of poor quality danish politicians now in the eu commission , is there really nothing else in copenhagen ? 
  how does gazprom affect miss vestager directly ? 
  remember that this is the woman that decided to go after geo-blocking because she could n't watch her danish shows ( which she payed for ! ), 
  in brussels . 
  still , you 've got a reputation of dismissing international agreements you 've signed when you 've second thoughts . 
  the netherlands ignoring international treaties and agreements , quelle surprise !, 
  but this goes very far . 
  i do n't think we 'd help another country to expand at something we 're directly competing with . 
  i know it 's a win-win but we 'd just not do it at all , i think this applies to the rest of the eu as well . 
  walloon belgians are flocking flemish cities and villages just over the language border , the french are doing the same thing just over the french-flemish border . 
  there 's a reason for those strict language laws and the rise of flemish nationalism . 
  i 'm on the side that believes they 'll eventually lose in these tolerant times . 
  they do n't have to be willing , flanders has been `` frenchifing '' for decades now which is why they 've those strict dutch language laws . 
  give it a century or so and the whole of flanders will be just like brussels , majority french speaking . 
  it 's different . 
  they 're all island people and that 's what unite them . 
  in europe , that 'll be different . 
  yes , i would n't mind either france bordering the netherlands but then north of anvers and not south of courtrai . 
  excuses , excuses , that 's all i 'm hearing . 
  we could do something similar to the eu where we 're all * equal * partners . 
  a union without poor or irrelevant members , without countries who did n't share our centuries long common history and without obstructing members !, 
  who gives a shit about those islands ? 
  europe , our home countries , is what 's relevant . 
  if you 're going to expand , start with france or germany . 
  denmark has nothing to do with relevant europe !, 
  incorporate flanders and you 'll have us as neighbors . 
  two smug neighbors , what could go wrong ? 
  oh , really ? 
  you went through my comment history because i injected some reality into / r/europe , i.e. 
  that finland is irrelevant ? 
  sorry to say this but your ticket will get `` wasted '' . 
  i 'm very much convinced that whoever you 're transferring this ticket to , is n't going to take the flight . 
  save yourself the hassle of calling the airline and changing the name on the ticket and take it as a lesson : * book a travel cancellation insurance next time or a flexible ticket * !, 
  very sweet offer though !, 
  what discussion ? 
  it 's freaking finland , no one really cares . 
  just give us the results and some commentary when they 're available . 
  edit : somehow i 've managed to piss off half of finland again , awesome !, 
  `` the prisons where the norwegian prisoners will live will have norwegian management and be run according to norwegian rules but the general staff will be dutch . '', 
  americans , unfortunately , are obsessed with being victims . 
  anyone but straight white males is a victim of society and deserves special privileges . 
  it 's insane . 
  as if the u.s. can just copy/paste the `` nordic '' system . 
  hell , even western europe ( germany , benelux , france , uk , ... ) does n't even copy it as our societies are more complicated than theirs . 
  haha , that 's hilarious !, 
  eh , who cares ? 
  there 's nothing to reflect on , un data is a joke . 
  furthermore , you must be the largest idiot on this planet to think that slovenia is superior to france . 
  i 'd bet that 80 % or more of people on this planet never heard of that irrelevant , small , eastern european country . 
  now , go cry in a corner like all easterners do . 
  and of course the dick sucking american has arrived , ca n't miss them in a conversation . 
  even if we were communist until the early '90s , we 'd still be superior to slovenia .
