i see exactly where you 're coming from . 
  flags have been used in so many negative ways throughout history . 
  claiming people 's lands , distinguising friend from enemy . 
  i also agree that , like seeing coca-cola plastered everywhere at a festival , seeing a flag feels kind of counter to what the festival should be about - unity , humanity , music . 
  that being said , i think the intention of the people waving the flags is important . 
  my optimistic hope is that people are n't thinking `` woo go france '' when they 're holding the flag , but rather `` shout out to my french brethren , love from france to all '' . 
  it may seem nationalistic , but i do n't think that 's a dirty word when we 're proud of our homes in a way that does n't imply superiority or exclusion . 
  if the picture showed exclusively british or belgians flags or whatever , i 'd have the same problem with it you did , but the diversity represented and the joy they all seem to be sharing together , makes it kind of heart warming . 
  it 's almost a perfect counterpoint to situations where we see flags stamped on tanks or soldiers uniforms , you see the flag draped around an actual person , a jubilant person , and i think thats symbolically important these days . 
  lastly , i 'm a bit of a flag buff and , honestly , i just love the colors !, 
  at a music festival , the more colors the better !, 
   thinking somebody is even remotely interested where they 're from ? 
  absolutely that 's why . 
  something tells me you have n't been to many music festivals but there 's a real sense of togetherness that develops among participants . 
  you become brothers and sisters in music , not just because you happen to share the same tastes , but because you are experiencing music as a collective . 
  it 's truly one of the pinnacles of human interaction to collectively appreciate art in any of it 's forms , but music especially offers an energy and pureness that really is n't matched anywhere else . 
  so why the flags ? 
  well , in my personal opinion it 's celebrating togetherness through diversity . 
  if i 'm beside you at a concert and you 're enjoying the music alongside me , chances are theres already an unspoken bond we share , when i look across the crowd , i feel i share a bond with all these people . 
  i have never felt such a shared humanity with so many people than when i was at music festivals . 
  the flags are there to celebrate the fact that even though we come from different reaches of the globe , even though we come from different backgrounds and celebrate different cultures , that we are all here collectively and we are all sharing in this moment together . 
  but if it 's all about togetherness , why the need to point out differences or even bring up nationality ? 
  well , it 's because unlike a political rally or a soccer game , a music festival relishes in the fact that the people you are connecting with are not a monolith , they are simply humans who are reacting and moving and feeling alongside you . 
  look in the crowd , you have some european flags , but you also have a canadian flag , a columbian flag ( or venezuelan . . ca n't be bothered to double check ) ... all these people have come from all corners of the globe to experience * this * moment with * these * people with whom , even though they have never met before , are now sharing in something that is undeniably human and undeniably special . 
  if the flags were n't there , you might assume that all the people you 're sharing this moment with are from your home town , or from your region , by seeing the diversity symbolically presented through flags , the gravity of this shared human experience is further heightened . 
  sorry if this explanation was too much about the feels . 
  that 's just how i see it . 
  i think the author was being metaphorical and does not actually believe that russia is a feudal state and that ukraine is it 's literal vassal . 
  you 're right that satellite state would be a better term to use , purely because it 's less sensationalist . 
  depends firstly on the country , secondly on the region within the country , and thirdly on whether you know any other languages other than the official language of the country . 
  not knowing english anywhere in uk , you will have no luck . 
  not knowing french in paris , but having a strong command of english , you may have a bit of luck . 
  anywhere else in france , french is all but necessary . 
  in the scandinavian countries and to a degree the netherlands , knowing english but not the national language , it is still relatively easy to find work if your skills are in demand . 
  in a place like germany , knowing english * may * be enough , knowing english * and * french , is a much better bet . 
  depending upon your particular skillset , a strong command of english can help you in a lot of the less developed countries , romania , poland , slovakia , etc. 
  your strong english skills will offset your lack of local language skills . 
  that being said , that primarily only is applicable in jobs where knowing english is a big part of what you do , i.e. 
  government work , work in higher education etc. 
  yeah everyone forgets guy fawkes ' intention was to destroy the parliament in order to enstate a theocracy ... 
  ok , but we should make a distinction between marxist communism , a socio-economic ideology , and stalinism which is essentially only communist in name and closer to totalitarianism as a political model . 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with communism , but there is something wrong with using or extolling * soviet * symbols , values or ideologies . 
  more like '' i broke it , i 'm so sorry !, 
  please forgive my stupidity !, 
  wait ... 
  i can sue ? 
  yeah . . 
  fuck you guys . '', 
  this is a metaphor for our current society in so many ways . 
  wait . 
  can i try something . 
  british , probably english . 
  not london . 
  mid 20s but probably closer to 30 than you 'd like . 
  degree in something economics related , but not from anywhere particularly impressive . 
  job in the field of your degree , but not going anywhere especially quickly . 
  middle management , but mostly cause you 've been there long enough , not because you 're particularly skilled . 
  single . 
  and a poor history with women . 
  you have high standards you tell yourself . 
  `` you shouldnt '' your id whispers back . 
  give me a score out of 5 , will ya ? 
  you can do me if you want , you even got a head start with the romanian , ec info, 
  http://www.rayfowler.org/2007/07/24/map-of-the-worlds-religions/ christianity and islam have about the same percentage of the followers around the world : 20 % islam , about 23 % christianity ( including all denominations ) . 
  take a look at the map and see under which category most third world countries fall : islam , or christianity ? 
  better yet : name one muslim country that is first world and which has had violent riots of any sort ? 
  ( so dubai and qatar do n't count . 
  what ? 
  no way , the affluent muslim countries arent violent ? 
  must be a coincidence . . ), 
  i should have looked at your comments . 
  you 're in your parents basement getting off on being ignorant on the internet arent you . 
  damn it . 
  point to to you sir . 
  i have been , as they say , trolled . 
   there are poor people all over the world following every religion imaginable which religion is the major religion of most third world countries ? 
  out of all religions , which one is followed by almost exclusively an impoverished populace ? 
  christianity ? 
  judaism ? 
  shinto ? 
  every religion has it 's bad apples . 
  islam , by nature not only of its large population , but by its large * impoverished * population , has the most . 
  im not from moldova . 
  i moved to canada from romania . 
  my father owns a drilling company and i 'm graduated and working for the european commission . 
  i did do it . 
  your turn . 
  well are n't you lucky to have ancestors that worked hard just so you can sit here and criticize those who did n't have as fortunate of a lineage . 
  bravo sir . 
  you 're like the poster * child * of undeserved success . 
  i do n't disagree with either of your points . 
  mohammeds influence on muslims is a problem . 
  just like the bible 's claim that god hates gay people is also a problem . 
  the ideal solution would be to wave a wand and teach every person in the world to think rationally and to not blindly follow any religion . 
  unfortunately thats an impossible solution . 
  if we look at the socio-economic root causes of muslim violence , we will have a better chance of preventing extremism and fundamentalism . 
  my argument is that the main difference between islam and christianity ( for example ) is that christians , statistically speaking , are more affluent which automatically means they have access to more education and more education leads to skepticism and leads away from extremism . 
  ( the bible is just as misogynistic as the qoran , christians just tend to ignore that part because they 're educated and thus find it ridiculous ) we can hate on muslims all day , but hate will never erase hate . 
  all im going to say is its easy to be an armchair quarterback . 
  i dont think you 've seen a third world country so your perspective needs work .
