  soo for a moldovan to not be a fuck out he would have to find a way out of the country ... any way possible ... perhaps illegal ways ... also , even though you 're probably not be serious , the concept of moral luck applies perfectly here . 
  if you have a moment and are interested in philosophy : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moral_luck, 
  its like if you made a video critisizing washington that said `` oooooo washington was racist and owned slaves '' sure its true , but its a shitty criticism and it shouldnt really bother anyone who really thinks about it . 
  what are you trying to say by the way , that this video is somehow and intelligent criticism of islam ? 
  i 'm all for criticizing religion , but theres enough legitimately wrong with religion to not really need to resort to the awful quality arguments of the video . 
  come on , you didnt find the video tacky or at all needlessly over the top ? 
  as if its goal was not intelligent discourse but provocation ? 
  also , you should know that i 'm fully atheist and have no love for * any * religion . 
  i just think that singling out islam 's `` inherent violence '' as the cause of muslim rage is counter productive and will only divide us further . 
  theres a billion muslims in the world . 
  religious fundamentalism thrives in impoverished places . 
  the * vast * majority of countries where islam is the principle language are third world countries ( name one that is n't , i challenge you ) do those facts mean nothing to you ? 
  you 're being very selective in your evidence . 
  sure the catholic clergy do n't organize terrorism , but they do engage in lots of child diddling . 
  what does that mean to you ? 
  the fact that theres people in the muslim community with power and influence who want to use that influence for evil doesnt mean much . 
  theres people in the european community who are the same . 
  the difference is that the muslim pychos get much more support from the common rabble because a ) the common muslim is mad at what he perceives is the unfairness of the world against his people ( cant blame him for thinknig that considering the above facts , though he 's still wrong ) and b ) the common muslim has nothing to lose . 
  im not sure what point you 're trying to make even . 
  that islam as a religion is more inherently violent than other religions ? 
  that in a vaccuum islam is an eviler religion than most ? 
  breivik was affluent and religous as well . 
  doesnt prove anything except that crazy comes in all colors and creeds . 
  everyone back then was a pedophile . 
  the misconception is that mohammed was somehow unique in being one . 
  maybe i 'm missing something but i do n't see what the big deal is . 
  it 's not like its an especially intelligent or cutting criticism of islam . 
  it 's literally a gross exaggeration based on complete misconceptions . 
  why more muslims are n't able to laugh it off and feel sorry for the film makers shitty film making and lack of intellect is beyond me ... protip : most muslims do brush it off , unfortunatly the loudest ( stupidest ) voices are the ones that are most often heard . 
  i highly doubt that those neighborhoods are n't impovershed . 
  if you have any proof that they are in fact affluent please share . 
  also , moving to a civilized country doesnt automatically make you wealthy . 
  i can garauntee you that out of all the professional jobs in a country like belgium and sweden , a vast majority are held by non-muslims . 
  and the muslims that do hold professional jobs are by and large not extreme . 
  do n't get me wrong though . 
  i 'm not saying that sweden or belgium are directly to be blamed for the economic problems of the muslim world . 
  i 'm just saying that if you want to curb radicalism in all religions , the answer is education and access to wealth . 
  how education ( which is the first step to affluence ) can be imposed on a muslim population that fears westernization in all forms , is the golden question . 
  i am not religious in the slightest . 
  and i think we agree that * all * religion is bad and the world would be better off without it . 
  my point is that singling out islam for being * particularly * bad misses the root cause of violence : shitty economic conditions, 
  literal islam is just as bad as literal christianity / judaism . 
  do you want to know why muslims just happen to be more literal in their interpretation of religion ? 
  economic disparity . 
  it 's no coincedince that the most violent religion is also that of some of the most impovershed people on the globe . 
  nobody burns down an embassy when they have a house and car to go home to . 
  is it just me or does he actuallly make quite a strong argument * for * federalisation ? 
   the lack of a federal europe is not the cause of the problems in greece or portugal no , but a stricter fiscal union could have prevented it . 
   let 's look at the facts . 
  the lack of a federation in the european union did not contribute to the crisis in greece : it was easy money . 
  interest rates declined in countries that have little [ financial ] credibility . '' this is a very astute point . 
  the eu gave greece the oppurtunity to increase it 's growth by giving it increased financial credibility . 
  what did it do with this oppurtunity ? 
  it greedily gobbled itself into the ground by using its `` sovereign right '' to make its own decision to spend far more than it possibly should have . 
  ( of course , i refer to corrupt greek businessmand and to some degree the greek government . 
  i truly feel for the greek populace )  the introduction of the euro [ single currency ] was accompanied by the introduction of the growth and stability pact , which required that deficits in the eurozone should not exceed 3 percent . 
  but [ the breaking of this treaty ] was tolerated excellent point . 
  it 's not the rules themselves that are the problem , but the fact that member states break those rules . 
  sounds like something a stricter fiscal union might solve ...  some european economies are doing quite well , because of they are enacting better economic policy that is exactly correct . 
  would n't it be smart if , via a stricter fiscal union , some of those `` better economic policies '' were applied to member-states which currently had/have shitty economic policies ( i.e. 
  greece ) ? 
  good article though . 
  my question to the poles out there . 
  i see that poland is pretty anti-federalism . 
  is this because of the feeling that poland has fought long and hard to have it 's own state and culture and it 'll be damned if it will just hand over it 's hard-earned sovereignty to some supranational orginization ? 
  is it an opposition based more upon culture as opposed to politics / economics ? 
  this is the most adorable threat i 've ever heard, 
  honestly , this seems like its a positive consequence of the economic downturn . 
  both for greek and romanian students , and for romanian universities . 
  i 'm not sure what the author is getting at . 
  that if somehow the banana republic and gap were replaced by more expensive stores ( tiffany and co he has no problem with ) that it would somehow make it more french ? 
  id understand if he wanted the champs to have more french fashion stores perhaps , but i think he 's missing the point if he 'd be ok with a rolex store and a bugatti dealership setting up shop . 
  the importance of the champs elysees is cultural , it has nothing to do with how highly priced and exlcusive the shopping is ... 
  and to think , all he had to do was move the guy after robbing him and he would have gotten away scot free . 
  `` local robber steals , but also doesnt leave man to die '' probably wouldnt have caused all the outrage that led to the huge influx of tips for police . 
  there 's corrupt people everywhere . 
  what romania and moldova have in abundance however is large scale impoverishment . 
  romanians and moldovans as a people are as corrupt as any other nation . 
  its simply that many of them live in a country where corruption is a necessary part of survival . 
  lets not act that if , for example , the dutch population was transplanted into impoverished moldova , they wouldnt seek whatever means necessary to get out , corrupt , or not . 
   but is it practical for the eu to let in anyone who wants to come ? 
  of course not . 
  no of course not . 
  thats not what i was implying , though i see how it could come across that way . 
  i was simply stating that they do n't * deserve * to live in an impoverished country , not that the solution is for them to leave and go to another country . 
  ideally , the answer to illegal immigration is to make the home immigrant 's country desirable to live in . 
  of course , due complicated socio-political issues , this is far from a simple process . 
  what i was trying to say in my last post was simply that illegal immigration policy often revolves around physically stopping illegal immigrants , rather than fighting the root causes . 
  edit : for clarity, 
  honestly , the simplest , and also the most complicated , solution to illegal immigration is to improve the conditions of the immigrants home country . 
  moldova is a heap . 
  no one wants to live there . 
  but do the people who lost the geographic lottery and ended up being born there really deserve to live their entire lives in an impoverished country ? 
  too many times we blame the illegal immigrants themselves when really any of us would do the same in their position . 
  a small degree of federal control is certainly necessary . 
  mostly as a regulator more than anything . 
  the regulations do n't have to be strict , simply enough to ensure that there is n't disparity between member states in crucial institutions like education and healthcare . 
  i do n't think you * really * understand the concept of a federal state . 
  it does n't just delegate responcibilities down the hierarchy , it delegates away * certain * responcibilities which are better governed at a more local/regional level . 
  you ca n't deny that some aspects of government , like military for example , are more efficiently governed at the state level , while other sectors of government , such as public transportation , are better dealt with at a local level .
