oh you are . 
  are you kidding ? 
  he means racists, 
  well that 's unlike them, 
  was n't a british woman sentenced to death or something for naming a teddy bear mohammed ? 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  the daily mail is a joke . 
  please no . 
  the daily mail does not represent the uk . 
  you still spend more on healthcare . 
  americans actually pay more taxes towards healthcare than most countries with socialised medicine . 
  the privatisation of healthcare makes the cost of things like medicaid astronomical . 
  the `` more money '' is gdp per capita , notedian income, 
  i 'd be uncomfortable if my children decided to become religious for love . 
  i do n't want to be an edgy atheist or anything but i personally think that religion is not good . 
  if they became muslim because they really believed it or something that would be one matter , but changing their way of life so substantially to please another person would really concern me . 
  i 'd feel the same if they married an orthodox jew , fundamentalist christian or a scientologist . 
  okay ? 
  what 's wrong with the boat though ? 
  why ? 
  i know what they are . 
  i was more wondering about how they formed, 
  thanks you, 
  that 's what raised relief means, 
  how can norway be so mountainous when denmark is so flat ? 
  geologically i mean, 
  damn . 
  moscow 's flag is hardcore, 
  what is the most badass then ? 
  amsterdam just has the most badass flag on the planet . 
  how could you resist ? 
  that 's vague, 
  okay . 
  why should the refugees be considered hostile ? 
  it 's not an incursion because it 's not hostile , so even by that definition of invasion , the refugees are not invaders, 
   most of us lol i do n't know who you mean when you say `` invaders '' because europe is n't being invaded . 
  i thought we were talking about immigrants ? 
  now it 's only recent refugees ? 
  still then , got a source ? 
  most muslims do n't pay taxes ? 
  got a source ? 
  yeah the number using machetes is totally comparible to the number using swords in a medieval army . 
  i bet the rates are really similar . 
  wwe star charles `` the hammer '' martel are you ready to get hammered !?!? 
  `` them '' being muslims willing to work on our nations and pay taxes . 
  or `` them '' being an invading force with curved swords . 
  no you 're right , muslim immigration today is totally comparible to the umayyad caliphate from centuries ago . 
  god damn , read a book, 
  do n't start me on a baz battles binge . 
  such a good channel . 
  `` i bet the heroes of our past who are now dead and ca n't disagree would agree with me on all political issues '', 
  it 's as important to western civilisation as thermopylae, 
  peace ? 
  that 's a much more complex question . 
  they have at least one president at their disposal , so that helps . 
  i doubt they 'll stop your graduation if you do n't pass drama, 
  is scarborough fair a folk song ? 
  simon and garfunkel did a version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bakwvxhsug another good version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvl3j4pywty then of course this classic tune : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtpdsve-is4, 
  makes vampires a lot more dangerous, 
  no my hamster peed on a police officer once , so i guess they had a bad experience with me, 
  yes . 
  eventually i 'd like to see one world government, 
  apparently my great grandma refused to go to her bomb shelter during the blitz because she insisted on making a sandwich for when my great grandad got home from work , and got blown up . 
  now that i actually type it out , i think my family lied to me as a child , but it 's still a good story, 
  badgers, 
  huh . 
  how does that work ? 
  yup . 
  we have it on some coasters it 's two lions , some wheat , a harp and a banana . 
  our family that is . 
  i did n't know personal coats of arms existed . 
  eu resident - stay :(, 
  wait , what meme ? 
  you just mean the stereotype ? 
  we kinda left the irish to starve as a form of population control . 
  i do n't know if that counts as eugenics . 
  and then there 's the invasion of many places on earth , killing many natives . 
  not sure if that counts either . 
  and we left india to starve during the war . 
  britain has a pretty shitty history . 
  that 's a clever answer !, 
  climate change is going to force everyone to live more ecologically friendly lives . 
  that means moving to cities . 
  the entire world 's population is already becoming increasingly urban . 
  this will just happen at a faster rate . 
  the space needed for 11 billion people in cities is easily available . 
  this is n't certain of course , but it 's necessary . 
  it 's a best case scenario . 
   to double-film the scenes in that movie when the stone is named wait , really ? 
  the american version actually changed the content of the film ? 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daniyhy_a24 holy shit, 
  i was discussing quintessential movies from my country, 
  oh , i did n't know the book 's title was changed too . 
  i enjoy the stupid american circle jerk , but surely it 's because americans were less familiar with the books , so they needed something magical in the title to let people know what it was about . 
  harry potter and the philosopher 's stone, 
  you live in a student palace, 
  nope . 
  i just hang my clothes up and they dry . 
  calling them `` british '' when that 's what the whole conflict was about, 
  does scottish independence count ?
