  um , what about kosovo ? 
  oh lol , forgot about dialects, 
  we conjugate verbs, 
  7 cases , congruention , declination and conjugation , sound change , cyrillic alphabet, 
  well , imo ( serbian speaker ) west slavic languages are easiest to learn . 
  i would start with polish , then after learning it it would go like cake for every other slavic language , except from eastern ones ( russian , belorussian and ukrainian ) . 
  i would ( and i am doing ) learn polish , russian and serbo/croatian , and you are covered for whole slavic world ( with little vocabulary change when you are moving between countries ), 
  for a serb you show a disturbing lack of ` kosovo is serbia ', 
  atleast one of slavic languages , and spanish ( 2nd most spoken language in the world ), 
  better than sending bombs and depleted uranium, 
  they have regiment of 540 bears that guard border, 
  sorry neighbor but what exactly is this `` malesore '' ? 
  we will film remove kebab : the second wave, 
  idk how anyone expected anything else to happen . 
  by injecting chicken with ungodly amount of antibiotics they have essentially given ` tutorial ' for these bugs/bacteria/virus / other parasites that might infest chicken, 
  that would n't be necesarilly a bad thing, 
  so swiss germans are germans ^ 2 ? 
  germany = / = europe, 
  in islamic suburbs in many european cities sharia law is being enforced by extremist islamists there, 
  why would you need submarines in lake balaton ? 
  is it to appease descendants of admiral horthy ? 
  idk but they are funny as shit along with navy ones, 
  well on the picture all people i saw were ( aprox . ), 
  over 50 years old . 
  number of young people in that column should be low . 
  you 're basically angry at all the old people who grew up in soviet union and were indoctrinated into stalin cult as children . 
  convert kebab navy force, 
  all is serbia, 
  son , tamo is our postojebina , u siberia, 
  you guys atleast have navy, 
   who would be an on a uss balkan ? 
  nobody , we would kill each other in war to secure the driving wheel, 
  how to deny your own problems : 1 ) blame russia 2 ) ?? 
  in serbia it would n't ever happen . 
  but this would be too abusable given sudden influx of asylum seekers and migrants, 
  that yugoslavia/serbia duo tho, 
  it 's grave digger toma , not thirsty slobodan, 
   ajdinator he just became saudi whore, 
  so bicycle is literally driving wheel ? 
  german can be interesting at the times, 
  seeing that i ca n't read german and form my own opinion over that article , i am gon na back out of this argument and edit my second comment, 
  it could be ~ ~ probably ~ ~ clickbait and over-dramatisation in addition to ignorance as you said . 
  internet newspapers/tabloids are cancer of this society, 
  we had current president going on hunger strike sometime in past . 
  that is some kind of armored vehicle , definitely not a tank, 
   serbia has already mobilised its army we have army ? 
  current ( and past ) government did all to kill military, 
  you forgot to mention ~ ~ mordor ~ ~ balkans, 
  that 's called gu\u010da, 
  it 's like shitty , non musical , political version of exit, 
   but its just hype and drama . 
  that in additions to click baits and boobs is what drives today 's media and newspaper, 
  could you wait atleast few days when reposting ? 
  every person in luxembourg , ( 6 , to be precise ) attended wedding . 
  sorry for my most extreme ignorance , but how much % of country is that park ? 
  is there any tree planted in vatican ? 
  even water is immigrating, 
  i like it how while every other slavic country has some svet/swiat variation , russians be like ** mir **, 
  you never pointed anything about recognisement apart from asking what countries recognise prd and prl except russia , matter that i am not too familiar with so google or other redditors are much better alternatives to ask, 
  they both seceded from their countries , using armed conflicts and mother countries does n't recognize their independence . 
  exactly the same situation, 
  that story was mumbo jumbo by some old `` prophet '' family , he took it seriously, 
  we have former grave digger with bought university diploma who speaks english on illegal-chinese-immigrant-in-us level as our president . 
  beat that neighbours, 
  try to find some ukrainian text or news article , as it 's most similar to russian , see what words you can recognise , put article in translator and remember differences between languages . 
  wait so you dont know how to pronounce polish doted or marked words ? 
  i thought poles got that from you , germanic neighbours, 
  our politicians signed a some kind of alliance agreement with nato that lead to protests in which about 15k people participates . 
  ` live and let live ' ` forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors ' not that i am missionary ( i find christianity moronic ) but that is written in the bible, 
  in russian you could recognise some words , and have little trouble learning language , but it 's much closer to ukrainian and belarusian ( being part of east-slavic ) polish , along with other west-slavic languages ( czech , slovakian ) are little harder to understand ( i assume it 's cause germanic influences ) but with little bit of learning it could be understandable now i 'm not sure this analogy is correct but learning russian as serbian speaker is like italian learning latin , it 's so similar, 
  cause our governments change when the wild blows , and they like to change political courses from pro-eu , to pro-russia , and in recent time pro-us, 
   since the middle ages interesting , do you have some article or historical study that elaborates this more deeply ? 
  it 's bit hard to explain to not-slavic person this , but serbs/croats/bulgarians can perfectly understand macedonian , it being a south-slavic language very similar to above 3 . 
  also happy cakeday, 
   understand it both in speech and in writing this is also case with almost all slavic countries ( not knowing for slovenia ) in balkan . 
  jebem ti majku is universal insult that you can use all over former yugoslavia, 
  um we both are orthodox christian , slavic , have similar cultures and traditions , have even same pagan gods , lots of same names , similar language , hate usa , wear tracksuits , squat , drink too much alcohol , shitty roads etc. 
  revive tito as zombie and we will , there can be no yugoslavian without yugoslavia and no yugoslavia without tito, 
  macedonian is funny to speak as serbian , cause other people will understand and think that you are idiot for not following grammar changes in words , reading is same . 
  bulgarian is n't too different than serbian , but it is a different language, 
  some parts of bosnia do , others do not, 
   what situation ? 
  situation about having country as your adversary in court, 
  serbian and croatian are n't same languages , serbo-croatian was conglomeration , having words from both languages just to appease to masses and bring idea of ` yugoslavian ' nation closer, 
  dude i wrote that in like 7 seconds , english is my 3rd language and gf was screaming at me , i worded it bit wrong . 
  it 's uprising funded and helped by russia , started by russian minority ( majority , idk ) and they seceded from ukraine . 
  now it has same situation ( problem ) as kosovo , being recognised by some and not by others, 
  you were christian under castriot family right ? 
  the skenderbeg/skonderbeg ? 
  well most of population became muslim after turkish rule , and that eased things, 
   taking albanian childreen with them as a threatto a clan/family and rule over them etc we also had that in serbia , in bosnia too  they caused many albanians to leave during those centuries we like had 4-5 mass migrations to north just to avoid turk rule  did n't allow opening schools we neither , feels bad man, 
  you guys have 2nd most favorable occupation , just under bosnia 's . 
  being muslim also helped . 
  how from serbian language neighbouring countries teach and speak serbian with tiny changes and just plainly rename it . 
  `` bosniak '' , `` macedonian '' , `` montenegrin '' , `` bosnian '' my ass . 
   what will most likely not change , and what will change , from the common eu citizen 's pov ? 
  serbia will not enter eu 99.999 %, 
  i think if somebody from germany said : southern part of georgian ( which is 2000km away ) capital is ours , we built it , hitler would rise from the grave and said : hans i am so proud of you , that is reicht . 
  turkey ? 
  i can understand serbian part but why turkey ?
