   cultural reasons this so god dammed much . 
  you ca n't just copy and paste government policies , laws and institutions from other nations on top of other ones . 
  you can only go so far and change so much to the extent of what a culture allows . 
  that is the first lesson to be taken from the war in iraq . 
  in any case , americans distrust the government too much and our individualism , while providing many of our positive traits , leads to some rather negative ones like selfishness , which makes implementing democratic socialist policies extremely difficult . 
   teachers are government employees . 
  i do n't know about teachers elsewhere in the nation , but teachers here in california get a disgusting amount of benefits that extend to their immediate family . 
  the california teachers union almost acts like the 4th branch of government . 
  i 'm not the one you need to convince . 
  but with all the right wing populism that 's rising in the western world , do n't be surprised when he does . 
  be extra nice to all the locals , even if they construe it as sarcasm . 
  we are going to need the condolences . 
  our time for self-annihilation will come when trump is elected . 
  no california is about the same . 
  the spanish colonials brought viticulture when they established the missions up the coast to occupy the territory . 
  what 's a toronto ? 
  there . 
  are you jimmies placated now ? 
  i mean , i can delete my comment if it will make you feel better . 
  it 's not a big deal really . 
  would you like me to do that for you ? 
  and comparisons to an intelligence agency that 's been defunct for 25 years is relevant ? 
  my original comment seemed to flow evenly enough from the one i responded to . 
  i apologize you feel so strongly that you need to comment and point out otherwise . 
  i thought we were having a sensible discussion ? 
  and which clich\u00e9s would that be ? 
  what do your parents and grandparents remember ? 
  its semi-relevant . 
  part of this discussion is the cia 's moral and ethical character , yes ? 
  so what did cultural sovietization look like ? 
  did it consist entirely of state sanctioned `` high brow '' culture or was there ever a soviet pop culture ? 
  in what ways was it different than western culture ? 
   forcing us to embrace artificial culture the hollywood propaganda machine is much more sophisticated ;p try to find all the subliminal messages in the next michael bay film ;p, 
  yeah lol ! ... 
  wait ... :( ... 
  unless penguins have an ice empire we do n't know about , there 's no countries in antarctica . 
  just realized that r/europe = ( r/polandball x ( casual racism - 5 continents ) ) / banter, 
  well the ancestors of the copts probably did . 
  the arab majority not so much . 
  ... make britain great again ? 
  you mean slavic macedonian . 
  would we lie to you ? ... ... ... 
  does n't that require one to be based in the middle class first ? 
  i do n't exactly see our social and economic disenfranchised immigrant masses here in the us turning to the creative economy . 
  not really . 
  the more they break up , the more difficult its gon na be to sell our shit . 
  it 's difficult not to be cynical about your point and downvote it , but it 's very valid . 
  the last 17 years since 9/11 have been a shit show and it 's easy to be jaded now and say `` fucking christ , we/americans were so fucking stupid ! '', 
  it 's easy to forget how different we were as a people in the late 90s and how different our national psychology was . 
  we were naive . 
  recounting the world events of the last 17 years in all its depressing detail to an american from 1999 would be unimaginable to them , much less tell them that their hurt and naivete after 9/11 would be taken advantage of to promote the interests of a bunch of neo con post-reagan oligarchs . 
  did n't r/europe replace the uk with mexico a while back ? 
  replas al `` ths '' for '' \u00de '' and '' \u00d0 . '', 
  same . 
  this winter has been fantastic . 
  practically a rainstorm every week since the season started . 
  have n't seen that meme in a while . 
  you can say that you know yourselves . 
  the greeks certainly ca n't . 
  sure . 
  enjoy my climate change induced perma-drought . 
  i 'll take your rain thnx . 
  but still can not into space . 
  evidence ? 
  woah ... 
  it could be just the weed talking but as a californian i feel ... mildly infuriated ... but * smugly superior ... * is this what it feels like to be european ? 
  / s but in all seriousness , the dutch have had cannabis consumption legalized the longest out of anyone . 
  so in the decades that they have done so would you consider them degenerate sloths ? 
  are the dumber and have high rates of school delinquency ? 
   do n't confuse europe 's reaction to donald trump with their feelings for america a solid portion of europe 's population does n't make a distinction either . 
  is that what they 're calling their sun-tanning spots on the beach these days ? 
  r/europe = ( r/polandball - ( 5 continenets + kebab h8 ) ) ^ bantz, 
  yes but is it basil the bulgar-slayer proof ? 
  ~ ~ r/polandball ~ ~ the-sub-that-shall-not-be-named is leaking . 
   do what you want to do before you succumb to it . 
  huh ... imma go an ' fire up the nuclear arsenal !, 
  :d thanks doc you 're the best !, 
  there 's a difference in britain ? 
  correct . 
  its a function of : europe < texans where texans = ( 10 gallon hat x waistline ) ^ ego, 
  do me next !, 
   is there a name for that root of languages or something ? 
  the language family is called [ finno-ugric ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finno-ugric_languages ) and the root language is proto-finno-ugric which is separate from indo-european languages . 
  as far as grammar is concerned i could n't tell you . 
  there are finns on here you could ask . 
  finish , estonian , and surprisingly , hungarian . 
  you mean like how france has algerian quarters and uk has pakistani dominated neighborhoods ? 
  it was more the 2008 financial crisis that upset the state budget and less to do with arnie 's policies . 
  if anything is to blame , he inherited a shitty government from ousted governor grey davis who perpetuated the same shitty fiscal policies as his predecessor pete wilson . 
  he was n't a bad governor . 
  set some great green policies in motion . 
  you do realize that throwing bantz , irony , and sarcasm at americans is like throwing antibiotics at bacteria right ? 
  \\* cough !, 
  * ~ ~ r/polandball ~ ~ \\* cough !, 
  * eventually you 're gon na be stuck with a bantacillin resistant yankalococcus aureus infection and are going to have to try to kill us off with phage therapy . 
  were n't you replaced with the uk ? 
  your acceptance for citizenship will arrive in the mail shortly . 
  my \u03ba\u03bf\u03c5\u03bc\u03c0\u03ac\u03c1\u03bf\u03c2 said that the typical greek breakfast was coffee and a cigarette : /, 
  so kinda like durian but with fish . 
   you 're conflating architecture with urban planning , faulting one for the failings of the other .
