  last time i checked , the greeks still have to buy german cars because they lack the industry to build their own . 
  and then what ? 
  the rich countries in the north eat the loss , rebuild the union without the dead weight holding them back , and just get on with their lives . 
  meanwhile , i lazily contemplate all my delectable real estate options in the med , given the dollar would loom over the new drachma , lira , and peseta . 
  it 's called tribalism . 
  its one of many very primordial psychological factors that dictate behavior , including political affiliation . 
  it 's kinda funny . 
  australia , chile , south africa , and southern california have a more mediterranean climate than the mediterranean . 
  go away bot . 
  no one loves you . 
  it 's easier to sell our shit and give russia the finger with an integrated union . 
  ... are we allowed to use drones ? 
  leave the help alone . 
  tacos pescados  fish n chips . 
  and its certainly better than your ethnic equivalent of curry . 
  ... again you might as well move to minnesota . 
  canada is the county that minnesota forgot . 
  it is depending on who you talk to . 
  but its fucking canada . 
  you might as well move to north dakota or minnesota . 
  why ? 
  just so we could end up like canada ? 
  for oil obviously . 
  would be reasonable if the green hag was n't made from copper and would n't rust to dust by that time . 
  a penis on mount rushmore however would last the ages . 
  i 'm sure redditors from the 41st century will get a kick out of it . 
  but what will people from the 4th millennium look at if we dont ? 
  sorry feels for shit-rektangle das verboten haram . 
  oh we readily admit to that . 
  only difference is that we know that to be the best , you have to learn from and emulate the best . 
  ** the rebirth of the ssrs will bring the dark lord zombie reagan back from the deepest pits of the nine hells of the netherverse . 
  the dark lord will make america great again . 
  then i will have to back into the closet . 
  i do not fucking want to go back into the closet . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 edit : and he will drag maggie the iron harpy up with him . 
  what would you rather have ? 
  the trinket of winning eurovsion ? 
  or a party of super torries and the destruction of the nhs ? 
  i do n't know . 
  fried gator is like a cross between fried chicken and friend catfish . 
  its like chicken , but extra , and more devolved . 
  obviously . 
  one of these days we need to transfer our manufacturing base to mexico . 
  the chicken of the south . 
  sounds very traditional . 
  dr. osterreich has a special cream just for you ; 3, 
  from a comment above :  posted this already as a reply but here is something from wikipedia to show we 're not just being jerks :   under canadian legislation , for a country to be added to the visa waiver list there should be less than 3 % immigration violations and visa refusal rate of less than 3 % over 3 years . 
  for bulgarians the immigration violation rate was 4.4 % in 2013 and the average 3 year visa refusal rate was 15.76 % . 
  for romanians the immigration violation rate was 2.7 % in 2013 and the average 3 year visa refusal rate was 15 % . 
  even though the thresholds are not absolute , canadian authorities notified the eu that political manoeuvre is not possible when the difference between the threshold and rates is too big . 
    source : [ visa policy of canada ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_policy_of_canada ) do n't start yammering about discrimination and go `` wah wah wah things are unfair ! '', 
  is it your nation 's responsibility to cater to the petty demands of other nations who abuse the visa requirements ? 
  why not create a federation of the willing then ? 
  form a select ~ ~ exclusive ~ ~ group of countries in the eu who would willingly for form it . 
   as long as we do n't get drunk ... said no brit ever . 
  i 've never been to the spanish riviera but i * know * what happens there . 
  you drink like we eat so do n't try and fool me . 
  its not worth knowing anything else save that 's where hfcs comes from . 
  one word . 
  humidity . 
   i doubt europeans are accustomed to anything like that at all . 
  well it was awe inspiring enough for a bunch of [ germans tourists ] ( https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=germans+tourists+death+valley ) to aimlessly wander the desert to get their nature on only to die of heat stroke and dehydration in the mid 90 's . 
  made good fun for the locals to hunt for their remains . 
  well it ** is ** a status symbol . 
  but they do have their uses pertaining to the , i guess you would call it , patterns of living inherent to the us . 
  for a highly consumer based culture , they 're great for packing up all of your shit from costco and target and hauling it home . 
  i do n't exactly see a dutchman riding his bike with a huge tv strapped to the back of it . 
  ( really the whole american suburban model is extremely energy intensive . 
  i 'm an architect and i try to preach it on reddit but i usually get down voted to oblivion ) moreover they 're also great for road trips , camping , helping your friend move his stuff to a new apartment , or even just throwing a big beach party . 
  i 'd consider getting a large truck or suv over of a sports car as my `` fun car '' specifically for those purposes with the `` everyday '' car being a focus or a corolla . 
  yeah living in la we desperately need to diversify our transportation options . 
  its getting better with the metro slowly adding lightrail and subways and new bike lanes being added but its a slow process hampered by rich nimby assholes in beverly hills who fight and delay construction . 
  the good weather here is wasted on people who are too attached to their cars . 
   we all know the uk is the best all round country in europe , and it will continue to be so for a long time  huh . 
  so that 's where american exceptionalism comes from . 
  with your reputably shitty food , penchant for imperialism , obnoxious behavior as tourists , and being the fat kids of europe , i 'm starting to think countries have genes they can pass on to their colonies . 
  pity we could n't have inherited the sense of humor but hey you ca n't have everything . 
  he 's british , not stupid . 
  and so do new yorkers , bostonians , and philidelphians of which i assume you 're the former of the three . 
  so i 'm a bit confused . 
  is this that `` kulture '' thing that all the yuro snobs all keep bragging about ? 
  i feel so envious !, 
  that 's some retarded nor cal shit . 
  do n't lump so cal into that degenerate fuckery . 
  if we can rule out education and poverty , then it may have to do with the dirty mucky business of rebelliousness and identity development/crisis that everyone does between the ages of 17 and 25 . 
  i think being an immigrant torn between the host culture and culture of one 's parents exacerbates the issue , and some people have a rougher time getting out of the existential crisis to an identity equilibrium . 
  i would imagine some people totally embrace the host culture . 
  they try to be more british than the british , or more german than the germans , etc etc. 
  many more are able to live between two cultures and reconcile them after a long period of growing up and getting their head in order . 
  these are success stories who weather that turmoil and adapt become productive members of their new society the others however go the opposite direction , and really ham up to the point where they 're being more muslim than the muslims in reaction to the host culture . 
  they eventually join street gangs , get uber nationalistic , or become terrorists . 
  kinda relevant movie quote : `` we have to be more mexican than the mexicans and more american than the americans , both at the same time !, 
  it 's exhausting ! '', 
  - character : abraham , actor : edward james olmos , movie : selena ( 1997 ), 
  disgustingly inhumane . 
  but disgustingly correct . 
  and unfortunately a `` lowhanging fruit '' method that 's easy for conservatives , nativists , and outright racists to wrap their heads around . 
  they 're may be other ways . 
  they wont be intuitive and will take a long time to come to fruition . 
  but they 're more ethical than forced expulsion , manzanar levels of containment/interment , or outright genocide .
