  how the west assassinated him etc. 
  stalin died of natural causes . 
  wtf are you on about ? 
  it 's not even close to the same thing . 
  so we can safely say that cannabis wo n't kill you unless you 're the 0.000000001 % . 
  ahh like that . 
  yes i agree that it should not matter if cannabis can kill for legalization . 
  but it does . 
  i think saying that cannabis leads to deaths is misleading , because unlike alcohol and other drugs you can not die if you consume ( smoking or eating ) too much weed in a session . 
  death due to indirect causes should not be included when discussing because it is irrelevant to the discussion . 
  the same indirect deaths happen due to a lot of other things and drugs so we should highlight the positive thing about cannabis . 
  that it can not directly lead to death . 
  but i completely get what you 're trying to say . 
  let 's agree to disagree on the direct and indirect mortality . 
  btw , what did you do with your i 's ? 
  but in this way everything can be made illegal . 
  just like alcohol , bikes , cars , stairs , even dogs . 
  indirect causes like driving high are not the point of the argument i 'm making . 
  i say that if you eat a pot brownie , nothing will happen in the sense that you will not get a heart attack , lung embolism , blood clots , or any other medical emergency due to the cannabis . 
  if you eat a brownie and then decide to drive and die , that is not an argument against legalization , it is an example of stupidity . 
  if we include indirect causes like that , where do we stop ? 
  it is important because some people think cannabis is inherently ( even without the smoking ) a lot more dangerous than other drugs and alcohol . 
   the argument of legalization is much more powerfull if you question it 's integrity rather than it 's content . 
  a lot of stuff that is harmfull is allowed , so why is cannabis forbidden for ( partially ) that reason ? 
  and yes , i completely agree . 
  this is one of the things i usually say when people ask me about legalization . 
  i replied to your first comment because i just wanted to say that cannabis itself will not kill you , but the smoking does . 
  yes but if people start smoking and expect that nothing will happen to them they kind of deserve it . 
  it is common sense that smoking things is bad for your lungs , that is not what i 'm denying . 
   again , just for you : there are people in this world who only started smoking anything , because that 's the way of consumption of cannabis of their choice . 
  some of those people die of smoking caused cancer . 
  if cannabis would n't exist , they would n't have died . 
  you can say the same thing about people dying in car crashes , if there were no cars they would n't have died . 
  i do n't understand this reasoning . 
   let me say this again for you too : the point is not that cannabis is bad because you can die from it . 
  you can probably die from pretty much literally anything in this universe in some way . 
  the point is that defending `` you ca n't die from cannabis '' is making parts of the the legalisation movement seem ridiculous . 
  because it 's factually wrong ( for whatever indirect reasons , cannabis smoking caused cancer , fatal crash from driving under the influence ) and unimportant ( lethality alone is n't a valid argument , you can die from driving a car ) . 
  i think i clearly said :  no , their deaths are not directly attributable to cannabis , but to smoking burning stuff . 
  you can vape without burning . 
  you can eat weed brownies/cakes/whatever . 
  there is no one forcing you to smoke a joint/blunt . 
  just to be clear , i 'll say it again : cannabis can not kill you . 
  ** it is the smoking that kills you . 
  ** i do n't say anything else , of course you can die if you crash your car after you drove high , or if you were too high to notice the stairs and fell down , but that still does not make cannabis kill you . 
  it is because you were impaired due to the cannabis . 
  if someone dies during a drunk driving accident , people do n't say he died due to alcoholic beverages , but he died while driving drunk . 
  it 's the same with weed . 
  and i 'm sorry about your friend , i just read up about it . 
  never knew about that . 
  yeah of course the average joe smokes joints , as do i when i do n't want to vape . 
  but that does n't really matter to my point . 
  i just want to point out that cannabis itself is not harmful to you unless you smoke it . 
  the same way tobacco is n't . 
  ( well nicotine more , i do n't know much about putting tobacco in brownies ), 
   i 'm trying to make the point that `` hur dur you ca n't even die from it '' is factually wrong even if they smoked spinach leaves , it would still harm them and increase the risk of cancer . 
  it is the smoking that causes deaths not the weed . 
  so you ca n't really say that saying cannabis ca n't kill you is a wrong statement . 
  because it really is n't . 
  edit : to reply to your edit , yes i defend the ` you ca n't die from cannabis ' statement to all costs , because a lot of people do not understand this . 
  they think cannabis will fuck you up big time and try to illegalize it/keep it illegal . 
  this is not an unimportant point , it is very important to let people realize that nothing will happen to them if they vape a bit of weed , or make a pot brownie . 
   again : i 'm not talking about the chemical toxicity of cannabis constituents . 
  i 'm saying that people focusing on a rather unimportant point so much makes the movement ( not it 's goals ) seem rather ridiculous to me . 
  and that is exactly what i ** am ** talking about . 
  why does this make the movement seem rather ridiculous ? 
  it seems to me like a very important point . 
   related ? 
  people who die of lung cancer which they got because they smoke ( only cannabis ) , are deaths directly attributable to cannabis . 
  no , their deaths are not directly attributable to cannabis , but to smoking burning stuff . 
  you can vape without burning . 
  you can eat weed brownies/cakes/whatever . 
  there is no one forcing you to smoke a joint/blunt . 
  just to be clear , i 'll say it again : cannabis can not kill you . 
  it is the smoking that kills you . 
  you were talking about surnames in your comment , that 's why i was confused for a bit . 
  as a last name ? 
  i mean there are anastasias everywhere , but it 's a first name . 
  wtf where have you ever seen a russian called anastasijas ... 
  in poland it is , look at their new ` government ' . 
  you should really read up about your own country then , if you have n't seen that they opened criminal investigations into the historian . 
  if you 're too stupid to deduce what he meant it 's not his fault . 
  oh please go vote for some more wannabe dictators . 
  why do n't we apply that logic to all nazi 's then ? 
  threath of death has not been a valid excuse for all the nazis on trial , why do you poles get a free pass then ? 
  poles did collaborate . 
  it is interesting that when that shit happens in the middle east it 's fair game but here no problem . 
  because we do n't need the fucking us in the eu . 
  them being here and encroaching on russia is what causes all the problems in the first place . 
  1 article is going hard ? 
  1 action is going hard ? 
  asking a foreign bank to do all the work for you is going hard ? 
  this is such bullshit . 
  if we have this mentality why not give up on anything even remotely idealistic . 
  that 's what we get when stormfront rallies to reddit . 
  the quality on / r/worldnews and / r/europe has really dropped the past couple of months . 
  they have done this with the cils study in the usa if i remember correctly . 
  they 've followed a very big group of immigrants who lived around la ( or sf ) , and followed up a couple of years later and then again 10 year later , with the focus on researching criminality and immigration . 
  ca n't look it up right now though , am on mobile . 
  well if ever have i seen a loaded question . .
