  i think you 'd be a lot happier with the ideal than what happened during soviet times . 
  wtf are you on about ? 
  what country is/was really marxist ? 
  soviet style communism was n't even close to the ideal , nothing ever was . 
  he came on as a minister of finance in the most economically irresponsible country . 
  the financial situation in greece was not due to him . 
  and what is wrong with him calling himself a marxist ? 
  is that supposed to make people dislike him according to you ? 
  do you really think someone who has a phd in economics would n't understand that debt can be beneficial in a way ? 
  do you really think he has no idea ? 
  no you do n't care , but we 're not talking about you caring , do we ? 
  nobody cares about you caring . 
  it 's about explaining to the people who think every migrant will start to rape and rob them , that it is not the fact that every immigrant is a criminal . 
  but that their environment also will influence their behaviour . 
  if the immigrants get put into a ghetto , and not enough education/parenting they are just as likely ( or barely more likely ) to perform criminal actions than natives . 
  hey man , have you just had economics 101 , freshman ? 
  jesus you think you really have any knowledge at all ? 
  do n't you see that the kind of debts we are talking about right now are not even comparable ? 
  and where is that so called counterexample ? 
  want me to start posting dutch research so you cant read it and discredit it ? 
  at least have the decency to translate your sources . 
  in the summary of your article ( the only english part ) they do not mention a word of correcting for socioeconomic variables . 
  no , that is one fact these people keep forgetting to mention and or list . 
  when corrected for background and living conditions the differences between natives and immigrants are within 2 % . 
  it is wrong but why is n't there international outrage and why are n't there sanctions against the us for what they 've done ? 
  because the us has filled everyone 's pockets . 
  well in that case i do n't think you have a right to speak on what we should do with russia , if you want to go that way . 
  lovely how when russia supports the rebels it 's bad but when the us does it they 're helping install democracy . 
  i think you forgot that barcelona is richer per capita than the rest of spain . 
  30 % of spanish citizens ? 
  or 30 % of catalonians ? 
  so what if they 're bullying ukraine ? 
  it 's their gas they can sell it to whomever they want for whatever price they want . 
  if they want to gouge the fuck out of ukraine they should do so . 
  yes when the money stops flowing . 
  you are some scum , damn . 
  the government led by the pvda and d66 ? 
  i 'm sorry , d66 is n't even in the fucking government . 
  also a majority of the dutch people being against refugees ? 
  i 'm sorry , i only see fuckers traveling all across the country to riot in some town , just like last time . 
  most people are very understanding , but if you support refugees you do n't put banners outside of your house , so you do n't hear them . 
  get your fucking head out of your ass . 
  yeah about securing more money for the us . 
  wow suck them off some more , damn . 
  i 'm sorry , i meant the council of europe . 
  their constitution overrules whatever the eu wants . 
  afaik the uk has done something similar . 
  are you serious ? 
  if you 're on it for about 6 months as a student they will not harass you in any way about looking for work , because the expectation is that you will find better work than they will find for you . 
  because of the degree that you have . 
  also , you are not forced to accept whatever job they offer you . 
  of course if you keep refusing for years without an end they will short you for a couple of months , but that 's about it . 
  plus they also have these ` parttime ' benefits , where you work parttime and they supplement your income . 
  do you not think it is normal for refugees not to immediately look for work after completely uprooting their lives ? 
  the first years they go to classes to learn german , and if they 're missing necessary office skills those are also taught , after which they can start to be a productive member of society . 
  i 'm serious , i just edited in the requirements . 
  also , there are several more types of government benefits , that apply to more specific cases , this one is for if you do not apply to any of those . 
  an apartment no , not by the government itself , but monthly money , yes . 
  960 euros a month . 
  i 'll translate :  u heeft recht op bijstand als u voldoet aan de volgende voorwaarden : you have the right to assistance if you fulfill the following conditions :  u woont rechtmatig in nederland . 
  you are living legally in the netherlands . 
  you are 18 years or older . 
  you do not have enough income or capital to fullfill your own needs . 
  do you live together with a partner , or do you live with someone in a house ( i do n't really know how to translate that , but it basically means you life with someone who shares the bills with you , not necessarily a partner ) ? 
  then their income and capital counts towards the limit . 
  you can not apply for any other government benefits . 
  you are not in jail . 
  you are actively looking for a job , or participating in initiatives of the municipality to find you work . 
  edit : thanks for the downvotes , while everything i say is true . 
  feels good to know i 've annoyed some of you haters with facts . 
  yes , we do have those . 
  you do n't get the regular unemployment benefit , because you have to have worked for 40 weeks or something for that , but there is something called wwb which will give you a monthly stipend of approximately 800 euro 's , if you can not apply to any of the other unemployment benefits . 
  of course there are homeless shelters , but those people are mostly homeless because of addiction/other problems , not due to lack of money or government assistance . 
  edit : i 've just looked it up and for 2015 it was 960 euros for a single person between the age of 21 and pension age ( 67 ) . 
  edit 2 : also , that 's not everything . 
  you can apply for something called rent allowance , which gives you up to 170 each month ( last time i checked for a 21 year old ) if the rent to your house is less than $ 390 . 
  if your rent is lower , this also gets lowered . 
  there was study financing here , a loan from the government to you for general expenses during your study ( up to about 900 euro 's ) which would be turned into a gift if you completed your study within 10 years or something like that . 
  now they turned it into a loan ( except for part of it for the less fortunate part of society ) . 
  well then , that 's something you 'll have to lobby your government for . 
  i have no problem getting an apartment , or monthly spending money from the government if i were to lose my job . 
  these refugees should get the same things . 
  he just does n't like refugees getting the same benefits as he does . 
  that government has no authority regarding borders . 
  it is the central government who decides if a foreign army can enter it 's borders , not some regional government . 
  so now it is allowed to put your army into a country which does not allow it ? 
  well , everything is ok in ukraine then . 
  so it 's okay to bomb in syria without permission , because they would n't have received permission anyway ? 
  they should n't have even started bombing without permission from assad . 
  so just because you can you violate the sovereignty of another country . 
  nice justification . 
  botox . 
  do n't flatter yourself . 
  oh please , some people understand you do n't just shoot jets out of the air , but escort them out . 
  but keep on circle jerking . 
  and this in the country everyone is defending . 
  such nasty lies . 
  only new hires are banned . 
  current ones keep their jobs . 
  mate you ai n't using shit , try to educate yourself on basic fucking economics .
