bollocks they 're official . 
  it 's all a lie . 
  they handed them out to us in london , outside the icr , so we could fill them in beforehand ; supposedly this was going to make queuing times shorter . 
  i got there at 2.30 pm and did not leave until 10pm , without having voted . 
  the piece of paper was just that , a standard piece of paper , no official signature , no official stamp , nothing . 
  it was done deliberately to prevent the diaspora from voting . 
  5 stamps to thousands of voters in munich ? 
  3 in north london ? 
  5 at the icr , with 6 voting booths ? 
  it was despicable and disgraceful . 
  quite a few eastern european eu members recognise it . 
  there 's also `` how i spent the end of the world '' ( cum mi-am petrecut sfarsitul lumii ) and `` the paper will be blue '' ( hartia va fi albastra ) . 
  both dealing with the events leading up to the revolution , from different points of view . 
  i thought they were honestly quite harrowing , in their own ways ( although the former did have its humorous parts ) . 
  could you vote at your country 's embassy ? 
  i can vote at the romanian embassy in london , for example ( and might for the constitutional referendum , even if i 'm voting in london for the mep elections ) . 
   x factor scored it 's lowest ratings for a final . 
  sam bailey looks set to win i 'd hoped this would mean that they 'd finally end this shit show . 
  alas , it 's being renewed for another 3 years . 
  clearly we have n't done a good enough job of invading western europe . 
  i swear to god you 're one of the few rational , sensible voice on this sub right now . 
  i 'm reading these comments and some are like 3 steps off from right-wing propaganda . 
  the roma are a problem , yes , but not for the reasons everyone here seems to put forward . 
  got your pm , i 'll let you know when it 's been sent , 
  i live in london , and wo n't be visiting my home country until it 's too late to send one . 
  but !, 
  i speak romanian , so i can circumvent it with a birthday greeting in my own language  let me know , 
  but it 's * something * , and for a country as apathetic as romania when it comes to green/environmental issues , i 'll take this over nothing . 
  this makes so happy . 
  the dedication and passion , and the peaceful protesters really have impressed me . 
  i never would 've thought we could mobilise like this . 
  i have n't been since i finished uni . 
  i go back to romania now for dental care . 
  romania , 
  - best beer ( ale , not lager ) i 've ever had - the best city i 've ever lived in ( london ) - actually pretty friendly , once you get to know them . 
  sure , they might not care about small talk much , but bring up the weather , or arsenal phoning it in again , and you 've got a world of conversation open to you - starting to lean a bit dangerously to the right , despite the coalition government also containing a liberal-democrat contingent - they really hate my home country , and we 're all invaders out to steal jobs and suckle on the sweet benefit teat - best health care i 've ever had !, 
  although dental and opticians were stupidly expensive, 
  romania 's up 1.2 % compared to last year ? 
  wow , that was unexpected . 
  we do , but prices are ridiculous and sometimes it works out cheaper to get an all-inclusive holiday to like , bulgaria or greece instead . 
  a sad fact . 
  my manager 's up in islay for the whisky festival , and it 's been sunny while i 'm freezing my arse off in kent . 
  i had to actually put the heating on yesterday to take the chill off !, 
  in may !, 
  i 'm from romania , though ... 
  i ca n't hate this guy , he 's so over the top . 
  yeah , fuck this harmless gesture on a day celebrating women worldwide !, 
  you wan na talk weird surreal british comedy , you talk jam . 
  i went to school until 2006 in bucharest and we had 30 kids in a classroom . 
  at all levels . 
  romania 's on par with germany and japan , at least in this aspect . 
  i 'm actually really surprised that romania 's switched to chrome . 
  as far as i can remember , anyone who wanted to be taken seriously as web-savvy used opera , and everyone else used firefox . 
  i was never taught that hungary bordered the black sea . 
  clearly i was taught some anti-hungarian propaganda or something . 
  i do n't think it 's a big enough culture to warrant a separate option . 
  i mean , this sort of overlap exists throughout europe . 
  romania 's a pretty weird one , ethnically . 
  considering our neighbours are slavs or fino-ungric people , and romanians are ethnically closer to italy than russia . 
  eh , i picked mediterranean , but we 're less swarthy . 
  oh wow , i did n't know there was a date on it now . 
  til , thanks !, 
  on the track for eu membership ? 
  no way . 
  they have huge issues with everything from voting fraud to transnistria to a very bad economy , i doubt they 're getting into the eu in the next wave . 
  croatia has a much better chance . 
  and yeah , they are a dictatorship , very much so . 
  the republic of moldova would also like to be included in the dictatorship basket . 
  this really gets my goat , that unless it looks like what western media understands as a dictatorship , it ca n't be one . 
  nope , south london . 
  it depends on whether they have any discounts , and if my boyfriend brings his student id along . 
  otherwise it would be close to # 18 - # 20 , yeah . 
  in london , you wo n't get two pub meals for # 16 , sadly . 
  you might get 3 or 4 pints , depending on how grotty the pub is . 
  also , it might buy you 2 cinema tickets , no popcorn . 
  depends on the club . 
  mamaia , i doubt peak season you get 5 cocktails for 20 euro . 
  ah , my bad then , did n't know about it being 9 years old . 
  i dunno ... hungary does n't look as bright , neither does romania or bulgaria . 
  maybe i 'm looking too much at how bright france and germany look . 
  eastern europe looks so ... dim compared to everywhere else . 
  see my comment to rawbeef64 [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/v1rgu/roma_relocation_scores_romania_mayor_a_major_vote/c50wj6q ), 
  actually , i 'm romanian . 
  i moved to the uk 6 years ago to study , but i have lived my whole life in bucharest . 
  i was raised in militari , which should tell you a lot about my exposure to gypsies . 
  i was brought up across a train track from a roma settlement that still exists to this day . 
  so yeah , nice judging based on flair bro . 
  i am well aware of how western europe views romanians and the kind of statements that i hear are incredibly xenophobic . 
  i am aware of how the uk feels about immigrants and jobs , about relocating to their country and trying to find work . 
  i am aware of the barriers that are put in place to determine who can come and work here legally . 
  this does not change my attitude towards roma and their treatment in romania . 
  the government does fuck all to integrate them . 
  oh , they award special places for them in school , knowing that by and large they are an impoverished community who ca n't afford to send the kids to school . 
  that does n't solve the issue in any manner . 
  look at [ institutional racism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/institutionalized_racism ) and tell me it looks nothing like what 's happening in romania . 
  this whole discourse on the mythical working roma that no one has ever met is used in similar ways to how the us uses the shining example of asian minorities ( particularly korean americans and chinese americans ) in order to promote the idea that they * could * do honest work , they just choose not to . 
  if i counter your argument and tell you that most of the roma children i grew up with now hold stable jobs in middle management , where does that leave us ? 
  i do n't think any of them have ever stolen anything or been arrested , so your comment on how they 're thieves and criminals is invalid . 
  a lot of white people are thieves and criminals , so why should n't we also make the same comments about white romanians ? 
  also , look up [ racial profiling ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racial_profiling ) this defeatist attitude of `` hell , they ca n't be helped , so let 's not even try '' is exactly why racism is still alive and well ( and not going anywhere any time soon ) in eastern europe .
