  my husband wants to move to poland because he predicts that france will be a warzone in 15 years . 
  frankly i think i 'd rather live in a war zone than have to learn this language . 
  a small number , yes . 
  lol you 're obviously either from america or the uk . 
  on the continent kids grow up being very used to nudity . 
  you just said you 're proud of the ottoman empire which killed and enslaved thousands of people ... 
  you 're taught to be proud of your imperialism while we in europe are taught to feel ashamed of it , and rightfully so . 
  your empire killed and enslaved hundreds of thousands . 
  it is not something to be proud of . 
  reality . 
  clearly i should be put up against a wall and shot . 
  europe would be better off its population remained of indigenous stock . 
  this is a repeating issue in corsica so perhaps the immigrants should leave as they obviously disrupt civil peace . 
  paris . 
  i would say that the southern europe part of france starts much more north , probably south of bordeaux . 
  also loving how turkey is excluded . 
  should also be excluded on this sub . 
  big government is very scary to me . 
  a glimpse of the future when the globalists get what they want and we become one country . 
  how terrifying . 
  ah , perhaps your second language is arabic ? 
  i 'd rather use incorrect grammar due to being esl than support such a regime . 
  people with eu flair always seem to say the most stupidest things . 
  another triumph for the balkan 's gay community !, 
  maybe because you 're a man . 
  when i lived in paris it was a daily occurrence for me . 
  i prefer not to get harassed by racailles so i try to avoid paris at all costs . 
  to try to get to the uk . 
  if she 's voted in again then germany deserves what it gets . 
  this woman is an insane and should have been impeached since early last year . 
  when you have children the the threat feels much worse . 
  i live in a sleepy village now and am liking the idea of not going to any major city for a while . 
  i do n't think i 'll ever go back to paris but that 's mostly just because i hate paris . 
  they do it because they have an agenda , not to spare the poor audience . 
  you lot already did your part by voting out and now it 's up to us to follow though . 
  deutschland will have a difficult time giving it up though . 
  french people are too proud . 
  especially when compared to british people . 
  we did pretty well in the 50s-70s when we were mostly still homogeneous . 
  and now that we have removed ourselves even more from religion ( i say this as a devout catholic ) i think that we would prove that a homogeneous western europe would be the envy of the world . 
  but our politicians never gave us the chance . 
  it 's all part of the plan my friend . 
  god forbid people vote for a right wing party !, 
  we the ethnic europeans should not have to change at all . 
  this is our home . 
  they are the guests and are the ones who must change . 
  just accept it . 
  our country is the worst of the lot . 
  just like they do to palestinians who protest the demolition of their homes !, 
  you should feel grateful that we even include you in this sub . 
  a large portion of us on here do not consider turkey to be a part of europe because well , it 's not . 
  right wing voters usually have a very high turn out . 
  i know this . 
  regulations and international law must be revisited in order to properly protect europe . 
  the problem i have with these migrants and immigrants is culture . 
  spanish refugees came to france as have many eastern european refugees who fled communism and the destruction of ww2 . 
  if my country fell into war ( which i think could very likely happen ) then me and my family seeking refuge to spain would most likely be very accepted and intergrate just as the spanish refugees have done here in france . 
  it 's simple logic . 
  the two are not comparable . 
  the jews of europe were in immediate and obvious danger , every single one of them . 
  they were also culturally european and incredibly similar to americans , just like the bosnian refugees during the yugoslav war . 
  did they cause these issues when they sought refuge in germany ? 
  a a huge number of these migrants come from countries that are not at war . 
  they should have been denied before they even entered the eu . 
  i do n't think we should be selfless . 
  there comes a point where one must look out for themselves . 
  lol what type of year ? 
  cologne , bataclan , nice , brussels and these past few weeks have shown us that we have serious problems with muslim refugees and our established muslim communities . 
  i think it is your type who are controlled by emotion . 
  when you see the children in the pictures and think that everyone deserves to be let in . 
  well i 'd rather my country help no one than have to take in potential fakers and criminals to help a few . 
  i ca n't believe that after the year we 've had that any german can still support this migrant policy . 
  go to an immigrant dominated neighbourhood in germany to get a glimpse of the type of germany your children and grandchildren will inherit from these insane , self-destructive policies . 
  they do n't have passports because they chucked them on the ground in southeast europe to show up to germany without a passport so that officials can not find out that they 're not from war torn countries because they do n't have passports . 
  well is n't that convenient for them then . 
  i assume we 'll have an unprecedented amount of newly christian converts and mena homosexuals as well as a huge number of political prisoners . 
  if you can properly identify them , a a syrian family has a very good chance of being a legitimate refugee . 
  a young lone male from algeria however does not . 
  common sense should not be trumped by convoluted , pc regulations . 
  yes you can . 
  you can also verify their age . 
  if all else fails , put them in prison until you find out answers . 
  a huge portion of them do n't come from active war zones though . 
  it 's the purist form of islam , driven by the most purist muslims . 
  you really think muslims in western europe would trust the schools to teach their children about islam ? 
  the children would continue to go to koran lessons and muslim sunday school . 
  the only ones who would benefit him teaching about islam in school are the liberal politicians who would use it to further their agenda by preaching to young non-muslim children . 
  it would not be as easy as that . 
  many of the muslims are young and more organised than we think . 
  it would be more like building-to-building combat like in ww2 . 
  many would die on both sides . 
  i am ethnic french and grew up in an immigrant neighbourhood . 
  my school was about 95 % non-french and about 85 % muslim . 
  on top of this my family has always been very working-class , traditional catholics . 
  going to my grandmother 's tiny village in the country felt like france while my area felt like something else . 
  i was mostly only friends with other french . 
  i had some black christian friends and the muslims stuck to themselves . 
  being a french girl gave me a lot of unwanted attention from the muslim boys . 
  i think i became more catholic to prove to make it known that i was not a slut as many of them believe european women to be . 
  i will fully admit that i am xenophobic and highly critical of islam .
