  it 'll be wonderful and you 'll see that the media 's forecast of a french fn is simply lies and tall tails . 
  indigenous rights are more important than pc culture and diversity . 
  no this is a planned demographic change by globalists . 
  they could have encouraged native europeans to have more kids with big baby bonuses but they decided to go with mass immigration instead . 
  i 'm actually pro gay marriage ( even though i 'm a practising catholic ) so i do n't like her stance on gay marriage and fn is pro choice . 
  really i will vote for any party that ensures that my children and future grand children will not be minorities in their native land . 
  it would disrupt the current agenda . 
  much better and more different . 
  le pen has made the fn a much more efficient and legitimate party . 
  you wo n't hear it much on reddit because most french who speak english are liberal but le pen is very much favoured by many french people . 
  they 'll call her racist but there is a reason why we french are upset with the current situation . 
  if the other politicians address our concerns we wo n't have to resort to these populist parties . 
  in the mean time i 'll happily vote fn . 
  yes the demographic replacement is moving along quite smoothly , is n't it ? 
  careful now . 
  we french are known to get a little murdery when it comes to autocratic figures . 
  of course you would . 
  when one does n't submit to the eu overlords the eu gets upset . 
  but he got a sweet thousand euro hair cut out of it !, 
  the elites will be screaming the chant from their homogeneous gated communities for many years to come . 
  ... yet you 're still pro-refugee ? 
  only a notion of superiority of religion and pretty much all europeans were christian . 
  if she still knows where he is you should encourage her to contact the police . 
  the politicians seem to want as many migrants to come as possible . 
  i ca n't understand why without resorting to conspiracy theories . 
  it moved to southern france . 
  would n't any refugee situation be a crisis situation ? 
  poland is where we 'll probably head in a decade or so . 
  and after you went back to your homogenous country !, 
  more immigrants in france are muslim . 
  the uk got a lot of hindus and sikhs as well as muslims . 
  these non-muslim south asians integrated better than the muslims . 
  also , please do n't compare your immigration system to ours . 
  we get the scum from mena and africa and you get the cream of the crop from all over the world . 
  you ca n't compare these two pools . 
  30 to 50 % of people from nothern africa are married or live with someone who is not from there . 
  mixted marriage is the norm . 
  mixed marriage is most certainly not the norm in france . 
  maybe between blacks and maghrebians . 
  there are many mixed marriages but most whites still marry other whites . 
  i also do n't understand why mixed marriage is seen as a positive ? 
  it 's not a negative either . 
  it 's just a thing and it does not necessarily measure the value or positivity of a country . 
  also many white mixed marriages are between north african jews who have mostly assimilated 100 % . 
  religion is n't anywhere in our life , most french are agnostic , atheist or just do n't pratice their religion very seriously . 
  those who does are expected to do it in their own time , out of shared places . 
  i 'm assuming you 've never visited a muslim neighbourhood of france ? 
  you are not allowed to think and say some things that would insults other communities , you can not be anti-semite just like you ca n't call for the death of insert_minorities_here . 
  i do n't think you can do this in the uk either . 
  everybody is french , you are not allowed to live only among ` people like you '' and refuse to participate to the rest of the society . 
  refer to my banlieue question towards you . 
  also pretty sure the upper class can afford to live in nice areas with 99.9 % white inhabitants . 
  even our schools are based upon racial and religious lines , ie the school row in montpellier . 
  the french fight with their ballot rather than graffiti . 
  i volunteer to collect the head . 
  lol !, 
  i know this is a point against my argument but i still laughed . 
  i just believe that it 's better to help your own kind . 
  i , like many europeans , remember the countless muslim sieges of europe . 
  you can say that again . 
  how did it feel taking part in the destruction of your own country ? 
  i 'm french . 
  i 'm a young practising catholic . 
  ` nuff said . 
  the higher the % of muslims and foreigners , the more the native population starts to feel threatened . 
  also france will continue to have more terrorist attacks and social cohesion will continue to break down . 
  it 's so empowering to have your testimony to be worth half of a man 's testimony !, 
  and to receive half the inheritance of your brother because you 're a woman !, 
  and to have to have a male relative 's permission to travel and get married !, 
  so much empowerment !, 
  she 'll get in eventually though . 
  it 's inevitable . 
  it 's funny that so many french are atheists but yet catholic school is a huge thing in france still . 
  in my son 's class he is the only child who belongs to a family that attends regular mass . 
  thank you . 
  lol what ? 
  i am one of the most xenophobic people out there and even i admit that arabic can sound very beautiful . 
  the writing is also beautiful . 
  perfect example of why muslims will never integrate into our society . 
  our accent on the a is \u00e0 not \u00e1 . 
  so an indigenous population has no right to be concerned about becoming a minority in their own nation ? 
  are you happy about the sinification of tibet as well ? 
  using democracy and freedom to import millions of people who want to abolish democracy and freedom . 
  yes europe the birth place of democracy , civil rights and freedom created by an indigenous population over thousands of years . 
  the people wanting to preserve these ancient cultures are nothing but cavemen !, 
  silly white person !, 
  it 's racist to think that !, 
  and you !, 
  an eu flair , quelle surprise as we say here in france . 
  also i do not hide my xenophobia at all . 
  i am very open about my dislike for mass immigration to europe and the effects it 's had on our continent . 
  when portugal reaches the same level of immigration and muslims as france i think you 'll understand better . 
  actually many of the harkis and their descendants in france have assimilated 100 % . 
  they gave their children french names , became secular muslims and went on to be very high contributors to french society . 
  i have very little problem with them . 
  the issues we have from the muslim community is mostly from the immigrants who came later on during the 70s-00s . 
  yes . 
  your examples are all european so it is not a very good comparison . 
  it 's not even that they are `` ultra religious '' , because many of them are not . 
  even if they drink , do drugs , etc they still have a completely different set of morals and ideals that are incompatible with our own .
