  i would not say i am racist but in my eyes i see my culture and my country falling . 
  i will forever vote fn . 
  but i wonder who i 'd be voting for if my childhood was more similar to yours . . 
  of course we are still catholic , we just view him as a false pope . 
  yes , sorry english is not my first language . 
  he 's a trader . 
  no one in my congregation respects him . 
  not if you do it in the turkish ghetto . 
  perhaps if you 're an islamist you can think the country will rise . 
  much of eastern turkey is impoverished . 
  a degree from a british university would probably be very well regarded in turkey , even if it is only an arts degree . 
  you are a native english speaker and speak fluent turkish , that will also give you a lot of opportunity . 
  there are many turks who would give their first born to be in your situation . 
  turkey is one of the better muslim countries but in terms of infrastructure it is a third world country compared to europe . 
  poverty is a huge issue . 
  it 's not a nice country and will continue to fall . 
  but at least if you move there you 'll stop being a hypocrite . 
  i mean why would n't you want to ? 
  if you feel such a strong connection to turkey and feel more turkish than british would n't you want to do anything to move there ? 
  many turks in germany and netherlands are moving back . 
  or is it because turkey is and most likely will always be a shit hole and you do n't want to admit it to yourself ? 
  well i really think you and all turks who feel this way should simply move back to turkey . 
  perhaps you should leave europe and go back to turkey if you ca n't be grateful for living in a great nation like the uk . 
  pegida was very active even before the migrant crisis happened . 
  i ca n't imagine how they are other anti mass immigration ppl felt seeing all these migrants coming to germany and welcomed with open arms . 
  no most ethnic french ppl make the distinction and even 3rd and 4th generation immigrants are more proud of their native roots than france . 
  yes it is . 
  french people are white . 
  it ranges from blonde hair blue eyes in the north to darker features in the south but all french ppl are white . 
  it 's also unfair for us french to be robbed of our identity in order to make everyone else feel welcome . 
  they 're french nationals of course but they are not french . 
  just as how if i moved to japan and got citizenship id be a japanese national but still ethnically french . 
  if they 're so proud then they should back to where they came from . 
  we do n't need their foreign nationalism and the conflicts they bring to our continent . 
  it 's always those with eu flair who try to make excuses and reasons for these attacks to distance the perpetrator and the violence from islam . 
  why would they even put up a kurdish flag to celebrate a graduation ? 
  i 'm not saying that this merits an attack by turks but it seems like this kurdish family is not well intergrated either . 
  put up a dutch flag of anything , it was the netherlands that have this girl such opportunities . 
  because he and his party have done an absolutely horrible job . 
  he deserves far worse than being booed . 
  `` young french muslims '' please make the distinction . 
  very few ethnic french burn cars . 
  i know it seems like a national past time enjoyed by all but it 's only really muslims who do it . 
  then why would the american government continue to give them billions of dollars ? 
  for fun ? 
  many of these israelis who contributed to the world were actually first american and european jews who happened to move to israel . 
  also , usa gives billions of dollars to israel 's defence so they are n't quite doing it on their own . 
  maybe if we remembered more where we came from and who we are we 'd grow some balls . 
  bright spot for the jews , not the palestinians . 
  or lucienne the 80 year old fn supporter . 
  my family owns a small inn on the western coast . 
  we have noticed a small decrease . 
  no cancellations yet but that 's because of the deposit and that the coast is much more indigenous and safe , especially the country side . 
  we did have 3 calls ( 2 americans , 1 new zealander ) today that sounded very worried about their future trip . 
  look at his previous comment from a week ago . 
  she 's a legitimate politician who addresses legitimate issues and fears . 
  ah the good ol' ferry service to italy . 
  it 's a lovely way to sail across the mediterranean . 
  when you land in italy all your dreams will come true !, 
  southern italy is a rich and bountiful land of sunshine and open people who love when african men come in droves !, 
  can i rank them ? 
  switzerland , italy , spain , belgium , germany . 
  they 're also very #refugeeswelcome so none of this should be very surprising . 
  do n't eyes turn you on though ? 
  could be an issue as our state issued niqabs will still show our eyes . 
  i would n't want my eyes to force you to rape me . 
  unfortunately perhaps yes . 
  i do n't like islam or non-european immigrants in europe at such high numbers but i do n't want any innocent people to die . 
  but it seems like something bad like this will happen to them , all because politicians of our time refuse to listen to what the people want . 
  you lot are lucky that many of your immigrants are asian hindus and sikhs . 
  the bulk of the immigrants who came to france early on were north african muslims . 
  i 'm so happy that this way of thinking is on the way out, 
  it 's also funny to see many people against the mass han chinese migration to tibet because tibet could lose its culture and identity . 
  but then the world sees no problem with mass migration to europe . 
  i feel certain that in 100 years western europe will be fractured and at war with the muslims here . 
  most of the murderers from the previous attacks were born in france or europe . 
  i hate how people think our food is all the kind in you 'd find in an expensive restaurant . 
  yes we have some versions of these classy dishes but normal french cuisine is not so snobby but oh so delicious . 
   these jew hating and therefore france hating people should leave france and live some place they can hatefully raise their child . 
  that would mean millions of people leaving france . 
  ah yes , radical islamic finishing school . 
  1 ) no one is hoping for an attack . 
  i simply said that it is inevitable that more attacks will happen and this will most likely get more people to vote fn . 
  2 ) i do n't think she will win . 
  3 ) i agree but i think fn will be in power before 2030 . 
  the pendulum is swinging back to the right , thank god . 
  well we have n't had an attack for a while now so we 're probably over due . 
  if it 's been going like it is , the killings will become more frequent and make wake people up more . 
  the end justifies the means . 
  not good . 
  she wo n't win but fn will be in power probably within 2030 . 
  france is going to shit quite quickly with our economy , unemployment and immigration and its consequences . 
  are the mutually intelligible ? 
  it 's 2016 , the old white guilt trick does n't work anymore . 
  ah they would have been detained when they tried to get back into the eu/france because of their flagged documentation . 
  merkel and the eu letting mostly undocumented men just waltz into europe allowed for the european born killers to go back and forth . 
  their policy had a direct play into what allowed the paris attacks to happen . 
  lol but try calling white south africans african and see what happens !, 
  the european born attackers used the migrant crisis to go to isis controlled territory and to reenter europe undetected . 
  merkel and the eu have blood on their hands for the paris attack .
