because i am european and want france to remain european in demographics and in culture . 
  i do n't want my children to grow up and become minorities in their own ancestral land . 
  yes , as do millions of others . 
  fn wo n't win in 2017 but mot likely in the 2020 's . 
  i , like many french people , pray for this day to come . 
  i for one welcome our new foreign overlords . 
  they wo n't function . 
  berliners always sound like they have a cold . 
  we want to keep it this way . 
  continue to visit the slum that paris is becoming please . 
  leave our lovely countryside alone . 
  you have amazing cookies . 
  i 'm sure my great grand children will be forced to when the european caliphate emerges . 
  i 'm just saying that there is a huge double standard when it comes to how they practice their religion and we practice ours . 
  many wo n't even enter our churches . 
  they 're mostly black africans . 
  it 's funny because we are expected to eat halal meat but a muslim would never be expected to eat any christian blessed meat if there were such a thing . 
  my husband is half polish and can speak it fairly well . 
  we 're seriously considering moving there in the near future . 
  street harassment is huge here in france . 
  when western europe turns into brazil i think it will be nice to have poland as a little piece of old europe . 
  love you from france . 
  our politicians shitty past policies does not change the fact that immigrants commit more crime than the indigenous population . 
  better bus in more africans !, 
  is n't gdansk the most historical looking city after krakow ? 
  women want 21st century masculinity , not 8th century . 
  japan does n't take in millions of chinese and koreans . 
  turkey does n't take in millions of central and southeastern europeans . 
  neither of these countries does much to promote mass immigration or a multicultural society . 
  what, 
  western europe never needed to be involved in any of this . 
  they 'll be living in their gated communities . 
  you 're presented with a bowl of candy . 
  you are told that 20 % of those candies are poisonous . 
  would you take your chances or say no to the candy ? 
  european countries should not be multicultural . 
  we are indigenous and whoever comes here should conform to our way of life . 
  if you want to keep your culture when you move to the west go to canada . 
  i 'm honestly surprised it 's not higher . 
  obviously there was no formal invitation but i believe that everyone here can agree that her encouragement and lack of response was her passive invitation . 
  if merkel did n't invite all of mena in this would n't have happened in the first place . 
  i swear people with eu flair say the most crazy things . 
  why ca n't he complain about the politics and issues in his country and also post that he does n't feel welcome here ? 
  the two have nothing to do with each other . 
  all the main parties are corrupt . 
  they are just doing this to try to stop the ever increasing support of fn . 
  they all look mostly pakistani . 
  well i would be upset if the many unique cultures of pakistan started to slowly give way to a foreign culture . 
  perhaps you ca n't empathize because you know that your home country will always be there . 
  you 'd love it if islam took europe over . 
  it 's part of your religion to want to spread islam all over the world . 
  i told you i completely get where you 're coming from . 
  you 're an asian muslim , i 'm a catholic european . 
  you want to take us over , we want to defend our native land . 
  i do n't think you 'd love it if millions of east asians started moving to pakistan and began to slowly change the demographics and cultural make-up of your native land . 
  and i would be opposed to that as well . 
  just like i am opposed to china bringing in thousands of han chinese into tibet to take it over demographically . 
  ok well obviously you do n't care for europe 's indigenous population . 
  this makes total sense and i completely understand where you 're coming from . 
  good day . 
  are you white ? 
  this proposal did n't stop japan from killing and raping thousands of innocent men , women and children . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nanking_massacre i really do n't think there should be a competition of who did worse to who doing what . 
  japan was merciless in the past and they are still a homogenous country . 
  i am just using this against your argument that europe should open its borders to atone for it 's colonial past . 
  i agree 100 % that my country 's colonial past is horrible but i do n't think that we have to have mass immigration to make up for it . 
  turkey conquered much of southeastern europe and no one expects them to open up their borders and welfare to millions of south slavs or north africans . 
  14 % of norway 's population is foreign or of foreign descent , 10 % of ireland 's population is foreign . 
  98.5 % of japan is japanese . 
  now japan has a much higher population than norway or ireland and i 'm not doing math for you but it seems like norway and ireland , again two countries with no colonial past , have a much higher % of immigrants than japan , a country with a colonial past . 
  furthermore , it 's extremely difficult to get citizenship in japan and there is n't even such a thing as immigrants moving to japan to go on benefits . 
  while norway and ireland give out citizenship , let immigrants go on welfare and accepted a large amount of people in 2015 as refugees . 
  japan did n't invade countries ? 
  lol ever heard of the rape of nanking ? 
  or comfort women ? 
  japan inflicted terrible atrocities throughout china and korea and their government still refuses to issue an apology or reparations . 
  and under your thinking , then i guess norway and ireland should n't have any immigration since they do n't have a colonial past ? 
  you accuse me of being racist but it seems like you 'll use anything against white people and often put up different expectations for non-white people . 
  yes , your anecdotal evidence to back up your claim about racism in japan is totally believable . 
  just google racism in japan , this simple search will tell you what you need to know . 
  when did i say i want to harm others ? 
  you think because i 'm xenophobic that i 'm racist and want another genocide in europe ? 
  so europeans can either want to become multicultural or want to kill every non-white in europe . 
  there 's no middle ? 
  i guess there is n't since you 're a self-proclaimed marxist . 
  ah yes , the japanese and koreans are tolerant compared to europeans . 
  that 's why their population has remained at nearly 100 % homogenous while western europe invited millions of people from all over the world . 
  we dhimmi are still a little upset about the caliphate here , hence the downvotes . 
  so are the japanese and koreans nazis ? 
  i 'm being denied no rights but as a mother i obviously worry what kind of future my children will have in our country . 
  you ca n't deny that mass muslim immigration has some severe disadvantages such as crime , welfare leeching and terrorist attacks . 
  you can call me a nazi and a racist all you want . 
  i really do n't care and you must know that those words marxists love to use so much are becoming more and more empty in their meaning . 
  the right is rising . 
  getting scared ? 
  ah yes , because the only people who believe in indigenous people 's rights are fucking nazis . 
  that totally makes sense !, 
  tosser . 
  i feel the same way about cultural marxists, 
  an indigenous people have a right to remain in overwhelming demographic control .
