  well even more french people live in france . 
  i can tell you , as a french person , that french people eat a lot of traditional french food . 
  if you 're french canadian you should be ashamed of yourself for knowing so little about the motherland . 
  well with the nationalism that turks in western europe show , i 'd be highly doubtful that they 'd ever root for us . 
  how would you know what french people eat then ? 
  no i do n't wish that at all actually . 
  are you french ? 
  it 's funny to think that most turks in europe probably have a very different take on this and wish that the ottomans would have succeeded and yet we live with them side by side . 
  yea our cuisine is regarded as arguably the best in the world . 
  the kebabs are not worth it . 
  it 's a pipe dream though . 
  the very basics of islam prevent it from being changed . 
  muslims in france can perhaps individually decide not to follow certain rules , but we will never have standard `` islam of france '' like this buffoon is proposing . 
  i like how they interview from pork-eating engineers muslims to muslim women who wear cute short dresses to try to pass them off as the muslim immigrant norm and in turn bring the blame back to racist denmark . 
  no one has issues with some light migration of highly skilled and eager to intergrate immigrants . 
  however they are the exact opposite of the majority of muslim immigrants who europe has a huge problem with . 
  if you force your culture on people and then let them immigrate en masse then yes they will come . 
  our governments betrayed us by letting this happen . 
  it did n't happen just because we invaded their lands . 
  it happened because our politicians let it happen . 
  one of the biggest empires in history was the ottoman empire . 
  we do n't see turkey sacrificing and inviting millions to move and stay in turkey . 
  it 's only white countries that are expected to atone for their colonial past . 
  hmm ... i wonder why this is . 
  also the barbary pirates of north africa ripped through much of coastal europe , capturing millions of europeans and selling them in slave markets along side black africans . 
  this white slave trade only stopped when france invaded algeria . 
  perhaps the colonialisation of north africa was your precious comeuppance for these slave expeditions ? 
  or does that not fit into your narrative ? 
  wow what a horrible comparison . 
  uh no . 
  many other immigrant groups have integrated into european culture . 
  it 's really only the muslims who have refused simply because they do n't want to intergrate . 
  my ancestors were working in the fields . 
  they had nothing to do with any colonialisation . 
  she is not hated at all . 
  she has still a strong voter base in rural france , 1/3 of french youth claim they will vote for her as well . 
  she most likely wo n't win this election but it 's inevitable that france will get worse in the coming years so she should win within the next 20 years . 
  we do n't want you here in such large numbers , sorry if it makes you feel uncomfortable but my ancestors and culture have been here for hundreds of years . 
  so when you wear a headscarf or a thobe , or pray in the streets , do n't drink wine or eat ham and are here in the millions , we will realize that our culture is gradually being threatened by yours and that pisses us off . 
  so either fully intergrate or move to a muslim country . 
  it 's very refreshing to see a german on here speak some sense . 
  yea he just owned you and now you 're trying to save face . 
  how terrifying . 
  well if the illegal aliens are deported and the legitimate refugees leave after the conflict is over then i really do n't have an issue with it . 
  but we must not be foolish and think that crime has not increased in germany . 
  do you really think they 'll be sent back ? 
  that 's literally hundreds of thousands of men to be sent back . 
  they 'll get impatient , horny and angry and we 'll continue to see an increase in crime , specifically sexual crime . 
  all because of merkel and her stupidity . 
  move to a city in western europe and see how you like this diversity you are encouraging, 
  you 're ok with us letting in literally hundreds of thousands of young unaccompanied men , the majority of who do not even come from regions of conflict . 
  is this the sexual assault of this woman 's daughter 's just an innocent byproduct of this illegal migration that should be looked over ? 
  who cares if a couple of white women girls get sexually assaulted ? 
  we need to keep our borders open so people from afghanistan to ghana can slip into the eu !, 
  wtf is that black woman wearing in the second picture ? 
  so you 're ok with this woman 's daughters being sexually assaulted ? 
  i ca n't believe people like you still exist . 
  they 're not native to france but you 're right , jews have been in france for a long time . 
  most came from germany and eastern europe however for many of them the migration was hundreds of years ago . 
  we also have many more newly arrived north african jews . 
  with the exception of the orthodox community , most jews have intergrated very well . 
  they have french names , practice french culture and many even support fn . 
  i support fn and always will as they are for the french people but i really am shaking my head about this . 
  if the kippah becomes illegal then so should the headscarf and muslim men would stage a full on revolt if that was the case . 
  in the end it does n't really matter though as france is becoming more and more of a hostile place for jews because of the muslims . 
  in 50 years all the jews will have moved to israel . 
  there 's not much difference between a brit and a pole . 
  lol any white person in france has known about this for years . 
  turkish language . 
  your language is ugly . 
  we 're fed up . 
  i will . 
  yes indigenous european populations have no right to form a homogeneous majority in lands that their ancestors have been in for hundreds of years !, 
  let 's all mix up and become brazil !, 
  it 's xenophobic to want your country 's population to remain indigenous and homogeneous because you 're white . 
  that 's their way of thinking . 
  there 's no rape epidemic because the women there know not to go outside alone . 
  that 's the culture there . 
  if she gets elected again then the germans deserve the shit hole their country will become once mena people become the majority . 
  i think the country 's majority or historical religion should have certain exceptions as it ties into the overall cultural and identity of the people . 
  so yes , i 'd be ok with protestantism over-powering catholicism in sweden . 
  the religions are very close though and you were all once catholic so i do n't think the two comparisons are very relevant . 
  that is illegal in islam for a woman . 
  my husband was going to take a job for aramco in saudi . 
  we are catholics and were trying to see how we could practice our faith in ksa . 
  we found out that basically we ca n't . 
  we 'd have to drive to bahrain for mass , could n't wear crucifixes , could n't bring a bible or any pictures , prayer cars , crosses etc. 
  we wanted our children to join the french language school outside of the compounds but we were worried about our children talking about catholicism to their peers or teachers . 
  we decided that it was impossible for us to practice our religion and he declined for this reason and some others . 
  now a saudi moving to france would have very little problem practicing their religion here . 
  i used to think that we could n't hold muslim countries up to the same expectations as we have here but now i believe that this is bs . 
  if they do n't respect our religion and culture then we should not respect theirs . 
  pork is a huge part of the french diet , like most of europe . 
  why should we have to change this for immigrants ? 
  i do n't even frequent french subreddits anymore . 
  if you say you are fn you get downvoted to oblivion in seconds . 
  vote fn . 
  yes we 're all brothers in the end . 
  so i 'll probably become one of those unintergrated immigrants who ca n't speak the language . 
  how ironic .
