  greece is not nearly as diverse as paris . 
  you 're either lying or blind . 
  no i 've read that france is 85 % european . 
  and i never said the greece was 92 % european , i said 92 % greek . 
  many of the non-greeks are european . 
  you 're insane if you think france is only 2 % less white than greece . 
  go to athens and then go to paris . 
  i think you 'll notice a bit of a difference . 
  he thought the swedes were swarthy ? 
  a large portion of the non-europeans in athens are illegals that have no citizenship . 
  there are pockets of non-europeans but it 's ridiculous to say that greece is multi-cutural like say france or the uk . 
  they 've been spared from mass immigration . 
  greece is over 92 % greek . 
  that 's quite homogeneous . 
  and then bled out . 
  oh sweet homogeneous greece . . 
  get over yourself . 
  i 'm disgusted by halal meat but would n't freak out and cuss someone out if i went to a muslim country and was served it . 
  by the time the next huge wave comes , there will be huge security and probably orders to shoot on sight . 
  you 're not even european . 
  how would you know ? 
  and as my eu overlord i will have to submit to thou . 
  like you would know . 
  any man with an eu flair would be the one getting fucked , not the one doing the fucking . 
  i do n't get how immigrant children who are born in germany/sweden/netherlands can not speak the language well and yet i have heard a lot about this . 
  in france the blacks and north africans kids born here all can speak french . 
  often they will speak `` ghetto '' french but they can still speak the language . 
  chinese and other immigrant children face the same situation and they do n't go around being dicks about it . 
  i think this is a fantasy made up by men . 
  nice is riddled with crime and poverty . 
  use your girlfriend to get your french culture fix . 
  how dare native europeans want their country to remain demographically indigenous !, 
  there are several different safe countries refugees could go to before they reach the mediterranean . 
  life is n't fair . 
  you live in canada so who cares what your ideal europe is . 
  oh yes . 
  the italian coast guard should just become a permanent ferry service for african migrants . 
  italy is doing so well , they can absolutely afford to bring in thousands of africans . 
  this is pointless . 
  good day . 
  i 'm starting to think you 're either not actually french or an incredibly rich french person . 
  i have never seen a french person who can write english so well and if i 'm being honest i have difficulty understanding some of what you say . 
  perhaps you 're a brit or american living here ? 
  perhaps this is because i grew up in poor neighbourhood which had a huge muslim population . 
  i was around these people all the time . 
  i met a lot of nice muslims and had muslim friends . 
  i also met a lot of very unassimilated muslims , both child and adult , who had no love for france or any desire to be a part of our society . 
  of the muslim friends i had , many worked hard and went to school and now live normal lives . 
  i have no hate for these kinds of people and would consider them to be good citizens . 
  it takes some effort but it is possible to leave poverty here in france by working hard and using our many social benefits to help you . 
  they did it , i did it as did my mother when she was a single mother of 5 . 
  jean-marie does not run the fn anymore so i really do n't understand why he is important to this . 
  marine has cleaned up the fn and we can see that it is no longer anti-semitic . 
  many jews even vote fn . 
  many french jews also leave france because of the growing muslim anti-semitism . 
  perhaps that is telling to how it 's like to be a jew in france . 
  de souche french are a myth ? 
  how ? 
  are you really trying to erase an ethnic group ? 
  people have been living in france for thousands of years . 
  i am the descendants of one of them and unfortunately for you we are voting fn , as are many other non-french europeans . 
  i do n't work and we live in a family home . 
  that 's the only way we can afford this . 
  you should have a fifth and we can do some sort of french-english family swap . 
  we have all boys so i 'm hoping that this one will be a girl . 
  lol i really think it 's an over exageration of you to say that marine is the devil . 
  see you admit that there is already a cultural divide between us and the immigrants . 
  i do n't think that we french should have to budge one bit to ease this divide . 
  the muslims must change to become more like us . 
  they are in our ancestral land so i should not have to do anything . 
  the problem is that their numbers are getting bigger and soon they will have much more political sway and it will be us who have to change for them . 
  i simply ca n't understand how someone , especially a white , can live in europe and think that every thing is ok . 
  unless perhaps you are rich . 
  the bank of england has already forecasted that brexit will not be as bad as the fear-mongering press let on . 
  so that 's what i was talking about , i was n't trying to predict the future by myself . 
  i agree with you and i think that our children should be taught about about how bad colonialism was . 
  i also think that they should be taught to be proud to be french and european . 
  i see no problem in that . 
  i think the fn will do wonders to our economy and society and help the french regain our country from the mass of muslims who our pas traitor politicians welcomed in with open arms . 
  may i ask if you are ethnically european ? 
  just found out i 'm pregnant with my fifth , do n't worry i got this guys . 
  mass immigration to france started in the 60s . 
  so a little over 50 years our population went from 1 % non-european to 15 % non-european . 
  some of our bigger cities have reached up to 50 % non-european in this short span as well . 
  this is a huge demographic change . 
  some may see this as good but i and many other europeans see this as a huge offence to our culture and everything our ancestors fought and died for . 
  we must look at the under 18 population to see how quickly a population can change . 
  there are conflicting reports because getting around france 's no race question is difficult , but some sources put the non-european youth population at 40 % of the youth in france . 
  this is a huge number and we will see the non-european sky rocket when the baby boomers start dying . 
  i 'd be totally fine with travelling with visas . 
  you know many working-class people , many of whom are non-white , do n't have the means to travel so i would say that this is a very french first world problem . 
  who cares if you need a visa to visit a country , it 's not a big deal . 
  i 'd rather my country regain its sovereignty than be a part of some super government . 
  i disagree and think that france would do very well out of the eu , like any country would . 
  we can already see that the nightmare that brexit was supposed to bring has never come and wo n't . 
  patriotism is actually only considered old fashion in the west . 
  among most countries , including japan and korea , nationalism is seen as a good thing and a strong unifier of the people . 
  you could tell me that marine boils dead kittens at night and i 'd still vote for her . 
  i and millions of other french people are sick of what our country has become and we are using democracy to voice our opinion . 
  it does n't matter if we do n't win in 2017 because we 'll win eventually , maybe in the next 15 years .
