it 's my understanding that ireland is still strongly anti-abortion certain sectors of irish society would be strongly anti-abortion but not the whole country . 
  [ public opinion has been broadly supportive of abortion legislation to be introduced ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abortion_in_the_republic_of_ireland#public_opinion ) . 
  there is still a sizable enough conservative movement with a lot of clout behind them however in ireland and they begin their sabre rattling whenever the issue comes to a head . 
  take last year 's * protection of life during pregnancy bill * which allowed for an abortion when a women 's life is in danger , including the risk of suicide . 
  it received [ strong public support ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/abortion-ireland-rape-fatal-foetal-abnormality-771180-jan2013/ ) but the [ conservative brigade and the church still managed to stage mass demonstrations against it ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/50000-join-march-in-protest-at-abortion-law-29401009.html ) . 
  even more pertinently , five tds ( members of parliament ) from the main government party fine gael voted against the bill and were expelled from the parliamentary party because of that . 
  a large chunk of fine gael 's voting base would be opposed to abortion legislation and , because there 's an election in less than a year and a half , they do n't want to push the issue again and put through more expansive abortion legislation as it would risk splitting their party . 
  party politics getting in the way of democratic will . 
  i know , shock . 
  if the issue went to a referendum i would wager it would pass . 
  perhaps not as comprehensively as the polls would suggest as people who are more inclined to be anti-abortion ( old and rural , basically ) are also more inclined to actually vote but the sizable urban and less-sizable-though-in-this-case-it-might-be-more-sizable-due-to-the-liberal-issue-at-hand youth vote should push it through . 
  i never said the us orchestrated it . 
  i said the us supported it . 
  which they did . 
  they immediately recognised the coup 's leaders as the de facto government and had prior knowledge of it without ever informing chavez . 
   after hugo ch\u00e1vez officially resigned the presidency well that never happened . 
  the us government at the time claimed he did in attempt to legitamise their support for the new government but he never did . 
  the coup leaders demanded that he resign and chavez said he would as long as a few conditions were met including power passing to his vice-president , elections to be held immediately and safe passage for his family to cuba . 
  the coup leaders refused those conditions and they threatened to bomb the palace chavez was being held in to make him resign . 
  would you like to go through some more coups and plots in latin america supported and/or orchestrated by the us ? 
  we could be here all day . 
  your ignorance of your country 's bullying of its neighbours is astounding . 
  what 's your source for that ? 
  because gallup would contradict it . 
  [ support for the us in latin america is more or less on par with the rest of the world ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/142631/worldwide-leadership-approval.aspx ) ah yes , venezuela . 
  the country where america supported an illegal coup to oust a democratically elected government just 12 years ago . 
  that part of your `` honey '' strategy ? 
   we definitely pressure our neighbors to stand with us , but we use more honey than vinegar while it seems that russia uses more vinegar than honey . 
   as for the bully part , i 'd like to think that we are the type if bully that is also your friend . 
  a `` regina george '' type friend who you like to hang around because she 's cool and popular but who can be a sassy bitch if you do something she does n't like . 
  well now , deary me , what a crock of misty-eyed bullshit . 
  or do you consider the proxy wars and cia installed dictators in latin america over the years to be more honey than vinegar ? 
  perhaps we should ask cuba if they see the us in the same light as you just described ? 
  russia and america are both power systems who use whatever means necessary to influence other countries and protect their interest . 
  neither one is more noble than the other , with its intentions or methods . 
  he advised kazakhstan 's dictator on how to spin civilian deaths caused by kazakhstan 's security forces . 
  link : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/tony-blair/11052965/tony-blair-gives-kazakhstans-autocratic-president-tips-on-how-to-defend-a-massacre.html, 
  absolute dick . 
  i have nothing meaningful to say but that man just makes my blood boil . 
  war-mongering , dictator-helping human wart . 
  4/french . 
  there has been a big growth in the number of gaelscoileanna ( schools which use irish as its primary language for learning ) in the last 25 years but the way the language is taught in english-speaking schools , which still forms the large majority of schools in ireland , mean that most irish people leave school at 18 with virtually no proficiency in the language . 
  it 's a compulsory subject all the way through school but people never learn to love it and you ca n't blame them , such is the terrible way it is taught in the majority of schools . 
  i went to a gaelscoil and gaelchol\u00e1iste so i 'm fluent and quite proud of that . 
  i do n't consider myself patriotic but i think it 's nice to be able to speak the language that my ancestors spoke for hundreds of years . 
  that said , i would favour it being non-compulsory for secondary school and up and a complete overhaul of the syllabus with more emphasis on oral lessons and less on draconian grammar . 
  i think it 's a great thing to know but i do n't feel like it should be forced on people . 
  we still have an irish speaking tv channel , radio channel and all of our road signs are in irish as well as english so it 's not like it 's been totally relegated . 
  there are virtually no monolingual irish speakers left , however . 
  [ here is a video of one the last ones if anyone 's interested ] ( http://https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=up4nxlkjx_4 ) . 
  only used that source as it was the first one to come up when i googled ( cia social media cuba ) . 
  i read about it at the time but i could n't remember where . 
  [ here 's a more reputable source ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/04/world/americas/us-says-it-tried-to-build-a-social-media-site-in-cuba-but-failed.html?_r=0 . ), 
  i agree with most of these sentiments . 
  good , balanced post . 
  ok , i was being very sketchy with how to define the west . 
  i was generalising , fair point . 
  the us and the eu are what i would generally refer to as `` the west '' . 
  sweeping terms do no one any help . 
  i acknowledged it was my own personal experience . 
  i did n't try to claim otherwise . 
  but what else can i go by ? 
  that is how i perceive the subreddit to be when i visit it every day , i 'm not trying to say that 's how others might also perceive it . 
  i 'm not trying to paint the world as black and white . 
  how am i ? 
  the fact you had to copy and paste a paragraph from wikipedia to further your argumrnt is relevant . 
  and i do not agree with that assertion anyway as , while i am trying to point out the hypocrisy , i am not dismissing their diatribes against russia or putin to be incorrect or invalid . 
  nope , that is not what i said . 
  not once . 
  i simply ask for equal condemnation . 
  i was pointing out the similarities between america 's historic and current relationships with its neighbours and russia 's historic and current relationships with its neighbours and asking why america does not receive similar condemnation ( on this subreddit anyway ) . 
  because i presupposed the west is monolithic that makes me a russian apologist ? 
  christ . 
  that 's one easy fucking gig . 
  never denied russia were n't waging war on ukraine , simply asked for similar or equal condemnation be given when the us is meddling in the affairs of its neighbours . 
   putin has butt hurt . 
  great contribution . 
   i do n't know where you 're getting the idea that people do n't criticize the us for its actions in the past , because people criticize the us all the time they do . 
  but i find / r/europe to ( naturally ) be much more slanted in the us 's favour . 
   nor do i see a problem with the us setting up a censorship-proof social network for cubans yep , because that was definitely the aim of that particular programme . 
  i was merely pointing out that the us has a history of destabilising its neighbours , as does russia , and continues to attempt to influence the political decisions of their neighbours for their own geopolitical ends . 
  i do n't understand how those two quotes of mine link , in anyway . 
   can you find a person that both says `` the us is good '' and `` russia is evil '' . 
  that is the general narrative prevalent in this subreddit , in my experience . 
  perhaps other people perceive it to be different but i have always found this prevailing opinion that the west is somehow morally superior to russia on here . 
  just my experience . 
  and thinking some people are n't black and white with geopolitics is naive . 
  there are people like that on both sides . 
  also , if you 're going to [ copy and paste an entire paragraph from wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ) then perhaps you should give it proper accreditation , rather than passing it off as your own . 
  again , your last two paragraphs are moot because i never tried to claim russia has any territorial claim over ukraine or anything like that . 
  my original post was aimed at a pro-western ukranian and simply asking him how he can condemn russia 's hostile actions while at the same time extolling the virtues of a culture or country which does the same thing , albeit in a different part of the world . 
  i agree with much of what you wrote , however . 
  the referendum in crimea was a joke and russia does not have any territorial claim over ukraine . 
  the one thing i disagree with you is that , in regards to the crisis in ukraine , the west is blameless but that is for another day and not something i think is relevant to what i was trying to argue . 
  i 'm not a russian apologist . 
  i never said russia was good . 
  you ca n't ignore criticism of the west 's role in the crisis in the east by simply saying `` russian apologist '' any time any one raises questions . 
  tell me , where did i attempt to justify russia 's crimes ? 
  please point it out , i 'm dying to know . 
  i simply asked that both be condemned equally .
