  i 'm wondering if any of you have advice on how to play glisses/improve on them and more importantly , make krekhtsn . 
  or if there 's a good video tutorial online , even better . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  hvala !!, 
  ... too soon ? 
  i guess this is just a message i 'm sending out into the world . 
  one minute i 'm so sad all of my body is in rigor , then i 'm absolutely emotionless . 
  that state scares me . 
  then i get to laugh at a joke and appreciate the non-shitty in life . 
  then ... back to sad again . 
  i 'm a long time member of the `` pussy '' group , still here ... life has really worn me out . 
  some people do n't appreciate my flair for drama , but hey - it does n't matter what it sounds like to you , if i 'm having trouble coping with it it 's hard for me , right ? 
  that 's the point , * i 'm * having a hard time . 
  i fantasize about someone helping me out with this , i close my eyes and try to imagine feeling a cold gun on the back of my head . 
  and then there 's nothing . 
  would n't that be nice ? 
  not having to have another . 
  shitty . 
  day . 
  i 'm sorry i could n't do better for people in my life or for myself . 
  i 'd like to think i did the best i could . 
  i had good intentions . 
  i wish for people to have a good life from now on . 
  i hope it turns out better for others ( for some it already has and congrats to that ) . 
  too bad i have n't managed to maintain quality relationships with people , my friends are too self-absorbed to ask how i am . 
  they ca n't help me/don ' t know how/don ' t realize i 'm not well/don ' t care even if i tell them . 
  seriously . 
  this `` pull-yourself-by-your-bootstraps '' talk is the worst . 
  my so is n't physically here but has been the best . 
  i 'm sorry he has to put up with my shit all the time . 
  he 's great . 
  i should be thankful , he 's a good reason to keep on . 
  thank you . 
  and thanks to you guys reading , taking the time for my post . 
  hope it gets better !, 
  i 'm planning on making a series of fictional clothing campaign ads deriding isis . 
  i used to post cartoons and jokes on islam frequently but people are advising me against it . 
  what are your thoughts ? 
  is n't the whole point not to succumb to fear ? 
  is it called depression when you 're handling a lot of problems and when sadness is justifiable ? 
  there 's that but then again i catch myself feeling terrible even when days are better than others . 
  i cry uncontrollably and rock my body at times ( right now ) . 
  i 'm amazed i get up in the morning . 
  well on weekends i do n't , i physically stay in bed and try and force myself to do something apart from movies . 
  movies are great cause they do n't require interaction . 
  then there are perfectly functional days , i make people laugh , i want to communicate , i get hungry and enjoy food . 
  is it normal to switch like that all the time ? 
  i 'm frozen in my mind . 
  i do n't want to help myself . 
  i seem to enjoy this emotion , i 've grown accustomed to it . 
  most people ca n't tell how shitty i am on the inside . 
  i keep giving them signals by outright saying it but being open about is sort of taboo where i live . 
  therapy and admitting to psychological problems is n't something people do , you bottle it up never admit to it . 
  you 're better off being outright evil than sad/emotionally unstable . 
  how do i move on ? 
  i typed up a few more paragraphs but read the sub rules mid-post , basically some graphic suicidal stuff that i will refer from doing on here . 
  i was wondering how much trouble you get into when voicing your opinion ( that flirts with that bad-boy , atheism ) on subjects ? 
  especially women 's forums . 
  they 're all safe spaces for people that bury their heads in the sand . 
  talk is mostly of rape and wage gap inequality and a lot of comments conclude with the men = evil line of thinking . 
  well that should be okay to say as everything should . 
  but the correlation between violence on women and religion is very obvious ; pointing that out is too sensitive - even results in a ban !, 
  so my question to you guys is - is there any way to go about it ? 
  because it 's starting to feel like reddit is a place where i can say less than when speaking in the flesh . 
  i see people on / r/atheism that come here when they ca n't voice their opinion where they live because they might suffer concequences for questioning things around them . 
  you have been a good sub . 
  thanks for the freedom to speak our mind , differ in opinion and learn somethimg new . 
  cheers !, 
  i made a decision to go work in a remote city because i 'll finally get employment . 
  i 'm just worried about struggles of being truly alone for the first time ever !, 
  i 've lived either at my parents ' or with my bf . 
  i do n't know anyone there except my future boss and his family . 
  thanks for any kind of input , reddit . 
  lost job today . 
  keen on having human contact , someone to love . 
  sick parents stuck with bills . 
  frustration over how good i had it three years ago ( and did n't even realize it then ) . 
  i need a break . 
  i wish to say goodbye once and for all but am also aware the slightest show of affection would bring me back to life and i 'd fight for it . 
  how do i get out of this ? 
  thank you for reading , my dear redditors, 
  i have a great urge to love someone and give them my full attention . 
  if the person does n't exist you ca n't ask for mutual feelings . 
  i do tend to ask for the same kind of affection in return irl and it does n't work out , needless to say . 
  i need to know someone might be there for me at some point . 
  i ca n't continue on with the thought of being alone for an indeterminate amount of time . 
  is it normal to daydream of better times ? 
  almost fifteen years of wallowing . 
  i 'm getting there . 
  never could really see myself doing it but i took another unbelievable blow today . 
  i know people say you need to set yourself straight before getting involved with a mate , but i know i 'd get back into the game if someone thought i was worth a shot . 
  i have a big heart and i wan na share things . 
  my life force ca n't come from me exclusively . 
  love your pets and significant others . 
  parents , whoever inspired you in the least bit . 
  so many good folks out there . 
  continue being wonderful , i 'll hang around and watch you share your life with me a little while longer . 
  hey guys ,, 
  i 'm not in a tremendous hurry to get away but am interested to make a detour in my life sometime this year . 
  i have limited funds - about 3000 bucks .
