  thanks for answering a couple of other questions , i do know the answer . 
  they were meant to be rhetorical though :-), 
  what wording perplexes you , erescatolica ? 
  also , do i write like a dude ? 
  we do n't know the background of the story , i would n't jump to conclusions about the girl 's mother , i 'm sure there 's so much violence and fear in that household that i would n't judge her right away . 
  `` i am amzed how the op decided to pick his words '', 
  here 's where you called me a dude . 
  i guess it was unintentional , 
  you 're right , paraguayan government does not respect women . 
  well , since you wanted to get into the way the english language works , `` he '' might be standard for when you speak spanish but not english . 
  it 's always he/she , his/hers , yada , yada ... my native language has a neutral way of saying the same thing . 
  anyway , we 're off topic . 
  i 've typed a lot today , just wanted to see how the pro choice community feels about particularly sensitive cases like this one , i guess i 've read some sane posts and some . . not as much . 
  i 'm off topic but your mention of dystopia and authoritarian governments made me think of the book `` handmaid 's tale '' by, 
  margaret atwood . 
  i ca n't say if it 's good or not , i 've been meaning to read it but have n't yet . 
  maybe it sparks your interest , 
  ohhh it 's not reversible but you can make half baked bread and toss it . 
  there 's no turning back but you can move left and right , you do n't have to go straight ahead !, 
  hence the cancer parallel . 
  read it all again . 
  you 'll get it . 
  do you think saying `` well , uh , i 'm not sure , our maternal deaths are higher than most developed countries and it increases as the age drops , but we 'll pray for the best '' is going to feed the governments strict we-want-more-paraguayans-no-matter-what-agenda ? 
  reminds me of that starvin ' marvin episode of south park ... `` we do n't eat the bible , we read the bible ! '', 
  you 're killing me plasma . 
  move on man !, 
  i was thinking more in the lines of abortion = woman 's right to choose . 
  of course , certain cultures are more misogynistic than others and therefore have more female infanticide and abortions due to the baby 's gender . 
  what you 're talking about is not a separate debate but is a broader subject , it 's deeply rooted in these cultures . 
  being pro life simply because it makes it difficult to perform abortions in patriarchal societies does n't remove the problem ( india has a big problem with female infanticide but also has strict abortion laws so most cases are illegal ) . 
  the more-or-less western topic of women 's reproductive rights has a lot to do with the christian belief system . 
  islam has different views on abortion therefore they 're morally accepted up until 4 moths . 
  even though i cringe at the though of someone aborting a fetus/baby because of it 's gender ... we ca n't look into abortion laws to prevent them . 
  it wo n't make significant difference overall . 
  i see quite a few people recommend this , guess i should take you up on it , 
  are you thinking of `` special oy-fects : klezmer clarinet technique for the advanced classical player '' ? 
  yeah , it looks very hard to obtain , but nevertheless thanks . 
  so , tell me more about your experience . 
  do you still play , how did you get over the obstacles ? 
  that 's a norman rockwell photo right there . 
  saw that the other day - the guy has it all , he 's funny even !, 
  i 'll look into the violin tutorials !, 
  you 're right about posture and correcting the embouchure , some days i 'm more disciplined than others and it improves the way i play dramatically . 
  as for the library loan - i 'm not american nor a student , too bad : /, 
  thanks for all your tips , i hope you get back to the clarinet at some point , good luck !, 
  here 's my reply to your claim in the first paragraph :, 
  to answer your question - yes . 
  it would have been moral . 
  i do not hold my potential life more precious than my unrealized mother 's . 
  we are not special . 
  the universe is not an equilibrium , not everything happens for a reason ( even if it does sound better than the alternative ) . 
  you could go a step further with the shoulda , woulda , coulda philosophy and say all the sperm and eggs that died away could have made potentially wonderful people . 
  and they could have . 
  still , should we dwell on it ? 
  so i guess it must 've been all that reading that made rooster talk like this :, 
  ... and then there 's this :, 
  if you consider what the average wages are in both countries , everything is more expensive in croatia . 
  in case you meant specific goods such as food here 's this :, 
  or gas :, 
  honestly , feels like one half of my salary goes to one and the rest to the other . 
  i do n't consider embryogenesis more than a potential for life . 
  therefore for reasons such as `` well i 'm not sure i want the baby or can take care of it properly '' i would consider abortion legitimate until the end of the first trimester . 
  in cases where complications occur ( for either the fetus or the mother ) i feel it ought to be allowed to terminate the pregnancy at any point in time . 
  by complications i mean the fetus is abnormal in its development or the mother 's health is at risk . 
  allowing abortions for reasons other than health risks at the point of limit of fetal viability might be overly generous . 
  also , there ought to be a very structured penal system for people that use abortion as means of contraception . 
  i 'm not a legal nor medical expert to draw a line on how many screw-ups is enough but my gut tells me there 's something seriously psychologically wrong with women that routinely do the procedure . 
  my biggest issue with this subject is that the majority of people who do not share my views are routinely the same people that are opposed to sexual education . 
  sex should not a taboo subject , nothing should be . 
  raising awareness and learning of the consequences early on can and will reduce incidences , unwanted pregnancies and transmittance of stds . 
  we need to show understanding for people that have gotten in this situation , be empathetic because one thing i know is for certain - people do not like doing the procedure . 
  for them it 's the better of two evils . 
  these women are in a tough position and closing down clinics will make it worse for the poorest , least educated and most miserable among all of us . 
  we do n't want that . 
  what the hell happened in nicaragua in 1944 ? 
  wonderful graphic layout btw, 
  where is this ? 
  this reminds me vaguely of when i was a kid and went swimming/snorkeling during a huge mucilage outbreak in the adriatic . 
  i remember going under water and being terrified of the it 's surface . 
  i paddled and paddled looking up above me trying to find a clearing , almost went out of breath trying to find it . 
  i adore seals but something about leopard seals unsettles me , they have that hyena from lion king look about them . 
  i 'm not entirely friendless , but most people i 'm in touch with are , well , touch-and-go friends/acquaintances . 
  i 'm an extrovert but have become skeptical towards a number of relationships with people over the years . 
  i do n't have the energy to make as many new ones and with time i 'm disappointed with people i 'm left with . 
  to break my day down for you : 9 to 5 , food ( looove food ) , yoga when i 'm super-uplifted , playing music , binge-watching ( insert hbo show here ) . 
  gold ? 
  did someone say gold ? 
  i miss him , my absolute favorite comedian . 
  i do n't know if i 've ever disagreed with his political stance . 
  i do n't think it means what you think it means ... 
  rockin ' that polka dot pattern , my friend !, 
  ahhhh better luck next time , 
  to je jimmy carr , komi\u010dar iz velike britanije . 
  way ahead of you !, 
  just do n't get this :, 
  the slovene architectural scene rocks !, 
  ilana glazer reminds me of her ( i think that might be what she 's going for ) . 
  noup . 
  `` these news items '' , da , al ne samo `` news '' . 
  `` news is bad '' .
