  he was so frustrated he could n't chew on them !, 
  sheesh , that was an intense dog, 
  i bet this sub will freak , no holding bunnies i 'm afraid : /, 
  i love the outfit but i 'm still posting my absolute favorite for more inspiration , mardi gras is around the corner after all !, 
  this species can , but it 's cute so it 's okay, 
  your post is seriously underrated . 
  yep , we call it `` froggies '' in my native language . 
  did n't realize peter sarsgaard was in a manson flick . 
  username checks out ( not ) . 
  wow , i miss ithaca , too . 
  hope to visit again some day , this time no architectural model deadlines or anything , 
  i agree with you ; legs should be more pronounced and the '' & '' should be a squigglier serif font that should adapt to the swan form . 
  otherwise a great great idea !, 
  i know , i recently replied on a guys comment saying how great it was and got -20 . 
  i 'm still working out the reddit crowd , we 're special snowflakes after all , 
  i keep hearing monks throat-singing while watching this . 
  til bernie sanders and [ mike zegen ] ( http://static01.nyt.com/images/2013/12/27/arts/27isherwood/27isherwood-articlelarge.jpg ) are long-lost twins . 
  haha i 'm a total idiot !!, 
  i was looking at a vid of me with goats minutes ago and they got stuck in my head . 
  i 'm so embarrased ... 
  screw it . 
  marc maron is my spirit animal . 
  i am acutely aware of that . 
  all of europe has kind of shifted to the regressives and leaves you having more common ground with the far-right to some extent . 
  my recent problems have shifted towards catholicism . 
  in light of the zika virus outburst more should be said on the subject of illegal abortion in south america . 
  it clearly has god written all over it ( but do n't tell anyone ) !, 
  as for the regressive left , at least we 'll always have harris , dawkins , maher and rubin , saad and the like to fight them on a greater platform . 
  that 's exactly what i posted on / r/feminisms and got banned for, 
  how could you have a sense of humor ? 
  wage gap is a fallacy . 
  and i can say it because i 'm a woman . 
  that 's how it works , right ? 
  i was abviously kidding . 
  it 's the worst argument to plead any case . 
  anytime someone says that they loose all credibility in my book . 
  huh ... 
  but all these things are very much connected . 
  animal rights have a lot to do with halal and kosher killing , stoning for adultery ( very much a feminist subject ) is directly linked to religion . 
  atheism/religion covers so many things . 
  you ca n't argue women 's rights without looking into religion . 
  i am aware not all atheists are feminists and certainly not all feminists are godless . 
  what i expect from other subs that discuss ideas , morals , politics is to form a dialogue . 
  you ca n't expect everyone to succumb to unwritten taboos of a particular - ism . 
  the feminists subs are okay with branding men pejoratively while i find that idiotic to say the least . 
  gay is okay , questioning god not so much . 
  it 's like we need a guide for political correctness where to say what . 
  i sure am a ranty individual . 
  thanks for coping with me :d, 
  oh , i did n't understand you the first time . 
  you trust that there is a wage gap . 
  i do n't . 
  well , it has to do with women working jobs that are often paid less , apply for studies that also result in employment that is n't necessarily lucrative , they take more leave , have kids and often go to retirement early . 
  this results in a lower average pay when comparing sexes . 
  we are not equal biologically so the playing field is different for us . 
  it 's a bitch , it 's `` unfair '' but so is everything . 
  what we could do for women is not punish them for having kids , not cut pay for maternity leave . 
  as for interests , it 's nobody 's fault we tend to go for humanities instead if engineering , business and the like ( i 'm talking about big numbers , obviously this does n't apply to many of them ) . 
  i may be too strict , but your friend is not an atheist by my definition of one . 
  i know plenty of people that diss on openly religious , `` spiritual '' folks but flirt with supernatural bullshit , `` meant to be '' , and `` that 's totally what a scorpio would say '' idiocy . 
  they do n't subscribe to christianity or judaism , baby jesus is a hack but tarot reading is soooo interesting !, 
  i agree with you , nothing is meant to be , it just is . 
  and after that it 's not . 
  and that should be enough for us . 
  that 's not to say i do n't understand why people try and search for reason when they loose a leg or a child . 
  furthermore , i 'm sorry that your friendship is on the rocks right now , but that happens in so many cases . 
  i prefer to be friends that do n't share my view than ones that ca n't get over a temporary dispute even though we share similar interests otherwise . 
  the way you put it there 's a height gap . 
  a weight gap between sexes . 
  sounds to me like you would propose women get paid more than men per working hour so that they could ultimately be level with them . 
  hey , i 'm not gon na argue , bring money my way !, 
  how would you go about this problem ? 
  we both agree that arithmetically there 's a difference . 
  we 've also estimated biology is the key factor . 
  when it comes to maternity leave there should be more options than are given ; the us is known to be brutal towards pregnant women in the work force and women on their 48 hour maternity leave . 
  i suggest paying great penalties and fines for discriminatory behavior towards soon-to-be mothers and recent mothers - no layoffs after coming back to work , longer leave and so forth . 
  also , big problem - too few men/dads opt for staying at home . 
  few countries encourage that and there 's a big social sigma behind it . 
  that should be addressed . 
  another thing - part-time jobs , work-from-home arrangements . 
  my country has n't invented a part-time job proposal yet , for example . 
  these are the means by which you bring women to the table . 
  as for caring for the elderly , it goes back to the same thing - we care too much . 
  we are more inclined to be empathetic towards people , our babies , our parents . 
  it is our nature . 
  the one that cares more is a sucker in society . 
  you wan na live a cozy , well-to-do life ? 
  do n't have kids , work a lot . 
  put your work first and yourself second , no place for third . 
  how can government recalibrate our most prominent evolutionary traits ? 
  it 's like vegans feeding their dogs solely vegetables ( and there are some ) . 
  are you mad at the polar bear family ? 
  the mama bear is so giving and really - papa 's a piece of shit . 
  i hate that guy . 
  but it 's how they roll . 
  i conclude with this - education might be the only thing to help us overcome a prominent difference in the way sexes live their lives but it will never be the same . 
  we can not exterminate rape , single-parent households or the plain fact that women do n't fight as much to move up in the world ( do n't get me wrong , many do , but a lot of us are meek and scared to ever complain about anything ) . 
  it was great talking to you , btw . 
  we differ on our definitions but basically have the same frame of mind . 
  and cats .
