  millenials overall seem to have a problem with keeping a relationship , we 're hopeless almost ... 
  i do n't think relations between two people even get to a point where you talk about being faithful anymore . 
  everything 's very touch and go . 
  people have trouble admitting they care for one another , that they want to be exclusive . 
  i 'm seeing a guy atm that simply pushes the idea away , keeps talking of having your options open when we seem to get along perfectly well . 
  and as much as i 'd love to give it my all , i ca n't because i 'm gon na get hurt in no time . 
  so seeing people is n't a given , you can still end up pretty lonely . 
  the most ironic thing is it 's killing all of us , i do n't imagine anyone 's happy living like this . 
  not in the long run . 
  edit : sorry , had to look at your profile for a sec there . 
  the whole idea of reading people based on what their face looks like it 's ludicrous and shitty . 
  what i 'm saying is , try and lay off these bitter subs . 
  do we need to push people off the edge here ?!, 
  no need to touch on fidelity if your topic revolves around looks so much . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm just making a suggestion, 
  yeah , i have , on a thread about hitler 's drug addiction , front-page a couple of hours ago . 
  sigh . 
  somehow this guy looks like a tom hardy caricature, 
  i feel most of the things you 've written down are temporary fillers for life . 
  i love all food , savor in it . 
  i drink a lot ( of beer ) to feel more numb but also because i love the taste and it 's a relatively good social glue . 
  i tried lsd and have felt it was a great experience , was able to comprehend many social cues i could n't have worked out without taking it ( seriously , the mental depths is showed me ) . 
  i listen to sad stuff more often cause i 'm not running away from my pain , and sad is kind of more beautiful . 
  more meaningful , much like unfulfilled love feels greater than the one reciprocated . 
  i have bouts of happiness and energy and sometimes listen to more upbeat stuff but would n't put it on in order to make me feel better . 
  my mood follows my preference , not the other way around . 
  i sure have blurted out a lot of shit on here . 
  i hope you 're temporarily feeling down and need advice ( i have n't provided any but still wish you find a good place for yourself ) . 
  si stavil na r/mapporn ili r/europe ? 
  black samurai, 
  thats great advice , too bad i hate stouts : /, 
  thanks !, 
  i bet a good amount of posts on wholesomememes is cynicism on top of cynicism . 
  83 fucking people liked this shit . 
  let it dry and it 'll look like [ 3d resin painting ] ( https://www.demilked.com/magazine/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/optical-illusion-3d-fish-resin-painting-keng-lye-1.jpg ), 
  this shark looks like he stepped on a lego . 
  this is an instrument invented by the japanese band maywa denki , right ? 
  attending their concert was insanely memorable !, 
  the fellowkids part is you thinking it belongs here . 
  * assassin turtle , 
  soundclown \\ m /, 
  my cats named autumn , too !, 
  the misleading thumbnail is less gross than what the actual picture shows . 
  she is the worst . 
  / r/absolutelynotmeirl /, 
  look at him go, 
  can confirm - part of the atheist community here at home , barely anyone has children : /, 
  but foxxo is doggo , ergo pupper, 
  thanks soso much !, 
  my guy is from cork so i think we would 've picked that one out anyway, 
  wow , you 've laid this out very well . 
  will use it , thanks a bunch !, 
  i 'm really looking forward to it !, 
  i imagine the atmosphere 's gon na be great !, 
  haha all the better !, 
  see , i gathered as much . 
  and not just in sports , right ? 
  corky , i dare say : -7, 
  \u015forry , but these are n't * fire * ants :d, 
  nice candle positioning, 
  thank you so much for the reply !, 
  you are right , i should face this and point out how big a gamble this is for me . 
  the upside to the move is the fact that i enjoy and welcome the change , i should have done something similar for myself a while ago . 
  it 's just that it 's different when it 's for love . 
  that implies support and reassurance in the decision . 
  i do n't have a lot of support in general - i have a big social circle but no deep relation to a particular person or group in terms of friends and family . 
  i try and work it out with myself mostly . 
  i will say things to people but not in a serious manner that implies them having to console me or give advice . 
  i 'm glad to hear you made the right decision and that your wife was and is there for you . 
  best of luck !, 
  depends what the definition of lived is for someone - we 've shared the same space for a number of weeks , yes . 
  i know how he is around the house . 
  he 's already made up the apartment based on my input and is readying his life for my coming over . 
  he is more than eager to do such things . 
  in terms of finance , i will have a bulk saved up going over ( moving from croatia to ireland ) but he would undoubtedly take on matters of finance before my getting a job . 
  he wo n't need to but is prepared to do that for us . 
  we talk about time together , time alone , hobbies - he is great like that . 
  i feel he understands what moving in together entails . 
  it 's just this over-the-phone thing that he did n't sign up for . 
  you might be right about love not being enough . 
  i will talk to hi today . 
  good luck with moving over , great to hear about these steady strong relationships , 
  i 'm sure cynicism is n't a constructive way to reply to this . 
  yes , i decided on that . 
  i do love him immensely . 
  however foolish it is , i 'm not blind to the faults . 
  this is why i was asking for advice on how to go about this . 
  it would amount to over a month and a half in total ( being together physically ) . 
  it 's sounds insane , i know . 
  i will point out that it 's so much better when we 're together as opposed to the long-distance waiting period . 
  the only way to be together is for someone to move over , unfortunately we did n't have other options . 
  that 's the drawback of falling for someone from another country . 
  well , the way you framed is cynical . 
  no doubt about that . 
  you might be right with your underlying advice but it 's the bitterness that i do n't see a reason for . 
  no one said it was noble and good , i 'm just very in love with this man and have been for a year and a half now , it 's not a whim . 
  year and a half it 's been going on . 
  i 'm not disregarding anything , i am aware of potential problems . 
  you are right with ireland - might be a good place even still ( it is a nice place , what am i saying ?! ) . 
  i am coming from a way poorer country so getting set up there is hard for most people coming over .
