  til i 'm from a fourth-world country, 
  this painting introduced me to rimsky-korsakov, 
  or norman rockwell rather, 
  rescuers down under , 
  was there last month . 
  love it , kiwanda and oceanside were gorgeous !, 
  depends . 
  here in europe where in from - croatia , the bible-thumpers are posting identites of women seeking abortion on social media, 
  they sit in front of the clinics and `` calmly pray and mind their own business '', 
  funny how this used to be a place with more secular / liberal values ... 
  not everything moves forward , people !, 
  batstreet boys, 
  the witch from ridley scott 's the legend -, 
  along with the movie 's rendition of lucifer probably the best halloween costume ever !, 
  nothing super wtf but the fact that i as a foreigner shot a gun without a permit one day and had to use an all-gendered bathroom next to a very manly dude dressed as harley quinn the next one felt like full spectrum america . 
  like that was n't enough ... 
  this . 
  happened to me , only it was n't an organization , just a greedy lady . 
  needless to say , i give out less change since then . 
  that one guy failed to stand up on 7 pfft, 
  mauve beans are the best !, 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxwvkdswvls ), 
  more like tim minchin . 
  i like your owl looking kitty !, 
  i second that . 
  wait , i third that :d, 
  thanks you guys !, 
  lotta people here get what situation i 'm in . 
  drinking for you tonight , fellow redditors !, 
  haha - also , am a girl but i hope the wishes still stand , 
  i 'm in croatia but you make a good point - great beer , artisan breweries popping up all over the country !, 
  one should think engulfing more of the d with excess skin makes for greater sensation . 
  since this is an alcohol connoisseur sub , [ this ] ( http://static1.businessinsider.com/image/5278df0569beddb37741ccc2-1024-837/50jse3rh.jpg ) should come in handy, 
  edit : posted a really low res pic the first time, 
  that 's vanilla . 
  i know [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/n354f ) freaks people out a whole lot more . 
  especially making the heart sign ( but i ca n't take a pic then , can i ? ), 
  i could always do weird stuff with my fingers , the crooked first joint , hitchhiker 's thumb - this was the logical next step . 
  i think it has to do with long thumbs . 
  would trade this ability for an actual gift . 
  bear atsume ? 
  username checks out, 
  thanks for reminding me of this movie . 
  glad you had that moment , we need those so much . 
  to be fair , it 's a pic of a dick pick, 
  elliot from scrubs and maron from maron ( basically maron irl ) . 
  two needy screwed up people with a good heart . 
  whatever you do , be sure to call him `` memelord '' from now on . 
  hot damn !, 
  now tell me i 'm not a lesbian for getting wet over this guy . 
  that 's got ta be the most inappropriate use of a smiley face ever, 
  [ more like the owl from the secret of nimh ] ( http://img.movieboom.biz/movie/screen/27837/10.jpg ), 
  good lord , i actually do this . 
  almost another day over , still here !, 
  this is a running joke i have with a friend . 
  i tell myself every day , even if i do n't see one i imagine one . 
  if that 's a ridgeback they 're gon na have such a great time together - no better breed to take runs with a gepard . 
  fuck that place . 
  feel ten times better after reading this thread than seeking advice there . 
  only the wholesome meme made me cry and this one made me feel right at home . 
  this . 
  y' know , i bet you 're gon na start feeling better . 
  i 'm considering doing the same thing myself - i made a stupid second attempt at facebook after a five year break . 
  guess what ? 
  feeling shitty as ever . 
  good on you !, 
  your post hits so close to home . 
  i agree , i do n't see suicide as a loser 's endgame - all this `` things will get better '' stuff is n't a given . 
  if you 've felt like this and it has n't looked up for you in this long is not surprising you feel this way . 
  i 've been unhappy for all of my adult life with brief moments of happiness . 
  i 've achieved nothing , i 've little to show for . 
  but i 'll tell you this - many feel unwanted , alone , friendless , unloved , unworthy . 
  i dunno if it helps you any but there 's people out there that put themselves down same as you . 
  but i see potential - do you think we might regain the will to live if only you were given a little glimmer of hope ? 
  i want you to keep it up , i hope something comes up for you . 
  and the rest of us with similar troubles . 
  please take care , dear friend !, 
  my parents would probably end it themselves . 
  i would disappoint and hurt my ex who has tried so hard to be there for me in life . 
  i know how easy it is to botch it and do n't like the idea of hurting myself . 
  i 'm vain , too . 
  like - would i really wan na disfigure myself ? 
  that 's just stupid . 
  i wish i was n't here tho, 
  it just sounds like a lovely bunch . 
  do n't leave them , they need you . 
  how wonderful !, 
  what is your neko 's name ? 
  haha !, 
  ricky gervais ' kitty is called ollie ( spelt differently ), 
  i urge you to check out his live feeds , she 's a darling . 
  keep drawing !, 
  in similar - approaching thirty and worked my ass off with nothing to show for it and worst yet - no one to share the ups and downs of everyday life with . 
  maybe i 'm reading into things but see if you do n't set standards too high ( it 's great that you know what you want but maybe that 's not available right now and you can try tiwork it out with a less-than-perfect option , might be just a temporary thing ) . 
  try and see beauty in the imperfections - there 's bound to be nice girls that deserve a shot , there 's workplaces that are great but you do n't know about them yet - it 's not all about working in a top notch firm or any of that prestige stuff ... 
  the rejections are just bad luck and bad timing - i 've lost everything in the span of six months . 
  one after another . 
  it could 've just as easily been played out a different way but it 's nothing more than a freak chance . 
  you sounds more angry about your current situation than as if you 've given up . 
  that 's good .
