looks great !, 
  thank you !, 
  thanks a bunch !, 
  my favorite episode !, 
  i do the meeseks introduces himself to meeseks routine with my boyfriend all the time, 
  haha good comeback . 
  i 'm not surprised they took you up on it , they have a very defiant political stance and have no problem having their identities revealed . 
  and so should n't we , i guess : s, 
  i was n't disrespectful . 
  i just told them they ought to be ashamed of themselves for being invasive on women 's reproductive rights . 
  it 's this new right-wing religious thing that 's been a relatively new agenda here at home . 
  it 's a shame my grandmother lived in more progressive times ( as far women 's rights go ) . 
  if you ask me , they 're rude for striking other people 's rights down . 
  i disagree with how they feel , and if they can yell in the streets and try to provoke a reaction it 's only normal for them to hear someone other than themselves . 
  `` fight fire with fire '' , perhaps ? 
  what a beaut !, 
  omg totally !, 
  israeli government never ceases to shock me . 
  huh , i 've always wondered why most native english speakers sing with an `` american '' accent , interesting theory . 
  but the article is wrong about non-native speakers - most butcher it , singing or otherwise . 
  seriously ? 
  was this your personal experience ? 
  if the grooves and cleaned properly i suppose ? 
  same thing as with tooth fillings - the caries grows inside the tooth and you ca n't reach it because it 's sealed shut . 
  i guess communicating with someone who 's a native speaker would help you best . 
  i see a bunch of people recommended livemocha and the likes . 
  my tip for when you get into it a bit - listen to the language . 
  stream radio channels and try watching movies ( with subs , even better ) . 
  also try and reach out to a local croatian community , some people are bound to know the language and are willing to help you out . 
  good luck ( sretno ) !, 
  cica 's not a caffe/bar anymore , it 's an art gallery . 
  why are n't they recommended ? 
  what 's different in adult teeth in comparison to children 's ? 
  i 'm 26 . 
  my dentist says my fissures are so tricky you ca n't always be sure if i have caries or not . 
  i have good oral hygiene so i guess i 'm not a high risk in that sense but maybe the shape of my teeth make it so ? 
  what happens after the 3-10 years ? 
  do the sealants break off ? 
  if so , do they uncover the region of the tooth previously treated with acid ? 
  that would mean i would n't have protective enamel on that region of the tooth and therefore will make it more vulnerable to caries , no ? 
  would decay get in the region between the old sealants and the tooth ? 
  i 've laid down so many questions for you , sorry about that , 
  afraid so, 
  you can always go to funk club a couple of doors down , i remember them serving a bunch of different rakijas there . 
  what about the odds of this 10 year old making it ? 
  why do you cherish the potential of life more than life ( in this case the little girl ) ? 
  i 'm trying to see how far people go with their ideology . 
  also , do n't say `` us '' like you 're all one . 
  or you really think there 's two kinds of people - ones that would rather people risk lives for your idea and the rest of `` us '' that love killing babies ? 
  i have a line drawn somewhere between here and there and it 's definitely not the same place you put it . 
  well let 's just disagree to agree . 
  i wish you utmost bafflement in your quest in taking away women 's liberties . 
  say hello to the middle ages for me , would ya ? 
  cute post , 
  usput , `` we are not fucking rude '' je malo oksimoron lol, 
  talk about when life begins aside , by `` potential life '' i mean provided everything goes or does n't go okay during birth . 
  so , on the one hand you have a living person that would in all likelihood have her health impaired versus not . 
  to say nothing of what comes after the forced birth . 
  who is supposed to take care the kid ? 
  surely you do n't mean the girl , or her abusive stepfather maybe ? 
  or the girl 's mother that might face charges as an accomplice to the crime ? 
  adoption ? 
  the point of this article or any other similar one is that mortality rates shoot up in these instances and the experts you speak of are greatly influenced by religious dogma . 
  you think obstetricians always speak their mind and perform accordingly ? 
  remind yourself of this little gaffe :, 
  a question i love to ask people with your point of view - say you got raped and abused by your stepfather , would you like someone to make this decision for you at the age of ten ? 
  let 's make it easier for you - say you were raped and conceived , with whomever , at any point in time . 
  would you really want someone to tell you what to do about it ? 
  see the difference between pro choice and pro life people is we do n't go around refusing people to keep their pregnancies , but somehow pro lifers see fit to tell other people what you think is right for all of us . 
  this is what i 've stumbled upon so far :, 
  also , compleat klezmer mentioned earlier and several other ones i acquired in print ( de haske publications ) . 
  `` hell no . '', 
  well , at least it seems we 're about to wrap up the argument over whether someone should limit our liberties . 
  also , there 's nothing ballsy about admitting that you see this subject as black and white . 
  it 's silly . 
  hopefully you 're consistent about cherishing life when it comes to capital punishment . 
  well , i ca n't agree with the sickle cell anemia case , if the woman wanted to go through with the pregnancy let her , but i 'm not sure if mentally ill people should have offspring . 
  highly debatable . 
  how mentally challenged must you be to advise against procreating do you think ? 
  again , the definition of a functional and mentally capable individual is n't 100 % . 
  so i see your point . 
  the article you put up says the 13 year old was intellectually on the level of a 6 year old . 
  huh . 
  yep , you 've convinced me . 
  we do tell people what they should and should n't do . 
  good , that 's great !, 
  happy to hear it . 
  `` the girl 's body decided it was ready to bear a child by ovulating , that 's how she got pregnant . '', 
  when people get cancer it 's the body 's way of saying it 's ready to die , yes ? 
  must all ovulation end in pregnancies ? 
  wait , ending a pregnancy is worse than raping a 10 year old kid , am i getting this right ? 
  just do n't be overly `` healthy '' , if you catch my drift . 
  women like sex too , you know . 
  women are n't `` used up and thrown away '' when they get unwanted pregnancies . 
  getting pregnant without wanting to is stupid from both parties . 
  also , you use the term sexual liberalization like it 's a bad thing which is ... jarring, 
  you can make a decision to remove cancer . 
  you can make an ovulation not end in pregnancy . 
  i made that parallel because it sounded like because the girl entered puberty she might as well become a mother . 
  sounded like being ready biologically and being ready overall is pretty much the same thing .
