  do n't forget the cats . 
  oh , i get it - the real op-op . 
  yeah , he 's on a crusade all right ... 
  if that is true , how come there are any cases reported in europe ? 
  we 're far from mosquito season ... 
  yes , sort of an analogy . 
  because there is a wage gap in a strictly mathematical sense . 
  just like yes , men are on average heavier and taller than women . 
  you are right about american incarceration policy , way too much goes into it and other problems ca n't be addressed because of it . 
  the two main political parties are getting too radical , you do n't have a center anymore . 
  radicalism , christian values and right-wing are on the rise when people are unsatisfied . 
  i believe this economic gutter in europe caused a shift to the right in most countries ( migrants are n't helping either ) . 
  croatia , where i 'm from , is experincing a new wave of religious reform and we 're still all broke and helpless . 
  i hope the us makes some good calls in the near future because is so sad to see a big nation go backwards like that . 
  mostly on issues that you just pointed out . 
  gloria steinem was on bill maher yesterday night , maybe you wan na check it out . 
  talks about the stuff we just discussed . 
  i do n't agree with her flirting with islam-apologists ( it 's such a fad right now ) but there 's always maher to shut it down , 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about maher 's comments on leaving the middle east alone . 
  the alternative is to dabble in their politics whenever the us feels like and it never went over well . 
  seems like dictatorships are put up there for good reason - whatever came after that is a million times worse . 
  you ca n't make people have a revolution , stand up for beliefs that you and i hold . 
  it 's a long process that should come in when these peoples ' anger reaches a critical mess . 
  if you 've ever tried to change someone 's worldview you would know that . 
  especially when dealing with a culture so different from today 's west ; it only adds more fuel to the fire . 
  maher might sound cruel but maybe he 's right . 
  we can deal with problems at home , we 're already proving a good example for less modernized civilizations - they should be able to embrace it if they want to or opposite it . 
  as for family pillars and how important women are , do n't underestimate the power of the non-educated , brainwashed-by-dogma matriarchs that ultimately raise men , perform genital mutilation on their daughters and cast acid on daughter-in-laws . 
  and again i go back to feminist forums for getting angry at seeing correlation between misogyny , religion and politics - pathetic . 
  yeah , croatia 's nice in terms of natural beauty and historical remnants , now if we could only boost our economy ... stardust , you 're always welcome here !, 
  i see you 're either portugese or brazilian , i 've never been to either countries but would love to one day . 
  i 'd name him muttley . 
  good tip , only it 's a drag on mobile . 
  to put it simply ; there are many of us . 
  most of us are muslim . 
  wearing pants is trendy and someone might take you for a slut infidel . 
  if you wan na be trendy do n't come crying back for getting raped . 
  whereas hijab will become an invisibility cloak for you , people will respect you/totally not rape you . 
  you were raped of your wallet !, 
  such trauma !, 
  of course there 's rape supporting mentality . 
  it 's whenever someone says `` boys will be boys '' or `` she was all over my boy , what was he supposed to do '' . 
  c'mon , these people exist all over the place . 
  frats are really a good example , hopefully these past couple of years they 've started to come to their senses because of huge media exposure . 
  i would love to believe only rapists think rape is justafiable ; the truth is someone else brought up these people . 
  what , take dicks into their hands ? 
  that 's almost as bad as wind blowing away your scarf !, 
  i 'd much rather be called a lustful headless idiot than getting caned cause of one . 
  ` ere you go, 
  hey !, 
  if they wan na be oppressed , who are you to say anything ? 
  mardi gras was last night , got shitfaced . 
  the pros of being unemployed woohoo, 
  unfortunately , attenborough gets dubbed over by oprah . 
  savage, 
  aspiring innovation . 
  persistent perfection . 
  hate the catch phrase but can work for this guy , 
  still looks bleak . 
  i went swimming a couple of years ago and found myself next to an irish wolf hound in deep water . 
  he was friendly but i 'm telling you it was a scary first couple of seconds !, 
  here 's a similar take on stone benches , it symbolises waves . 
  split , croatia, 
  first thought was `` awww cute '' then `` whoa , you ugly '' real fast . 
  plot twist - grandpa 's not dead . 
  i thought they meant to use hyaluronic acid . 
  typical aries . 
  i 'm hearing uptown funk while watching this gif . 
  this cat is the worst !, 
  ruined couch in 3 , 2 ... 
  / r/cringeanarchy is the sub for you !, 
  i 'm thinking the owners are probably cringe-worthy mlp lovers . 
  they probaby ride their dogs - and that 's the least of it !, 
  could n't figure out if her tattoo read `` royalty '' or `` loyalty '' , now i ca n't decide which would be more out of place . 
  haha works both ways , does n't it ? 
  as long as measures in width are 220 cm for the car and 150 for maneuvering a wheelchair , this parking space is okay . 
  sry guys, 
  / r/mildlyinfuriating is the sub for you !, 
  african american vernacular english uses double negative as positive . 
  but yes , came here to say what you did - standard english does n't . 
  reminds me of this :, 
  username checks out, 
  the picture immediately reminded my of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caa7o25hg_a ) song, 
  thank you , fellow neko admirer !, 
  came here for this, 
  [ he/she is trying to save you !, 
  the man reminds me of richard e grant, 
  these guys are mesmerizing . 
  i 've no idea how many times i 've watched the loop over and over again . 
  edit : yep , know your username , seen it a bunch of times , 
  vagina dentata ? 
  i was going for a darker take on mermaids - the pale/silver cause of lack of exposure to light and spots to resemble the type of skin dogfish have . 
  / r/feminism and / r/feminisms are hostile towards any form of discussion and drawing parallels with similar topics . 
  for example , i was advised not to bring up the subject of religion when debating women 's rights in terms of abortion . 
  i was also banned from one of the two for pointing out that an `` article '' someone posted was an onion piece !, 
  they went ballistic over the alleged news story and were even more enraged by the idea that it was made up . 
  edit - grammar, 
  happy b , boss !, 
  dunno ... it 'd be a pretty good photoshop job if it did n't, 
  here 's where you can get it :,
