  there 's more to come . 
  open your heart and mind ( but that 's just how i 'm reading it , hope my assessment did n't offend ) . 
  good on you !, 
  for me it went more like [ this ] ( https://imgflip.com/i/1gay1b ), 
  i 'm happy she went with simple , natural looking nails - tips would 've been too much for this look !, 
  downward dog   upward dog, 
  pretzel looking chains - i 'd chew through them in seconds !, 
  riz ahmed ? 
  [ japanese joinery ] ( http://www.spoon-tamago.com/2016/10/04/animated-gifs-illustrating-the-art-of-japanese-wood-joinery/ ), 
  me too , thanks, 
  went for a virtual walk to the waterfall with your link and saw [ these cuties ] ( https://imgur.com/gallery/d19mh ) . 
  i was all for the piece until i saw the peeking sun smiling, 
  / r/glitch _ art, 
  tha last map is wrong , the layering is n't done right . 
  interesting maps tho, 
  omg the colors on your cat !, 
  coat and beans both !, 
  seeing as you 've listed a couple of things i can tell you guys are into scenic destinations - you 're gon na have a great time in all of these places , most of which i 'd recommend a couple of days stay tops ( split might need an extra day or two ) . 
  if you 're working your way up the coast there 's another national park with waterfalls as well as ancient ruins , monasteries and caves - krka national park . 
  seems closer to everything else you 've written down . 
  i see everyone else is mentioning zagreb - it 's turning into an amazing place to stay . 
  istria is a beautiful place , too . 
  great food , lots of little towns further inland and cities on the coast ( pula , rovinj , opatija ) - a different kind of meditteranean . 
  just a thought . 
  i personally loved oceanside because it 's not the most touristy destination but has awesome views . 
  also kiwanda beach - has a crazy sand dune you can climb and pretend ski on . 
  cannon beach did n't sit well with me , it 's all people ever mention when talking about the oregon coast . 
  astoria has a rich history and there 's places you can rent overlooking it as well as seeing washinton state from afar . 
  newport ( the harbor ) was picturesque , too . 
  my favorite thing about the town are the loud sealions on the docks . 
  they might get on the locals ' nerves but i loved them !, 
  i recommend the landing at newport for accomodation . 
  edit - spelling, 
  are you studying or working somewhere permanently ? 
  us customs always look for some proof you 'll be going home at some point . 
  a list of places to stay is also a good thing to have - any letter from a us citizen on your behalf , too ( not necessarily a family member ) . 
  stuff like - this guy/girl is my friend and we 'll be seeing each other , he/she is the reason they 're coming over , among other things . 
  google everything a person requiring a visa needs to do in order to get one - it 's a good check list for stuff that 's gon na make your entry easier . 
  source - needed a visa and got one countless times - last time a ten year one !, 
  good luck !, 
  edit - spelling, 
  point out your favorite place . 
  or region so it 's sounds broader . 
  the people asking the questions are usually snobbier than anything you can come up with . 
  you can never virtue-signal enough it seems ... 
  your travel logic is on point - i would go the same route if i were you . 
  i can speak for bosnia , croatia and montenegro - you 'll need knowledge of the cyrilic alphabet only in [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/50/republika_srpska_simple.svg/256px-republika_srpska_simple.svg.png ) part od bosnia . 
  montenegro is all over the place with both alphabets , they use them interchangeably ( herceg novi is completely in cyrillic though ) . 
  young people know english well and you 'll have absolutely no trouble in croatia . 
  english is n't mandatory in bosnian or montenegrin schools so some might not communicate well with you but you 'll work it out . 
  older people - it 's a hit and miss in all balkan countries . 
  happy travels !, 
  kudos on the project !, 
  just one question - did you spend a lot of time in the unit because the thing that strikes me most about living in the place ( apart from the obvious tight space ) is lack of sunlight ? 
  i 'm hoping you basically used the place to sleep and spent the biggest chunk of the day outside ... 
  i go for the half and half trick . 
  it 's never two halves of a single scoop but two full ones !, 
  does tasting in food courts till you 're full count ? 
  i do the opposite and guess what - it gets the opposite effect . 
  i try to be the hero even when i know i should stay home and more times then not i end up having to leave a couple of hours after punching in . 
  people assume i 'm lazy that day and that i 'm faking feeling sick . 
  serves me right , trying to be a good worker and all, 
  my mom used to ask clerks in the department stores to take out the alarm thingy cause she ca n't put a wanted item of clothing on . 
  she ends up wearing the said item and simply walks out of the store . 
  kleptomania is a thing . 
  first / r/popping . 
  now / r/peeling . 
  any other weirdly satisfying subs to look into ? 
  this is brilliant . 
  what a great way to work out the frustration !, 
  the beatings part , too ? 
  and the fact that the little girl is being punished rather than the mother is ultimately the fault of ... ? 
  see , the title of this article would 've been something completely different if it was n't for where it happened . 
  you just need to connect the dots . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://youtu.be/_a8xpqbfkxk ), 
  samo se zapitajmo - what has austria-hungary ever done for us ? 
  hvala - puno mi ljudi to veli , moram se primorat ic u rutinu . 
  imam jo\u0161 mjesec dana , ve\u0107 su mi skinuli lovu - time to give it another shot !, 
  pet rock . 
  must be scientific - says so in the title, 
  malcolm tucker . 
  the way he says it embodies every nuance of the word . 
  not really contributing to the thread but username checks out , my friend . 
  you are keeping healthy by working out and have a steady job from what i can tell . 
  kudos to you on that !!, 
  i keep munching down , too depressed to keep my yoga routine and jump from job to job every half a year or so . 
  just wanted to tell you the little things you 've surrounded yourself with are great !, 
  i 'm a girl your age and am trying and failing all the time . 
  i socialize but manage to feel lonely all the same . 
  finding a mate is what i 'm after , having beers with friends does n't cut it for me . 
  i can imagine how you feel about this girl . 
  i 'm really sorry . 
  just please do n't give up !, 
  it 's curious how there 's a bunch of us walking around like that only we ca n't tell each other apart from the merrier people . 
  reach out . 
  talk first . 
  go out there . 
  if it does n't work out at least you tried . 
  have a good monday tomorrow , my friend . 
  i hear you .
