  [ this thing ] ( https://38.media.tumblr.com/285f5b97faefa0bddf5e98e42f8ab541/tumblr_mpjopfqzve1r0ik5uo2_500.gif ) creeped out the living hell outta me back when it came out ( ridley scott 's the legend ) . 
  hentai/paedo comments ? 
  anyone ? 
  i did n't even check the sub , come to think of it , makes a lot of sense . 
  thanks for pointing it out !, 
  hi , your feelings sound familiar . 
  i 've been pressured to do things my folks wanted for me . 
  school was one of them . 
  honestly , there might have been a point in the western world when having a degree changed the course of your life for the better . 
  today , even though politicos go on and on about higher education - trust me , it does n't matter . 
  i 'm sure there 's something you love/used to love or are good at doing . 
  follow your heart . 
  so many people drop out of school , i personally think it 's great you made a decision so quickly , how honest with yourself you really are . 
  there is no shame in feeling inadequate for the field of study you enrolled in . 
  i understand you 're afraid of your parents reaction . 
  i can only hope that when the time comes they 'll show themselves as understanding people and put your sanity and well-being first . 
  i hope that you tell them the truth because that way you 'll truly know what they 're really like . 
  you will feel better for being honest with yourself and with them . 
  lastly - school sucks so bad . 
  i hate what it stands for - it is no measure of a person . 
  there are so many useful things you can do without that shitty piece of paper and yet everyone thinks it 's going to open all of life 's doors for them . 
  it wo n't . 
  take my word for it . 
  i did everything by the book and am mistreated in the workplace anyway . 
  pm me if you feel like you wan na talk . 
  hope i did n't just ramble stupid stuff on here , i feel your pain . 
  reach out . 
  talk . 
  open up . 
  good luck , there 's good stuff ahead . 
  i have this guy 's map of manhattan from the early 90 's . 
  my favorite wall hanging - i think it 's the first thing i 'd take from the house if it set on fire !, 
  it seems [ eb ] ( http://www.wearysloth.com/gallery/actorss/tve15302-1626-20060611-0.jpg ) grew a backbone, 
  so sad ... here 's my favorite piece , one i hopelessly tried to imitate on the piano a few years back . 
  beanporn right here !, 
  al ne smijes to rec . 
  ovaj political correctness ce nas dokrajcit . 
  cheers ljudi , vidimo se, 
  / r/mildlyvagina , / r/confusedboners , / r/spacedicks, 
  sadly , it keeps replaying in my head ever since the attack happened : /, 
  super ideja , jos da su i neke knjige ... 
  nope . 
  this is on piont ladies !, 
  i was cleaning out my late grandmother 's apartment and found a photo in one of her karl may books - it was her and her best friend ( f ) sharing an enamored kiss . 
  i do n't think anyone ever knew while she was alive and i certainly never suspected anything . 
  well , it 's a shame they had to keep it secret but on the other hand i 'm glad they at least had each other . 
  gorgeous !, 
  reminds me of these i found in a restaurant in tivat , montenegro :, 
  it 's the onion tho, 
  do n't forget downton abbey put their dog isis down , too . 
  never bothered to check cause it seemed like a no-brainer . 
  depends on what other shows you like . 
  the costumography is fantastic . 
  the idea is good . 
  tends to get too soap opera-ish at times but if you need to kill some time it wo n't disappoint . 
  i walked out of dogville - needless to say i saw it a couple of years later and loved it !, 
  guess i was waaay too young to get it when it was showing in theaters . 
  this depiction is inaccurate in respect to the number of women born to radical muslim couples - female infanticide was n't taken into account, 
  and on st nick 's , too !, 
  what presents !, 
  what 's the model of my camera you ask ? 
  the all new potato 250-mp, 
  looks like this particular package was a limited time thing but there are similar deals out there - bring that chow to your back yard/neighborhood alley and i promise nekos will come in swarms !, 
  now if only they would do a yoga cat-cow pose , so meta, 
  well , people who criticize islam might be skeptical about saying something publicly in fear of something happening to them , not just because they do n't want to be tagged racist . 
  to simplify - i do n't care what people say to me , i 'm wondering if you guys in the sub feel like there 's an actual threat for someones safety in doing so . 
  even though trashing isis is fine in the west , who 's to guarantee someone wo n't target you for doing it ( crazies in vests and the like ) ? 
  thanks for your reply and i 'm sorry people 's reactions are discouraging you from saying what you think , maybe people will get past that religion = race line of thinking at some point . 
  edit : added the last sentence, 
  just to make clear in case my post confuses people - i am very aware islam and isis are not the same thing . 
  i screwed up recently for not asking . 
  soon as i saw her i thought she was by did n't want to risk it . 
  it 's a lose-lose either way, 
  it seemed like i did n't care if she was pregnant , the couple is very happy about it and i guess everyone else at the party quickly pointed it out whereas i decided to wait in case someone said it first . 
  the girl gave me a look like `` you have n't seen me in ages , are n't you gon na say something ? '', 
  john zorn would love their stuff, 
  i personally love zebra calls . 
  you 'd never think it comes from an equine !, 
  it 's in this famous highway restaurant in croatia - macola . 
  here 's a couple more photos :, 
  they sure like their cards !, 
  potter 's work is creepy , too . 
  but what makes me cringe over these ones is how people touched them too much and parts are missing , it 's pretty gore . 
  / r/catsnamedtoothless is the sub for you !, 
  modern day breughel i say, 
  my first dog was also named maverick !, 
  this makes me so happy , good luck with your pup !, 
  i had one like this a while back . 
  did it come with a surprise gummi worm in it ? 
  wow , your daughter is claude monet ? 
  you should get involved with renoir sucks at painting , might be your kinda crowd , 
  ms fortune from neko atsume !, 
  haha guilty as charged !, 
  [ here 's my bath companion !, 
  this should have been / u/canttrusthillary 's post, 
  to kuzim , al recimo kad nema bake u prici , mladi ljudi i to - podsjeca ih na stari dom ili ? 
  the trashiest part of the post is the fact someone added `` daddy '' and `` bae '' afterward . 
  the original message 's not all that bad, 
  haha yeah , i 'm kneading my sleeping so right now , too , 
  my dalmatian used to rip off all the bark from trees in our front yard while looking at passers-by straight in the eyes .
