  once you get a job it 's a different story ... i 'm just saying , if things fall apart in the first while it might be a tough one . 
  moving in with someone else is a little foolish to me ' i am going over there cause i want to be with him , not `` ate '' him and see him now and again . 
  i look forward to sharing everything together ' even the housework !, 
  and so does he , that much i can testify to . 
  i respect some of the things you write and i am reading you clearly but i feel like you have this `` strong , independent woman '' agenda . 
  and that 's fine . 
  we should n't be made fools and should be aware if taken for a ride . 
  this is n't the case . 
  there were steps made on his behalf proving to me he is extremely serious about this . 
  i have met his family , his friends that know how he feels about me . 
  we both decided on me moving over as opposed to the contrary because of the language barrier the former would impose . 
  that and financial reasons - we 're way better off living there . 
  rest assured , i 'm a person that always overthinks my actions ' i 'm the first one to see if someone 's not that much into me and wants to play me . 
  this is definitely not the case , the love is mutual . 
  he is a flaky peron overall , always has been , it 's his trait as a person and not his behaviour towards me in particular . 
  that being said , i 'm not claiming it 's okay or that i 'm happy about it . 
  this is why i posted here . 
  it 's not settling , it 's trying to find a balance . 
  i have faults of my own . 
  unfortunately it has to do with the other end of the spectrum - i 'm eager to reach out , might loom over people even . 
  what about the butter-passing robots ? 
  concerning agenda - it 's great to have that life philosophy but i dislike the lingo . 
  this mindset should be a given but without beyonce lyrics, 
  i 'm saying - i get to be the one who engages first . 
  we talk every day . 
  most days for hours . 
  it 's just that i 'm very eager to get onto him and he wo n't die if i do n't text him in the morning or let him know what the movie was like . 
  we are definitely engaging each other and know the day to day stuff , know colleagues ' names and if they pissed us off on a bad day . 
  he would n't happily go weeks without me , that is nothing like how he is !, 
  i do seem to be the first one to strike up a conversation though . 
  i needed to clear this up so i might 've written the same thing over and over again . 
  i believe i 've cleared some things up in the last post . 
  not contacting someone for weeks vs talking every day paints a different picture , no ? 
  but ya , okay . 
  you 've said . 
  thanks . 
  he does n't forget about me , just is more laid back with the phone . 
  i would happily schedule things whereas he has whims . 
  he can be overwhelming on some days , then he 'll take a while off and i 'll engage . 
  only i 'm restless about such things . 
  thank you for everything , i will try my best to not make myself a burden and do my part in a ( hopefully ) happy and fruitful relationship . 
  i wo n't contradict you on that one . 
  this might be the case . 
  or we 're different when it comes to ways of showing affection . 
  but you might be right . 
  not always , most times . 
  boils down to the same thing , i know ... 
  please tone down , reading your post feels so incredibly judgmental and pissy . 
  i 'm just a woman on the internet , no even i am this upset over my situation . 
  crazy over people is n't good . 
  he does ove me . 
  two people never love each other equally nor can you really measure who loves who more . 
  you lost the strong independent woman tone with what some of these strong independent women would tag as a sexist remark . 
  not all women want children . 
  and saying my clock is running . 
  jesus that 's some backwards stuff . 
  to answer your questions though - yes , i want a family and plan on having children . 
  so does he . 
  with me . 
  never brought it up , he brings it up . 
  if it fails i 'll either go back home or will have a good job there and will like it so much i 'll stay . 
  what else is there ? 
  aw , thank you so much for that compliment !, 
  means a lot that a native speaker would say that ( i mean , i guess i am bilingual and most people think i 'm american but it 's always nice to hear ) . 
  i do understand that his flakiness is a red flag - i wonder how we 'll find a balance with my generally more serious worldview and his bounciness . 
  typically i think it 's a good thing and we complement each other for the most part - it 's just the dynamic in terms of showing affection that i 'll look out for . 
  i 'm very particular and need to feel loved and reassured ( a bit too much , i know this about myself ) . 
  i 'm very certain he is serious about the relationship . 
  i might be making a huge move and proving my love for him in that sense , but he seems more confident than i am that this is it . 
  he 's never bullshited me before . 
  there was a time when he simply liked me but not enough to make it a commitment - he could 've played along for a while and ditched me when he grew tired . 
  ireland is surely better economically but is a gamble in the first while - i am set up okay here where i am and most would n't move if they were in my position . 
  i do love him so much and will take take chance . 
  i 'd 've moved anywhere to be with him , i think ( one never knows for sure ) . 
  and thank you for reassuring me - i 'm kind of thinking along the `` what have i got to lose '' lines . 
  even if everything fails , i lose some money and get my heart broken - i have taken a chance on something i 'd never ever turn down . 
  my point was simply how to approach this problem of communication over the phone ( you seem to be very similar to him that way ) . 
  it is based in deeply rooted traits but only really comes up when we are n't together . 
  i 'm not hiding - we 've discussed my wants before , he 's just not getting there yet . 
  i 'm worried i 'll snap before we get used to how we 're different about this thing, 
  thank you for the reply !, 
  you are spot on . 
  this might be it . 
  i 'll try to find a solution for myself and my life , whatever that means - it 's overwhelming right now . 
  always happy to hear one has found a good partner - i feel it 's one of the most important things to seek out in life . 
  best of luck to you !, 
  ... my country 's general population seems to be very apathetic to all matters political . 
  except for religious zealots , of course . 
  i was the only passer-by who vocalized her opinion . 
  i guess i 'm very happy with myself about it , had to share it with you guys , 
  i 'm mostly seeing positive reviews on it , are there any known drawbacks ? 
  my dentist explained it involves a bit of conditioning with acid that may permeate inside the tooth if not cleaned thoroughly . 
  also , do all sealant types come in shades ? 
  some seem to differ greatly from the natural tooth color . 
  thank you !, 
  i simply can not see how a radical female pro life activist is n't devoid of self-hatred . 
  can those same people ever identify as feminists ? 
  i feel like one excludes the other . 
  hi , klezmer lovers !, 
  i 'm self taught on the clarinet ( i 've been at it for almost two years now , not sure if it shows though :p ) .
