that 's the point ... the british standoff in northern ireland was peanuts compared to the shit going on the middle east that the united states has to deal with . 
  plus , you guys should have just given ireland sovereignty over their island anyways . 
  how did you surmise that ? 
  obviously the ira were the citizens of the cities they lived in . 
  i never said otherwise . 
  it was the british that occupied their cities that they were fighting against . 
  i grew up hearing about the ira fighting against the britiish army occupying irish cities . 
  even heard stories of kneecappings if somebody turned in the ira . 
  it 's all relevant . 
  i did n't mean to cause that ... 
  i 'm just saying that some irish dude should n't be pretending to fall on his sword for troops that are n't there while my countrymen are . 
  i got down-voted to shit for questioning him . 
  it seems more like an anti-american bias to me . 
  what is ireland doing to fight isis right now ? 
  did n't expect the backlash from / r/europe over the isis conflict . 
  so how many irish troops are deployed ? 
  or aircraft carriers devoted to attack them ? 
  how many air-strikes and/or troop stikes have the irish made for the cause ? 
  thought so . 
  you guys are barely involved . 
  honestly i just wish ireland would take a stance one way or the other . 
  playing the bumbling middleman gets old after a while , and makes your leadership look weak . 
  the war in israel is contained ... the israelis have that under control . 
  isis in syria and iraq are a much bigger threat . 
  sorry i chose that flair . 
  i 'm an american who is of norwegian descent from minnesota , usa . 
  changing flair now . 
  ireland has never truly been through war in the modern age . 
  so do n't tell me of the nation 's hardships . 
  ireland has helped tremendously in current fights with the united states , but i understand that it is n't your guy 's war . 
  why does ireland even have a stance on the isreaeli-hamas/palestine/isis conflict anyway ? 
  sorry but there is much more trouble further east ... specifically the middle east . 
  i did n't mean to be a dick about it since isis has cut the heads off your country-men as well as ours . 
  so winston churchill murdered fdr ? 
  mexican drug cartels take advantage of the fact the us will protect them . 
  the u.s.a. has to protect their borders . 
  problem is , that helps the mexican drug cartels, 
  welcome to every night at at the united states border , except we have much more everyday, 
  how do you fit 71 people in 1 truck ? 
  yeah but ` murica was [ incoming ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/c1l8yq5zez0cg/giphy.gif ) freeeeedoooooom !, 
  august 17th of this year is supposed to be judgement day . 
  [ if it 's big , it 's big . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kh29_serh0y ), 
  i was in norway and arguing with a local that whistler/blackcomb was the best skiing area on earth vs anything in norway . 
  i did n't get anywhere with him in the conversation . 
  it is ridiculous that putin is doing what he 's doing . 
  everybody needs to be more heavy-handed with him , he 's doing hitler type stuff right now , annexing countries into russia . 
  putin thinks he 's invincible ... 
  he is n't and needs to know that . 
  he thinks he 's tougher than obama and can push him around . 
  he does n't realize that his duma is bs and our congress/senate actually has power . 
  putin thinks russia has power , but they are pretty weak economically . 
  i live near the [ koch refinery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pine_bend_refinery ) in the twin cities . 
  i know a few people that work there that are security and they are armed to the teeth . 
  they literally have people with short and long ranged rifles stationed in guard towers . 
  everytime i play as agent 47 i get recognized by the wait staff . 
  even though i 'm dressed like them after knocking out one of their counterparts . 
  david cross said it best : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=em202bvlf78, 
  what happens with 2017 ? 
  as if it matters ... 
  if you did n't see the documentary of isis last night on pbs : http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/film/confronting-isis/, 
  what ? 
  that was a fire extinguisher . 
  no , the joke is that the polish are stupid ... 
  as an american , we have jokes about the polish . 
  one is that they have a screen-door on their submarine . 
  why is that ? 
  i never understood the polish i 've met as dumb . 
  too bad that all sides deny it , and we have to deal with the kardashians ... 
  who is `` we '' ... you appear to be new user here . 
  dude you 're just being naive ... you honestly think having 56 different denmark 's united would n't cause trouble ? 
  or there would n't be distension ? 
  let me put it this way . 
  denmark has around 5 million people , the united states has around 320 million people . 
  so let 's say you are the event coordinator , and want to make everything perfect for your guests . 
  the first party you have has 5 people . 
  the second party has 320 people . 
  you honestly think you could easily implement the same policy for a nation that has 64 times more citizens ? 
  it 's nothing like the eu ... the european union has separate nations that do n't want to work together , and they are not united . 
  usa 's best friend , after france our besties , the uk , wants out of your union . 
  the united states of america is 1 country . 
  it may be hard for you to understand ... 
  i 'm sure the chinese and russians would probably understand the idea easier ... forget about the states we have , it 's 1 nation . 
  i 'm from minnesota and we happen to have the largest somali and hmong populations in the usa . 
  just as an example , the 4 actors who portrayed the somali pirates in the movie captain phillips , all were cast while living in minnesota, 
  you realize denmark has a population of only 5.6 million people right ? 
  it 's pretty easy to have good social programs in a country with the population of 1 of the 50 united states . 
  not even 1 of our 50 states . 
  texas has 27 million people , that 's one of our 50 states . 
  there are 320 million citizens in our united states . 
  there really is no comparison here . 
  funny , i live in minnesota , the most nordic state , and am of norwegian ancestry too . 
  i was just making a delaware joke, 
  what 's the difference between denmark and delaware ? 
  as a minnesota wild fan , i would name it mt. 
  if i was the first to reach the top . 
  mikko and saku are 2 of my favorites . 
  granted saku was a hab . 
  is n't that where it happened ? 
  why are you rocking a swiss flag ?
