yeah this never works . 
  the only really staunch anti immigration people are the working class so it has to be as bit populist / socialist , you can not base on the well to do people who enjoy lower classes , because well to do people are almost all busy signalling `` tolerance '' and suchlike . 
  a good example how it does not work is an fp\u00d6 spinoff party bz\u00d6 in austria , they tried being the bourgeoius nationalists , the tax-cut nativists , and no luck at all . 
  too posh and elitist for the working class voters , too `` omg raycist '' for the upper class voters . 
  as the picture illustrates , people who like to get naked the most are people whom you want to see naked the least . 
  ewww . 
  so better if they do it in their own space . 
  biological is more accurate than sociological : for men it is testosterone , for minorities it is testosterone and iq and impulse control coming from both . 
  as far as i can tell , wage/price ratio is worse in london because you compete with immense amount of immigrants and even a tiny studio flat is like 800 a month . 
  now compare it to a business like permadoor.co.uk upton-upon-severn worcestershire . 
  surely , boring place if you are not intp bird watching , but the housing is cheap . 
  so if the government had enough voters to change the constitution , then it would be then ok ? 
  seriously , beer sold in even in the souvenir shops in prague . 
  yes , denmark is generally the most sensible of the nordics in these things . 
  i must say i generally not like scandinavian culture much precisely because it feels too stiffly bureaucratic and regulated , but generally like going to denmark far more than the others . 
  ( aside from that stupid shit of high car taxes because muh environment resulting people having old cars which are worse on the environment than new ones . ), 
  due to this sunday closing bullshit , one of the most promising developments in austria is that one grocery chain , i think spar is working to convert more and more gas stations to well stocked little 7/24 convenience stores . 
  i think another chain started it too . 
  i love it . 
  it is like politics can be an ass but the free market always finds a way . 
  bacon lettuce mangoes, 
  i think that is trolling . 
  i am as atheist as it gets , even my grandparents were , but looking at how some atheists tend to be so full of thinking they are so super smart , it is funny to pretend to be a creationist and troll them sometimes . 
  it is a poe 's law thing , to see how far you get before they realize the trolling . 
  the point is , because those type of people really think the opponents are idiots , they simply do n't notice when you say stuff that is so crazy that it is really obvious trolling . 
  like the fossils god put in the ground to test our faith stuff like that . 
  les tambours du bronx is absolutely dope , why are n't there more bands like that ? 
  it is not the part that they drum on oil barrels , it may as well be drums , it is the part that they make music you can dance to like techno or house , rythmic , but without electronics , just drumming . 
  we need more such bands imho . 
  birth does not magically transform the brain from one hour to another . 
  also parasite is such a negative word for a baby . 
  because the whole debate is about whether a fetus is a person or not with rights or not . 
  calling a fetus `` your body '' is simply missing the whole point of the whole argument , since a kidney will never develop into a full human . 
  so the fetus is even when not conscious or not sentient is something like a `` potential human '' this is precisely what gives the `` anti '' side its arguments . 
  you can argue with that , but if you just try to ignore it that does not really work . 
  again you gave no justification it just sounds like something you feel . 
  but it is not so bad compared to most of europe . 
  after taxes that is at least 17k , so 1400 a month , room in a houseshare 400 in a smaller city , food and similar basics maybe 500 , giving 500 for clothes and fun . 
  really ? 
  i think in an office job you still should be able earn something like 1400 a pound after taxes a month , and if we ignore crazy high london type prices and think a place like wolverhampton , a houseshare room is like 400 pounds a month . 
  food and toiletries etc. 
  five hundred . 
  this gives you five hundred for clothes , entertainment , public transport . 
  really not so bad . 
  my recommendation would be to stop spending fifty quid a night in a pub . 
  in these cheaper cities most people live in houseshares with some amount of garden . 
  get beer from asda , invite friends over in the garden or inside , play music , have fun much cheaper . 
  because it is bad to live in a society ruled by hypocritical , pc lies . 
  the truth is ugly , but at least it is truth . 
  to put it simply , the truth is that people are far more different than the mainstream accepts it , everything including culture , class , race , gender , and everything else makes really really different people and the difference is whether you realize these truths or not . 
  so while i do n't want to hate anyone , i want people to realize how huge difference there actually are and form policies accordingly . 
  no , there is a huge difference between defense and offense , a huge difference between `` not let others comes in my country '' or `` i go into other people 's country and make war on them '' . 
  seriously . 
  whatever your political position is , you have to accept if you want to be honest the huge difference between defense and offense . 
  if war is like a guy beating up someone on the street , then defensive nationalism can be compared to the guy carrying mace or learning judo so that no one can beat him upon the street . 
  it is different . 
  where do those rights come from ? 
  this is actually a very important question . 
  the three great theories are that rights are 1 ) divine 2 ) natural 3 ) social agreement . 
  1 ) would likely not apply in this case , and 3 ) would suggest that social agreement is precisely what a democratically elected government does . 
  hence it would only work if you would go 2 ) and consider it a natural right . 
  sigh . 
  wherever there is no evidence of fixing , what would justify a redo ? 
  it 's identity , not faith, 
  rich people tend to not cause the usual kinds of problems like mugging people on the street and their culture is largely flaunting it around . 
  well , criminals this rich are smart criminals . 
  so incredibly disgusting journalists are fining some journalists if they insult a group or a person = `` limitations on freedom of speech '' homeless are not allowed to sleep anywhere they wish and make decent parts the city look like shit = `` categorized homelessness as a crime '' `` brought universities under greater governmental control '' as if it was a fucking crime against human rights to have the institution that pays the costs of education actually decide how the hell it is spent , because apparently professors are special snowflakes who deserve public funds but no strings attached amirite go fsck yourself journalists , your profession has lower moral standards than lawyers now you see guys , modern politics is not even about that different people have different convictions or something . 
  it is mostly that the kind of folks who can be characterized as mainstream left liberals lie like rugs every time things do n't go their way , as all these human rights shit reduces to `` elected politicans want to actually rule the country instead of letting my friends in the universities and ngos do so '' . 
  all this shit ever mentioned in this article is all about a government trying to have a firm grip to actually run a country instead of a bunch of irresponsible intellectuals having a say in everything . 
  so it is logical to dress in the same color as a priest to protest it, 
  and those who think abortion is bloody murder should dress in red ? 
  would make a nice picture at least . 
  why would be chaos and war ? 
  there are perfectly good ways to prevent that . 
  for starters , closed borders , no immigration and stuff like that is a great way . 
  the whole idea of having stuff like countries and borders is that it isolates people so prevents violence . 
  but you forget that judgements are always statistical/probabilistic . 
  nobody says 100 % of a group is bad , it is just that in this or that group there is a far higher chance of meeting bad people , therefore generally be more vary of them . 
  it is never so black or white , not so binary . 
  the important part is that you do n't owe other people the duty to judge them fairly . 
  i mean , at some level yes , but you owe to yourself and to your family the right to be safe far far more . 
  so it is better to be a bit harsh in judgements and be safe than be really meticulously fair and just and then get beaten up . 
  and sorry , this pc thing is n't civilization but simply ideological control . 
  we were far more civilized in the 19th century when there was no such thing . 
  we could export civilization - europeans turned places like cairo into nice civilized colonies . 
  rhodesia was far better than mugabe 's zimbabwe and so on . 
  now we import anti-civilization . 
  it is far worse now in this aspect . 
  we do n't ( my wife and me hungarians ) , it is an uncomfortable idea , face full of hair and do n't know what do with my lower arm , and we get sweaty too . 
  typically she reads lying on her stomach before sleeping so i use her ass as a pillow as i read on my back . 
  this feels kinda romantic . 
  i am hungarian and of course we always did so . 
  mats are springy , and when i turn over my wife would bounce like a ball as she is much lighter . 
  and a common duvet ( blanket ? ), 
  sounds really weird as how can you wrap that around yourself , and she does not really want to smell my farts either . 
  i remember once i had a girlfriend with whom i felt particularly romantic and ask her hey let 's try sleeping on my chest like in the movies . 
  quickly i found out it is like using a bag of cement for duvet . 
  heavy and uncomfortable . 
  pork is love , pork is life . 
  if someone would open a restaurant in hungary selling nothing but feijoada transmontana there would be long queues .
