  well , that sort of thing is surely interesting , but on the other hand not harmonious . 
  it ultimately depends on what emotional effect you want from your environment , you want to get excited or get basically calmed , like anti-stress relaxation ? 
  suggesting any negative sentiment must be automatically wrong and `` pre '' . 
  when in reality it is actually _ post_judice , based on actual experience , as with increased diversity people know more about other ethnicities , not less . 
  i love this so open an obvious bias in modern liberalism , they are not even sugarcoating it anymore : if you have a negative view of any group , you must be wrong , it is just declared so . 
  well , that depends on what you cut !, 
  if you cut corporate taxes or stuff like that then yes . 
  but hungary has 27 % vat . 
  so obviously there is room to help the poor with a vat cut . 
  vat is well known to be a regressive tax . 
  i came up with a joke . 
  why is the v4 group named after visegr\u00e1d ? 
  because three countries out of the four understand the name of the castle and the fourth one owns it so it is cool to all of them . 
  ( it means something like old castle in slavic languages , most hungarians are n't really aware of that afaik . ), 
  to expensive and never pays for itself . 
  i am mostly pro orban but i do n't accept their obsession with the olympics . 
  just give that sort of money back to the hungarian people in tax cuts and everybody will be happier . 
  why spend an assload of money on yet another competition in who can dope unnoticed . 
  let 's just hungary do a football europe championship , that is cheaper and pays for itself nicely and certainly more interesting to watch for most folks than yet another doped up weight lifter . 
  love that guys , has some real balls . 
  come on the movie la haine showed communautarisme like 20 years ago , it is a fact long ago , you can not really avoid it . 
  yes , because it is so good for us that half our doctors work in the nhs and we can not get a doctors appointment for the next week , we must veto everything that would change this situation !, 
  ok i am a bit hypocritical about it , i am also a hungarian who works abroad . 
  but clearly this thing of working abroad is sort of a mixed blessing to say the very least . 
  our dearth of medical personnel is real and likely costing lives and the uk basically sending our docs back would not necessarily be a bad thing . 
  ( i mean , of course they can not literally send them back , but then they have to face the choice of learning a new language or move back . 
  or try their luck in ireland or maybe a visa abroad . ), 
  i am hungarian . 
  our left things the west is awesome , our right thinks we are awesome . 
  i sort of think both sucks at the moment , they behave like elves , we like orcs , both should like dwarves . 
  elf : too high minded and idealistic orc : angry and aggressive dwarf : fuck everything , let 's just work hard and get filthy rich, 
  easiest and a shorter detour . 
  the actually correct reason to got sopron is to get drunk in the gy\u00f3gyg\u00f6d\u00f6r . 
  because the principality of transsylvania used to be the only halfway independent hungarian state back when the ottomans were around . 
  they basically saved our identity , more or less . 
  it sucks not to have transsylvania . 
  the rest of the lands lost are less important , but transsylvania is really emotionally important . 
  i do n't even have to guess which region  btw i love the hungarian working class nicknames of small glasses of cheap booze bought in grocery stores , the 0.5 dl so 5cl little glass vodka or palinka is \u00fcrge ( gopher ) , the 2dl or 200cl kifli ( from austrian kipferl , a kind of pastry ), 
  but he is an isolationist , not an imperialist , a huge difference . 
  we get a sweet sugar daddy lol  seriously he is awesome and hopefully he will get the liberals from state dept off europe 's back and then we will go uninmpeded to the right and restore our civilization , proud , strong , tough and most importantly ours again, 
  vuk - cool children comics of a smart fox fucking over humans and dogs lutra - a movie mostly for children where a ( real ) smart otter keeps eating the livestock of peasants and they try to hunt him down but to no avail , but at least the hunter gets married so ok mekk mester - cool childrens animation about a goat being an idiotic handiman and building stupid stuff, 
  sorry , i just saw the title of that , but what ? 
  `` nobody '' only means the zizek type intellectuals who think the west is awesome . 
  people like on the political right tend to think you all are basically cucked and proud that our policies are far more right wing , and thus the identity is alive - sometimes thinking we will actually save europe from this invasion , we will lead a process when you all wake up again and reclaim your lands . 
   i have no idea what dcl is . 
  a decent glass of vodka , d'uh . 
  i wish germans names for some hungarian towns , cities were more well known , because they generally sound cool . 
  egri bikav\u00e9r wine is semi-officially translated as erlauer stierblut , it sounds cool imho . 
  it is only fair we call vienna b\u00e9cs ( which comes from the name of an old avar settlement that was close to it ), 
  i tend to think your culture is similar to italy . 
  at least the pizza in krajnska gora is pretty good . 
  i mean , was pretty good even 25 years ago when pizza was less international as now . 
  come the fsck on , if we could go back to the europe of 1910 and explain the government paid healthcare , education etc. 
  most people would say that is pretty socialist . 
  ok try going to dudley . 
  fine , no one will behead you but it is still crap . 
  well , there is a typical french face ... a bit owl like , 
  the role , not the man, 
  pretty shit because all the good docs work in the west . 
  i live in the west namely austria too , basically if i need a child neurologist i either wait 4 weeks and get it for free or go tomorrow and pay her private price , about 100 dollars for a visit . 
   why start a conversation if there 's nothing to talk about ? 
  just broing about , being social . 
  i think it is a bit more common here than in the west . 
  especially with young people , often with a bit of posing , yolo-swag style , like how getting to know other people is an occasion to show off your swag . 
  the more i think about it is that the real reason is that if you invest time and effort into being cool , like wear fashionable clothes , work out , you you want to show it off and impress people , sort of see them either swoon or feel envy , and that is why . 
  so the average looking guy is not very social with strangers , but the cool dude in the ed hardy baseball cap yes , to show off a bit . 
  there is a term borrowed from roma / gypsy language , `` gizda '' . 
  it is having the kind of swag that makes people envious . 
  it is when you park a bmw before the music club and walk in oh so nonchalantly as if it was nothing , yet fully knowing everybody is thinking `` fuck kill you dead dead it costs more than my parents house '' about it and you enjoy all the salt . 
  so a kind of swag . 
  when you have this , you want more social contact to impress people . 
  it was very common when i was young . 
  like 20 years ago . 
  i think todays kids do it less because at some point hipsters made it cool to look poor . 
  but i think hipsters also have more social contact to show that off too . 
  in hungary not but when i am in austria then yes . 
  it is mostly westerner europeans . 
  i think they come accross to me as mostly nervous and being afraid of other people . 
  we in the east are very direct with both friendliness and rudeness , one or the other , if you want to start a conversion you are either told to go fuck yourself or come let 's be bros. 
  by citizenship or ethnicity ? 
  please do n't play this literalist game . 
  it is like pretending to be stupid . 
  while people whose parents are immigrants are not literally immigrants , they are obviously still a result of loose immigration policies , they are still an immigration related problem . 
  while not 100 % accurate to call them immigrants it is still not a lie , it is still true than their ethnic background is non-european and their parents were immigrants . 
  i mean , i can respect your opinion but playing such wordgames is just not honest . 
  let 's really not do this . 
  we all know they are still those people no matter what word we use . 
  seriously i do n't understand our liberals . 
  somehow our liberals are far more interested in feeling an envy about orb\u00e1n 's power than the actual policies . 
  like you are more interested in him having power or not , legitimized or not , than about policies like this . 
  really weird . 
  i never vote on principle because i disagree with democracy but yes absolutely agree with that and more, 
  feel hurt about trianon, 
  liberal buzzword for the ones who like our money more than they hate us, 
  you used to be multicultural with the most developed people like danes and germans , how does this compare to being multicultural with people who come from absolutely screwed up countries ? 
  you import the third world you become the third world . 
  you import intelligent rich danish merchants , you become more like a rich intelligent country . 
  this is difficult or what ? 
  yes i love it http://www.saloon.co.at/ country music , steak and burgers , wooden interior, 
  i think the liberal media is lying as usual and they blow up 3 or 4 attacks in a country of seventy million,
