poor hungary they always get into trouble when lots of people want to walk to or from the middle east by land , if it 's not drunken loot happy crusaders heading south it 's desperate refugees heading north . 
  well not only , you 'll find buddhist monks blessing cars , planes , football teams and whatever else too for example . 
  i think hindu have some of that going on as well . 
  there are two factors why it 's not a thing in the wester world . 
  first of all most western countries are to a large extent secularized , religion just play a very small part of public life . 
  secondly a lot of the people who are religious follow a protestant denomination of christianity where blessings are `` democratized '' , the idea is that any sincere prayer can invoke gods blessing , monks , priests or other authority figures are not considered to provide `` higher level '' blessings . 
  horst tappert and his co-star fritz wepper where both big stars in norway since the ( west ) german/austrian tv crime show derrick was a huge hit here for decades . 
  granted the show ran for 281 episodes so i assume it was somewhat popular in germany and elsewhere too . 
  i associate rioting farmers more with france myself . 
  that is often how it works , if someone could resettle elsewhere in their home country without being persecuted/killed they wo n't qualify for asylum in most cases . 
  asylum is about protection , not getting a higher quality of life in a rich country . 
  we have had muslim fundamentalists here that openly express ideological support for isis and have been waving their flag around . 
  it 's considered protected speech and legal as long as it 's just them expressing an opinion . 
  obviously making actual threats or providing material support to isis would be illegal . 
  it 's a fine line but there are a couple of guys who seem to have made a career out of balancing on the very edge between `` free speech '' and `` hate speech '' or illegal threats . 
  guess it depends on how you look at it , i guess polar bears are pretty dangerous , but those are only on svalbard . 
  wolf , brown bears and lynxes exist but they are shy , i do n't think any persons have been injured by them for decades . 
  they kill the odd sheep though . 
  in terms of the most person injuries i suspect it 's deer , or moose vs cars . 
  that 's the problem with mass surveillance they are drowning it data , but they ca n't process it in any timely manner . 
  unless someone does something that sets off a major red flag that let them narrow down the search it 's all white noise and is only of use to investigating stuff after the fact . 
  the times they have arrested people before they got to perform an attack they have usually had `` old-fashioned '' targeted surveillance teams shadowing them . 
  i recall the french show '' [ les mondes engloutis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cdohh37fmk ) '' ( aka `` shagma '' ) made quite an impression on me growing up . 
  wish more would adapt that approach . 
  i 'm sick and tired of violent repeat offenders getting lenient treatment because they where drunk . 
  ffs if they are known violent drunks and keep getting drunk and starting fights i do n't care how nice they are when they are sober , if they still get drunk and punch someone out that should result in a harsher punishment , not more lenient . 
  many do , i just do n't think it 's too common in aviation yet , at least for for pilots . 
  i mean in shipping your basic crew is pretty much always from some low-cost country or other regardless of what flag the ship is flying . 
  manufacturing companies have been doing it for ages etc. 
  it 's rarely popular though , i 'm sure the objections to letting them into the market have some aspect of protectionism in it . 
  probably some politicians worried about jobs in their constituency or whatever . 
  norwegian ( the company ) do use various tricks many consider unfair to keep costs down , the norwegian ( nationality ) pilots union is pretty up in arms about them as well , basically using foreign shell companies to hire `` local '' pilots abroad at a fraction of the salary of pilots in the regions they actually operate in and such ( i 'm not 100 % up to date on the details though ) . 
  i know there has been a whole legal battle here to have the main company legally recognized as the employer rater than the various holding companies that could be dissolved at a moments notice to get rid of unneeded employees that would normally have all sorts of legal protections about being fired . 
  heh , how insecure can you get . 
  `` foreigners may corrupt the minds of our young with their pro-western values ! '' . 
  ok look , if foreign `` anti government groups '' ( however you define those ) are blatantly recruiting in your schools maybe ask them to leave , but this is approaching dangerous levels of paranoia . 
  true , but honestly that deal was just to let the uk avoid loosing face i think . 
  people call me naive , but i do n't think anyone would actually expect china to allow a democratic system to continue under their rule , they view it as an existential threat to their power monopoly and will stop at nothing to end it . 
  subtly if they can , but hong kongers do n't fall in line eventually they 'll bring the hammer down and the uk can do nothing about it . 
  technically uber itself does n't break the law ( in case of norway anyway ) , but their drivers do break the law if they do n't have a license for commercial passenger transport and the necessary insurance stuff that goes with it . 
  so in practice most uber drivers operate illegally , and risk having their drivers license revoked and car impounded . 
  yeah ... at first i though it must have broken up in the air since they found casualties on land while the main part of the wreckage is underwater , but it seems like it hit a small island first , starting fires there , and then `` bounced '' into the sea . 
  there is a picture of a [ smoking island with rescue ships around it ] ( http://1.vgc.no/drfront/images/2016/04/29/c=0,50,1500,830;w=988;h=547;276192.jpg ) . 
  seems most of these protests are not aiming to educate the american public but get publicity at `` home '' . 
  i 've heard form people who work in new york that there are regularly protests near/outside the un building where not a single poster or banner or chant is in english . 
  they either want attention from international press or show their displeasure to some visiting diplomat , not get `` the locals '' on their side . 
  not an expert but according to wikipedia the max takeoff weight is 19,200 kg and the empty plane weigh 8,570 kg so quite a bit . 
  problem is bulk , whatever you want to carry have to fit into pods attached to the outside in place of external fuel tanks or missile racks . 
  generally not practical . 
  this was mostly a happy coincidence . 
  if the plane had not already been fueled up , with the cargotank installed ready to take off on a planned training flight i do n't think they would have done it . 
  first of all it would have taken time to prep the plane , and doing an unscheduled flight would be very expensive , in this case they just altered the flight plan . 
  well technically it 's just a weapons platform , with a cargo attachment instead of missiles in this case . 
  we reject your proof and substitute our own . 
  not just random debts either , their public broadcaster have n't been paying their european broadcasting union membership dues , since ebu organize the even and the romanian broadcaster organize their part of it that 's become a problem . 
  dunno [ finnland did ok sending a band of demons ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gah9nrgnhuu ) :p, 
  the diaspora are generally more culturally conservative than the natives , this is true for pretty much any group . 
  instead of being immersed in the culture as just another regular person and slowly absorb changes as they happen people living abroad tend to actively cling to their culture and try to keep it `` pure '' . 
  right holders are interested , but they all also want a cut , and so does regional distributors , who have long term contracts . 
  if everyone get what they want the price will be too high and no one would pay . 
  so we are stuck with time limited deals in just some regions since that is all everyone is willing to agree to without prices going trough the roof . 
  hmm , i though you needed to get a blue light first to be allowed to do that kind of crap . 
  yeah does n't look like lack of integration can be blamed on this one . 
  he was doing well as a youth and had decent prospects , but at some point in the last 3-4 years he got radicalized . 
  there are also examples of `` pure blooded scandinavians '' with completely normal upbringings converting to islam and getting radicalized as adults . 
  integration is important , but the real key is to stop those who keep spreading these radical teachings , but they keep beating around that bush because they do n't want to be seen as restricting religions freedom and such . 
  yeah but people are still flipping out over it . 
  as i understand it the law left it up to the government if it should be applied or not , so people assume she could have just ignored it . 
  that one would be fine i think , as where the original parody song i think . 
  the poem in question this time was explicitly written to violate the letter a german law with direct personal libelous insults lacking any satirical context . 
  he knew what he was doing , not sure if he expected the government to actually enforce that law , but he knew it existed and even said before performing the `` poem '' that he was about to violate the law . 
  this put merkel between a rock and a hard place , refuse to enforce the law and edrogan likely cancel the refugee deal and people would be up in arms over a second flood of refugees . 
  do enforce the law and people are now up in arms over someone being prosecuted for insulting someone instead . 
  most countries have laws against libel , and edogan cold probably have perused the same poem in private lawsuits pretty much anywhere in europe and the us , difference is that in this case germany have this old law dating back from the german empire that is part of the criminal code ( meaning you are prosecuted by the state and risk jail rater than just begin sued by the offended party ) . 
  now that 's a tall tale if ever i heard one . 
  if russia really did have the electronic warfare capability to completely disable a us warship remotely that would indeed be a huge thing . 
  however they would be incredibly stupid to display that capability to the us unnecessarily since they would instantly get to work hardening their systems against it . 
  lol , if the crew of the us ship had been truly `` frightened '' by the russian jets russia would be loudly denouncing the destruction of said jets right about now , because if the us crew truly believed the planes where attacking them they would not resign , they would blow them out of the sky . 
  we just call you guys tsjekkia , c and z do n't belong that close together :p, 
  i 'm not a fan of their classic , but the slightly more `` upscale '' variant ( helmax or something i think ) with ~ ~ pepperoni ~ ~ ham and salami , and cheese crust is pretty good for a quick bite . 
  my local kebab/pizza place also put lettuce on their kebab pizza , i 'm not a fan , also they just pile dry kebab-meat on top of the `` bread '' so when you try to eat a slice with your hands most of the topping just tumble off . 
  i like the one they make in the place the next town over . 
  no lettuce ( paprika and mushrooms instead ) , and the topping is not just dry meat , but has a bit of sauce to keep everything together . 
  no one expects the spanish ~ ~ inquisition ~ ~ formal complaint !, 
  norwegian and swedish are `` too close '' though , swedes living here never even try to learn norwegian ( nor do norwegians moving to sweden learn swedish ) . 
  the languages are close enough that there is no point , at best they pick up a few local words and end up talking '' [ svorsk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/svorsk ) '' . 
  seems this study is just a very rough guess . 
  no concrete numbers whatsoever , he 's using data from 2012 and estimates that there are fewer finnish speakers and more arabic speakers now , so arabic have probably just barely overtaken finnish as the second biggest language . 
  for reference the 2012 data put native arabic speakers at about 1.6 % of the population ( 155.000 ) with native finnish speakers at 2.1 % ( 200.000 ) . 
  neither the article or the attached sound clip mention what he estimate the current numbers to be . 
  seem there exist no official language statistics which explain the fuzzy numbers i guess . 
  it works as long as the government continue to encourage this behavior by ignoring peaceful protests and caving in every time someone turn violent . 
  so it 's not just islamists that get radicalized in france ... 
  think so , at least it 's a thing here to take the ferry to denmark for the sole purpose of `` partying '' all the way across , find a bar or pub on the danish side for a few hours and then roll back on the boat and party all the way back home again , taking time out only to stock up on alcohol in the tax-free shop . 
  it 's like totally cool and stuff and junk , you know . 
  i 've heard some people say small cars just do n't `` feel '' safe , specially not when surrounded by large cars everywhere , they worry they will be completely flattened in case of an accident . 
  well ( mostly ) friendly ripping between scandinavians are pretty much a free for all . 
  i guess sweden might get the most since they are the biggest country , and historically they broke out of the kalmar union and fought several wars against the still united denmark-norway . 
  we 'll happily poke fun at the danes too and i 'm sure they all joke about the silly/stuck up norwegians . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard anyone sing verse 2 where `` olav painted the [ christian ] cross on the land in his blood '' and so forth .
