  it 's seen as very awkward . 
  i * think * my grandparents where religions , at least my grandfather would invoke god in a speech from time to time , but it 's never something we talked about and i ca n't recall any of them attending church outside of baptisms , marriages and funerals ( and those are mostly done in the church out of tradition rater than religions conviction ) . 
  there is a large pentecostal congregation in my small town so i 've grown up around lots of religions people . 
  even so it 's still not something that tend to come up in any conversation i 've had with them . 
  granted i had few truly close friends , mostly because i 'm a socially awkward introvert , so that may be part of it , but i get the impression that religion is just not something you talk about in most situations around here . 
  alexander rybak is a curious one . 
  i wo n't dispute that he was born in belarus or that he have been a successful artist , but his family emigrated to norway when he was 4 before belarus even became independent from the ussr and he mostly performed norwegian folk music inspired stuff afaik . 
  is he particularly well known in belarus ? 
  i guess maybe he got a surge in popularity after his 2009 eurovision win in moscow ? 
  i see he recored a couple of songs in russian and belarusian after that . 
  the continent would drown in paperwork i imagine . 
  wolves take very few sheep overall , most predation losses are from wolverines , lynx and golden eagles ( who are all also protected species i believe ), 
  depends , not everyone agree on what the first day of the week is . 
  some say the week begin on sunday , others insist it 's monday , so not knowing what the local standard is being told to go someone on day 3 is not necessarily more helpful . 
  i 'm not an expert on identifying races , but she is of some kind of european descent at last , her birth name was charlotte antonsen sunde and here is [ a `` before and after '' photo ] ( http://i0.wp.com/standpunktet.no/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/collage_charlotte.png ) of her being circulated . 
  well in this case the muslim woman happens to be a caucasian convert so ... 
  it 's not entrapment because she is not a law enforcement officer . 
  she went into the salon and inquired about prices , then she was rejected in a discriminatory way . 
  even if she went there expecting a reaction there is nothing to indicate she acted in a way any reasonable person would consider provocative ( it is not illegal for a black man to approach a known racist even if it 's likely to provoke a negative reaction for example ) . 
  the hairdresser choose to act the way she did , which was illegal . 
  the muslim woman is a `` ethnic norwegian '' convert and the hairdresser explicitly said she did not want to touch muslims and equated them with nazis . 
  she really did n't leave herself a lot of wiggle room . 
  her only `` defense '' is basically that she really hate muslims and do n't want to be forced to serve one . 
  not sure why she bother appealing she 'll likely just keep increasing the fine every time , but she seem to think she is standing up for some kind of principle . 
  hmm , is it too late for some ( not too insane ) 3 . party candidate to do the same in the us presidential election ? 
  not based on race , religion etc. 
  ( she have now been found guilty of discrimination by the court , though she is appealing ) . 
  even in majority muslim countries the rules are rarely that hardcore . 
  going to a woman hairdresser would not cause any great scandal even it it 's not strictly speaking a 100 % private space . 
  they might not allow men and women to use the same salon , but we do n't have segregated businesses in the west ( although i feel some hairdresser are de-facto woman only , they would probably not refuse men , but there are some salons i would just never go to because all the branding , advertising and products on display only cater to women ) , and 99 % of the muslims are pragmatic about this , it was the hairdresser that caused the `` scene '' by refusing to serve her . 
  this is not really related to norwegian forests though . 
  it 's rules to blacklist products or companies that contribute to deforestation around the world when awarding public procurement contracts . 
  so no buying office desks made from rainforest wood and suchlike . 
  i 'm guessing he was supposed to drag himself out of the hole using the techniques they teach ( [ something along these lines ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkpazvxslda ) ) . 
  if you go though the ice for real you wo n't have a safety rope attached with guys ready to haul you back up again . 
  pretty sure he 's put his put his church burning days behind him , he changed his name and moved to a small farm in france with his family . 
  he was briefly arrested in france on all sorts of suspicious , but released again with no charges pressed . 
  they said they might try to charge him with being a racist or something at a later date , but i do n't recall any more news about him since then , that was 2013 . 
  well my isp is currently advertising 1000/1000 mbps  could probably have phrased it better though , there are obviously a lot of local variance about what is available and there are obviously world class internet in some parts of the us as well . 
  to be fair i see more americans complaining about lack of choice , poor speed ( and poor customer service ) , data caps , injected ads , price gouging and so on and so forth than i see europeans `` bashing '' american infrastructure ( on political issues it 's another matter ) . 
  at first i though it was about internet access and such and found if puzzling because i always hear the us is basically a 3 . world country with data caps and junk . 
  then i realize the article is mostly about how there is no common standard for data collection in europe and that us tech firms get ahead because there is a uniform standard for collecting data about their customers in the us , and how people need to reject `` populist '' views ( on privacy rights i assume ) that is holding back the industry . 
  aha , the plot thickens ... 
  it 's not about getting better infrastructure , it 's about making internet companies more profitable like the beloved us isps it seems . 
  we are not unfriendly as such , but as a rule we do n't talk to random strangers beyond the bare minimum and we rarely actively look for friends . 
  if you happen to hang around the same group of people for years you kinda get to know them eventually , but for an outsider coming in finding friends will be hard . 
  obviously there are always some raging extroverts out there looking to meet new people , but the culture is rater stoic on the whole . 
  you can here , there is a sms service run by the public road administration that will tell you the name and city of the owner of a car given a registration number . 
  based on that you can probably find the rest in the phone directory unless they are unlisted . 
  i 've gotten a couple of calls from the university my younger sister was attending asking me to move the car because it was parked illegally ( it was an old hand-me-down still registered to me ) . 
  well i know for a fact they have at least one guy , a norwegian convert who went to join isis and then later got arrested on the turkish border trying to flee syria . 
  imho they can just keep him though , do n't see any rush having him extradited . 
  a lot of government workers are not very computer literate though . 
  they are used to windows , if you give them a linux machine without adequate training productivity tend to tank and support calls skyrocket . 
  not saying it ca n't be done well , but it takes a bigger project than just installing a new os on the machines , and that is often neglected . 
  facebook use encryption though ( https ) :p i know that 's not what they are really talking about , they do n't particularly care if communication is encrypted in transit over the `` wire '' . 
  they just do n't want companies to one way encrypt their stored customer data because they do want full access to their servers and the ability to read anything stored on them . 
  given the proximity and history i 'm not too surprised french is on top . 
  i guess spanish over german because when it comes to business chances are your german counterpart speak english anyway while spain is a popular tourist/pensioner destination and it also open up large parts of south-america . 
  it honestly does n't come up much . 
  it 's regarded as something of a failure obviously , but it 's mostly handled as `` seemed like a good idea at the time '' . 
  we did n't have a leading role in the thing so no one is blaming the government in particular for the state libya is in now , and we are also too far away to be particularly impacted by the fallout ( we have some ships in the mediterranean helping with search and rescue , but we do n't bring the people they pick up back home ) . 
  pretty sure norway have been involved in all of those as well in some capacity . 
  it 's mainly sweden and iceland staying out . 
  sweden ( and finland ) being neutral and iceland not having a standing army ( just coast guard ) to send anywhere despite also being in nato . 
  we did n't join the iraq coalition but we sent peace-keepers there under un flag later . 
  we also had troops in afghanistan for a long while , we had planes bombing libya and we have special forces in iraq and jordan who are mainly to train locals , but they may also be used to directly engage isis targets as needed . 
  well if you ask hours after an attack they will obviously get things like `` lone perpetrator '' and `` unknown motive '' , the rest is probably more media spin than actual government misdirection , they wo n't confirm a wider conspiracy until a lot more investigation have been done . 
  he was hardly in a calculating state of mind though . 
  if he committed murder so he could stay in a cushy prison one would assume he would be happy enough after being arrested . 
  instead he climbed up on a roof , and dove off , presumably head-first because while it was only a 3 meter fall he broke his neck and eventually died after they disconnected life-support . 
  have to wonder though , a foreigner imprisoned for smuggling will presumably leave the country after serving their time . 
  so in norwegian statistics they would count as a non-recidivist as long as we do n't catch them again here , even if they get arrested again somewhere else later , no ? 
  incarceration is a punishment , comfortable surroundings and access to some entertainment does n't negate the fact that loosing your freedom and control of your situation is quite uncomfortable in itself . 
  it 's bad because it 's a major disruption to how things have `` always '' been done . 
  having the state take over all meaningful property and production facilities and allocating stuff as needed . 
  work becomes a duty rater than something you do to earn money to buy the stuff you need . 
  you are no longer rewarded for hard work , you are just given the basics needed to survive and expected to work for the greater good to produce stuff others need . 
  it only really work if everyone is on the same page , but people tend to resist and subvert the system , black markets for `` luxuries '' pop up unless you keep a close eye on them and purge non-conformists , so you never get to the `` communist utopia '' where everyone work for the betterment of everyone else and instead get stuck with an oppressive government trying to stamp out `` wrong '' thinking with a heavy hand . 
  then again muslims apparently considered them `` filthy '' , although islam is rater picky about purifying rituals so i guess a weekly bath would n't quite cut it if they did n't wash in between after taking a dump or whatever . 
  in the short term yes , an enemy capturing a nuke on the battlefield could not immediately set it off . 
  however if a determined state actor ( or even resource rich non-state actor ) had unrestricted physical access of such a device to poke at it at their leisure would you really trust a code on the detonator to keep it safe forever ? 
  pretty sure that is not a risk the us military would be willing to take , if a us nuke where to go missing they wold go to great lengths to recover or destroy it , ruffled feathers be damned . 
  same as in most countries i would assume . 
  cars and trucks got a lot better , so it is not longer economical to maintain a train route to every minor town . 
  it depends entirely on where you work i suppose . 
  i live in a small town and there are buses going to the nearby bigger town , the two main employers and the schools . 
  so yes , many people can get by that way . 
  only one buss every few hours mind you . 
  you miss the buss going to your place of work you wo n't get there until lunch break . 
  work any overtime and you 'll have to get someone to pick you up or sleep under your desk . 
  not a lot of flexibility . 
  the place i work just do n't have any bus service whatsoever . 
  if i had a couple hours to spare to swap buss a few times and take a detour i could probably get close enough that i could walk the last bit in 20-30 minutes , but no buses run early enough that i could do that and still make it in time for my shift . 
  no these where pretty cheap stuff , probably designed for digital cameras , not running an os and mysql database off :p, 
  growing up in the 80s i recall them trying to break our spirit by airing old finnish tv theater during off peak ours . 
  we pulled though somehow ... that 's some grimdark stuff you got there . 
  dunno , national birds are a thing , ours are the [ white-throated dipper ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white-throated_dipper ) , or as we call it `` fossekall '' . 
  we also have a national dish : '' [ f\u00e5rik\u00e5l ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/f\u00e5rik\u00e5l ) '' ( sheep in cabbage ) , though i do n't think that 's quite an official thing , it was named such after a vote they had in a radio program in the 70s . 
  bomb proof military grade stuff .
