  i guess whoever win the seat reserved for the jewish minority in iran has less votes than that , but that 's kinda different . 
  at least when the french protest something they [ destroy other peoples property ] ( http://www.decanter.com/wine-news/french-winemakers-attack-spanish-wine-lorries-353266/ ) . 
  yeah , it 's mostly the refugee card i guess . 
  a lot of people in europe seem to be terrified that turkey could cause mass havoc if they started actively pushing millions of refugees into europe as they have threatened to do and think this give him great leverage . 
  while there is a risk he will act irrationally if his ego is sufficiently bruised by his inability to make the eu give in to his demands , doing so would no doubt hurt the turkish economy a lot too . 
  guess it remains to be seen if he 's willing or definitional enough to follow though or if it 's all empty talk to rile up his voter base . 
  turkey is getting hundreds of millions of $ from the eu , a lot of aid is also paid directly to refugees living in turkey to cover living costs rater than being paid directly to the turkish government . 
  turkey is also far from compliant with all it 's commitments , hosting refugees where only one of a multitude of conditions , many of which they fail or refuse to fulfill . 
  things will get awkward if he get into a disagreement with israel . 
  `` you are nazis ! '', 
  `` no you are '' `` no you ! '', 
  it 's `` illegal '' , but the law has no provisions for enforcement it seems so everyone ignore it . 
  it basically says it should not be done , but if you do there are literally no consequences ( especially not to the ruling party ) . 
  people living abroad often tend to be more conservative than those in the home country because they feel they have to work to preserve their cultural identity , and they have a outdated rose tinted view of the `` old country '' , often dismissing critical news as propaganda and unwarranted hate . 
  no he was found competent , otherwise he would not be in jail at all . 
  oh , well guess that is an issue then . 
  on the norwegian keyboard we have one key with \u00a8 ^ ~ on it and another with \\ ` \u00b4 . 
  letters \u00e6 \u00f8 \u00e5 being separate keys . 
  we do lack a key to apply the \u02da dialectic separately though . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure how the german keyboard layout is , but you can type all accents by just hitting the correct button ( sometimes a shift or alt gr modifier is needed too ) and then the letter . 
  so basically first hit the key ( combo ) for \u00a8 and then a letter to apply it to . 
  guess that makes sense . 
  just annoying to see how a handful of `` professional rioters '' can keep terrorizing the same communities for years and the police seem happy to just temporarily disperse them whenever this stuff happens , be it football hooligans or disgruntled immigrants . 
  i 'm generally very much a `` minimal force '' kind of guy , but i honestly do not understand why police just do n't shoot to kill when shitheads throw fire bombs and bricks at them , that 's attempted murder in my book and they should be weapons free at that point . 
  like trump inviting obamas conservative muslim half-brother to his rallies ? 
  i do n't remember , it 's been decades . 
  at some point they repair the sun with spartacus ` es bracelet/crossbow thingy , but not sure if that was the last episode . 
  found a couple of episodes around the place ( and sadly it does n't quite hold up to my memory of it ( and i would need subtitles or the english dub to actually follow the story as i do n't understand french ) , i 've seen at least one dvd release so maybe it 's out there . 
  well there are rater a lot of swedes working here , they tend to generally not be rapists though . 
  i do n't speak french so i ca n't compare , but the norwegian translations where indeed full of name puns and such , it 's what most of the humor is based on , have to imagine some references flew over our heads though . 
  from what i gather it 's a limited edition commemorative coin . 
  because no one is stupid enough to deliberately load up on that easily detectable steroid with the amount of doping tests they have to go though . 
  she is a norwegian skier who delivered a positive doping test . 
  she was not deliberately taking performance enhancing drugs , but she used a cream to treat some lip-sores that contained steroids on the doping list . 
  she is upset because the whole year is a wash for her now and she claims to have acted in good faith and gotten the cream cleared by the team doctor ( who have now resigned ) , although most people agree she was negligent as the cream clearly have a warning label on it regardless and she should have known it contained illegal stuff regardless of what the doctor said . 
  the finnish in particular repeatedly claim the norwegian ski team have to be using doping because they keep winning everything and this case have been used a lot of justify those claims , or just troll the hell out of norwegians for laughs . 
  would be pretty obvious i 'd think ( lutefisk is dried fish softened up in lye ) , now if it was surstr\u00f6mming on the other hand ( fermented fish ) ... 
  maybe it 's lost in translation but the impression i get when someone say `` the shelves are empty and vegetables are being rationed '' is quite different from saying `` lettuce and broccoli is scarce and more expensive '' . 
  last i checked the shelves are still full of other vegetables and fruit and now that they mention it there are a bit fewer broccoli than previously but i was just chalking that up to it being winter . 
  then again why blame propaganda when sensationalist click-bait titles is the norm everywhere . 
  i mean we nearly had an `` egg crisis '' around easter 13 years ago , the end is near i tell you !, 
  found the crusader kings ii player :p also still better than coming back castrated with their eyes poked out . 
  or the worst of all , a greek wife with double chins . 
  as far as i know most turks in europe did n't really flee their country . 
  at least not people who came from the mainland from the 60s and onwards , they where mostly work immigrants ( or `` guest workers '' ) , who settled in and got permanent residency or even citizenship . 
  their children , as is often the case with any immigrant group , often end up becoming `` more catholic than the pope '' , because unlike their parents who grew up immersed in the culture of the home country , the second generation often feel adrift and often grab on to `` traditional values '' ( or some convenient subset of such ) from the home country more strongly as a means to assert their cultural identity . 
  if twitter is the only remaining means of diplomatic communication the world would be doomed . 
  it 's a drama generating machine for hyperbole and out of context snippets . 
  if you want to get all philosophical about it nothing is truly random , just beyond our means to predict . 
  deradicalizing have been known to happen , and when dealing with angry young people your odds are probably the best . 
  probably not the easiest group , but in theory it 's possible . 
  maybe because fewer of them work , japanese workers seem to often be stressed out and/or depressed due to high pressure and long hours , this apply to both men and women , but a significantly higher % of men work compared to women who are expected to be housewives after getting married while the husband work himself ( sometimes literally ) to death to support them both + children . 
  saw a good el5 thread about this , no one is legally required to religiously swear on anything to take office or participate in a trial or whatever . 
  they need to affirm that they will do their duty of face consequences ( perjury ) , the swearing on a bible and such is a tradition that is allowed because all it really does it give added weight to the promise if the person is religious . 
  lots of americans are religious so as long as you are at least theoretically christian-ish it 's also just good pr to swear on a bible and invoke god in your speech as opposed to `` just '' affirm under the pain of perjury to carry out your duties when taking an important public office . 
  if a person who is a outspoken atheist swore on a bible it would probably backfire and be rightfully seen as a fake gesture . 
  looking at 2014 prices between 28 % and 64 % cheaper depending on what you get . 
  assuming prices have not changed drastically since then there are savings to be had if if max out your toll free quota , assuming you live reasonably close to the border obviously , travel is not free . 
  yeah , i mean isis fighter sounds like a full time job , should disqualify you from unemployment benefits . 
  maybe if the pay is not too great they could get social aid instead though . 
  dang southern europeans taking our snow too now : <, 
  heck , many people post outraged comments on onion articles people share , i mean they literally read the onion and think it 's real ... that 's not even biased or fake news , that 's straight up the most well known satire new site . 
  i think he means where it 's available all year . 
  i 'm honestly not 100 % sure about the actual rules in norway , but outside of the period between christmas and new years you simply can not buy fireworks anywhere ( there may be some specialty stores in larger cities , i do n't know ) . 
  so basically you ca n't ( easily ) buy fireworks 51 weeks out of the year , then there is a 1 week window where `` every '' store is suddenly selling fireworks , and then they are gone again . 
  they could stop selling it to regular people , at least the big `` bombs '' , sure some people would smuggle it , but it would reduce the volume significantly . 
  hire professionals to do a nice big communal show instead , still big fireworks just less drunk people shooting rockets vertically at people . 
  more appropriate headline : how erdogan have been steadily alienating his western allies . 
  i assume the police made no effort to keep the identity of the officers hidden , so why should the press care ? 
  if members of the press had gone out of their way to `` out '' anonymous anti-terror officers that would be something else . 
  there are always outliers ( some billionaires turn to petty crime out of boredom ) , but for every osama bin laden there are tens of thousands of uneducated saps doing their dirty work . 
  i can understand blaming some western banks and financial institutions , regular people pretty much hate them anywhere . 
  blaming the west in general is wrong address though , just your usual sharks that smelled profit and pounced . 
  hmm , wonder if it 's the same condition affecting this guy : http://www.odditycentral.com/news/worlds-dirtiest-man-80-year-old-iranian-man-hasnt-bathed-in-60-years.html, 
  well it 's no bland frozen pizza , but i guess we can get onboard with that as well . 
  well no one does he has to travel [ really really fast ] ( http://www.fnal.gov/pub/ferminews/santa/ ), 
  it 's a veritable cheshire dog !, 
  what is it with populists and crazy hair ? 
  just another part of the `` hey look at me ! '', 
  personality ? 
  well that would also be illegal in greece , however the two claim they where not in an official research mission ( actually they first claimed they where , bohemia later `` confined '' they where not there on their behalf ) , just vacation and that they did n't photograph any bases at all ( except some hangars incidentally showed up in the background of a video they shot at the airport ) , and it 's all a big misunderstanding . 
  meanwhile greek police claim they not only photographed restricted installations , but that they had in fact illegally entered military facilities . 
  the game using the island as a setting was sort of a big deal and has been discussed in the greek parliament as a possible security threat i think . 
  maybe they overrated when they heard two of the developers had arrive there , or maybe the the developers are just denying everything knowing the evidence wold not be published and that they would get a lot of public support . 
  did n't the arma guys literally climb fences to get into restricted military areas ? 
  yeah they are not international spies , but that will get you in trouble anywhere . 
  the official , legally defined thing is `` de jure '' ( `` according to law '' ) . 
  `` de facto '' ( `` in fact '' ) describes something that is or does as something in practice , even if it 's not it 's official role or purpose . 
  we did n't get rich because we stayed outside , we stayed outside because we where rich and felt there was little to be gained . 
  then we proceeded to tightly integrate with eu anyway , including all the 4 freedoms and so on . 
  ah , time to purge the plotters yet then ? 
  i assume he 's been taking nodes from his pal erdogan . 
  that feeling when [ tomorrow never dies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lechdtywaau&amp;t=1m10s ) start looking like a documentary . 
  well * some * would , but it 's mostly the fridge hardline settler types than the general population . 
  they got a lot of good chess players . 
  but also a lot of people , this is per 100.000 people not absolute numbers . 
  we have so much in common , 
  i would hazard a guess on no . 
  but the culture , public holidays and so on are all influenced by christianity , it 's more familiar and `` normal '' , so christian and non-religions locals generally get along fine . 
  if you actively practice a `` foreign '' religion you would probably find it a lot harder to `` fit in '' .
