  from 1986 to 2001 10 people had been killed , in 2001 alone another 10 died , which was the final straw . 
  after they started holding back the firing pins the number of deaths by military weapons dropped to 0 ( for the next several years at least , i 'm pretty sure a few murders have been committed by criminals using stolen military weapons since ) . 
  obviously crimes of passion still happen , but at least not using military weapons . 
  illegally obtaining a firing pin and some ammo would probably not be super hard , but it 's not something anyone is likely to do in the middle of a `` rage blackout '' . 
  sport shooting is also fairly big here , but yeah , hunters are probably the majority of those ( and many competition shooters are also hunters i guess ) . 
  i 'm assuming military weapons are not included . 
  they saddled me with an mp5 because i 'm in the `` home guard '' for example , but that 's just for storage . 
  i do n't have a license to use it outside of exercises so i ca n't just pop down to a range and fire off a few rounds , besides they keep the firing pin and do n't issue ammo . 
  full on wall covering carpets . 
  no , not a thing here . 
  lots of people use tapestries or other kinds of `` textile art '' for decoration though , be it woven patterns or images or needlepoint things . 
  depends on the field , many jobs give workers little choice when it comes to their working hours . 
  from what i hear some places in the us ( mainly call centers ) even micro-manage employees to the point of requiring toilet breaks to be deducted from their time-sheets so they do n't `` steal '' company time taking care of your bodily functions . 
  which just sounds insane and demeaning to me . 
  just ran a rough auto-translate on the article and he seem to be talking about paying to update international aviation codes if they also plan on changing the name of the airport . 
  they are currently using the old codes for the airport and he is saying something to the effect that the owner of the airport is the one who have to file the paperwork ( and pay ) to update the international airport code databases if they intend to change it . 
  bit of a red herring though , for example pulkovo airport in st. petersburg use led as it 's code because the city was called leningrad when it got it 's international code . 
  they never bothered to change the code , and there is no real reason for ukraine to change the code for their airport either , probably impossible for find a good descriptive 3 letter code that is not already used by now anyway . 
  well they have [ seals with toy guns ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/video/2015/may/09/russia-imperial-navy-seals-given-toy-guns-and-hats-video ) at least , it 's a work in progress . 
  ah , working hard to improve romania 's public image in europe i see . 
  dunno , when you start leaving nail bombs on buses i think it 's fair to call it terrorism , regardless of who did it and why . 
  what kind of winter tires though ? 
  when driving a heavy truck up here in the winter you sometimes need spiked tires and/or tire chains , a lot of your guys seem to neglect this and their `` winter tires '' are often worn to the point they might as well be using slicks . 
  many european countries did n't have constitutions back then ( some still do n't ) , instead basing their legal systems on ancient laws and customs . 
  you mainly saw constitutions being written by revolutionary governments and independence movements . 
  i assume to signal a `` clean break '' with the old ( even though a lot of old stuff get included ) . 
  i guess denmark having been a sovereign state for far longer did n't see a need to reform it 's legal system before much later . 
  the uk for example still does n't have a codified written down constitution , instead they have a nebulous cloud of court precedent , acts of parliament and so on making up the foundation of their laws as i understand it . 
  well finland did have to break out some metal to finally get a eurovision win so makes sense :p, 
  [ not a hoax from what i read ] ( http://www.bbc.com/sport/football/36297390 ) , they had a security drill at the stadium last week and apparently they did n't account for all their training devices and left one bomb looking thing behind when they wrapped up . 
  sounds like someone is getting a stern talking to . 
  i 'm going with coincidence considering that bomb turned out to be a training device some knuckleheads had left behind after a security drill at the stadium last week . 
  heck , i 'd vote for that . 
  the buzz around it is somewhat fun , i rarely go out of my way to watch it though , and i do n't really take it seriously as a song contest ( as in who has the objectively best song ) . 
  it 's all about who can stand out from crowd , having a really rally good song is one way , but let 's be real , how many eurovision songs go on to become great hits remembered for decades ? 
  a few yes , but the majority of songs are forgotten before the broadcast is even over . 
  voting have always been 80 % about political and cultural ties ( more so if the song was not in english ) , 10 % about the music and 10 % about how cool/outrageous the stage show was . 
  usually the winner will transcend boundaries and get high scores from everyone , but for the majority of songs that did n't grab people they just default to voting based on their opinion of the country . 
  i hear very little negative news from romania as such , most of the negativity around here is because we get buss-loads of people from romania ( not exclusively but a lot of people make the whole roma = romanian mistake which does n't help , and i do think a good majority of them do have romanian papers ) . 
  they tend to get a lot of negative press , most of them just beg or perform atrocious street music , but some also engage in burglary , pick pocketing and such . 
  it gets a lot of media attention at least ( probably disproportionately so , but news about marauding hordes of criminal foreigners sell i guess ) , especially when when mysterious `` eastern european '' cars have been spotted just as an area with no crime the last 10 years have a rush of 3-4 houses being broken into . 
  when that is all you tend to hear about people from a country it 's easy to get a negative impression . 
  lol , i 'm sure he pulled the brake before running , it 's not like trains are known for having short braking distances , each wheel have fairly low friction with the track , even if you lock the wheels it will slide a good distance . 
  even if you could come to an abrupt halt that would probably injure more passengers by throwing them forward than just smashing though a truck would , seems like they barely felt the impact itself ( but better safe than sorry ) . 
  not sure if the driver or the trucking company is to blame , but they sure do n't respect winter weather when driving up here , every winter the roads keep getting blocked by polish trucks on illegally poor tires who either get stuck at the bottom of a hill or in the ditch because they got no traction on icy roads . 
  russia is pre-order exclusive from < insert russian retailer  . 
  tea with milk sounds weird to me . 
  i mostly have my coffee black as well , but i tend to have a dab of milk in my instant-coffee to cover some of the ass taste . 
  ck2 have more faces in it , it 's more about the rulers than the nations . 
  close , crusader kings 2 . 
  [ how about a horse pope and emperor instead ? 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/e8wenw7.jpg ) ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ for ^ ^ the ^ ^ ck2 ^ ^ leakage, 
  huh , so it is , sneaky australians infiltrating russia :p, 
  i mean they do n't even trust their own people to fuel their own cars :p seriously though new jersey is probably the us state i 'm most familiar with having listened to a podcasts from a couple of guys there for 10 + years . 
  it 's a very diverse place , they got some of the absolutely worst cities in the us , but also lots of very safe and prosperous cities , often right next to each-other for some reason or other . 
  well it 's not all bad history ( unless you mean finland ) . 
  in the case of norway we have always had fairly civil relations with russia despite being a founding member of nato with a direct land border to them . 
  our ww2 experience where different than most of eastern europe . 
  the red army where actual liberators in our case , kicking the nazis out of northern norway , helping the locals until aid from the south could arrive ( nazis burned entire towns to the ground while retreating ) , and then returning home with no fuss once the dust settled . 
  so in future protests about whatever the city is doing will there be posters of kirk yelling `` khaaaaaaan ! '', 
  everywhere i wonder ? 
  entrapment is if undercover police solicit you to commit a crime if i 'm not mistaken . 
  doing something legal on the street and arresting people if they physically assault your guys does n't seem to quite fit that definition . 
  screw that attitude . 
  what the police should do is have a bunch of plain clothes guys and a fake tv team there on a regular basis . 
  anyone who attack anyone get swarmed and arrested , keep doing it until people can walk the streets without being harassed . 
  if people find police pretense on their streets provoking the answer is to put more police there imo . 
  being tolerant is all well and good , but there is such a thing as taking it too far , teach them to tolerate normal law and order . 
  it 's pretty much a shithole run by a strongman warlord who was willing to ally with russia to dispose of his rivals . 
  it 's russian in name only they do n't care much about russian law and russia does n't care what he does or how he keeps order as long as he keep the violence from spilling over into russia proper . 
  his family is from the caucasus region , nothing more detailed than that , but yeah . 
  the russian consulate was in contact with him but he refused consular help from them ( his family came as refugees , probably not fans of the russian government ) . 
  well we played a lot with explosives growing up , bundling cap gun charges or powder from fireworks or just regular firecrackers and stuff . 
  we just blew up sandcastles , lego models or set them off out in the woods though ( maybe the occasional mailbox , well not us but `` someone '' did ) , we sure as hell did n't strap and bunch of nails to them and leave them around in public though . 
  i get it 's her job but really annoyed by the defense lawyer trying to make it out to just be some kind of prank . 
  no when you start taping nails to explosive devices the intent is clearly to make a shrapnel bomb that will cause harm to people , the fact that he was incompetent in execution should not count more than his intention , the fact that he was a known radical only compound this . 
  some municipalities and stuff have tried to go all linux , they all ended up switching back , the operating costs and downtime was not worth paying less up front for the licenses . 
  i 'm not hating on linux , but people underestimate the cost of mostly having to do your own support and re-training all the staff . 
  if you want to dislodge ms from the office segment you need to make something that is extremely easy to learn and use , not just free/cheaper to acquire , your average user could not care less if the source code is available or not . 
  the idea of using an app to call a ride is nice and all , but lots of countries have regulations regarding commercial passenger transport that most uber drivers ignore . 
  uber itself is not really breaking the law i think , but anyone caught ferrying passengers for profit them without the proper licenses will loose their drivers license , have their car impounded and have all their profits confiscated , so bit of a risky way to make a buck . 
  the law could probably do with some some modernization to make it easier for regular mortals to get accredited ( without lowering safety standards for passengers ) , but just carrying on breaking the existing laws is not a good way to do business . 
  i 'm sure this will end up costing 3-4 times more than estimated too , cost overruns on big projects is not unique to germany . 
  do they communicate this to booking agents too i wonder ? 
  if they do n't take online bookings in the first place they probably do n't see much foreign business anyway . 
  was well into my 30s before i got into it , the milk mixed ones taste pretty good actually , but i needed something to stay awake at work because i 'm too stupid to get to bed early so started forcing down a cup , or two , or three of black coffee . 
  kinda become a habit , i still would n't say it taste good exactly but there is something about having that cup to sip on , and the caffeine addiction i guess . 
  the pick-me-up effect is probably mostly placebo , but whatever works . 
  does n't look good for the us to be bombing the middle east alone , has to look like a team effort . 
  on a more serious note : a defense alliance is kinda pointless if every member is only capable of fighting on their own territory . 
  `` yeah sure thing lithuania we 'll help , once they cross the german border we 'll show them ! '' . 
  not the best deterrent maybe ? 
  or you loose so much of your population you are reduced to a provincial backwater in a personal union with denmark for 400 years : /, 
  fight what ? 
  if you are worried the european race will go extinct because people do n't have kids fighting against immigration wo n't change that . 
  kicking out all immigrants wo n't magically raise the native birth rates . 
  [ sounds about right ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ) , did n't understand half of that . 
  so good attempt i assume :d, 
  `` how dare you say we are a threat , this is very unfriendly and now we need to move a bunch of troops closer to your border to answer this insult '' - russia probably . 
  based purely on merit probably not many places .
