  i 've certainly not heard all 8 verses performed in one go . 
  how many studies do people need to make on this nonsense . 
  stuff diluted to undetectable levels wo n't have any greater medical effect than tap water or placebo pills . 
  it 's your tax money to waste though i guess . 
  france have/had it 's imperial eagle too , assume they all `` inherited '' it from the holy roman empire who in turn tried to impersonate the original roman empire . 
  yeah , our local church is pretty much a baby , only 213 years old . 
  19th century scrub . 
  it is to make women feel safer taking the train alone obviously . 
  while they deny attacks on women in trains is a problem there is enough fud in general after huge media coverage of sexual assaults elsewhere that they do this to reassure people i guess . 
  a better way would have been to beef up presence of guards , but that would cost a lot more than sticking a `` women only '' label on a couple of carriages . 
  [ edrogan said they had sent one of the guys behind the belgian attack back to europe ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/brussels-attacks-president-erdogan-bomber-turkey-belgium-deported-isis-terrorist-terror-a6948341.html ) so technically it 's true  granted they deported him on suspicion of terrorist activity and assumed he would not just be turned loose when he got back to europe , so probably not the case the king had in mind . 
  we just treat `` 9/11 '' as the name of the event rater than a date , if you asked random europeans what date 9/11 happened on quite a lot would probably get it wrong , or at least need to think about it for a second . 
  hmm , never knew this existed , we barely even have bike lanes in most of this country . 
  the royal family have zero influence on day to day government policy . 
  the king can in theory veto approving a government , that 's about it , and it 's extremely unlikely to happen . 
  their job is to host visiting dignitaries , cut ribbons and stay as far away from controversial issues as possible . 
  they need to know how much money you have to be able to tax you fairly . 
  you may think taxes too high , but cash or not cash is a separate issue , saying we need cash just so we can evade taxes seems a bit strange . 
  vote for politicians who want to lower taxes instead if that is your concern . 
  banks closing most of their `` brick and mortar '' locations most weekdays is a business decision due to lack of demand rater than government policy . 
  i can still deposit cash in my local bank , assuming i can get there between 10 and 16 ( or whatever it is ) the one day of the week they are open for actual banking ( think they still have a safety deposit box also ) . 
  i do n't particularly have a problem with it . 
  all very convenient . 
  yeah they know how much money we have , tax returns are auto filled and is generally a one click process unless you have corrections to make . 
  may seem like big brother nightmare to some , but we have a high degree of trust in our government . 
  helps being a small country i guess , you do n't quite get the same ivory tower political elite that is completely disconnected from the general population . 
  well we have two slightly different official written languages , neither of which really sound a lot like how most people actually talk . 
  one is basically tweaked danish thanks to 400 years of union with them and the other that is based on a select few dialects the creator of the language considered particularly norwegian and it 's then been revised over the years to become closer and closer to the first . 
  when it comes to spoken language every region have it 's own distinct dialects , with every minor town and hamlet within that region having it 's own subset of somewhat similar but distinct dialects , to the point where an expert can pinpoint with great accuracy where a speaker is from ( with more mobility these days it 's getting a bit watered out though ) . 
  i 'm not an expert on the grammar and stuff , i hear there is some tricky stuff ( depending on what language you come from i suppose ) , i know my grades in norwegian grammar at school was horrible , but i completely suck at all formal grammar stuff ( oh god i regret taking german as elective language ) , i just learn what `` sounds right '' with experience . 
  i think europe is keenly aware of the threats , but unlike turkey they are not ( yet anyway ) prepared to sacrifice democracy and rule of law to combat it , and hopefully it will never come to that despite the best efforts of some politicians . 
  terrorism is not an existential threat , the comparatively few lives lost to extremist actions in the future is a price well worth paying to maintain the rights and freedoms so many more have died in the past fighting for us to obtain . 
  while germans are generally well regarded there are two things that are not so great about them : 1 ) they drive their motor-homes too damn slow . 
  stop gawking at the mountains and keep to the speed limit , i know it 's not the autobahn , but it 's not that bad surely . 
  i need to get to work , the road is to narrow to pass you and you are going 20 bellow the limit  _ < 2 ) they do n't always respect the natural hazards . 
  i know you only have a limited time here , and you want to make the most of it , but do n't head into the mountains in light clothing or out to sea in a little dingy if there is a storm coming . 
  someone have to go looking for your corpse once it clears up and it 's just no fun for anyone . 
  none of the above are exclusive to germans , but they tend to be the most numerous . 
  it 's not really acceptance of gaydom though , they are just turned on by seeing sexy women doing sexy things , many still think lesbians are just confused and if they get some real d they can be `` turned '' etc. 
  well the boys look kinda young i guess . 
  seems like it , whenever this comes up in online discussions some greeks will always jump in and be super salty that someone dared saying macedonia and not referring to the greek province , or the ancient kingdom . 
  as i understand it they feel fyrom is trying to appropriate ancient greek heritage , because while the territory was inside the borders of ancient macedonia the kingdom was ruled by greek people ( alexander the great ) , so they feel greece have some kind of exclusive right to that name . 
  parts of spain is full of norwegian pensioners too , it 's more because the relative cost of living means their pensions last longer , and the warmer climate helps their acing limbs . 
  they have apparently so thoroughly colonized some areas that they complain about the `` foreigners '' if a spanish family move into their neighborhood . 
  seems straight froward enough once i got my head around why the cards where in the wrong lanes . 
  [ i understood that reference !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqgso8_crio ), 
  so would hermaphrodites be allowed to vote in ancient greece then ? 
  asking the important questions here . 
  no more than hamlet is a danish story i think ( though the themes are somewhat universal ) . 
  the peasants are revolting !, 
  well he 's not all wrong , libya was mainly an european adventure . 
  our governments lined up to bomb gaddaffi ( and i do n't particularly disagree with the stated justification for that at the time ) , but they completely botched the follow up leaving warring factions to duke it out in his absence , and now isis is gaining a foodhold there . 
  the us have made that mistake in the past , but we ca n't pin this one on them . 
  well if the victims friends are still minors ... would seem sensible to at least expel the guy from the school . 
  if they are employed by a norwegian company i think the tariffs still apply , at least the unions throw a fit whenever someone is trying to undercut their members using cheap foreign labor ( equal pay for equal work and all that ) . 
  i believe there is a loophole if they are employed by a company registered in their home country and then just contract that company to do a job . 
  generally the workers get room and board ( barracks near a construction site or whatever ) and send all the money home because the pay itself is not actually enough to live on here . 
  i really do not understand what possible justification they think they have for this trial . 
  even if the charge is true , directing fire at an enemy position in wartime would hardly be considered a crime . 
  the fact that two russian journalists where at that post would not have been know to them and , well if journalists embed themselves with combat units near the front they where taking a big risk . 
  if anything this would set an uncomfortable precedent considering russian forces have bombed aid workers employed by wester ngos in syria on several occasions . 
  while it 's sound advice as a temporary measure to warn people about going alone in a dangerous area it 's also a declaration of failure if the police also does n't immediately beef up patrols in said areas to make them safe again . 
  it 's not just an age issue sadly , on average the general population does n't understand these things very well either , and the overlap between tech experts and people who pursue a political career is not very large . 
  politicians have never been expected to have real world expertise in the areas they debate , they are supposed to bring in experts to advise them , but more often than not that takes a back-seat to political agendas . 
  that is up to their home country . 
  the host ca n't revoke immunity , just declare someone unwanted . 
  recently a south-african diplomat caused a head on collision in oslo due to reckless ( and possibly drunk ) driving , he had also previously been stopped suspected of drunk driving , but they where unable to test him as he invoked immunity . 
  police requested he be stripped of immunity , but the sa diplomatic office choose instead to recall him and open a disciplinary case back home . 
  not entirely sure what became of him , but i do n't think he 'll be winning the employee of the mount award for causing such an incident . 
  but a lot of the 1 % often pay very little actual income tax . 
  they know the system inside out ( or hire people who do ) and by owning a bunch of companies that actually hold the money and shuffling debt around a lot of billionaires have 0 income on paper . 
  they have capital gains , properties and such instead that are taxed far less . 
  it 's almost as if they triggered an escalation , who would have guessed it ... 
  both groups claim to intend to just be a presence on the streets to deter crimes , but have to wonder how long that will last . 
  the fact that some politicians praised the odin group makes me cringe , we do n't need opposing vigilante groups . 
  the whole `` just be on the streets to deter crimes '' is already being done by the neutral '' [ night ravens ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natteravnene ) '' group , these ideologically motivated street patrol groups just serve to provoke tensions and should frankly be banned imho . 
  * [ google translation ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.vg.no%2fnyheter%2finnenriks%2fodins-soldater%2fislamister-mobiliserer-mot-odins-soldater%2fa%2f23624528%2f&amp;edit-text= ), 
  any livestock projectiles involved ? 
  from what i can gather from other posts here and the google translate it was not a private one on one conversation . 
  they where in a group chat and one or more of the other kids told their parents ( and either they reported it further or one of the parents was the minister , it 's a bit unclear ) . 
  so not government surveillance as such , they just got kids ratting on their peers for `` unturkish activities '' or whatever you want to call it . 
  not sure what the rules are or how they change over time , back in 1988 norway had a song about the moscow summit and glasnost that did quite well . 
  very much about current events and politics , though in a hopeful and positive way , rater than a `` this leader sucks '' kind of deal . 
  india also have a heck of a lot more money to throw at things like that . 
  while they have a huge amount of poor uneducated people the top end of indian education is very good and the sheer scale of their budgets are pretty crazy . 
  seem to be the thing to do , do you guys have special riot insurance for cars ? 
  she have re-tweeted government critical news articles ( not written by her ) on a few occasions , guess that 's what they did n't like . 
  hey , greenland belonged to norway when we entered the kalmar union , somewhere along the way a danish king transfered it to the danish crown instead so they kept it when they let norway go . 
  sensationalism sells , so probably not going to happen , journalistic integrity is a rare commodity and those that stick to it are rarely rewarded . 
  people would do well to remember that the more outrageous the headline sounds the more important it is to take a critical look at the details . 
  well i do n't tend to do a lot of flag waving , even during our national day , but i 'm not immune to that strange swelling feeling of pride when the national anthem is played during victory ceremonies in sport and such . 
  i tend to perk up whenever my country is mentioned in international news and i 'm genuinely proud of many aspects of my country , i think there are objectively more good than bad , and will defend it from what i see as ill-informed criticism , but i do n't think everything is perfect or anything . 
  i do tend to take a cynical view towards anyone who feel the need to explicitly label themselves as patriots ( or even worse label others as un-patriotic ) though , waving flags and chanting is well and good during sporting events , but when it comes to political rallies it tend to make me cringe . 
  and in typical fashion the would-be-thief will be released shortly as he 's been previously declared insane and ca n't be held accountable for any crime , but he 's apparently also too healthy to forcibly institutionalize ... 
  i 'm 99 % sure you could have just told them you where moving abroad permanently and avoided having to look over your shoulder for the mp , it 's really not that hard to get out of the service if you have a somewhat good reason , especially not back then when the budget was at a record low and they only called a small fraction of the potential recruits anyway . 
  results may [ vary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcmauwpa-5o&amp;t=30s ) , 
  it would depend on who you spoke to . 
  written norwegian bokm\u00e5l is basically a slightly tweaked version of danish so no wonder that is understandable , but spoken norwegian would depend on the dialect . 
  there are some dialects we can barely understand ourselves :p,
