  immigration and asylum is ( or is supposed to be ) two entirely different things . 
  if someone came to the country as a refugee and never sought to upgrade their status to permanent resident or citizen , then they will get kicked out if the basis for their asylum is no longer present ( home country is now safe or whatever ) . 
  being granted asylum is not supposed to be a permanent thing in it 's own right . 
  if you immigrated as skilled labor or things like that your `` victim '' status is irrelevant , then it 's based on merit ( employment status and/or enough assets to pay your own way etc. ), 
  and your connection to the new country ( marriage , children etc ) . 
  age of criminal responsibility in denmark is 15 , it also does n't specify what exactly they where found guilty of , may just be stuff like `` conspiracy to commit murder '' , `` accomplice to murder '' and such , which seem reasonable if they where both clearly implicated but cover for each other and refuse to reveal who did the actual deed . 
  i 'm no legal expert though . 
  despite living in a fairly rural place i must admit i would seriously consider an electric car ( or at least hybrid ) if i had not just bought a new disel car a couple of years ago ( back when the government actively encouraged this as an environmental option ) . 
  they have installed a couple of charging stations at my place of work now which makes it a lot more viable for 90 % of my driving . 
  i guess by the time i 'm in the market for a new car again all the benefits afforded electric cars will be abolished . 
  it 's already started , since there are so many of them now politicians are wanting to remove to scale back on a lot of the perks and tax benefits in place ( access to bus lanes , free parking , no toll on toll roads etc. 
  apparently a lot of time is wasted keeping up appearances rater than working . 
  japanese working hours are not too bad in theory , but they have this insane corporate culture where if you want a shot at getting promoted you ca n't be seen leaving work before the boss , so lots of office workers just sit around far into the evening doing no actual work , but afraid to go home at the end of their actual shift for fear they will be labeled as lazy . 
  i agree actually . 
  i generally have fond memories of the recruit times , as much as some of it sucked . 
  as clich\u00e9 as it sounds , it 's character building and stuff . 
  as long as it 's purely for national defense i do n't really have any problem with conscription . 
  if the law permits conscripts to be deployed on military adventures abroad i 'm less of a fan . 
  leave that to volunteer career soldiers . 
  they already have multiple independence factions to deal with , ca n't afford to overextend more . 
  well indoor skiing is a thing , a tad more expensive to build and maintain though . 
  not too surprising , artificial snow is still just frozen water particles same as real snow . 
  it 's used to compensate for lack of natural precipitation , if the temperature is above freezing it wo n't work . 
  it 's present in norwegian too , but only as part of compound words related to navy stuff `` orlogskaptein '' , orlogsskip '' and `` orlogsflagg '' for example , for everything else `` krig '' is used . 
  they keep telling us that at work too , but to be fair it 's because the air-conditioning system works poorly if half the windows in the offices are wide open ( keeps trying to cool the outside world so some rooms almost freeze and condensation starts dripping form the air-ducts ) . 
  i suppose it 's a bit of cultural lag . 
  majority of the population have not lived in well paved cities for more than a couple of generations . 
  climate is such that it 's often wet , muddy or covered in snow a lot of the time . 
  and people often have carpeting that do n't clean easily in their living room , a door mat does n't do much for a wet , muddy boot , so the polite thing to do is to take your outside boots off when visiting peoples homes , even if they are dry and clean . 
  it 's just homes though , work , school , stores and any kind of public place you leave your shoes on inside . 
  those places will have some kind of plain-easy to clean floor and a dedicated cleaning staff washing the floors each day . 
  main celebration ( christmas dinner ( served late in the evening ) and gift giving ) happens on christmas eve ( 24th ) , which is actually just a `` half-holiday '' for workers ( schools usually have the whole christmas week off ) , many people do take the whole day off ( or more if traveling ) , but only the later bit of the day is a public holiday so lots of people go to work but then leave early . 
  christmas day ( 25th ) is a public holiday , usually there will be multiple social visits , doing the rounds visiting friends and family for a bit of coffee and cakes and then usually a dinner party again in the evening ( usually with a bigger group , christmas eve being more for close family ) . 
  well it 's a combination of the short days and rain that annoy me . 
  it 's all dark and dank all the time . 
  maybe not so bad in the city ( and you guys in bergen are a bit `` special '' about rain anyway :p ) but out here when it 's overcast it 's literally pitch black until about 9 in the morning and from ~ 16:00 in the evening , and most of the day is pretty gray too . 
  i mean i 'm not an outdoor person anyway so i can deal with it , but i 'd much rater have a bit of snow . 
  nothing special happened . 
  they where not norwegian citizens , they had no legal residency and their asylum application was denied , this means they would be required to leave the country , standard procedure really . 
  obviously in hindsight it was rather naive to conclude that there where no grounds to grant asylum . 
  yes chechens may not be persecuted in general , but these individuals where political dissidents and it was frankly stupid to assume russia would protect them from their chechen allies . 
  there seem to be a tendency for the system to not handle threatened individuals very well unless they are very high profile . 
  persecuted groups are much easier , and the main work is generally just verifying that people are who they claim to be and belong to x group . 
  not just christmas , winter without snow is just so ... dark , and usually wet . 
  feels like it 's been raining for bloody months now , or at least been overcast . 
  we had some flooding earlier , but it 's back to normal so i guess it 's not literally raining all the time , but it 's pretty darn frequent and everything seems to be constantly wet . 
  i 'll take some nice dry cold weather any day over 2-4 degrees with and fog and rain all the time . 
  snow is no big issue , unless some insane amount come down all at once , they are good about keeping the roads clear . 
  i like snow , snow covered landscape is beautiful and a lot brighter . 
  now it 's all dead brown , and usually soggy vegetation . 
  looks like everyone have been accounted for . 
  9 people have been hospitalized , including two children who have serious injuries . 
  additional 37 houses have been evacuated . 
  local emergency declared and additional medical personnel are flying in from the mainland . 
  [ edit  one person confirmed dead now ( male age 40 ) . 
  think we are good on the lake count already ~ 450.000 vs your ~ 187,888 ( may depend on how you choose to define a lake , those are the numbers that keep coming up though ) . 
  your lakes do cover a much larger area though , most norwegian lakes are just small mountain lakes connected by small streams or rivers , while large swaths of finland are basically one giant lake with islands liberally sprinkled throughout . 
  their independence was from russia , sweden controlled a good portion of it before then but lost it to russia in some war or other . 
  they where never under norway , this mountain business is just one suggestion that have come up as a potential gift in honor of their 100th independence day . 
  norway and denmark was in a personal union for hundreds of year after sweden broke out of the [ kalmar union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kalmar_union ) . 
  denmark-norway and sweden fought on different side in the napoleon war , the danish king had sided with napoleon and was made to transfer norway to the swedish king as part of the peace deal after napoleon was defeated . 
  norway then declared independence form sweden , they did n't agree and went to war . 
  compromise was made , norway remained in union under the swedish king but got to keep their 1814 constitution . 
  then in 1905 the union was dissolved peacefully resulting in norwegian independence . 
  sadly it was also a dysfunctional mess in the 90s so a lot of people came to associate the pro-western period with economic and political chaos , corruption and humiliatingly bad leadership and it 's not something they want a return to . 
  i think that 's mostly because american politics is essentially a plutocracy . 
  the only way to get high political office is to be rich or be good as sucking up to other rich and powerful people . 
  so even representatives from a minority group will have next to no common ground with the common people and likely just care about the same business interests as the rest of their peers . 
  your unrest is happening on the streets because there are no other outlets . 
  having absolutely no context i would assume it was supposed to be a symbolic going a way present . 
  it 's pretty common , at least here , that the ministers of the previous government get flowers and stuff when they pack up and leave the government offices . 
  so i guess he was supposed to be symbolic of `` your time is up '' or something like that . 
  yeah , at one point in time the saying might have been close to true since the romans where big on road construction and most of their highways radiated from rome , but it 's been a while since then . 
  he 's meming right for us !, 
  \\* blam \\* you all saw that , it was self defense !, 
  do n't think the turks `` panicked '' , they have been warning russia about violations of their airspace for ages , they where itching to make an example of the next violator . 
  this was turkey punctuating a principle : you do n't take shortcuts though turkish airspace without permission , no matter how brief the incursion , they never mentioned seeing the plane as a direct threat as such . 
  they had been tracking the plane for a while and where ready to pounce once it crossed the border knowing the plane would be in turkish airspace very briefly , they did not have time to intercept and escort it , only shoot the second it violated the border ( after it ignored multiple warnings not to do so ) . 
  saw some `` expert '' claim intelligence agencies are fumbling in the blind because terrorists have started using encryption ... not sure what the point of all this surveillance is then , and even if you ban encryption like some troglodytes want it 's not like that will actually stop anyone from using it . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  send a swat team to anyone who open a vpn connection on the assumption that they are terrorists ? 
  did n't edrogan already change the national drink to ayran ( i mean it is probably healthier , i 'll give him that ) . 
  not just polish , back when i was growing up it was a pretty common way of dubbing stuff to norwegian as well . 
  especially `` cheap '' children 's shows . 
  one of the traditionally shown tv movies they show every christmas is still a [ czech/german cinderella version dubbed in that style ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbav5gyyw0m&amp;t=6m30s ) subtitles with original voices is the dominant way of consuming foreign movies and tv though , although stuff aimed at very young children still get dubbed , but these days they at least have voice actors for every character . 
  reminds me of this gem : '' [ renekton is french ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eflpyim-suc ) '', 
  we got some gnarly roads in norway too , like [ trollstigen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k6o5rhek7c ) ( not super narrow really , just lots of sharp turns and you really do n't want to go off road ) . 
  only a fraction of the capacity on the huge backbone fibers are used for internet , the rest is leased out for virtual private lines . 
  you just need to hook up from your site to the nearest node . 
  you pay for x amount of capacity from a to b and they dedicate that bandwidth to only you ( unlike the `` best effort '' routing on the internet ) . 
  someone who does n't care about dying in the process . 
  most soldiers do n't carry weapons when at their home barracks during peacetime . 
  a surprise attack can easily do some damage before the guard force can mobilize to counter it . 
  yeah the attacker wo n't be walking out again , but in case you have n't noticed there are plenty of nutcases that are more than happy to strap explosives to themselves and blow up a market full of innocent people , taking out a couple of soldiers before going down would be considered more than worth it by some . 
  suspect it 's a stunt from the ukrainian internet party , they had [ darth vader running from president in the last election ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/mar/31/ukraine-darth-vader-president-internet-party ) . 
  nice consolation price after he not only failed to get elected , but was even [ denied the right to vote ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2014/10/27/the-real-loser-in-ukraines-election-darth-vader/ ) :p, 
  the point is being in sweden i would assume , contrary to popular belief they do n't accept just anyone . 
  most of the illegals do not qualify for asylum or residency , and would get deported if they stayed in the system . 
  i was expecting more hair-color . 
  forgot this was not from tumblr .
