  how often did you log back in to check ? 
  it was the democrats election to loose though and they did so spectacularly . 
  they had a hard on for another `` first '' achievement , took it for granted it was hillarys turn , but they completely failed to set the agenda , the whole election was just about trump trump trump and how to defeat trump and so on and how even if you hated hillary you had to vote for her because trump . 
  they sabotaged other candidates to get her in but mostly just peached to the converted and hoped fear of trump would bring the swing voters her way . 
  it did n't . 
  it came down to a race of lesser evils and shocking as it may seem a lot of voters figured that was trump ( not a majority , but enough to win the electoral votes ) . 
  i 've been hearing all my life the world will be a better place when the old clueless people die off and the young progressive people take over . 
  i 'm getting close to 40 years old now , starting to think it 's not quite that easy . 
  well yeah if flooding the network connection cause the whole appliance to reboot that 's just bad design . 
  you loose connection to it but it should keep doing whatever it was doing even if it ca n't `` call home '' or whatever . 
  all network units drop excessive traffic , problem is there is no way of knowing what is `` real '' traffic and what is junk without processing the packets so real traffic gets dripped too , that is what a dos attack is in the first place . 
  noting is getting fried by a dos attack , it 's just denial of service by keeping the target unit so busy handling junk packets that regular traffic ca n't get though before it time out . 
  meh , big empires are overrated ( unless you are playing a grand strategy game ) . 
  too much work , we settled on becoming 3 of the best countries to live in instead . 
  they are free and independent , but someone own and control those media companies , i assume that is what he meant . 
  \u9a5a\u4eba according to google translate , think it may have auto corrected it to `` incredible '' first though . 
  the homeless beggars are usually just summer tourists in northern europe , they `` fly '' south for the winter . 
  i guess air-fare is slightly more expensive than chartering a buss though , so probably wo n't be a major issue . 
  yeah not a fan , they used to do this in norway for for older stuff . 
  somehow an [ czechoslovak/east german adaptation of cinderalla ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/t\u0159i_o\u0159\u00ed\u0161ky_pro_popelku ) with voice-over dubbing has become a beloved holiday tradition here though , it 's aired on christmas eve every year since 1975 , they even had it digitally remastered ( but kept the voice-over dub ) . 
  this guy have been living in norway as a resident for some time , so i hardly think he consider prison a step up . 
  also at the very least he will get deported for violating the terms of his residence permit , assuming he can dodge the extradition request from ukraine . 
  mostly because the organizer is the european broadcasting union . 
  except romania , or have they gotten back in by now ? 
  nothing legible , i assume it 's the tip of an euro note ( they are piggy banks ) . 
  they got actual airbases in syria though , so it 's hardly needed . 
  i guess the crews get some actual training this way , but mostly for show i 'd say . 
  i lived at home till i was like 35 ( spent a few years away as a student though ) , so bit of an outlier . 
  i suspect that figure is increasing though because housing is getting really freaking expensive in some places . 
  lots of people still move out young but they are in debt up to their ears because of it . 
  it 's also a culture thing , getting your own place is supposed to be some rite of passage to adulthood . 
  always felt super awkward talking about where i lived as i started getting older . 
  russia should built some grand inland channels so they can move fleets between the north sea , baltic sea and black sea without having to risk sailing past all these nasty nato countries . 
  think of all the job creation !, 
  get multiple better ssds then put them in raid 0 :p, 
  this triggers charlemagne . 
  about the same here , they have been `` streamlining '' the police force which basically means close down all the local offices and beef up a central station with a larger coverage area and ( in theory ) more roaming patrols . 
  depending on where the roaming car is they could have up to an hour response time at night in rural areas . 
  granted there is virtually no crime here either , so it 's mostly a `` what if '' issue . 
  occasionally we get some `` crime tourists '' coming though to take advantage of the non-existing police presence , but mostly the worst you get is the neighbor having a party and shooting off illegal fireworks at 3 in the morning ( i 'm usually awake anyway so not too bothered by it ) . 
  if you do n't do a lot of trade with them not much , but they can get quite petty . 
  there are rarely any official sanctions , but they make things very hard for businesses and diplomats from offending countries . 
  taking extra long to inspect food imports so it spoils , `` loosing '' paperwork , never answering visa applications etc. 
  i think norway is still in their black book over the nobel price going to a chinese democracy activist and our ambassador is 5 years overdue for a replacement now , but they do n't dare send a new one because it 's assumed china will not acknowledge him . 
  the river borders are different though , those particular borders are simply defined as running along the middle of a river . 
  as the river shift so does the border ( as long as it 's just natural fluctuations at least ) . 
  norway have also negotiated over disputed territory on multiple occasions , this is also not considered splitting off parts of the country however as those areas where not formally part of the country before the negotiations ( i guess ) . 
  dunno , maybe they could have found an acceptable `` loophole '' if they really tried , but someone in the opposition might have asked for an independent constitutional hearing on the issue and so they figured it was n't worth the hassle . 
  it 's very easy to argue that some particularly bad individuals `` deserve to die '' . 
  however it 's important to take a step back and not let emotions rule , the criminal justice system should not be about `` revenge '' and choosing who live or die . 
  when you start removing basic rights like the right to life from individuals you dislike it gets easier to chip away at other rights as well down the line as whoever happens to be in power find them inconvenient . 
  something something free press . 
  abdicating just means the current monarch `` retire '' before his death . 
  it does n't mean the monarchy ended , he just passed the crown on to his son while still alive . 
  yeah , if you know ahead of time a younger heir would make a better ruler you can just set the older up for a church career to disqualify him , but sadly you ca n't ship them off to be a bishop or monk once they are married . 
  seem they claim that poland no longer existed as a nation after the nazi invasion , so you see they did n't invade poland , they just annexed some adjacent no-mans land in former polish territory that they felt they had a claim on anyway . 
  ca n't invade a non-existing nation after all , devil is in the details and all that . 
  the permanent members where on the winning side of wwii and set the terms for creating the un , they where the dominant powers , fair representation had nothing to do with it . 
  crazies use what they can get find i guess , at least it was n't an assault rifle . 
  countries can always afford more military , until they ca n't and then they collapse because nothing else where getting funding . 
  does help when you have a domestic weapons industry though , a bit of the spending goes back into the economy , at least in theory . 
   it 'll all be around 4 to -3 celsius . 
  how cold is that doubt rome at least will be that cold . 
  depends on humidity , and wind though . 
  it 's not terribly cold ( inside of a refrigerator is usually between 1 - 5 celsius , depending on setting and location , water freeze at 0 ) , but if you are going to be outside for any length of time ( walking around town on foot etc. ), 
  in those temperatures and stay comfortable i 'd say you would want a decent `` outside '' jacket/coat . 
  probably also some light gloves and something to keep the ears warm ( knit cap/headband/hood from coat , whatever ) . 
  especially since you are not used to cold weather . 
  stores and restaurants will be heated obviously so no need to go full polar explorer for city walks . 
  also get an umbrella and some semi-water-resistant clothes . 
  european winters often get more wet than cold these days . 
  ah right . 
  huh , i though erdogan announced that he had dropped all these lawsuits after the coup-attempt to focus on purging gulenists instead , was that just the domestic ones ? 
  when it does break they will have a heck of a time finding a replacement that can read the old discs though . 
  unless they just use it to print receipts or run some calculations or something . 
  guess they can make an image of whatever software they use and run a c64 emulator on their phone in a pinch though :p, 
  some parts , others are dead against , and turkey have not not met the conditions in either case . 
  under erdogan the country have only increasingly moved further and further away from implementing the necessary reforms . 
  not exactly sure how boris expect to either convince the eu to relax their membership criteria or convince turkey to suddenly implement all the necessary reforms . 
  i 'm pretty sure edrogan for one have no interest in joining the eu ( some better economic ties sure , but actual membership , doubt it ) and just use the `` eu does n't want us '' mantra for internal politics . 
  do n't think canning was traditionally a big thing here ( other than making some jams ) . 
  we have some regional variants of fermented cabbage ( `` sauerkraut '' ) . 
  whole apples can be stored for a long time in a cold dark root cellar , same with potatoes and various root vegetables , and some cabbages can be `` grown '' over winter ( as in they do n't wither , they either stay alive or get frozen solid , either way you can harvest and eat them as needed ) . 
  most winter foods would be dried and/or smoked meats and fish . 
  further north it would reliably be bellow freezing all winter so you just needed a food store that kept animals out and your food would be nice and frozen all winter . 
  ugh , i was a huge transformers nerd growing up but these new movies just makes me cringe . 
  i ca n't even turn off my brain and enjoy them on a silly popcorn action level because they just butcher pretty much everything i used to like about the franchise . 
  they do work occasionally . 
  well all of the ones we have gotten so far are grounded currently due to bugs with the fuel system , but you know ... those where only training planes anyway . 
  well the servers mostly work now . 
  the game is shit , but combined with ingres it 's giving me a vague incentive to go outside and hit up some portals / pokestops occasionally , or walk some km to hatch an egg or wahtever . 
  so i keep it around for that since i exercise far too little as it is . 
  many billionaires will be listed with 0 taxable income though . 
  you can do quite a lot within the law to eliminate income tax if you own a couple of companies abroad , and keep most of your assets in stock portfolios and such . 
  they will pay some tax somewhere if they cash in some stock and there is still vat and such but it 's taxed way less than regular salaries . 
  transparency mostly i think , also it 's not the actual tax return in full you can look up . 
  just the sum of taxable income and the amount paid in tax . 
  i guess you can deduce how many deductions they got but no any particulars . 
  may just be part of the whole scandinavian tendency to treat religion as a very private issue . 
  even if someone is religious to some extent they will very rarely talk about it in mixed company .
