  sd cards are garbage . 
  we use them for some solid state mini-computers at work used to monitor remote equipment ( arm processor , running linux ) , and the failure rate is quite appalling , it 's extremely common for the file system to get corrupted or outright `` die '' and we have to ship new sd cards around , now granted they could probably have been made better , they where thrown-together in-house and some daemons where not disabled in the default disk-image so they keep writing useless log-files and stuff that wear them out faster than necessary , but still . 
  that 's pretty much the only thing though , they are cutting ( sorry re-structuring ) in all other areas to fit the f35s into the budget , but those wo n't all be operational at once , they will trickle in 2-3 new planes per year for the next 10 years . 
  there is a very weak correlation between money spent and actual military power . 
  like when they spent billions on those new 5 new frigates some years back , but only 1-2 are actually active because they did n't buy spare parts or sign any maintenance agreement on them , so they have had to strip parts from the other ships to keep a couple running . 
  stupid gits . 
  then all states are failed by default , completely preventing all attacks are completely impossible , even if you go full police state and put snipers on every roof someone can still go under the radar and kill a couple of people before you can stop them , as long as they are willing to die in the process . 
  obviously security measures are necessary , you should be able to at least stop most major plots , but the only way to get real safety is to get to the root of the problem and stop the spread of radical ideologies before they infect more people . 
  `` brigade de recherche et d'intervention '' ( [ research and intervention brigade ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/research_and_intervention_brigade ) in english ) , french special police unit that investigate serious crimes and also maintain a swat-like strike force . 
  i do n't recall any moves to actually join the eu have ever come under his leadership in the first place . 
  he want trade access i 'm sure , but agreeing to any kind of reforms required for actual membership would be anathema to him . 
  well there are always 3 . party candidates , they may not win , but if people voted for them instead of not at all it would bring down the overall % of votes the two big candidates got , a 3 . party vote is not wasted , only a vote you do n't cast is wasted . 
  yeah some norwegians do that too , all up in arms about immigrants who wo n't integrate and learn the language , and then they spend 9 months of the year in a norwegian colony in spain watching norwegian television , reading norwegian newspapers and eating imported norwegian food . 
  but they are just tourists see , even if they own property and spend most of their time there , so if some spaniards wo n't bend over backwards to cater to them that 's rude ( at least they pay their own way , even if it is using norwegian welfare money , or pensions ) . 
  once people take to rioting no amount of official reports will placate them . 
  those people do n't trust the police any further than they can throw them and any report that exonerates them are just obvious lies . 
  well since he had no criminal record or terrorist links i would guess just legally buying one would be an option . 
  guns are not outlawed in germany as i understand it , if you are determined and smart about it and do n't have any criminal record or official psychiatric diagnosis you can probably jump though all the hoops required to get a limited competition shooting license for example . 
  does n't seem to be the case here since he did n't have a permit though . 
  i keep getting down-voted when i ask this , but what exactly is preventing the us from reducing it 's defense budget ( other than the whole iraq disaster begin a drain for decades ) if they think it 's too damn high ? 
  maybe europe have become complacent by having he overwhelming us power at their back , but rater than bitch about it why not just scale back us spending then ? 
  europe would then have to step up to fill the gap or be seriously exposed . 
  i do agree europe should be primarily responsible for their own defense , but it seems to me the us is mainly ramping up their defense spending on their own accord in order to maintain a worldwide presence for their own purposes either way . 
  all of europe spending 3.5 % as well would not translate into any reduction of the us budget imho . 
  sure they could re-allocate some troops to asia or the middle east instead , but if the concern is spending i find it unlikely that would change much . 
  as the articles says , they are out of a job . 
  for now at least . 
  [ operation himmler ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_himmler ) however was a real thing . 
  nazi undercover operatives staged multiple attacks on german targets from poland , killing a few germans and leaving executed prisoners dressed in polish uniforms behind . 
  goal was to create a pretext to take `` defensive '' action against polish aggression . 
  it was undeniably effective . 
  the problem with solders vs civilians is that the military do n't tend to have a lot of riot gear , if the crowds are defiant in the face of warning shots their only options are to either back down or start shooting indiscriminately at the crowds with live ammo until they disperse . 
  thankfully most soldiers are somewhat reluctant to shoot at their own civilian population , so when it became apparent that lots of people where ignoring the curfews and blocking their path they lost their fighting spirit . 
  fighting armed government loyalists is one thing , but mowing down unarmed civilians was not something most where prepared to do and most seem to have opted to stand down rater than engage in a massacre . 
  welp , guess erdogan did n't purge the military throughly enough . 
  hope this does n't devolve too much , really not a fan of erdogan , but i 'd have preferred a less violent `` solution '' , he does have significant public support and this seems to keep happening in turkey , a lot of people in rural areas really do not want secular government . 
  they need to beef up education . 
  having a coup every few decades whenever islamists start gaining power is not ideal . 
  they also ran the country into the ground with corruption and poor governance . 
  if they had a somewhat functional country they would not be so weakened by political crisis and separatism that just walking in an and annexing part of the country unopposed would ever be an option . 
  got ta love those traditional values ... 
  values need renewing every once in a while . 
  otherwise norwegian values would still involve pillaging coastal villages and taking slaves , times change , not everything old is good . 
  he is not saying he want scotland independent , he is saying he does n't support regional governments bypassing their national governments and try directly negotiating with eu . 
  i do n't think nato have ever had the ambition to actually stop a soviet/russian surprise invasion right on the border . 
  that would require massive fortifications and keeping border countries at a war footing at all times . 
  if tensions increase to a point where an actual invasion becomes likely troop deployments will presumably be increased accordingly and the main deterrent of nato have always been that attacking one member will trigger a war with all , not nessesarily that any given nato country have impenetrable defenses . 
  well if the us public follow the same protest vote logic and end up electing trump even if they did n't mean to nato might well be the next thing breaking apart . 
  yeah in some cases it 's borderline silly . 
  recall a case recently where a us teacher ( non eu/eea/shengen citizen ) was getting kicked out because her work visa required her to have 100 % employment . 
  we have a shortage of teachers , but she was unable to get a 100 % position in any of the local schools for some reason , so instead she got two 50 % positions in two different schools , but this was apparently not good enough ( visa says she need a full time position , not multiple part time ones , even if they add up to the same hours as a full time position ) so they kicked her out . 
  nah , things constantly change , sometimes for the worse for a while , but nothing is constant and on the whole things tend to improve as long as people do n't settle for the status quo . 
  just in my lifetime the world have changed in so many ways it 's kinda mind-boggling , and even if there is a downswing every once in a while it does n't mean it 's a trend that will carry on forever . 
  is it just me or have erdo\u011fan 's advisors kicked their ass licking into overdrive lately ? 
  ok so not all eu regulations apply to eea countries ( makes sense ) , but the ones that do we generally implement in short order . 
  while some negotiations take place we do n't really have much say about the eea regulations either , though granted most are non-controversial . 
  implementing non-eea related eu regulations in general would make little sense unless there are some case-by-case situations where it would be beneficial to do so . 
  where can you find data bout that ? 
  as i recall 5-6 years ago all the news where about how we implemented 99 % of the stuff , for example : http://www.dagbladet.no/2011/03/29/nyheter/politikk/eu/utenriks/innenriks/15990653/ a bit out of date obviously , but have there been that many new directives since then we skipped , or are we talking about something else ? 
  that 's me with dutch , it sounds very very familiar , and several individual words i can understand but overall it 's still somehow complete gobbledygook to me . 
  shame , really . 
  imagine if we could just force-choke tyrants by disapproving really really hard . 
  then again i 'm not sure my faith in humanity is quite at the level where i 'd be comfortable having everyone have the power to remotely kill anyone they do n't like , lots of haters out there . 
  so probably for the best it does n't work like that ... 
  meh , get a macedonian in here to see some real fireworks . 
  they would be shocked . 
  people are wearing clothes and women are allowed . 
  the scandal !, 
  never underestimate politicians ability to weasel their way out of obligations unless they are written out in great detail with double underlines , and even then they will probably try . 
  honestly eea is mainly about implementing all the eu rules and paying a membership due without a say in how the rules are made . 
  if someone in the eu wants out it makes little sense to join the eea afterwards , you 'll the right back where you started , minus representation ( and a tad more freedom in foreign affairs ) . 
  all that free flow of foreign workers and silly bendy banana rules ( i know that 's a urban legend ) are part of the eea . 
  i honestly though that was an option in the 90s . 
  not happening while putin or other nationalists are power though . 
  they have invested far too much prestige in russia being an independent great power , they will never join any alliance where they are not the senior partner . 
  dang all these eu statistics , i always click in wondering how we stack up and - oh , right it only list eu countries :p considering we go to denmark and sweden to buy cheap stuff i can venture a guess though ( probably mostly just because you have a tax free quota , if you had to pay value added tax on everything you brought back the hop across the border would be a lot less lucrative ) . 
  they have had attacks , just nothing major in the last couple of years . 
  there was the [ 2005 london bombings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/7_july_2005_london_bombings ) , no huge scale attacks since then , but a few attacks and murders with bladed weapons by religious extremists , most notable the very public [ lee ringby murder ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murder_of_lee_rigby ) in 2013 . 
  funny because the people in crimea largely cited economic reasons for defecting to russia , ukraine pensions sucked and so on ( well that part is not wrong ) , while all would be better if they returned to mother russia ( seem to not be quite living up to expectations so far ) . 
  i would hope they do n't just confine surveillance to the islamists , both right - and left-wing extremists are equally capable of murder and mayhem as their religious peers . 
   just add a strong heroin ( ... ) do n't think the government want to promote drug use either :p, 
  they totally had a strong claim on that , everyone saw it , it was practically de-jure . 
  also sometimes the systems are not actually working . 
  i know in some parts of norway at least in the recent past people are required to sort their trash into 3-4 different categories because that 's what the local ordinances require , but there is no local recycling plant so after collecting it all they just dump it in a landfill or burn it because it would cost to much to ship the sorted trash to somewhere that can process it . 
  ah the good old `` the system sucks let 's tear it down '' . 
  and what will you replace it with ? 
  `` hmm , well - lower taxes , no immigration !, 
  yeah !, 
  we 'll make a perfect society , do n't pester us about details '' . 
  the only thing more sad is that the second the economy is doing poorly voters gobble it up in record numbers every bloody time . 
  and tomorrow 101 years ago we declared independence from you guys ( not really celebrated though ) happy swedish flag day , try to have some fun with it , 
  happy constitution day , even if you guys do n't care as much about it as we do ours :p, 
  no doubt it got sensationalized a bit , 10 deaths from military weapons last 20 years , and then suddenly 10 in just one year . 
  norway only have ~ 30 - 45 murders most years ( 2011 being a huge outlier due to the terrorist attack at ut\u00f8ya ) , so it was a sizable chunk ( although i think 5 of those 10 where `` just '' suicides ) . 
  most people still have the old ag-3 here . 
  they are to be phased out in favor of heckler & koch hk416 rifles , but only soldiers on operational duties are getting them so far . 
  home guard and reserve troops will probably keep using ag-3 until they fall apart or someone feel the need to massively ramp up the defense budget . 
  i 'm on the hq staff so i got an mp5 instead when my old ag-3 was trashed , i assume because it 's more geared towards close quarter defense . 
  yeah . 
  the original setup for the home guard was that they issued both ammo and functional weapons , however after multiple shooting/suicide incidents by mentally unstable/drugged people with access to military assault rifles they ended that practice .
