germany i just love your autobahns , also beer . 
  poland gdansk is a really beautiful city !, 
  you 're prices are very cheap . 
  latvia our baltic brother has some really astonishing nature and your coast is really nice . 
  scotland has some really nice mountains . 
  i feel ashamed . 
  i knew it was bad in lithuania , but not * that * bad . 
  yes they did !, 
  we were called aestii back then . 
  i really like this scottish song [ 500 miles . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tm0stntwdii ) it really has been stuck in my head for quite a while . 
  somehow he forgot to mention how could there be isis members disguised as ` refugees ' . 
  also he not even once mentioned the economic migrants are crossing the borders . 
  from places like africa , afghanistan , etc. . 
  what rifle is in that picture ? 
  you do understand that these clashes should n't be happening at all !? 
  right ? 
  that mod . . 
  i do n't get it . 
  good to hear . 
  tatars, 
  how is cyprus even relevant !? 
  because of his flair ? 
  can you tell me what 's going on over there ? 
  it 's almost 3 am what are you doing ? 
  your opinion , man . 
  was n't the marshal plan supposed to be only for nato members back then ? 
  kinda off topic but what kind of flag is that ? 
  i ca n't recognize it . 
  well its more civilized than any other nation in africa . 
  of course there are a few exeptions . 
  seriously cartoonnetwork taught me the basics of english . 
  imagine waking up and seeing a bear on an air cconditioner next to your window . 
  dude go through / u/ama _ deo comment history he seriously claims our history inferior to there 's and claims that vilnius was there 's all along . 
  the nationalism is strong in this one . 
  split kaliningrad between poland and lithuania . 
  so what you 're saying that they came into * our * territory and proclaimed that it 's * their * exercise zone ? 
  if that 's the case i wish we could have a `` military exercise zone '' over there . 
  immigrants ( refugees ) from syria , iraq or any other country that has an ongoing conflict in the middle east should not be invited into eu . 
  if they ever shall get to eu they should be deported . 
  i do n't want the eu to be some shelter for them . 
  finally someone who has the same mind like me !, 
  these are some great quality ads . 
  the younger generation mostly speaks english here . 
  not you again . . 
  oh yeah ... forgot about that show . 
  i think its time for us to move on too . 
  what the fuck is this ? 
  this shit would never be allowed in our country . 
  he 's a history revisionist , always denying lithuania 's history . 
  yeah , but our countrymen still sometimes go to poland ( ex : suvalki ) to shop for cheaper stuff . 
  nah man i personally never use sms text anymore . 
  the only way i chat is with fb messenger or snapchat . 
  seriously , i 'm pretty fucking pissed as well . 
  arminas is a hero to my eyes . 
  yeah it never happens anymore . 
  i guess its just personal preference , greek sounds cool too . 
  but italian just feels smoother . 
  italian , cause it really reminds me of our language and in just general sounds really nice . 
  what the fuck . 
  that 's fucking insane . 
  how are we suppose to feel safe if foreign born people have some blind-eye immunity . 
  beware of this guy , i tagged him as a radical polish nationalist a long time ago . 
  he already said some disturbing stuff about our country . 
  just read about this deluge and holy shit it was brutal . 
  personally wanted to thank you for dealing with this radical nationalist ( tagged him like that a looong time ago ) . 
  i never would have the patience . 
  gdansk looks like night 's watch wall from game of thrones . 
  i feel really bad now for giggling . 
  i think latvian russians are a great example, 
  is n't he a big joke ? 
  i ca n't believe it . 
  our communist anthem is actually really good . 
  great survey , guys !, 
  the tribes along the baltic sea were pretty much isolated till the 11th-12th century . 
  our country just managed to get their hands together and unite the rest of the tribes into one state . 
  so that 's why russia annexed us so much . 
  probably had some sort of weird fetish for us . 
  he was always like that i already tagged him as a radical polish nationalist months ago . 
  sorry , but what a coward . 
   the brell treaty , signed in 2001 under the government of the then conservative prime minister ** rolandas paksas ** of course this prick signed the treaty . 
  thanks !, 
  i wound n't mind renaming klaipeda to memel, 
  its not really at the center for everyone . 
  for example in the us - the americas are in the center and in japan it 's asia, 
  what the fuck is that . 
  why would they ? 
  not here . 
  holy shit , that would be super cruel , but it might work lol, 
  whoa , never knew the russian intervention made it jump so high . 
  well there goes that religious tolerance . 
  you do know that the people voted for this , and its their country so they get to decide what they want . 
  the rounded yard plots are not that common , but almost every house has a gated driveway . 
  ` assimilated ' should be the more appropriate term, 
  whats wrong with pasta and ketchup ? 
  its delicious , add some sausages and its perfect . 
  i think the green is a bit overrepresented in our country . 
  that 's depressing . 
  2016 just keeps on giving . 
  really shitty,
