  this seems like a great deal , so just out of interest , how difficult is it to hook an ssd up to a laptop ? 
  i assume it can be connected with some sort of cable ? 
  what 's the frame rate like with that mod ? 
  i find the foliage titillating . 
  excellent answer , it cleared up several things for me . 
  for some reason it never occurred to me to interrupt the droid instead of destroying it . 
  fight was a breeze , thanks . 
  thanks, 
  my tactics vanguard , patriot , republic-anist , ruthless solider , and all-round despiser of imperials . 
  bharret is a believer in the republic , especially so due to his sister vaetree , my operative , being abducted by imperials when she was 13 ( and bharret 16-17 ) to be trained as an agent of the empire . 
  bharret however , did not know this , and believes her dead - thus he joined the military to seek revenge , and to destroy those who threaten republic and its citizens . 
  he will be the ` outlander ' due to his passion for the republic - no matter who challenges it , he will crush them . 
  my vengeance juggernaut , osola . 
  in short , osola has no interest in the empire itself , and only does what is in her own interests . 
  she was also a slave , like the inquisitor , however she was noticed by the sith for different reasons : a high-ranking darth was abusing some young slaves on an archaeological dig-site when an older togruta attempted to tackle him - of course , she failed ( he was body-type 3 ! ) . 
  nonetheless , her show of courage ( or anger ?!, 
  ) , and attractiveness made him fall in love on sight , and he married her . 
  by marriage , osola was inducted into the imperial upper-class , and although she later murdered her husband in his sleep , she retained her social status . 
  some were suspicious , and it was quickly found out she had a strong connection to the force , and a taste for violence . 
  osola has no strong alignment to any side , and may just join the eternal empire , if she is free to pursue her own interests . 
  a lightning sorcerer , varazha loves the power of her abilities , and utilises them in her constant quest for knowledge . 
  as an apprentice , she despised the empire for its practice of slavery , but upon climbing the ranks and accruing more and more power , she came to enjoy the freedoms afforded by being in the upper echelons of society , and it was purely because of her own abilities that she had rose so high . 
  thus , varazha has come to see the empire as the superior government - one where those who are a weak and useless serve those who , by their own merits , are in superior positions . 
  of course , this philosophy is not true for much of the empire ( lies , deceit , corruption , etc. 
  ) , which is why she became darth imperius and works towards refining and ` cleansing ' the current system . 
  the eternal emperor surely knows many secrets and rituals which may be of benefit to varazha - whether or not she will persevere in her efforts to improve the empire ( in this case , rebuild it from almost-scratch ) or turn to the side which offers her more remains to be seen ... 
  why the downvotes ? 
  all three of my submissions have been downvoted ... 
  i do n't know what the deal with the launcher is , but i 'm downloading as low as 10kb/s and as a high as 80kb/s , with what should be 2mb/s download speed broadband . 
  it 's been 4 hours now , and i 've only downloaded 1gb . 
  nice , we do the same thing more or less , mainly because we 're too broke to waste food anyway . 
  * force chokes *, 
  the shadowlands is very ` imperial ' , if you know what i mean . 
  in some hm and nim operation fights , beating the enrage timer can be really tight , so healers often need to throw in a bit of dps , provided everyone else is kept topped-up . 
  you could always play guardian - they use a single lightsaber , and if you roll tank spec you can keep your brother alive with guard + taunts . 
  guardian is also a very forgiving first class to play , due to its powerful defensive cooldowns ( abilities you use in ` oh shit ! ', 
  situations ) . 
  bucketing down in whangarei right now ... 
  i 'm fairly new to the game as well , but from what i 've heard the hunter class is perhaps the worst class in the game - in terms of power and enjoy-ability . 
  i 'm on my first playthrough right now ( almost done with defiance bay ) as a monk , and it 's a lot of fun ; the class is powerful , and kicking people into bloody pulp is great ( dat torment 's reach spam ) . 
  so i would suggest you try another class , yes . 
  also , if poe is your first infinity engine-style game , i recommend lowering the difficulty to easy - the game is definitely quite hard on some fights if you are n't experienced with the combat system and do n't know the little tricks to help with tough fights . 
  persevere though - as i said , i 'm up to defiance bay right now ( normal difficulty , newbie to ie games ) and combat is already becoming much easier and more enjoyable with some enchanted equipment and a full party . 
  i probably misheard then . 
  most of the threads complaining about ranger being weak/bad are 9-10 months old , i assume there have been patches since then which have improved the class , or perhaps the posts were simply made by people who did n't understand the class fully . 
  death smile are just really , really good players ( unfortunately for pugs ) , but probably the main reason they seem godlike is because they run premades , have healers and tanks , and i assume , are in ts3 . 
  if you want to be competitive with them , you 'll need your guildies to be in full optimised and augmented exemplar gear , use ts3 , and know their classes and others in-depth . 
  as others have said , it takes a lot of practice and knowledge to be on ds ' level though , there 's not much other advice i can give you otherwise without writing pages and pages of explanations . 
  i do n't know about the class story , but one of aric 's missions is bugged on my trooper , so i ca n't finish him up for the presence bonus . 
  indeed , it was the only l2 chem external i did n't get excellence on . 
  in fact , i 'm yet to hear from anyone who actually got higher than merit ; it was probably one of the toughest exams this year . 
  anyone else have lower than expected marks for l2 chemistry ? 
  in my schools ' formative assessments i got straight es on all the papers ( even got 32/32 on the rates of reactions one ) , but this time around i got m for all three externals i did ... 
  what is this about creating echoes in the force ? 
  i did n't realise you could do something like that in the game . 
  yes it does , thank you . 
  this is what i was looking for , sounds good . 
  can you provide a source on that ? 
  i 'm not some proponent of unbridled capitalism , but i 'm curious as to how 3rd world nations ' economies are developing ` in spite of capitalism ' . 
  so being a dick to everyone on telos and nar shaddaa with atton around would do the trick ? 
  i see , thank you . 
  i have a year of high school remaining , but i 'm looking at chemical engineering as a career , and wanted to ask a few questions :, 
  * what is the job market like ? 
  as a chem engineer , how easy/difficulty is it to get employed ( in nz or elsewhere ) ? 
  i 've seen mixed responses on this topic . 
  * what sort of jobs can i expect to do as a chem engineer ? 
  i 'm particularly interested in manufacturing/production ( of anything ) that involves chemical processes . 
  * lastly , how enjoyable is the kind of work involved with chem engineering ? 
  is there much problem-solving required ? 
  ( i enjoy that sort of thing ), 
  yes it does , thank you . 
  out of interest , what is the pay like outside of o&g ( which i understand is paid much higher than other fields of ce ) ? 
  sounds good , i think i 'm sold on chemical engineering . 
  thanks for answering my questions . 
  thanks for all the answers . 
  looks like it 's from that session play instances with isildur during the epic quests in enedwaith to me . 
  cheers for the answers , but i also have to ask another question : what level can i expect to be by the end of elite ? 
  i 've just finished act 1 , and i 'm lv51 . 
  this might be a stupid question , but i 'm in the process of repackaging a lot of my mods as . rars so i can install them via mo , and i was wondering if there might be any loss in texture quality/resolution when taking a texture file --  adding as a . rar archive --  then extracting when installed in mo ? 
  i 've been playing skimpy-armored , super-model female characters for a while now and i think it 's time i play something more ... immersive . 
  so i was wondering , what are the best mods for improving the appearance of male characters ? 
  i 'm going for a rugged , weathered look , so nothing to ` stylish ' , if you know what i mean . 
  if i 'm using the uncapper mod with perma , do i need to add or rename skills changed by perma to the ini for them to be affected ? 
  or will anything in the ini under ` one-handed ' also affect ` light weaponry ' in game , for example ? 
  this might have already been brought up , but i found a helm with the ` fortify constitution ' enchantment on it , but when i disenchanted it , the enchantment i learned was named ` fortify constitution ' , however the actual effect was ` fortify alchemy ' . 
  upon checking the enchantment in tes5edit , i found that perkusmaximus_mage . esp adds the fortify constitution enchantment , while perma expansion 1 - wintermyst.esp adds fortify alchemy , so would placing the wintermyst esp above the mage module fix this problem ? 
  or do i need to do some editing in tes5edit ? 
  that is , epics such as the cypria , aethiopis , and the ` little iliad ' , which are lost to history , with only small fragments and summaries remaining . 
  from what i 've read , some parts do n't seem to make a lot of sense - especially the telegony , where telemachus marries circe , telegonus marries penelope , and odysseus dies by his son with circe ( telegonus ) . 
  obviously , this is disappointing for those who expected the odyssey to have a happy ending , but it also contradicts parts of the epic ( teiresias ' prophecy that odysseus would die of old age , specifically ) , and the fact that telemachus marries the mother of the man who killed his father does n't appear to make any sense ( at least based on my understanding ) . 
  furthermore , despite throughout the entire odyssey wishing to see his wife again , according the telegony odysseus marries another woman !, 
  i understand that it was common in the bronze age for men to marry other , younger women , but considering the amount of effort odysseus makes to return to ithaca and reunite with penelope , this seems strange . 
  in short , are the lesser epics of the trojan cycle considered ` true ' parts of the overall tale , or are they more akin to fan-fiction written by later authors ? 
  i 've made my way to maki ` voro , and he seems relatively easy to deal with , up until he gets to ~ 30 % hp - then the regeneration probe ( or whatever it 's called ) gets him up too quickly for me to take it out . 
  pretty much , i ca n't get past 30-40 % hp because of the healing . 
  any tips ? 
  edit : got him to ~ 10 % now , still stuck though . 
  pretty much , if i exit the launcher with ~ 1gb out of ~ 3gb downloaded , when i re-open it , will it have to download that gb again , or will it resume from where it was ? 
  title says it all . 
  looking at buying satele 's armour set , which is currently 25mil on the shadowlands , up from under 10mil when the b/s/g packs were available .
