  in case it was n't clear , higher imingrasssize = less grass , lower imingrasssize = more grass . 
  it is a bit confusing i suppose . 
  i 'm surprised your fps tanks so much with this grass , what does your game run at without it ? 
  so you lose 40fps ? 
  that 's strange , i 'm surprised you lose that much even with a higher density than me . 
  i should mention i have shadows on grass disabled ( bshadowsongrass = 0 ) , which does save a few frames without any noticeable difference ( at least for me ) , so perhaps try that ? 
  yeah , there 's a lot of things to keep in mind when modding skyrim extensively , and sometimes it just tanks for no apparent reason lol . 
  i strongly suggest you use mod organiser ( check out [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=ple7dlyarj-dcls9lyjeqojwfuqiiqewck ) to learn how to use it properly ) , and stay away from steam workshop !, 
  also , just keep in mind that a lot of the screenshots you see of modded skyrim are not taken at playable fps . 
  i highly doubt the op 's game runs at 60fps outdoors , everywhere , simply because of game limitations . 
  what you have to do is find a comfortable balance of visual fidelity and playability , and leave the crazy graphics for screenshots . 
  i could play vanilla at 60fps , but i want a damn nice looking game , so i sacrifice most of those frames , which i 'm fine with . 
  and to be honest , skyrim does n't really need a whole lot of skill and precision to enjoy , so many are fine with 30fps , or lower . 
  all you have to do is copy and paste the files into your skyrim folder ( whichever folder has skyrim.exe in it , not your ` data ' folder ) . 
  it 's really quite simple . 
  ah , another new zealander !, 
  fuck i hate spark/telecom . 
  their customer service is almost as bad as their godawful broadband plans holy fuck . 
  i 'm paying $ 100 + ( nzd ) a month for supposedly ` ultra-fast ' broadband . 
  what do i get ? 
  1mb/s , sometimes up to 5mb/s if i 'm lucky . 
  not mention if even one more fucking person is on my network ( even a fucking iphone ) the whole thing halves in download speed . 
  holy shit . 
  dude , one of my mates bought a fucking nzd$ 3000 gaming laptop ( guess which brand ) , played watch dogs for about a week then abandoned pc gaming to play cod : aw with his bitch-ass online buddies on his new ps4 . 
  now he only uses his laptop for skyping gay furries ( he is one btw , and i would n't mind except he does n't really talk to me all that much anymore ) . 
  why the fuck did i buy a dell laptop for gaming+schoolwork when i could have bought a cheap-ass hp and built a decent pc . 
  e.y.e : divine cybermancy is only $ 0.99 ( 90 % off ) !, 
  is it worth getting ? 
  reviews seem to be mixed . 
  i have to agree , do n't know why you got downvoted . 
  realvision is a nice enb , but overrated ( most people probably just get it because it 's the most downloaded/first one to show up ) , nla and opethfeldt are definitely much better , but kountervibe ( or pure light if you like fantasy lighting ) is the best enb available without a doubt . 
  op , check out [ hodilton 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/hodilton/featured ) videos to get an idea of how good k enbs look . 
  serenity is a beautiful ( and intensive ) enb as well . 
  hah , that 's how i always think of it with my characters . 
  they 're unstoppable machines that only see the daedra 's tasks as a means to acquire better equipment , unlike the pathetic folks who live in the wilderness worshiping pretty nasty ` gods ' . 
  imaginator is fine if you use the mcm addon ( separate mod iirc ) , as for claralux , i 've only heard bad things about it , but it might be fine . 
  i 'd recommend using [ sweetfx ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/23364/ ? ) . 
  there are presets like icbine 1 & 2 , but i 've found the default settings actually look quite good . 
  personally , i use [ unbleak enb ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/24828/ ? ), 
  performance version with the v0 .119 enb binaries and sweetfx for smaa , which gives me some pretty nice visuals , with 2-3fps loss . 
  this is on a laptop , so i expect a pretty potato computer could run this fairly smoothly . 
  unbleak enb is criminally underrated . 
  using the performance version with the v0 .119 binaries and dof disabled costs 1-2fps at the most , while offering some really nice , colourful visuals . 
  it 's somewhat similar to reallike , but just looks a bit sharper and cleaner , in my opinion . 
  what specific enb are you using ? 
  a lot of people say they ca n't handle enb , but the real problem is that they 're running a very taxing one , even with dof and ssao disabled . 
  ah , ok . that 's fine , but i do suggest you have a look at all the enbs available on nexusmods , as there are better looking and/or less taxing enbs out there . 
  - bronze316 's enbs ( project , true vision , and seasons of skyrim ), 
  - unbleak enb ( older versions have great performance for the visuals they offer , newer versions might cost 1-2fps more ), 
  - popouri enbs ( a bit darker than realvision ), 
  there are heaps more , but these offer extremely good visuals compared to their performance costs , and are somewhat similar to rv in that they are all fairly colourful , moderate-high contrast , bright enbs . 
  the popouris enbs are definitely a lot darker though . 
  it 's up to you though , there is no doubt rv is a great enb , but it 's not the end-all . 
  what about the [ imperial investigator armour ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/19377/ ? ), 
  and dreamburrows ' retextures ? 
  with that system , if you go for performance versions and disable the more intensive features , you can definitely run enbs . 
  just do n't expect 60fps . 
  have you disabled skyrim 's anti-aliasing and anisotropic filtering ? 
  if you have them enabled it will cause some strange graphics bugs like invisible objects , flickering , transparency , etc , while running enb . 
  i really ca n't understand this . 
  people go on and on about how hard enbs are to install but all you have to do is download the preset and its required binaries then copy + paste the stuff into your skyrim folder . 
  how is this difficult ? 
  do people just freak out because they do n't have a program to do it all for them in a few clicks ? 
  i do wonder who the people are that download and endorse all those follower mods . 
  i was in disbelief a while ago when that tania ( the hermit iirc ? ), 
  almost won file of the month ( fortunately beaten by wheels of lull ) . 
  i have n't tried it myself , but it seems like just another ` waifu ' for people to download ... not deserving of 200 + votes imo . 
  i suppose i can understand that . 
  however , there is n't really a ` tremendous amount ' to consider . 
  if the enb page says not to use [ lighting mod ] , do n't use it if you want your game to look right . 
  the same goes for weather . 
  a ctd once every few hours does n't seem too bad to me , but you seem to have a number of script mods , notably footprints and headtracking ( whatever the mod was called ) , which from my experience caused a lot of script lag , script-related crashes , and eventual save corruption . 
  try disabling them if you do n't mind , they might alleviate the problem . 
  also :, 
  * ufo is generally not recommended ( idk why , but this is what people say ), 
  * i believe unique grasses and groundcovers ( unique grasses.esp ? ), 
  and grass on steroids are incompatible , but i 've never tried running them together . 
  * you have a lot of npc mods , which combined with high-poly bodies ( unp , if you use it ) and high-res textures , may tank your system and even cause crashes . 
  your system seems fine though , so i 'd say your ctds are probably caused by scripts , as i mentioned , so you may find running the [ save game script cleaner ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/52363 ) beneficial . 
  edit : i do n't know a whole lot about load orders though , so i ca n't help you there . 
  magic resistance caps at 85 % , but so do the individual elemental resistances , so you can resist up to 92.75 % of magic iirc, 
  fire spell will hit you for 100 fire damage, 
  -85 % due to maxed mr = 15 fire damage, 
  - a further 85 % of the remaining damage due to maxed fr = 2.25 fire damage, 
  they only said the truth , as sad as it is ... 
  it 's unlikely , but can you confirm that the game is using your graphics card while running enb ? 
  i understand some laptops with nvidia cards require the injector version of enb to be used in order to utilise the discrete video card instead of intel hd whatever . 
  [ immersive poop ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/61559/ ? ), 
  if it 's the same alpineyj . 
  ( lol ), 
  thanks for sharing noble skyrim , i had no idea it existed , but it looks great !, 
  i suppose it 's possible . 
  over on ll they have a mod which allows you to use xbox/playstation controllers as vibrators , so yeah ... 
  you have to decide if the ` rewards ' are worth taking the risk on a game which may be a waste of money . 
  from my experience , most pre-order ( digital ) extras can be purchased separately anyway , so it 's not worth it . 
  if you use individual texture or mesh mods instead of large packs/overhauls , i can imagine one having 500 + mods quite easily . 
  the thing is , those languages are actually primarily spoken in their respective countries , while languages like mandarin , spanish , or arabic are very widely spoken , so there is a practical use to learning them . 
  i have nothing against maori , it 's just it 's a language spoken by a tiny amount of people , and there is n't much point to learning it other than for personal interest . 
  my bad , i missed that . 
  i agree to an extent .
