  since english is the most obvious choice for it , we should just make it official . 
  it works ? 
  that argument also works for debtholders ... 
  they are though . 
  once you have that much money , everything you do is an investment , and you should diversify : real estate , bonds , stocks , and yes , deposits . 
  if you do diversify , you 'll be fine if a bank collapses . 
  thanks !, 
  i was going to ask for this . 
  old because this is n't news . 
  it was known since the loan was made where the money was going to . 
  misleading because the title of the article is sensationalist , and makes certain assumptions that are not backed in any way . 
  they consider payments to greek debtholders as as payments to the financial sector . 
  how so ? 
  are there no pension funds that hold greek debt ? 
  individuals ? 
  there is n't even an attempt to estimate how much of the debt is really held by the financial sector . 
  they even mention anecdotal hedge fund gains on bond trading , but where are the losses mentioned ? 
  most gains were made by funds that bought bonds when they were almost worthless , which means that their previous holders sold at a loss . 
  irrelevant because ... well , those other reasons make the article irrelevant . 
  the main point of the article is that greece should have defaulted and let their banks collapse . 
  i 'm ok with that argument , but let us not use made up numbers to back it . 
  how would eu countries react to having losses on their own citizens due to a greek default , when greek debt interest was low for a long time precisely due to it being euro denominated ? 
  those issues are n't discussed . 
  in summary , it 's conspiracy theory like mumbo jumbo , that should n't be promoted on / r/europe . 
  old , irrelevant and misleading . 
  it was n't tring to be a debunk . 
  in any case , i 'll wait for a more reputable source . 
  rolling stone is not an objective source regarding financial issues . 
  wait for a more balanced news source ( i quite like the economist , even though they 're pro capitalism they always present both sides of the argument ) . 
   conspiracy theorists of the world , believers in the hidden hands of the rothschilds and the masons and the illuminati , we skeptics owe you an apology stopped reading right there . 
  that number includes older generations , so it 's really irrelevant . 
  in fact , portugal doubled the number of people with college degrees inthe last 10 years, 
  just an example : our constitution says the government has a duty to fight against the [ latifundium ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/latifundium ) ( a very extensive parcel of privately owned land ) example no . 
  2 : our constitution forbids `` hidden or indirect '' advertising ( therefore half the hollywood movies are unconstitutional , but of course no one cares ) . 
  these are somewhat comical examples , but they help to understand how dated the constitution is . 
  a mix of incompetence , popular opposition and rigid labour laws . 
  the measures that were rejected in portugal are similar to those that passed in ireland in 2009 , so this is n't a european problem ... [ irish civil servants bear the brunt as public sector pay is slashed in # 3.6 bn cost-cutting budget ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1234572/irish-civil-servants-bear-brunt-public-sector-pay-slashed-3-6bn-cost-cutting-budget.html ), 
  i agree , but if the government did next to nothing on those fronts in almost two years , how will they do it in six months ? 
  indeed ... 
  it seems i was wrong . 
  i honestly think that 's the better option we have ( excluding serious eu help , which of course it 's not up to us ) , but i do n't believe this government can do it . 
  there 's no way they cut a billion euro on health and education mid year . 
  even raising taxes gain sounds impossible to me . 
  my guess : either troika agrees with a higher deficit this year ( probably with some hurried extra asset sales or other non recurring income ) , or the government falls . 
  considering the current alternatives , i think we 're fucked . 
  old people think they were better off when they were younger , study shows . 
  i have nothing against the court , nor did i criticize them . 
  i 'm pretty sure they understand the constitution better than i do . 
  but i think that respecting ean lected government is also a huge part of a functioning democracy though , and even though i did n't vote for either party in the government , i feel that they should be allowed to do their job . 
  i 'm pretty sure no one wants to imitate the worst healthcare system in the world, 
  that turned out well . 
  napoleon was such a lovely fellow ... people really learned the wrong lessons from the french revolution . 
  unfortunately , people do n't give a damn , as we can see from the low number of up votes ... 
   but i beleive the next step will be the firing of public workers , will be extremely bad for the economy but seems to be the easy way out . 
  the equality principle ( article 13 ) does n't mention taxes , it mentions law . 
  and i 'm talking about laws , not contracts between the government and individual workers . 
   the adse , and public worker labour laws are stuff for the fabled state reform that never happens , maybe they should have tried to actually do some reforms there instead of just increasing taxes like crazy . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  like i said , i do n't agree with the measures , but it 's not up to the constitucional court to do politics . 
  if the constitution is this narrow , then it should be changed . 
  so why do n't i have access to their health system ( adse ) ? 
  why can i be fired under `` colective terminatons '' , but public workers ca n't ? 
  like you said , it should n't matter if i work for the public or private sectors ... 
  public employees have their own labor laws , their own contracts , and their own health system . 
  can you please tell me what equality principle is being applied there ? 
  i hate our constitution ... not that i necessarily agree with all the measures , but i feel that they must be within the scope of an elected majority government . 
  brazil : we 're jealous because they have hotter women and better football players angola : we 're jealous because they have oil, 
  portugal : the country founded due to mommy issues \u2122, 
  this would be so awesome ... 
  except european parliament elections are n't european , they 're national . 
  we need europe-wide elections . 
  1 person , 1 vote . 
  although it is n't about cash . 
  the wording is not clear , so i did some digging . 
  here 's from the [ original report ] ( http://www.taxjustice.net/cms/upload/pdf/price_of_offshore_revisited_26072012.pdf ) mentioned by this article , which defines the $ 32tn as `` financial wealth '' :  a significant fraction of global private financial wealth -- by our estimates , at least $ 21 to $ 32 trillion as of 2010 -- has been invested virtually tax-free through the world 's still expanding black hole of more than 80 `` offshore '' secrecy jurisdictions . 
  we believe this range to be conservative , for reasons discussed below . 
   remember : this is just financial wealth . 
  a big share of the real estate , yachts , racehorses , gold bricks -- and many other things that count as non-financial wealth -- are also owned via offshore structures where it is impossible to identify the owners . 
  these are outside the scope of this report . 
  so , it definitely includes stocks , and should include funds and trusts . 
  it does n't include property , at least directly ( but property held through companies may very well be included ) . 
  you start a real estate investment trust . 
  from a [ pwc document ] ( http://www.pwc.com/im/en/assets/document/the_reit_answer_is_the_isle_of_man.pdf )  ** why establish a reit offshore ? 
  **  there are a number of advantages to establishing a reit outside of the uk , in a tax-neutral jurisdiction . 
   firstly , shares in an offshore reit are not ` uk situs ' and will not therefore form part of the investor 's uk estate for inheritance tax purposes . 
   secondly , individuals who are resident but not domiciled in the uk can invest in uk property via an offshore reit without triggering a ` remittance ' for uk income tax and capital gains tax purposes . 
   thirdly , if a new reit is in a start up phase , all of the necessary corporate transactions to put the initial portfolio in place can be done in a tax neutral environment before the company migrates to the uk from that jurisdiction , applies for reit status and becomes listed on a recognised exchange . 
   however , because an iom company is always treated as tax resident here , it can not be used as a reit . 
  this is why we asked the government to consider changing the law . 
  assuming this change goes through , the iom will immediately become the jurisdiction of choice for the establishment of offshore reits for a number of very good reasons, 
  probably . 
  for one moment i thought reddit was taken over by `` the man '' , glad that it did n't last long . 
  wealth is not cash . 
  that figure also includes assets ( including real estate and stocks ) , so it 's not really limited to the money supply . 
  downvotes ? 
  someone on reddit does n't want crowdsourced investigations ? 
  imagine the harlem shake possibilities ... 
  awesome investigation . 
  i 'd love to get a hand on that 200gb torrent * wink wink * edit :  @icijorg : icij are cleaning and sorting the #offshoreleaks data + deciding if a public release is possible . 
  announcement soon !,
