  i meant a competitor in the military sphere ( a military power if you will ) . 
  and i arrive at this conclusion not by looking at anyone 's words but by looking at modern history since 1945 regarding the most important armament ever invented ( the one that makes earth shattering kabooms ) : - first the us invents the bomb , and shares the know-how with uk . 
  - then the cccp reinvents the bomb , and cold war starts . 
  - suddenly france gets the bomb too and everyone gets scared , because they are n't really aligned . 
  - then china gets it too , and then everyone who already has the bomb decides to consider themselves masters of the world : creating the npt under the false pretence of nuclear disarmament ( really it was signed in 1968 and up to today not a single `` nuclear weapon state '' has disarmed itself ) . 
  since then every single country that has pursued the bomb outside of the npt has become an international pariah : ( south africa , iran , iraq , libya , north korea , india and pakistan ) or has had its program indefinitely postponed ( italy , germany , belgium , netherlands , turkey or spain ) . 
  also , us wilfully violated the npt by selling tridents to uk , demonstrating its commitment both against denuclearization and for keeping nukes under their control . 
  because that has always been us 's intent regarding nukes : to control them and to ensure that no-one can ever use them against us soil ( and really , i ca n't fault them for that , but from a non-nuclear actor it 's a scary situation ) . 
  and finally , with the current events in ukraine everyone has finally seen how much the word of russia is worth , and how no country can truly be independent without the ability to nuke moscow and washington . 
  so , really , who cares if some country has 50 or 100 f-35s as long as it ca n't defend itself against the real dangers of ww3 ? 
  pd : i know that what i 've wrote reads like an angry teenager 's `` manifesto '' , but i 'm on mobile and wanted to be concise . 
  that 's only partially true , as while the us wants us to spend more ( preferably in their products ) , the us does n't want a competitor and they also do n't want any nuke they ca n't control ( at the end of the day that 's the main reason why the nuclear sharing program exist ) . 
  poor italians , their numbers are close to the german 's yet the media keep equating them to the greeks . 
  also , if 80 $ is what 's keeping me in the `` poor people list '' , please tell me where should i send my check . 
  that would make sense , as lots of people defended hollande 's and sarkozy 's convoluted personal lives . 
  but the difference between french mumbers and anyone else 's is still pretty shocking . 
  and , unless you are very open , do n't marry a french . 
  i 'm not sure if they are the only ones ( as i 've met lots of old people who speak galician and astur-leonese dialects , and the [ fala ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fala_language ) ) , but certainly aranese is the best known minority languages . 
  in our defence , our young people count as british and germans . 
  the problem is that spain has always had terrible unemployment , for example , here in asturias we had similar numbers until 1910 , then from 1920 to 1955 ( and those were without women working and without worker 's rights ) from 1973 to 1985 and finally from 1992 to 1996 . 
  thus , it seems like the outlier numbers are those of 2005-2007 , and not what we currently have , ( and yes , i know i sound terribly defeatist ) . 
  but , answering your question , we accepted this situation around 1492 , when we decided that `` get rich pronto '' was a valid economic theory . 
  edit : some of the years are approximations . 
  you guessed it right . 
  personally i would n't be weirded with a relative , and would n't have any problem with a male friend , but i know for a fact that a female friend would n't be comfortable . 
  yes , we are ruled by morons . 
  in other , less important news , our economy is still shit , unemployment is stable at a `` healthy '' 26 % , every single political party is currently being investigated for corruption and 400,000 spaniards left the country last year . 
  welcome to spain . 
  spain has repeatedly say that , as long as the secession of scotland is done with uk 's consent , then our government wo n't interfere and will recognize scotland . 
   do n't take stupid risks . 
  well , that 's a good rule no matter if you are in delhi or in madrid ( specially when one is a tourist who ca n't fully understand local customs ) . 
  do you have any proof or are you talking out of your ass ? 
  of course , i agree , but the problem is that in the west some heinous cases of rape in india were reported for months , and now lots of people in the west think that most indian men are rapists . 
  thus , while rape is under-reported in india , and over-reported ( for lack of a better word ) in sweden , allowing the notion of india as rapestan is a dangerous one that could cause lots of problems for average indian dudes . 
  yes , but if you need national resellers then it is n't a real common market . 
  a common market would mean that you could directly pay your bill to edf at edf 's french prices ( plus a fair compensation for whomever maintains the line between france and your house ) . 
  so it wo n't happen because it 'll destroy the smaller countries utilities ( who probably ca n't compete with edf or e-on ) and also because germany wo n't shoot itself in the foot by subsidizing polish gas ( as they currently get a special price due to their relationship with russia ) . 
  while a common energy market would be good for the citizens , companies and the economy it would be bad for the national oligopolies , the lobbies and the poor politicians that end their careers in the utilities companies ( obviously due to their charisma and great work ) . 
  therefore , nothing will happen . 
  while you are right , the problem is that the kind of people who have enough money to `` invest '' in real estate are wise enough not do it , as prices are expected to keep falling ( due to our demography and the lack of credit ) . 
  i 've been looking the market for some years and i 'd say the fall is even larger , specially because most analysis look only at the seller 's price and , well , this is a buyer 's market . 
  they 've almost disappeared , but it 's a real pity , as they were an awesome way to have an instant lan party and play diablo 2 and ut . 
  woah !, 
  internet caf\u00e9s !, 
  i have n't seen one in years !, 
  i guess the closest thing there 's right now would be the locuturios , places where mostly immigrants do different things like calling their families ( through low cost phone or skype ) , send money home through western union and buy products from their home countries . 
  therefore i guess that what the government want is to control the immigrant population . 
  i may have caused a misunderstanding : in spain the [ guardia civil ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guardia_civil ) and [ customs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/servicio_de_vigilancia_aduanera ) are different organizations with their own personnel , aircraft and ships . 
  but yeah , besides small things like that they are very similar . 
  it 's similar in spain : the national police works in the cities and the guardia civil outside them . 
  but the guardia civil also patrol the seas ( together with customs , the sea rescue teams and the navy ) and even have some real military units ( that we 've sent to afghanistan and lebanon to do police work in war zones ) . 
  i 'm as european as you are and i 've never eaten any of those `` european '' foods , meanwhile those weird `` british '' ones are staples in any spanish kitchen . 
  woah !, 
  for some reason i 've always assumed that the peace walls had all already been removed . 
  happens to all of us , i just said it so the croats do n't feel excluded . 
  ( also , for some reason , that `` i was in contact with croatia '' sounds as british as the queen . ), 
   `` look at the psoe pigs feeding off the monarchy . 
  i 'd shoot them one at a time ; it would be right ; something would improve . '', 
  this is not just singing , this is hate speech in half of the world . 
  also , / r/littlegreycloud is right , he 'll probably just pay a fine . 
  we are 28 states not 27 ( you forgot croatia ) . 
  why do you have asuka in your reddit and how could i have it ? 
  heh , you are finally a strong , independent country who do n't need no spain . 
  hey do n't disrespect the romanian flag !, 
  edit : also , it seems that neither spain nor spain deserve funny flags . 
  edit2 : rawr !, 
  now i 'm part of the judeo-masonic-comunist-liberal plot to destroy traditional spanish values !, 
  that would require a federal eu , and that wo n't happen for the time being , but the eu countries could harmonizate the requirements for accessing the national social services ( say , you must have worked here 1 year for getting access to cheap university ) and a minimum of what those services should be ( for example demanding that all countries to provide emergency housing for domestic violence victims ) . 
  that way you would n't require much eu funding ( maybe some for establishing some basic services in some countries , but not much ) . 
   they are n't being kicked out they will stay renting illegally or living in the house of other immigrants . 
  maybe there 's something i do n't get , but i assume that if they can pay their rent it 's because they have some source of income ( be it work , savings or family ) , therefore , why should n't they be allowed to continue renting ? 
  i get why they may lose social benefits , but forbidding renting sounds weird . 
  their country , their rules . 
  therefore , as long as germany respects the limits set in the [ tfeu ] ( http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/consolidated_version_of_the_treaty_on_the_functioning_of_the_european_union ) , i see no reason why the german social services should cover those costs . 
  on the other hand though , i think it would be better to regulate the rights of eu citizens in the eu through the eu framework and not through national channels , as currently the tfeu freedom of movement regulation is deliberately vague and clearly does n't suit the current reality . 
  this year in polandball : 1 year a slave , the heart-breaking story of how / u/furean learned how to shoot , how to drive a truck and what a real hangover is . 
  great !, 
  let 's keep using money we do n't have to buy shit we do n't need !, 
  also , the last line of the article is a blatant lie , as current spanish concession law stipulates that if the concessionaire fails to uphold the part of the agreement with the government , then the object of the concessions returns , free of charge and without the debts , to the public sector ( therefore bankrupting the company but keeping the state safe ) . 
   both sweden and finland use standard nato equipment . 
  sweden even supplies several nato countries with arms exports . 
  actually , while sweden does use nato standards , the finnish army employs a mix of western and eastern equipment , mixing leopard iis and t-55s , bmps and cv-90s , 152mm and 155mm artillery and also uses 7.62 x39 munition ( the same as the ak 47 ), 
  also , while there 's an independentist movement in asturias ( andecha astur ) , in the last elections they got 0,26 % of the votes . 
  woah !, 
  they have less gdp per capita than any country in south america , and 38 % of their gdp came from remittances from emigrants . 
  also , according to wikipedia they sold their airforce to the usa in the nineties . 
  i 'm not sure what the eu should do , but that 's not a functioning country . 
  that 's one of the reasons why many countries in europe keep gendarmeries , as they are both police ( so they can arrest someone ) and have some degree of military training ( so they 'll know what to do if someone starts shooting at them ) . 
  of course , if the situation does n't de-escalate , that 's when armies intervene . 
  while it would be a blow for dcns , i 'm sure they 'll find a buyer , as lhds are currently demanded by lots of navies ( the obvious buyer could be turkey , but there 's also india , algeria , brazil or even the french navy itself ), 
  yes , that 's its name in spanish . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  yeah , we 're dicks ( also , that 's the official reason why we want gibraltar ), 
  the nice thing about f-16 is that usaf is starting to retire them , so in the next years you could probably buy an air force worth of them for almost nothing ( and maybe even some nice a-10 ), 
  [ polish land forces ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_equipment_of_the_polish_land_forces ) while the polish navy and af are n't really very advanced , your army is quite decent . 
  so , should n't we send some planes to vilnius and gdansk ? 
  yes , maybe nato should send some planes to poland , slovakia , romania and hungary and maybe even some extra ones to the baltic . 
  not as a threat , but as a precaution and a signal both to russia and to ukraine . 
  as we still get `` spanish inquisition '' jokes , i think you 're going to get nazi ones for at least the next 500 years ( or half a reich , using your measuring system ), 
  for the same reason uk keeps gibraltar , because the people from gibraltar like living there , because it 's their home , and because any change to the status quo would probably destroy their culture and way of life .
