  in their defence , they are also close to the sea ( for cooling ) and surround paris . 
  but yeah , if there 's a problem in one of them , evacuating london and paris could be fun ( in a 28 days later way ) . 
  the relationship between spain and its nationalities . 
  really , in varietate concordia !, 
  there are 50,000 subscribers in / r/europe and 5,000,000 in / r/worldnews , so it 's much easier to troll us than them . 
  also , the saddest thing is that not all of the `` shoot the boats '' posters are trolls . 
  are you doubting the european-ness of the argentinians ? 
  that 's a sin . 
  argentina . 
  oh , actually if you understood it that way then your criticism was warranted . 
  have a nice day . 
  thank you , i 've seen the errors of my ways and i 'll no longer think that a woman with a billion dollars can be indifferent to an economic boycott . 
  while we are at it , thank you for the personal attack , it 's always nice to be judged by complete strangers . 
  the woman is already mindbogglingly rich , so why should she care about a boycott . 
  i live twenty minutes away from [ this ] ( http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/03/51/be/f4/playa-de-san-lorenzo.jpg ) . 
  asturias has many beaches , and thanks to global warming now we even have some sun . 
  not that i know , and with 17 autonomous communities the flag could become a mess ( unless we did something like the usa ) . 
  neither does asturias !, 
  ( they always forget us ) . 
  i guess it 's because it 's a representation of the kingdoms that existed in 1492 ( and in that moment galicia , asturias and the basque country were part of castile , and catalonia and valencia were part of aragon ) , the weirdest thing is why was le\u00f3n included , because in theory they were part of the kingdom of castile ( the same way that catalonia was part of the kingdom of aragon but autonomous at the same time ) . 
  the four main elements of the coat of arms are representations of castile ( a castle ) , le\u00f3n ( a lion ) , aragon ( the red and yellow columns ) and navarra ( for some reason , the chains ) , there 's a fifth symbol in the bottom that represents the kingdom of granada ( the flower ) , and a sixth in the centre ( three fleur-de-lis that represent the house bourbon ) . 
  personally i think is absurd how the eu asked bulgaria to stop south stream `` due to strategic reasons '' while germany keeps the nord stream open . 
  personally i like number 11 , because it was already used in our only federal republic , and 6-7 , because they do n't include new symbols while they still represent the four kingdoms ( especially 6 , as 7 does n't make any sense , as we do n't have colonies in ultra-mar and one of the columns is gibraltar ) . 
  but please , no purple , i hate purple . 
   soviet era technology and they currently sell the only human rated rocket in the market . 
   russia is like 2 decades behind in terms of military hardware . 
  the topol-m is currently the most advanced icbm , their 5th-gen fighter project is certainly more advanced than anything we have in europe and the s-400 is arguably the best aa system in the world . 
   no modern country buys russian weaponry , only poor countries that are looking cheap equipment to combat other neighbours who arent developed . 
  the russian market includes many pariah states ( like syria or venezuela ) , but they also sell to `` poor countries '' like india and china ( that spend more in military than most of the eu ) and to `` undeveloped countries '' like south korea , greece or finland . 
   just like they made them 30 years ago . 
  sure , but that 's still tech . 
  again , they wo n't make your new phone ( and neither will the eu ) , but they are certainly advanced in their fields . 
   russia also doesnt have a single major tech company russia owns many major tech companies , sure they do n't have their apple or their microsoft , but they own [ energia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s.p._korolev_rocket_and_space_corporation_energia ) , who makes more space rockets than any other company in the world , [ rosoboronexport ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rosoboronexport ) , who sells heavy armament , or [ rosatom ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rosatom ) , who makes nuclear power plants . 
  they are n't flashy companies , but they are certainly major in their fields . 
  i was just comparing phroshy 's idea ( basic income ) wih splergel 's ( reduced hours ) , and clearly in a basic income society , where half of society does n't work , that people wo n't need to spend years in college ( they could do it , but they wo n't need to do it ) , and in a society where only half the people work , you only have to transport half the people to their daily works ( so less energy ) . 
   and no economic theory i 've ever seen has stated as a goal to keep unemployment rates up to save society money . 
  that sounds like complete nonsense . 
  there are plenty of countries with quite low unemployment rates , and they are n't precisely suffering for it . 
  your third point seems frankly absurd . 
  again , read my comment in the context of the previous posters , not in a vacuum ( obviously no one wants high unemployment , we are just looking at the options when automatization makes it unavoidable ) . 
   work fewer hours ? 
  that 's the most plausible solution , but it has some huge costs : - society has to train way more people ( and training cost money ) . 
  - society will spend even more energy ( as everyone would have to commute a lot ) . 
  - it will probably require a closed economy , as there 'll no way to compete with other economies if you have to pay more to your workers for less production . 
  again , it 's the best option , as no worker would want to support the `` parasites '' that a basic income would create ( sorry for the marx/rand ) , but eventually we 'll need an even better option ( and i do n't know what that is , and if someone find it he 'll probably get all of the nobel prizes ) . 
   [ economic competitiveness ] ( http://www3.weforum.org/docs/wef_globalcompetitivenessreport_2012-13.pdf ) rule n\u00ba 1 : never link to a pdf ( they are big , slow and a security risk ) . 
  rule n\u00ba 2 : never link to a 545 pages pdf !, 
   i 'm saying that europe needs to take defense more seriously and that includes creating an integrated defense force . 
  standardization of tanks , jets , rifles , etc. 
  that 's already happening , and i 'll give some examples : - tanks : currently western eu uses : leopard ii , challenger ii , leclerc and ariete , but of those only the l2 has been exported to the eu , so de facto is the standard tank ( there are also t-72 , leopards and older pattons in the east but those are progressively been retired ) - jets : there 's more variety here , but most forces use either the f-16 , the f-18 , the eurofighter , the tornado or the grippen . 
  - rifles : most of eu follows nato stanag rules , so 5,56 and 7,62 are the common standards ( the exceptions are non-nato finland and some eastern eu members , that are currently replacing ak derivatives ) . 
  - ships : most modern eu 's destroyers follow a basic desing derived from the [ nfr-90 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nfr-90 ) , some adapted with national systems ( like the t-45 or the horizon ) and some with us 's systems ( like the nansen or the \u00c1lvaro de baz\u00e1n ) . 
  there are exceptions to all of this , but those exceptions are similar to your `` pork '' , and at this moment unavoidables . 
   quite frankly i do n't think it 's that unreasonable to ask europe in general to spend more on their defense . 
  if you want to be part of nato you spend your 2 % minimums . 
  end of story . 
  or what ? 
  you 'll send us a strongly worded letter ? 
  really , without having to pay for a nuclear force there 's no reason to spend 2 % of our gdps in defence ( and us does n't want us to get a nuclear force ) . 
   now you 're just being silly . 
  if people did n't argue on the internet what would we all do all day ? 
  yep , you got me there . 
  and what are you saying ? 
  that we should buy more f-35 because big bad wants to kill us ? 
  look , every single week some reddittor with us flag cames to / r/europe to explain how we should spend more on defence , because somehow we euro-reddittors control our countries budgets and you us-reddittor want to save us or are tired of your taxes ( sometimes both ) . 
   i 'm pointing out that the german public is incredibly pacifistic and unwilling to utilize their military . 
  am i wrong ? 
  since the end of the cold war they 've been in bosnia , kosovo and afghanistan , so yeah , i 'd say that you are wrong , but not for the number of conflicts , but because you somehow say that being willing to use your military is a virtue ( i 'd say that it 's a necessary evil ) . 
   if all you have to say is `` what you 're saying offends me '' you 're not proving me wrong you 're telling me you do n't what to hear what i have to say . 
  why should i care about proving you wrong , i 'm not the eu and you are not the us , we are just two bored dudes in their offices/houses . 
  imf list of gdp per capita ( 2013 ) serbia : $ 11,269 . 
  ukraine : $ 7,423 . 
  for comparison : luxembourg : $ 78,670 germany : $ 40,007 portugal : $ 23,068 romania : $ 13,396, 
   do the germans even have the stomach for war ? 
  i think their public opinion polls show that they do n't and if anything want even less to do militarily . 
  i 'm sure they would be willing to be part in a war for a just cause , and it 's offensive to think otherwise . 
  really , they know what it means to mobilize their whole country , they know what it means both to bomb someone and be bombed by someone , and they also know what it means to blindly follow a wise leader , so maybe the world should listen to them instead of criticising their manhood . 
  hopefully he wo n't try to kill any boche . 
  but seriously , jumping at that age takes balls ( and strong bones ) . 
  as the owner of the currently most upvoted comment in that thread ( the one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  ) , i 'll say that the problem is n't the content , but the moderation : yesterday i commented in two threads in / r/europe , in one of them i had a meaningful chat with an economist about the possible actions of the ecb . 
  result : 0 votes for any of us . 
  meanwhile in the other i wrote a vaguely positive , but meaningless , comment about lithuania ( one that , if you watch the movie freaks , is n't exactly positive ) . 
  result : 100 votes . 
  yes , we had similar inflation numbers ( and worse ) with our national central bank until we got into the eec ( for some reason you did n't like how we kept destroying our peseta , and told us to stop letting the spanish central bank pay our bills ) . 
  but right now the ez has a 0,5 % inflation rate ( germany 0,9 and spain -0,2 ) , and injecting free money to the banks is doing nothing , so we 'll need to do something to return to the ideal 2 % . 
  again , i do n't say we should `` print our debt away '' as i know that would be terrible for everyone and unfair to the countries that did n't overspend , but we should do something . 
   meaning : this is wrong and could not have happened in germany sure , we all know about weimar , hyperinflation and the whole party , but when the other option is deflation , then a little printing ( and i mean a little , say until you get a 2 % inflation ) sounds like a perfectly valid option ( or at least one that has been used many times by many countries without catastrophic results ) . 
  also , at least that way germany would choose how their money is spent . 
  finally , no i did n't downvote neither lupine nor cybrbeast as their points are perfectly valid ( and so is yours ) . 
  southern europeans countries ( even if it omits the balkans ) . 
  but really , italy has a gdp slightly smaller than uk 's , portugal 's is larger than peru 's , the greek is larger than finland 's and the spanish is larger than south korea 's , so while it 's true that many countries in the eu have economical problems , it 's excessive to call us poor , or to assume that we are non entities . 
  yes , every country does have its hypocrisies , its half-truths and its technicalities , and they all do it for the glory of polandball . 
  nope , sweden does n't have a formal opt-out . 
  from your link :  the term is widely considered derogatory and its use was curbed by the financial times and barclays capital in 2010 . 
   pigs unnecessary . 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  sure , i agree with most of that , a little debt buy back ( or a little public spending ) would do wonders to ez 's economies , and a banking union and fiscal union should be the main objective .
