  i only disputed the common notion that germany entered the ez because they could n't devaluate their mark by themselves . 
   before the euro if germany was growing and exporting particularly fast , the d-mark would appreciate , making their products more expensive to buy , and allowing other countries to export to germany cheaply . 
  under the euro the poorer countries ca n't float their currency and this prevents this balancing effect . 
  i 've never understood this reasoning , as devaluating a fiat currency is extremely easy , you simply print more . 
  so germany , with the dm could have simply printed more and use it to reduce their debt , reduce taxes or augment expenditures , but somehow they decided to share that wealth and enter in the ez ( as a requirement from france ) , and that somehow makes them the bad ones ? 
  reminds me of the fresh prince : now , this is the story all about how my life got flipped-turned upside down and i 'd like to take a minute just sit right there i 'll tell you how i became the prince of a town called spain, 
  hey , i 'm asturian , i 'm republican i use the 1785 's flag and i 've been called facha !, 
  a pact between pp and psoe would mean the end of the regime ( the emperor would have no clothes ) . 
  really , the last time they agreed about anything they had to kill zapatero 's career to hide it . 
  that 's true , upyd already tried this in asturias ( by accepting a coalition with psoe and iu ) and one year later psoe reneged on the agreement . 
  [ yes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fulda_gap ) , and also for the larger expected conflict between nato and the warsaw pact . 
  neither the wto nor the eu rules concern military contracts , as this is a market where the free market is n't expected ( the only buyers are the public sector and many of the manufacturers are also public or controlled by the public sector ) . 
   i also get downvoted very often when arguing against arguments like `` there is no space left in my country for immigrants , we should kick them all out '' . 
  if that 's a socialist paradise , i wonder what socialist hell would look like . 
  while some socialist movements are internationalists , that does n't mean that socialism is inherently globalist ( but i agree that / r/europe has a problem with immigration , and it sometimes gets bigoty ) . 
  also , while i do n't dispute that you 've been downvoted by presenting keynes ( reddit is a fickle bitch ) , what / r/europe usually dislikes is n't keynes , but the `` europeization '' of the keynesian politics ( ie : a swede may be comfortable providing for another swede , but would not like to share with a spaniard ) . 
  actually , while / r/europe is a socialist 's paradise there are many webs where the opposite happens ( like zero hedge or even stormfront ) . 
  and also , there are thousands of forums fully unrelated to politics ( like gaia , 4chan , or neogaf ) even though i assume that their users also hold political views . 
  really , i agree that the internet is a series of echo chambers , each one tuned to a different sensibility , but it 's perfectly normal that most people end in the one that reflects their view . 
  it is n't ideal , but at least that way everyone can be heard . 
  [ do you want a t-72 ? 
  ] ( http://www.mortarinvestments.eu/products/tanks-2/t-72-42#currency=eur ) or , [ would you prefer something classier ? 
  ] ( http://www.mortarinvestments.eu/products/tanks-2/t-34-35#currency=eur ), 
  i actually think that the common procurement system of the eu and nato is a great idea , but its implementation is terrible . 
  following with the euorfighter , i think that what we should have done was simply make a common fund to pay bae for their work in the [ eap ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_aerospace_eap ) and then `` open source the plane '' allowing everyone in the group to make as many planes as they wanted , and to compete between themselves , thus allowing better prices and imporved capabilities , and all without the complex political process that was involved in the ef ( and that is still involved in the a400m , the fremm , the f-35 and the tiger ) . 
  yep , we are like an old couple that only talks about how beautiful and important they were a long time ago and that loves to bicker about irrelevant things like how they really should have married britain or how we hired napoleon to destroy them . 
   with this in mind , and looking at [ how the eu elections results would look like in the general elections ] ( http://www.eldiario.es/europeas_2014/grafico-quedaria-congreso-elecciones-generales_0_264224234.html ) [ 1 ] ... you 'd understand why the pp ( or even the psoe ) is n't that worried about podemos or even the rise of iu . 
  that 's a very interesting link , as it shows how hard will be to make any kind of coalition ( at least 176 seats ) , as while psoe will probably pact with iu the remaining forces wo n't ( upyd wo n't and neither will podemos , and the independentist may , but only if psoe agrees to a referendum ) . 
  really , we live in interesting times . 
  well , collateral damage does n't seem to matter to assad 's army ( really , their use of t-72s is scary ) . 
  also , regarding ukraine i meant the mass of tanks and ifvs that russia had besides ukraine 's frontier , and how that could only be countered by an equivalent number in ukraine . 
  yep , but that 's why you 'll need to use them together with sams and in large numbers ( and with the soviet doctrine of 1 million dead is an statistic ) . 
  i knew , but with the portuguese-spanish relationship one ca n't ever be sure . 
  oh sorry for that , i only meant that , as both portugal and poland use the leopard ii , then a mechanic from the portuguese army could easily repair a polish tank ( as he 'll have both the knowledge and the spares ) . 
  tanks may be useless for low intensity conflicts ( general shinseki was right about that ) , but they are still extremely useful for high intensity ones ( specially if your enemy is your neighbour , as we 've seen in ukraine and syria ) . 
  many nato countries keep defence alliances with non-nato countries , the best example would be us itself and it 's relationship with japan , korea , australia , colombia ... 
  germany has been doing this for some time ( half of eu 's army now uses leopard ii ) and it 's probably one of the most intelligent actions of the german military : * now rheinmetall can sell them spares . 
  * now russia will sell less spares to poland ( this tanks replace old russian t-72 ) . 
  * it improves interoperativity ( as now even a portuguese mechanic can easily work in a polish tank ) . 
  * it improves the defence of poland ( and if polish military defend themselves there would be less german people dead in conflict between eu and russia ) . 
  * and it gives germany some money for their tanks ( that otherwise would just rust , as germany had something like 4000 tanks at the end of the cold war ) . 
  really , a win win for everyone . 
  first zimbabwe will happen , then somalia will happen and finally , if we are very lucky , then nigeria will happen . 
  did she really expect that banks would sanitize themselves ? 
  really , the only thing that banks and governments have done since 2007 is kick the can . 
   hockey has already gone to the countries in europe that want it . 
  ok , then it 's war . 
  expect to see our [ sevillanas ] ( http://sevillatrendy.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/traje-flamenca.jpg ) and paella all over toronto . 
  and yeah , sun is like snow but it only grows in poor countries . 
  personally i see no problem in a fta agreement with canada , as your largest export ( oil ) is our biggest need and we can offer products that canada ca n't produce ( like fruits or sun ) . 
  but please , do n't try to export hockey , or we 'll start a cultural war . 
  why now ? 
  why not in 2011 when he lost against rajoy ? 
   the total amount of seats should be increased then you 'll need newer buildings , more offices and even more staff , also , the ep would eventually look like the galactic senate ( and we all know that the prequels suck ) . 
  also , if we assume that the population of cyprus is one million ( you make that data hard to find ) , and the eu 's is around 500 millions , then a `` fair '' parliament would give your country a whole total of 1 seat out of every 500 ( or 1.5 of the current 751 members ep instead of the 6 you got ) . 
  so really , i do n't get your criticism . 
  because we always forget that mexico has a huge population . 
  and tbh , it would cause more grievances to try to choose a different flag , as if you choose argentina then chile would get angry , if you choose peru then bolivia will cry and if you choose mexico then the mayans will say that they are n't represented . 
  actually , even a fully self-funded pension system depends on younger blood , as the old people expect the money they 'll receive to be worth something ( and what 's the point in earning money if there 's no one to sell you food ) . 
  fuck that , we go with the swiss ( again ) . 
  congratulations to everyone except to pp and psoe ( who 's laughing now you sons of bitches , now you are unemployed too ) . 
  also , fortunately falange only got 20,000 votes , so we wo n't add more nazis to the ep . 
  then you have lots of options !, 
  the cheaper options are usually croatia , portugal and spain ( in any of them you 'll find beaches , sun and mojitos ) . 
  then you also have italy and southern france ( both great , but slightly more expensive ) . 
  finally , there are other options , like the greek islands or cyprus , but i guess those could be too expensive once you add the flight costs . 
  but really , if you only want to rest , tan and drink , i 'll go to croatia , portugal or spain , and if you have questions about spain , then feel free to ask . 
  in spanish `` pis '' means pee , in poland i guess it 's [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_and_justice ) ( so , either it 's a really unfortunate coincidence or they love their golden showers ) . 
  if you meant the place , it 's lublin . 
  without knowing where you are it 's impossible to plan anything ( really , if you are outside of europe that thousand will disappear in flight expenses ) . 
  beyond that , if you simply want beaches then anywhere between azores and cyprus will treat you well . 
   pis lovers so kinky . 
  spain : the pp ( the evil lizards who rule us ) , they are conservative , catholic and corrupt , and they always consider themselves right and therefore do n't care what anyone says , but they always get a ton of votes from old people . 
  then in second place we 'll have the socialist party , they are social-democrats and corrupts . 
  and the difficult to know will be the next places , as we have three minority parties that will get seats : iu ( the left wing ) , upyd ( some who left psoe and kinda oppose them ) , and the coalition of the different independentist/autonomist movements . 
  thank you , i hate this kind of shenanigans . 
  regarding the article itself , it 's a nice commentary on the evolution of the russian military , but it does n't really say anything that one could n't find in wikipedia . 
   you have reached your article limit register to continue reading or subscribe for unlimited access, 
  i think he was agreeing with you , and he was being sarcastic ( but i have a terrible hangover , so maybe i 'm wrong ), 
  [ georgia ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war ) also , while china and iran are usually bundled with russia they 'll never help them ( china would probably use the situation to invade siberia , and iran does n't really like competition ) . 
  spain is in the top ten ? 
  really ? 
  i pity the mothers of any country that scores lower than us . 
  really , with the current unemployment and the lack of protection against discrimination being a mother in spain almost impossible . 
  i 'll assume that they asked slovenia separately because it 's faster to do things through direct communication ( the ec is powerful , but it 's extremely slow ) . 
  but in any case , some help is always a good way to improve relations , so let 's hope that it arrives soon . 
  and regarding bondsteel , i hope that you are right , because it 's hard to find objective and up to date information about that place . 
  if we were n't all so stupid , the [ nato huge helicopter base in kosovo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/camp_bondsteel ) would be sending relief help to serbian communities . 
  but we are , so good luck serbia . 
  or until you start mining landfills . 
  ( gold is a noble metal , so it 's pretty easy to recycle ), 
  [ why not the improved version ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m14fbkkotti&amp;html5=1 ), 
  great , then we 'll send them to finnish prisons . 
  imprisoning someone for life just because he wo n't give you some information ? 
  that 's a violation of the right not to declare against oneself ( that the echr considers part of the right to a fair trial ) . 
  great , but what if north africa does n't accept them back ? 
  they do n't have any obligation to do so , specially if the immigrants are n't native of that country . 
  because that 's exactly what happens .
