  ship them back to where ? 
  i did n't name the spanish government , army nor fleet . 
  well , actually it was that the common belgian had as much to do with congo as the common spaniard farmer did with south america ( so , not too much ) . 
  but i guess that i got carried away and wrote too much ( sorry for the wall of text ) . 
  yep , that 's the main exception in spain . 
  really , when spain won the world cup there were spanish flags even in barcelona and bilbao , it was weird . 
   well , that 's pretty much what happened . 
  leopold ii died as the king of belgium , so he was n't deposed , and in any case belgium was n't the legitimate owner of congo , so it was n't theirs to give ( at least under the same canon that currently judges other colonial powers ) . 
  but i 'll go through your points : * the belgian state and belgian people had no hand nor say in the colonization of the congo ; you say that there were barely any belgians working for the cfs , well the aztec empire was destroyed by less than a thousand spaniards and 200,000 [ tlaxcalas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tlaxcala_%28nahua_state%29 ) , yet the whole world sees it as an infamy made by spain . 
  * the belgian state and belgian people had no hand nor say in the exploitation of the congo free state ; most spaniards had no word ( because spain was a monarchy ruled by [ an austrian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_v,_holy_roman_emperor ) ) nor hand in the conquest of america , for example my ancestors are converted jews ( who were forbidden to visit america ) and farmers ( who were too worried about their cows to care about conquest ) . 
  also , most of the conqueror 's descendants currently live in south america ( not in spain ) . 
  * the belgian state and belgian people had no interest in and no profit from the congo free state ; most of the silver from peru ended in swiss hands due to the custom of our kings of hiring [ mercenary armies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swiss_mercenaries#service_in_the_spanish_army ) , while the spanish people suffered famines , poverty and plagues . 
  * the belgian state and the belgian people were the ones that put a stop to the horrors of the congo free state . 
  at the first time they were ever asked [ \\ ( in 1812 \\ ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_constitution_of_1812 ) the spanish people accepted the independence of the colonies ( with the exception of cuba , that was considered part of the spanish territory and whose citizens were part of the assembly ) . 
  unfortunately the french decided that we needed a king and our french king reneged of our agreement and tried to reconquer the territories ( but without the peoples consent ) . 
  ** conclusion : ** with everything i 've written i 'm not trying to claim that somehow the spaniards were heroes and the belgians villains , nor the opposite , just that the actions of the conquistadores are n't that different to what happened in congo , yet the world ( and most spaniards ) consider it one of worst actions , while most belgians consider that , as their grandparents were n't directly responsible , then belgium had no responsibility , and really i ca n't see how spain is responsible if belgium is n't or conversely how spain is responsible ( for something done by austrian kings with less than 10,000 spaniards ) yet belgium is n't . 
  most european countries have had so many problems with nationalism that we no longer see patriotism as something that should be encouraged ( quite the opposite really ) , so a burning flag , for most europeans is n't seen as an affront against our countries but only as a mean of expressing discomfort against some of its actions . 
  meanwhile , due to usa 's history , its lack of internal conflicts ( comparing to eu countries ) and your own military history , the flag is seen not as a random piece of cloth but as representation of american values and those who protect them ; thus if someone attacks the flag he also attacks those values . 
  [ also , we do n't have this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_flag_code ) , and from an euro pov it sounds mildly religious . 
  belgian people could have deposed leopold ii , because leopold was the highest authority of belgium , not a random thug . 
  really , the belgian people are as responsible of congo as spanish people are responsible for south america or as the british are for africa or asia , and hiding behind the crown does n't work for anyone . 
   why is so fucking popular denying that there is unemployment in spain ? 
  because ignoring the problems allows people to sleep at night without having to care about anything . 
  ie : the same reason why `` all greeks are corrupt '' and `` all roma are thieves '' . 
  well , us gave lots of free money to hamid karzai , but that did n't make afghanistan 's people rich and prosperous , so i get that some bulgarians may feel the same way about eu . 
  beyond that though , maybe i did n't explain myself : it 's perfectly reasonable that most bulgarians , including op , hate the urss ( really , you 'll need some serious stockholm syndrome to want them back ) , it 's just that i do n't feel the need to protect inanimate symbols ( specially when they are probably made in china ) . 
  of course you have a right to be pissed , but they also have a right to dislike the eu . 
  really , what 's the point of free speech if we only want to respect it for those who agree with us ? 
  it 's just a flag , so as long as they pay for it and did n't cause a large fire i see nothing wrong . 
  someone was going to say it , and hey , it 's free karma !, 
  but the wurst is already here !, 
   started in avenida de la penetracion and ended in calle corrida . 
  lol , that sounds like some terrible porn . 
   the current major is a conservative eho likes bullfighting , zarzuela , spending shitloads of money in religiously themed christmas decorations and the like . 
  she and her cronies are one of the reasons i do n't live there anymore . 
  the weird thing is that oviedo is usually the conservative one , yet fortunately the morons that rule us do n't seem to care about those things ( except the religious shit : there 's always a lot of nativity scenes and our current mayor wants to make a `` catholic museum '' , whatever that means ) . 
  i 've always loved that name , it 's like some teenager named the place ( or maybe i 'm the teenager ) . 
  but really , why does gij\u00f3n keep a bullfighting plaza ? 
  you should do like oviedo and fill it with methadone users . 
  yeah , here in asturias we could use some of that thing called `` sun '' . 
  and i 've never been to a corrida in my life ( and i do n't plan to ever do it ) . 
  you 've discovered our invasion plan !, 
  and we would have gotten away with it , if it were n't for you meddling kids !, 
  as a counterpoint i must say that while i agree that this is n't the ideal time , with the current military movements of russia it would be important to solve the balkan problem once and for all , as we do n't really want russia getting military bases in serbia . 
  galician will be fine , asturian-leonese not so much . 
  it happened in spain , maybe it wo n't happen in lithuania , but that does n't make my statement untrue . 
  the main reason why it happened was already identified by / u/delenda _ east and at least in spain it was n't compensated by an increment in salaries ( outside of the construction and banking bubbles ) . 
  that 's true , there was n't a eu will to increase prices , but it was one of the effects that was immediately felt by the citizens . 
  sure , ecb 's `` extraordinary measures '' exist , but even if they are seen as excessive by many they are very limited comparing to us 's [ quantitave easing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quantitative_easing#europe ) and are certainly less toxic than the monetary policy followed by spain before maastrich 's treaty ( literally based in printing anything needed by the treasury ) . 
  personally i 've found three large benefits and two significant dissadvantages : benefits : travelling to a different euro country becomes extremely simple and buying things through internet does n't require searching conversion rates and paying anything to the bank . 
  drawback : most `` daily '' products became more expensive , for example when the $ was implanted in spain a coffee in a bar went from 100 pesetas to one $ ( 166 pesetas ) . 
  and the second drawback is also the final benefit : politicians ca n't devalue the currency at will . 
  thus , their expending binges are reduced but they also ca n't freely implant stimulus measures . 
  there are more pros and cons , specially regarding international politics , but those do n't really concern most citizens . 
  fun !, 
  yes , while i did n't obtain my degree there ( because i 'm not from madrid ) , i 've been to some courses and i 'm friends with a couple of its teachers , and yeah , the campus is a mess , with a terrible distribution and deficient maintenance . 
  and personally i think that the reason that spanish universities are so deficient is due to the dilution of funds , as for example madrid keeps six different public universities competing for funds and teachers , and while that can be positive for the students and the teachers ( because they 'll both find a seat somewhere ) , that 's terrible both for the education imparted and the total funds expended . 
  first , reputation is earned through hard work and good practices , and obtaining an mba only means you got a title and some knowledge ( the reputation would be earned later ) . 
  ie : a surgeon does n't deserve a reputation for getting a title , he gets it for saving lives . 
  secondly , it 's not a coincidence that modern business practices , prioritizing short term benefits over long term sustainability , for the benefit of the direction and in detriment of the company as a whole have caused a disaffection in large elements of society for the promoters of such practices , who in many occasions hold mbas . 
  ( but if you re-read my comment you 'll also see that i do n't criticise mba per se , only the proliferation of mid level managers who do nothing for the company beyond powerpoints , and also that calling what i wrote a `` wanton attack '' is slightly hyperbolic ) . 
  both ie and iese are usually ranked high in most mba lists , but i think we already have way too many powerpointistas , and i do n't consider that a pro . 
  well , it 's among the best in spain , but that 's not saying much ( and really , it could use a newer campus ) . 
   sure , schengen does n't work for us but that 's because we 're an island . 
  uk is an island with land frontiers with ireland , cyprus and spain . 
  well , the spanish universities have always been title mills , and we 've never been able to attract international students ( not even from latin-america ) , so it makes sense that we do n't rank well . 
  read with modern eyes zeus was a dick ( specially as he did n't create anything , he just ruled olympus ) , but he also was a patron of hospitality ( like in got ) , defender of greece , keeper of oaths and some other attributes that give him the character of a judge , so really , i 'd say he was [ chaotic good ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bjzw7eq.jpg ) , but good nonetheless . 
  also , this is reddit , of course you are going to offend someone and of course no one is an expert on anything . 
  the first problem with dualism , is that the word itself can have many different meanings ( god vs word , good vs bad , transcendent vs immanent ... ) , so first i must say that i only mean to talk in the context of good vs bad . 
  and , while it varies greatly , most religions , no matter if they are mono or polytheistic , have at least one character that can be considered as good ( like god , odin , brahma , zeus ... ) and another that can be seen as evil ( like loki or the devil ) , or at least a representative of death ( like osiris , hades or kali ) . 
  thus , as one of the main reasons that religion arised was the need of an explanation for death , and death has usually been considered as bad , the representative of death have progressively become the antagonist , the one with all of the vices or the source of evil . 
  sure , there are exceptions , including the ones where there 's only the good guy ( like most forms of buddhism ) , and even some where there 's only the bad ones ( like mexica gods , who really liked their blood ) , but there 's clearly a pattern , and the pattern is dualistic , even in religions like the christianity that do n't recognize divinity to the evil one . 
  finally , i must say that i do n't know much about pre-christian nordic and german religions , so i ca n't really dispute your point ( but i 'd love to learn more , as i read about religions like i read about star wars or tlotr ) . 
  tbh , the division between good and evil is n't exclusive of christianity , for example : [ manichaeism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manichaeism ) . 
  also , if you want to learn more about dualism : [ dualism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dualism ) ( a common concept in many religions ), 
  no one except the vatican . 
   as a spaniard i think we are doing more than enough actually the spanish data regarding military expenditure has always been under-reported , mostly because we do n't include the social security of the soldiers in the defence budget and because most armament programs are financed by the ministry of industry , not by the ministry of defence ( in theory the mod owes the moi something like 50,000 millions ) . 
  thus if you add all concepts , our military spending is much higher ( smaller than 2 % , but close to it ) . 
  besides that , i agree with you , our largest conflict in the last century was against our own forces , so what 's the point in keeping them ready for war . 
  in spain we have the [ valle de los ca\u00eddos ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/valle_de_los_ca%c3%addos ) , a very controversial place that remembers the fallen during our civil war ( controversial because franco is buried there , because it was built by republican prisoners of war and because it 's a catholic shrine ) . 
  but we also have the less known '' [ monumento a los ca\u00eddos por espa\u00f1a ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monumento_a_los_caidos_por_espa%c3%b1a_%28madrid%29 ) '' that is a century older and has a less political tone . 
   personally i would say the best defense against nukes is n't more nukes . 
  tell that to ukraine and their budapest memorandum . 
   but a defense shield . 
  the us and eu caved to russian pressure though . 
  a defence shield is against the abm treaty and against mad , also , the us tried to sell the project as only a defence against iran , not against russia ( and it makes sense , as any of the gmds are more expensive than the mirvs they 'll have to destroy , also , [ they do n't really work ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ground-based_midcourse_defense ) ) ,  i am not sure it was 100 % of a bluff . 
  the energy situation in the us has made it less important to keep energy routes in north africa and the middle east safe . 
  the us has always seen the middle east as their area of influence , not because a direct need of energy but due to their relationships with saudi arabia , israel and egypt ( due to money , religion and suez respectively ) . 
  those relations have n't changed , and neither has us policy ( as seen recently in their answer to the arab spring in libya , egypt , bahrain , tunisia and yemen ) . 
   this is increasingly a european issue , and given how high income europe is , i am not sure the us will continue to foot the bill for this security indefinitely . 
  there 's this theory often repeated about us footing the bill for eu defence , but really , right now most us operations in eu are transport and refuelling ones ( we are a pit stop between us and me ) . 
  the exceptions are raf lakenheart ( due to their relationship with uk ) , aviano , in italy ( due to yugoslavian wars ) , spangdahlem , in germany , with a whole 1 squadron of f-16 , and the baltic nato air police ( that is n't an usaf mission but a nato one , with contributions from all members ) . 
  for completion , the us army keeps less than 20,000 soldiers in eu ( so a force similar to the portuguese army , and right now without mbt support ) , the navy keeps ( afaik ) 4 ddg destroyers and the marines keep some minor units ( some sof , embassy security ... ) so really , i do n't see how the us is footing the bill ( you did in the past , both through troops and through cheap sales to allies , and certainly you do in international ops , but you no longer do it in europe , mostly because russia 's conventional forces suck so much that the current conventional forces of eu countries would be more than enough to counter them ) . 
   especially given increasing pressure from us allies to increase presence in asia . 
  asean nations even have asked for the us to do so , knowing full well they share borders with china and threaten to anger china by doing so . 
  that does n't include very strong traditional us allies like sk and japan that would like to see more us presence . 
  as i said , you are free to grab your toys and go to asia ( where your forces will be much more useful ), 
  yep , they are free to take their toys and go home , but they wo n't because that was nothing beyond a bluff ( in fact another 500 marines just arrived to rota , because it 's safer to keep them in spain than in libya ) . 
  also , again , a real war against a real enemy in europe would require nukes , and without them you have lost no matter how capable your conventional forces are , as russia 's 743 t90s do n't scare anyone , it 's the topols , the bulavas and the blackjacks that could be a problem , and we are n't allowed to keep anything to counter them . 
  so really , what 's the point ?
