  there are mainly two reasons why we keep melilla : - it 's been part of spain since 1556 ( and before that , the city was created by people from the caliphate of cordoba ) . 
  - there are around 80,000 people living there who like being spaniards , and another 80,000 in ceuta , so i do n't see any reason for changing that . 
  and i 'm just saying that it 's easy to trivialize international problems when you are n't an interested party , but it 's also useless and tends to antagonize the other parties . 
  also , you 've failed at this reddit thingy , as every alusion to finnish territorial integrity should be answered with a reference to simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 . 
  by the same reasoning , finland should become part of russia , as it would also solve many problems . 
  actually , most of them come from senegal , mali , ghana and mauritania ( even though most claim to be from cote d'ivoire or liberia for asylum reasons ) , and while none of them are places where i 'd like to live ( specially mauritania and mali ) they are n't remotely like somalia . 
  yeah , we could have a fight even between the capitals and the second cities of most autonomies : santiago vs vigo , oviedo vs gij\u00f3n , torrelavega vs santander , bilbao vs vitoria vs donostia ... we are such a lovely bunch . 
  yeah , but ww2 is a touchy subject , and on saturday night the happy people have better things to do than posting , so we only have the angry ones , the loners and the drunks , and we are picky . 
  i too think the subject is interesting , but i also think the title could be seem as offensive to other countries of europe who also did n't massacre their jewish population , like the swedish , the fascist from both italy and spain , the swiss , or your own country . 
  thanks , i looked in el pais and el mundo and neither of them gave the news the `` first page treatment '' that the guardian has . 
  in any case , lets hope it amounts to something . 
  that 's a very unexpected news , and while it 's weird that i have n't found anything about this in local media , i really hope it 's true , as we 've already suffered enough . 
  thank you for the translation . 
  off course , as switzerland is a sovereign entity . 
  but the problem with leaving efta would be that whenever any freight train wanted to leave switzerland it would be subjected to custom controls and import taxes ( as it would then be entering the free trade area ) , therefore making transport between italy and germany through switzerland slower and more expensive than simply going though austria or france . 
  i 'm sure that 's what they 'll want , but the eu probably wo n't allow them to cherry-pick which of the four `` european freedoms '' they want , if only for the domino effect it would have in the union ( for example , the richer countries would probably try to emulate switzerland and the poorer would re-nationalize their industries , effectively destroying the eu ), 
  does anybody know what will happen with the [ gotthard base tunnel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gotthard_base_tunnel ) ? 
  as far as i know , without free trade through switzerland there 's no way it 'll ever be profitable . 
  you did n't have to study the [ 50 provinces ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_provinces_of_spain ) ? 
  i know that we spaniards have a terrible fame regarding fishing , but , at least according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fishing_industry_by_country ) , in europe the captures by norway are three times the ones we do , iceland fishes twice what we do and even the danish fisheries are larger than ours , so could you provide a source that explains your claims ? 
  i mean , i know that in the past we 've had lots of problems with fishing in canadian and irish waters , and probably our fame comes from then , but since the nineties spain has n't behaved worse than other countries . 
  yes new master !, 
  anything to please you !, 
  you can buy as many ~ ~ ilegal ~ ~ villas , ~ ~ ruinous ~ ~ construction business and ex-public utilities ~ ~ filled with politicians who expect their cut ~ ~ as you want . 
  also , if you are fast , you may be able to grab one of our famous cajas !, 
  who knows what 's inside them !, 
   of course the european commission say it does n't . 
  they announced the dates they were going to come and `` investigate '' and of course that day , traffic flowed perfectly . 
  why do you assume that the european commission only used their delegate visit as proof ? 
  i mean , they are n't stupid , and neither is your government , who surely provided them with images and testimonies of the situation from their point of view . 
   it 's a huge shame , there are thousands of people putting up with the spanish 's government perfect smoke screen for their shitty economy , high unemployment and corruption . 
   why ca n't they just get over that gibraltarians do n't want to be spanish . 
  i 'm all for great neighbourly communication at the end of the day spain benefits from gibraltar just as gibraltar benefits from spain . 
  i 'm not sure that i agree that the relationship is mutually beneficial for both countries , as many of those thousands of people that work in gibraltar while living in spain then pay their taxes in one side of the border while demanding public services in the other . 
  also , while i thank you for those jobs , there are more than 5 millions of unemployed people in spain , so it 's not like those jobs are saving our economy . 
  finally , i totally agree with your assertion that gibraltarian people do n't want to be spanish , and that this is a smoke screen , but you should also understand that spain , as a country , also has some rights , and among them we 're able to control our frontiers and decide who can cross , through where and when . 
  edit : i have n't downvoted you , as while i disagree with you , you make good points . 
  as i said , i disagree with the controls , but the current situation in gibraltar-spain frontier is n't worse than in our other land frontiers with non-schengen countries ( morocco and andorra ) and it is n't worse than lots of other international crossings ( try crossing between ju\u00e1rez and el paso ) . 
  also , you say that `` this violates human rights and freedom of movement '' , but the european commission says it does n't , and i can tell you some possible explanations for that : first , because there 's no human right to cross a frontier without controls , and secondly , because even if the framework of the eu guarantees the free movement of people through its states ( art 21 of tfeu ) , the protection of that right does n't require the removal of custom controls , as for that we have the schengen agreement , a treaty that the uk freely decided not to sign . 
  thus , i agree that my government are being assholes , but being an asshole is n't illegal . 
   they do n't follow eu laws i disagree with the controls , mostly because they punish the poor , who must wait , while the rich can simply travel by boat , but the ec disagrees with you . 
  actually , the court just ruled that there was no criminal liability , thus a civil court must now determine the non-criminal liabilities . 
  also , of course we fucking remember and care !, 
  i still find oil in the beach where i 've spend most of my summers !, 
  glad to be of help . 
  also , good luck with the project , do you already know what estonian product will putin ban this time ? 
  actually , you are n't allowed to do that , as every country must respect freedom of [ transit ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transit_passage ) ( trust me , if we could tax every ship that crosses the gibraltar strait , gibraltar , morocco and spain would be among the richest countries in the world ) . 
  edit : source . 
  if anyone is interested , this place is called `` los lagos de covadonga '' [ ( covadonga 's lakes ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lakes_of_covadonga ) , one of the nicest places in asturias ( and an awesome trekking route ) . 
  so , a group of 30 random people from some social ngos join for a chat in a random place and among them some propose that maybe they could try to become british and for that they could collect signatures . 
  please do n't post an article in a language that most people in / r/europe do n't understand and then editorialize the title so it looks like this is something official when it is n't . 
  yes , of course there are more reasons , but maybe , just maybe , if both sides started behaving like adults instead of like hooligans , maybe some issues could be solved , and hell , maybe then we 'd be able to solve irrelevant problems like the unemployment or the debt . 
  while i agree with your sentiment regarding intervention , i do n't really see how assad is more legitimate than any other dictator . 
  regarding perejil , i agree , keeping anything in the coast of africa but ceuta and melilla is an stupid expenditure , but calling the perejil incursion a war may be a little excesive . 
  also , the concept of the eez was stablished in 1982 , so obviously is not aplicable to 1976 . 
  regarding the 1997 action , it was stupid , as , as i said , spain does n't pretend the savage islands , only denies its eez ( we could argue ad infinitum about those claims , but probably we would n't reach an agreement ) then , regarding the 2005 `` incident '' those furtive fishermen were a bunch of assholes , and personally i think you should have acted like the russian navy ( shoot first , let the diplomacy solve it later ) also , the oil was found between lanzarote/fuerteventura and morocco , so in theory spain would have no need of territory to the north , also those low level flights and fishing incidents could be seen as a non acceptance of the current situation . 
  finally , it 's interesting how , according to your post in this thread , you assume that the spanish government airs these problems as a way of blowing off internal pressure ( i totally agree that 's the case regarding gibraltar ) , but in this case , is n't it the portuguese government who have unilaterally started its eez modification knowing it would cause a replica ? 
  i mean both countries economies are in the shitter , so maybe our government is n't the only one searching for an external enemy . 
  pd : i love portuguese language , it 's so easy to understand , yet so beautiful !, 
  so now not starting a war over the detention of some fishermen means our government accepts it ? 
  and also , it could also be said that that it 's amazing timing that portugal wants to expand its islands eezs just after the spanish and moroccans discover oil near the canary islands . 
  third paragraph of the linked article :  portugal said it wants to set up an exclusive economic zone off the coast of the savage islands , which , under the un convention of the law of the sea , would grant the country 12 nautical miles of territorial control around them and a claim to sovereign rights to explore , exploit , conserve and manage natural resources that exist within 200 nautical miles . 
  maybe the author is wrong , but that 's what it says , and it does n't state the savage islands eez as a fact , and neither does spain . 
  from the rediquette :  vote . 
  if you think something contributes to conversation , upvote it . 
  if you think it does not contribute to the subreddit it is posted in or is off-topic in a particular community , downvote it . 
  so you think explaining the spanish position does n't contribute to the conversation ? 
  well , in international law , when a country does n't oppose another country public actions it 's understood that the first country acquiesce such actions . 
  therefore , if spain claims that the savage islands do n't have an eez due to , according to your link , lack of a continental shelf and habitability of such islands , then it must diplomatically oppose the actions of portugal or it would be tacitly recognizing the portuguese claims , regarding both the existence of such continental shelf , and its habitability and therefore would , according to unclos , have to cede part of its own eez to portugal . 
  i do n't know nor care who 's right or who 's wrong , but , as i said , your claim that this does n't affect spain is wrong . 
  ( oh , and thank you for your downvote ), 
  so , if according to the article , neither country does currently have an eez in that area , then why did you editorialize the title by claiming spain is undermining such yet not existent eez ? 
  i mean , according to the link the only thing that has happened is that both portugal an spain claim the eez of some water and portugal has asked the un to clarify those matters , and that 's hardly a diplomatic conflict , that 's in fact how such a dispute should get solved . 
   this is something i do apologize for and admit i was wrong doing . 
  i will reverse them . 
  i only did such reactionary because i assumed you were doing the same to me , considering i was downvoted almost immediately after i posted . 
   but now i see that 's not the case , i 'll change it . 
  do n't worry , in fact i probably deserve some of those downvotes , as i may have been too `` in your face '' and also you do n't deserve your downvotes ( i gave you none of them , some lurker probably did ) . 
  also , while it 's evident that you and i have very different positions in these matters ( and it seems mine , while worse argumented than yours seems to be favoured in r/europe ) , i 'm glad to have had this conversation , as you seem well versed in the military history of europe and your reasoning hold lots of true . 
  have a nice day . 
  do you know where is spain and where is morocco ? 
  for an air strike in morocco and in algeria , spain would n't need any logistical capability ( not even air refueling ) , we would n't need your inteligence capabilities ( having your satellite capabilities would be nice , but we have huge humint and signit deployed there ) also , i 'm not sure how the fact that france wanted to save some money by passing you the bill means that they could n't do it by themselves , hell , when the falklands were invaded the uk was able to to fend off the argentinians by themselves in a different continent , because obviously a country will use every single resource when need arises ( the uk felt the integrity of its territory and the life of its citizens threatened ) , but wo n't break the piggy for defending some stupid country in bum-fuck africa . 
  also , regarding other of your points , what `` active defence '' does the us have in europe right now ? 
  while it 's true that during the cold war there were thousands of hundreds of us personnel in europe , right now most of your operations in our continent are simple pit stops for transport aircraft ( i think aviano , rammstein ) . 
  finally , as all of my post relate to this topic , i want an explanation about why did you downvote every single one of them only because you disagree with me . 
   yeah dude , totally fucking roll over every country in north africa . 
  you 're completely right bro . 
  / s as i said , if we needed to , we 'll do it , what you fail to understand is that we do n't need to do it because they are not a menace to us , in fact they are one of our closest allies but yeah , our 150 combat fighters ( f-18 and eurofighter ) , 5 aegis frigates and 6 ohp would be able to destroy the 40 or so fighters that morocco uses and the 70 that algeria have ( but we wo n't , because it would n't make any fucking sense ) . 
  if putin really wanted us death he 'll simply nuke us , and for that , our eurofighters would be quite useless . 
  sorry to burst your bubble , but the last time any spanish peninsular territory was invaded was in 1812 , and the last time any spanish territory was invaded by a world power was in 1898 ( and it was you ) so i 'm not sure how nato , funded in 1949 , has saved us spaniards from anything ( hell , you financed the dictator that ruled my country for at least two decades and even our fascist dictator had better relationships whit the soviets than you did ) . 
  but let 's talk about the threats to europe : - we border northern africa , and yes , they are an unruly lot , but they lack any military power , so they 're not a military threat to us ( if needed , my own country air force could destroy every single aircraft and ship from morocco and algeria , the only real military power in northern africa would be egypt , because you give them a shit ton of weapons , and they are too worried about israel to care about europe ) . 
  - then we have `` the evil east '' , those nefarious countries such as russia , ukraine or belarus , and while those countries all have huge armies , all of them lack any kind of power projection , so even if they decided to attack us they could only nuke us ( and for that , nothing you can do would protect us , specially not your `` anti missile shield '' ) . 
  but you know what 's the funny thing about those two threats ? 
  they all prefer to commerce with us instead of fighting us , so maybe the soft power does in fact , work . 
  also , you point at srebrenica , and you are totally right , we europeans dropped the ball and let milosevic kill tens of thousands of people in `` our backyard '' , it 's a shameful point in the history of europe , and we should work together so it never happens again , but well , at least we did n't sell him the weapons like you did in your backyard with pinochet , with the argentinian junta or with the contra , so i 'm not sure how you can claim any moral superiority . 
  finally , we , the eu , do n't border the middle east , turkey does and right now they do n't seem very interested in promoting peace and love . 
  between 2000 and 2013 there has n't been a single military menace to europeans , so of course we do n't need to spend that much , and for a counterpoint to this opinion piece , it could be said that we 've been able to maintain our safety and freedom for a far cheaper price than you americans , so maybe it 's you should stop spending like you 're in the middle of the cold war . 
  also , of course the balkans spend less now than in 2000 , they were still paying the bills for their nineties parties , and obviously the baltic and eastern europe also spent more in the nineties , as they were justifiable scared of the russians . 
  yeah , yesterday i felt dirty having to watch 13tv and intereconom\u00eda to get informed ( channels similar to fox ) while every other channel was worried with stupid crap like big brother . 
  in my school it was mentioned and so was the utrecht treaty and the lack of agreement between franco and hitler about an invasion during wwii , but not much beyond that .
