trust me , sometimes political change is a blessing . . 
  where do people get the idea that the five star party wants to leave the eu ? 
  i mean for real ? 
  they want to leave the euro , not the eu . 
  implying that europe ca n't defend itself against russia . 
  good , let the intelligence service and secret service work for their fucking money . 
  if those assholes want my data , they should earn it . 
  because we do n't like getting spied on from our fucking government , it 's that simple . 
  in polls he already is outperforming fillon , just saying . 
  yeah , because keynesianism did n't exist i guess , lmao . 
  where in my statement did i say that ? 
  i just stated the fact , that because of the rising international competition and the deindustrialisation the average worker in your country suffered in the last decades . 
  i 'm not in the working class , so i highly benefited from it . 
  i was talking about the rust belt , where many jobs were lost and people started to get angry . 
  your politicians did n't adress the needs of the people in those areas , and so they voted for the populist candidate . 
  i never spoke out against globalization buddy . 
  well of course it boosts economic growth , because people either have to work longer or for less money . 
  fuck that . 
  we did that in germany and we have the biggest low-pay sector in europe . 
  the richest get richer and the guys on the bottom have to work their ass off to survive . 
  if we do n't want conditions like we had in the 1930s we should begin to transfer money from the top to the bottom . 
  i do n't want us to get the shitshow you guys have with the orange clown , only because globalisation fucked your working class and the politicians did n't give a single shit . 
  so by saying that , you contradict your own statement . 
  because fillon is the classic neoliberal fucktard , exactly like reagan and thatcher , who wants to deregulate and privatize almost everything . 
  and we both know that this happens on cost of the regular people , because neoliberalism is nothing more than transfering money from the bottom to the top . 
  melenchon on the other hand would tax the rich and spend the money on healthcare , therefore either expanding it or make it more affordable . 
  in both cases the french people would save more money , which they then can spend on consuming and therefore helping their economy . 
  and if i understand you correctly you think it 's either fillon or macron who are going to be able to achieve that ? 
  roughly 45 million people in your country are dependent on food stamps , i really do n't think that you are qualified to talk about economics . 
  lmao , try harder . 
  i 'm not arguing with you anymore , you are not worth my time . 
  every dead human being is one too much , so stop spilling your bullshit agenda on me . 
  if you want war , take a plan to syria and fight . 
  there will never be an un resolution , so there will never be an intervention from neither germany nor france . 
  i 'm done here . 
  and look at the mess there now . 
  we had a secular dictatorship before , very stable . 
  now we have isis , a civil war and endless streams of people fleeing the country to seek asylum in europe . 
  sorry buddy , i 'll leave you in your black and white thinking . 
  look at what interventionism did with iraq and lybia , that 's everything you need to know . 
  assad is shit , but the rebels are way fucking worse . 
  claiming that turkey is a relieable source is an overstatement to say the least . 
  remember when they got caught talking about false flag attacks in syria ? 
  well i do : https://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/28/world/europe/high-level-leaks-rattle-turkey-officials.html and do you remember when they got caught sending weapons to the rebels in syria , rebel groups like al nusra ? 
  well i do : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-turkey-arms-iduskbn0o61l220150521 http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-turkey-arms-iduskbn0oe28t20150529 by the way , i love your way of discussing buddy . 
  personal insults and denouncing others wo n't get you very far in life . 
  surprising that some french still think that way , one would think you had enough terror attacks in france because of your engagement in lybia and syria . 
  the longer this war continues , the more people will flee the country . 
  so we should support at least the kurds to fight isis and al nusra . 
  europa ca n't afford syria to become an islamist shithole . 
  of course the syrian people should decide who their leader is , but in order to achieve that , assad has to win first against isis and al nusra . 
  then the international community has to put pressure on russia , so that there will be elections . 
  lmao , accusing people of being russian shills , only because they are sceptical about statements from the us-intelligence . 
  after the desaster in iraq and the claims of the cia that he was cooperating with al quaida and producing weapons of mass destruction , everybody should be doubting the official statements made by us officials . 
  what is the status quo ? 
  and what do you suggest to do ? 
  more war ? 
  that would mean more asylum seekers for europa , which it clearly ca n't handle right now . 
  and you know russia still holds their saving hand over assad , they will not give up on him . 
  so no , we should try to deescalate that conflict and solve our problems here in europe . 
  if you want action , i suggest you pack your stuff and join the rebels then to fight assad tough boy . 
  we have enough shit to deal with right now , the last thing europe needs is an intervention in syria . 
  yeah , let 's risk a war with russia then . 
  very wise decision . 
  yeah well , then fuck both of them . 
  funny since i never defended russia once in this thread . 
  and another one who does n't get it :d, 
  associating a german citizen with his government when he was n't even born , alright . 
  am i as a german not allowed to raise my opinion on the law because my government made a stupid doctrine , which they ended 25 years earlier then my date of birth ? 
  k. nice generalisation there . 
  yeah man , i get it i 'm a paid russian troll . 
  but before accusing me of being so maybe you should look up my history first . 
  and you still do n't get my point . 
  it 's not even about ukraine , it 's about the bullshit `` law is law '' , `` law and order '' narrative . 
  bullshit laws are not justified only because they are written down by a state . 
  do you get it now ? 
  i guess you mean my comment buddy . 
  and if you do so , i guess you also know that your comparison is utter bullshit . 
  i was reacting to a comment that said law is law . 
  my response was :  law is law . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuremberg_laws what i 'm actually trying to say is , that only because it is a law does n't justify it . 
  if you really think i 'm comparing both laws , and even remotely think they are equal you are a fool . 
  i 'm from germany and i should know better do n't you think ? 
  you relativize the atrocities the nazis did , when you compare russia to nazi germany . 
  is putin an authoritarian , rightwing asshole ? 
  yes he is , but comparing him to hitler is just plain stupid . 
  comparing russia with nazi germany is such a disgrace . 
  you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  and ukraine fell right into that trap . 
  good job , now russia can spin this right around their agenda . 
  yeah , maybe for a nationalist like you it 's not . 
  for the rest of europe it is . 
  it 's a bullshit law . 
   law is law . 
  edgy . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017#/media/file:opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017_macron%e2%80%93le_pen.png yeah man , she is definitely winning . 
  facts . 
  good one . 
  nazi-propaganda would be more accurate . 
  lmao good one , buddy .
