  you can do/be whatever you want , but people will then also judge you for it . 
  lol , k pal whatever you want . 
  i did n't decide that it 's not allowed . 
  i do n't think it 's appropriate but people are free to do whatever they want . 
  nationalists are still wrong in my opinion , simple as that . 
  triggered much ? 
  yeah they try to fit in with spreading their hateful ideology upon others . 
  it 's not like i have n't tried discussing with them . 
  i 've been as rational as i could be , but there 's no use . 
  i am not female . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  fuck alt-rigthers and their racist scum ideology . 
  same for you . 
  no need to shame you , alt-righters do that just by their own being the assholes they are . 
  but you are a legitimate source of course . 
  shitting far right-wing propaganda into the internet , what else ? 
  he actually is . 
  a classical trumpet , just look at his comment history . 
  i told you already i 'm 12 . 
  nah , but what 's the point of sending german sources , as if you could translate it . 
  jesus christ , i took your `` advice '' and googled . 
  this is just some random shit on the internet , but probs to you for thinking i really want to try to prove my point with this . 
  there are german sources , but as i said , no point of arguing with you honey . 
  yes , i 'm 12 . 
  and patriotism is the same as nationalism . 
  and serbia is a bad example . 
  and nationalism is n't about superiority of a country . 
  insulting others is also pretty smart . 
  we 're done here . 
   you tell im from poor east i really do n't understand your point there . 
   or problem is with anti-immigration or anti-islamism ? 
  i 'm just quoting you on this , you have to decide which one it is . 
  immigration in general or illegal immigration . 
   you assume too much so stop and reread again its not so hard not really . 
  because you say that you have a problem with islam , but you also know that muslims are related to islam then ? 
   what you mean by `` your '' definition of nazi ? 
  there are more than one ? 
  you were implying that i had some sort of personal definition of a nazi , which i do n't have . 
  all i know is , that the identitarians are a right-wing extreme/alr-right/nazi organisation . 
  they are tied to bloc identitaire , whose founders were members of unit\u00e9 radicale , a group that was banned because they tried to assasinate jacques chirac . 
  unit\u00e9 radicale was absolutely racist , so yes i think they are nazis . 
  https://www.quora.com/what-is-the-difference-if-any-between-nationalism-and-patriotism there 's no point of arguing with you about this topic . 
  you can keep calling yourself a nationalist , but do n't be surprised if people act hostile towards you , because they righfully do . 
  unit\u00e9 radicale was absolutely racist . 
  do you really think these guys just changed their opinions ? 
  they are only changing they way they express their ideology so that they do n't seem so extreme anymore . 
  that 's why it 's so dangerous and easy to fall for right-wing propaganda , because they adapted the way of pr to a modern standart . 
   that example is horrible . 
  yeah , because it does n't fit your narrative . 
   the killings and wars happened specifically because yugoslavs suppressed nationalism lol . 
  thank you for proving my point . 
   and the situation that arose during its fall was a result of hundreds of years of various factors , including ethnic , national , diplomatic , religious , and territorial tensions . 
  which ended in full-blown nationalism , civil-war and ethnic cleansing . 
   if you are going to bring up such a horrible example , at least pick one that the other person is n't more knowledgeable than you in . 
  jeez buddy , stop being so triggered . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6oml10/defend_europe_identitarians_charter_a_ship_to/dkil2wc/ yeah , no nazi propaganda at all . 
  nope , maybe in your attic somewhere they are , but outside of that they are different . 
  man you really triggered our right-wing snowflake there buddy , well done . 
  i 'm quite sure he did n't mean these values , but if so count me fucking in :d, 
  i 'm not trying to argue here , the identitarians are right-wing extremists/alt-right/nazi or whatever you might call them . 
  and to point that out is not wrong , because that 's basically what they are . 
  just as i wrote in a different comment :  you can critizise the immigration policies of the european union without sympathizing with nazis , who says otherwise ? 
  i 'm curious to know what these ominous `` traditional western values '' actually are . 
  feel free to explain them to me . 
  so you are basically against every form of immigration , which would suggest that you are xenophobe . 
  and you also do n't like islam , which means what ? 
  you do n't like the religion itself or muslims ? 
  maybe you should differentiate between both do n't you think ? 
  where exactly did i argue my definition of nazi ? 
  did you look them up before commenting here or do you just think you sound smart defending right-wing extremists ? 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloc_identitaire before they called themselves identitarians they were basically all members of unit\u00e9 radicale , a group which tried to kill the french president chirac in 2002 , the reason why the french government banned them in the end . 
  do n't you think they are extreme ? 
  maybe you do n't think it 's extreme . 
  i for certain do and so does our secret service and a lot of political scientists do as well . 
  maybe , but just maybe they are seen as right wing extremists because they actually are . 
  sorry to disappoint you , but you mean patriotism . 
  i did contribute to the discussion by implying that he should ignore said user , because of his nazi propaganda in this thread . 
  1/10 for effort tho . 
  most recent european example ? 
  serbia during the yugoslav wars . 
  no worries , i will continue to do so since he is a nazi . 
  you can critizise the immigration policies of the european union without sympathizing with nazis , who says otherwise ? 
  maybe you should look up the identitarians first , because they basically are just hipster nazis . 
  insulting others without contributing anything useful to the discussion surely makes you smart . 
  the identitarians are under observation by german secret service , they are not just against illegal immigration . 
  they are just hipster nazis , and if you stand 100 % behind their ideology you are a right-wing extremist , easy as that . 
  nobody is allowed to be fucking nationalistic , because it defines your country as superior . 
  look at fucking nazi germany or serbia and the outcomes of it . 
  it 's better to just ignore this motherfucker . 
  hatred and military expansion were the fundamentals of national socialism you idiot . 
  it 's insane how many upvotes this extreme right-wing propaganda gets in here . 
  cough , cough . . something , something third reich/world war 2 . 
  are you mental ? 
  100 % behind right wing extremism ? 
  you sure seem to be a cool dude . 
  which actions are you referring to ? 
  well , he maybe he gets called a nazi because he is a fucking nazi ? 
   well that already happened in the past . 
  poland has quite the experience in the matter in particullar that was long before the eu existed , since then we are having peace . 
  and may be like : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnh-1libdty,
