   but then again , we are better than you guys . 
  good one , pal . 
  lmao, 
  are you not able to understand basic graphs ? 
  no shit sherlock . 
  https://scholar.princeton.edu/sites/default/files/mgilens/files/gilens_and_page_2014_-testing_theories_of_american_politics.doc.pdf well , if you are an average citizien , you technically do n't have any influence on the policies of your country . 
  exactly , as we can see in the middle east with all the asylum seekers heading towards europe . 
  destabilizing a nuclear power is complete bollocks . 
  because regime changes worked out very fine since the 1950 's right ? 
   god . 
  germans get so high on their own conceit . 
  nice generalization there buddy . 
  this guy may be an idiot , but that does n't mean that every german shares the same opinion . 
  is it time again ? 
  rightfully so , since the statement is utter bullshit . 
  under the current circumstances definitely not , that 's absolutely true . 
  you guys have to fix that shit with russia first , and as you said you definitely need reforms as well . 
  it 's not like the eu would let ukraine in any time soon . 
  rightfully so . 
  after you have fixed your corrupt system , the eu will welcome you with open arms . 
  yeah , because americans already felt the impact of a shitty healthcare system and free market . 
  average wages have declined for almost four decades now , whereas inequality has reached its highest point . 
   fn are finished . 
  kek, 
  lmao dude . 
  take your breitbard-bullshit somewhere else . 
  once you educated yourself we can have a discussion , but until then i will enjoy your tears when le pen loses today , 
  yeah i get it . 
  but you know what i meant by `` voting white '' , right ? 
  okay , i get it now . 
  you tried to make a joke . . 
  i 'm really sorry , but blaming stein voters for trump 's win is just preposterous . 
  hillary is the definition of establishment and no-change-politics . 
  people in the rust belt were/are furious , because for years nobody gave a shit about them . 
  and hillary is one of those politicians . 
  why would they vote for her if they know nothing will get better for them when she is elected ? 
  they wanted change but not supporting trump , so they chose stein . 
  if anything it 's hillary 's fault for not campaigning in the rust belt and taking the votes of those states for granted . 
  cough ... electoral college ... cough . 
  that 's not even remotely true . 
  hillary won the popular vote by almost 3 million votes . 
  therefore she lost because the electoral college is undemocratic as hell . 
  furthermore she lost in some swing states , mainly in the rust belt , because she did n't offer change but more of the same-politics . 
  and people in that area gathered behind the populist candidate . 
  i know what fn stands for , i just had to write a research paper about it . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  one can only hope . 
  yep , that 's my apprehension as well . 
  yeah , feel free to elaborate your assumption . 
  he won because the electoral college in the usa is undemocratic as fuck , hillary got almost 3 million more voters . 
  there are many reasons why she lost , but not because of voter turnout . 
  so what ? 
  making his vote invalid is also part of democracy , if he does n't support either of the candidates it 's his choice to stay absent in the voting booth . 
  well , we had a discussion a few days ago and he told me that he despises le pen with every vein in his body , but at the same time macron means kind of status-quo and an economic neo-liberal agenda which he absolut does n't want to support . 
  i would vote for macron , since he at least understands that the eu needs changes and i really hope he succeeds , because if he does n't i 'm afraid the next french president will be whoever the fn picks as its candidate in 5 years . 
  well , as it seems people get tired of voting for the lesser of two evils . 
  my french buddy said he would have voted for macron if the election was close , since this is not the case he will vote `` white '' . 
  no shit , i think almost everybody in germany knows that this is coming . 
  it 's just a matter of time and i 'm actually surprised that the bubble did n't burst already . 
  doting sch\u00e4uble . 
  because they are even too dumb to realise that propagandising neo-liberal free market economics does n't attract workers at all . 
  fp\u00d6 and fn for example are very left when it comes to their economical proposals . 
  afd centre-right ? 
  they are pure right-wing . 
  okay , thanks for clarifying the whole situation . 
  and i completetely understand , why workers in norway are worried about competition from foreigners . 
  do you have a minimum-wage in norway ? 
  thank you very much . 
  i really appreciate your effort . 
  do you maybe have a link with national polls for me ? 
  thanks for making me laugh buddy :d, 
  i agree with you . 
  did you read the leaked documents or why are you assuming that the benefits outweigh the risks ? 
  the public deserves more transparency when it comes down to decisions , which have such a large impact on their lives . 
  it is still a big if . 
  if the us would change its stance on isds , then yes i agree with you on this issue . 
  but as long as this is still on the table i do n't want ttip . 
  not everybody is educated or informed enough to avoid buying unhealthy stuff . 
   resistance from the eu side to the us proposal to include an isds clause in the draft transatlantic trade and investment partnership treaty was such as to cause this element to be abandoned in september 2015 . 
  in its place , the european commission proposed an investment court system ( ics ) . 
  [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] not long afterwards , ics was declared illegal by the german association of magistrates , [ 17 ] though the commission dismissed the magistrates ' judgement as based on a misunderstanding . 
  [ 18 ] for its part , the united states wants isds reinstated . 
  i just hope that you are right and the eu stands firm on this position . 
  i like your way of arguing dude . 
  personal insults and defamation left and right . 
  reducing his whole program on one proposal , nice try . 
  https://www.pressprogress.ca/5_times_canada_got_sued_under_nafta_for_trying_to_protect_its_environment https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/investor-state_dispute_settlement#debates_and_criticism they key factor here :  resistance from the eu side to the us proposal to include an isds clause in the draft transatlantic trade and investment partnership treaty was such as to cause this element to be abandoned in september 2015 . 
  in its place , the european commission proposed an investment court system ( ics ) . 
  [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] not long afterwards , ics was declared illegal by the german association of magistrates , [ 17 ] though the commission dismissed the magistrates ' judgement as based on a misunderstanding . 
  [ 18 ] for its part , the united states wants isds reinstated . 
  and by the way philipp morris sued both australia and uruguay , both because of restrictions towards smoking . 
  they lost both cases , but in my opinion this should not be possible in the first place . 
  by prohibiting commercials i do n't mean said company but commercials for tabacco in general . 
  so you still think it 's fair ? 
  nope , nobody told me that it is bad and i should feel bad . 
  you are trying to imply , that i did n't inform myself about the topic , which is wrong . 
  a government could try putting forth laws that would hurt the profit of a tabacco company , by prohibiting commercials for tabacco in general for example . 
  the government could simply try to protect their people from the proven side effects of smoking , but a company like philip morris could then proceed to sue said government because of an estimated decrease in revenue . 
  do you really think that is a good thing ? 
  yeah , like putting forth laws that could hurt the profit of a tabacco company , by prohibiting commercials for example .
