well , gays make _ me _ feel weird as well , but i sure as hell do n't want whatever their activities are to be banned . 
  it does n't matter how something makes you feel , or whether you are insulted by something . 
  such issues are entirely subjective and must not be the cause of illegality . 
  well , we technically have n't seen any proof that drinking milk actually reduces the risk of pedophiles molesting children irl . 
  yet drinking milk is perfectly legal . 
  fact is that `` children '' depicted in these drawings have no age , therefore no underage related laws should be able to affect them . 
  thus , it might be better in the long run for the eu to be further integrated and have more power over each member state . 
  however , its seems that each and every country is only looking for short-term gains for itself . 
  and leading that charge as always , is the 51th state of the us . 
  yes , the euro situation never works . 
  that 's why the us decided long ago that every state had to have its own currency . 
  their economies were just too different . 
  if the vote is illegal , how is it going to be organized without the support of the central government ? 
  would there even be time to invite independent monitor ? 
  and how would the public know that the result was n't somehow manipulated ? 
  i truly hope this will change somewhat in the coming months, 
  wait a second !, 
  there are no roller coasters in bulgaria, 
  there 's absolutely nothing wrong with telling your editors to look into a story . 
  in fact , that 's pretty much what journalism means . 
  saying that it 's an act to discredit anyone is simply retarded . 
  they also kinda helped start the war by allying with germany and attacking poland , so ... 
  most people view the presence of the red army back then as invaders , rather than liberators from the nazis , to which we were allied to at the beginning of the war . 
  and there are n't a lot of monuments dedicated to invaders . 
  i 'm confused . 
  are n't these quotas there to help hungary out ? 
  well , we 've been taking them for a couple of years now , and civilization as a whole has n't crumpled yet . 
  this quote as a whole does n't even concern us , regardless of its outcome . 
  bulgaria was well ahead of the quote before it was even decided . 
  i do n't see why we would oppose it when we already have more than those numbers . 
  is it ? 
  bulgaria for example has registered more than the current allotted quote , and we are pretty eastern as far as geography is concerned, 
  i 'm waiting for facts from both of you, 
  even roma people do n't tolerate roma people . 
  they are always fighting among themselves around here . 
  escort the boats safely back to africa , then confiscate and sink them . 
  they 're bound to run out of boats soon enough . 
  that 's why i 'm subscribed to hbo go , instead of netflix . 
  in bg , the netflix library it atrociously poor , whereas hbo go is only ~ 4 eur per month . 
  and the later , while at any given point contains less titles , is updated every week with something . 
  hey now !, 
  bulgaria 's got 0 per million terrorists, 
  i know , right . 
  deadpool was n't half bad at all . 
  exactly . 
  its the same as firing a weapon . 
  as an adult , i do n't want anyone to tell me that i ca n't do that . 
  it 's not my problem if a bullet hits someone . 
  i 'm personally not aware of any other state that has achieved such a degree of paperless-ness , or allows so many things to be done over the net . 
  i 'm assuming its our political leaders . 
  he snapped his fingers ? 
  maybe [ tarnovo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veliko_tarnovo ) . 
  no idea . 
  can someone explain why he wants eu workers to stop receiving benefits ? 
  are n't they paying taxes to the uk while working there ? 
  i only wash them with soap when i shit on them . 
  that does n't happen very often, 
  federation borders should really be enforced by the federation itself . 
  whether that should be done by sponsoring border states or having a federation wide policing does n't really matter . 
  placing that burden on piss-poor states and then wondering why people get in is just showing bad judgement . 
  also , that dublin refugee agreement is retarded . 
  why the fuck should refugees be left as the sole burden of the state where they were registered . 
  core states will almost never get refugees directly , showing how that agreement only caters to them . 
  these insanely low taxes have been there long before the eu . 
  wow , these feminists are quite literally raping his freedom . 
  supporting terrorist groups , spreading hate speech and wanting to abolish the current law system and enact laws based on religion in your secular country should be considered illegal . 
  ahh yes , the balkans . 
  the source of all your problems, 
  it 's a shame that a terrorist act is used as an excuse to give more power to an already power-hungry authority . 
  ca n't finland issue state-owned semi-autos to these reservists , and if money is concerned , have them pay an ` entrance fee ' that would be the same price as the gun in question ? 
  what 's the problem with banning semi autos ? 
  well , they have chosen to be dirt poor , and we all know that money buys bombs and bullets , so there . 
  we should start by outlawing wahabi ( wasabi , or however the hell you spell it ) islam the same way the germans outlawed scientology . 
  it 's a lot more likely that the attacks have been done by people who have live a in france for a long time , or were born there . 
  the refugee crisis seems unrelated, 
  joke 's on you , we do n't have bombers . 
  i think we sent army medics or something . 
  but hey , if you want to play the blame game , its nice that the uk wants to accept a whopping 10 migrants this year . 
  the actual border checkpoints have n't been closed off . 
  the fence is for everything else . 
  but i guess you chose to ignore that fact . 
  the fact is that if you try to cross a border illegally , tear gas might be the least of your problems . 
  and in this case i think nato has to be involved as well . 
  the terminal velocity of a .30 caliber bullet is supposed to be 90 m/s . 
  for skin penetration , 61 m/s is the required velocity . 
  i doubt it can penetrate bone though . 
  white guilt does n't apply to quite a few countries, 
  me too . 
  christian schools are fucking retarded . 
  and why would you pick an instrument of torture that was used to kill your god ( or its son ) as your religious symbol ... 
  `` shitty '' sanctions is one of the reasons russia 's economy is tanking , iirc ( the other being oil prices ), 
  i think it targets potential sex slaves, 
  is it obvious though ? 
  there 's a greater chance that erdogan staged the whole thing just to do a purge . 
  how are you so sure of anyone 's absolute guilt in the matter ? 
  norway has agriculture ? 
  in what way does the religion influence the government ? 
  afaik its quite separated . 
  i 've been out of the loop for a while . 
  what references state that only 0.031 % of the uk population benefit from staying in the uk ?
