  default is not going to help in fixing that, 
  can you give an example of a country that declared default and throve using new currency in the short term ? 
  greece gdp accounts for 1.2 % of eu gdp . 
  money is not the issue . 
  credibility of the currency is . 
  without ecb seal of approval , their banknotes are as good as the ones you xerox, 
   been moving billions to countries such as italy now , that is a smart move !, 
  you guys do n't use touch\u00e9 ? 
  be my guest and try solve the pension problem . 
  it is , along with the public health system , the main economic problem of all first world nations ( us wo n't count - reader to find why so ) . 
  anyway , what is it about the idea of having immigrants working regularly and paying taxes to maintain your pension that you do n't like , exactly ? 
  it does not matter . 
  as long as they have legal status they can work and integrate . 
  if they come illegally they are more likely to end up not contributing and they definitely wo n't pay taxes . 
  most eu countries have very low demographic indexes ; without immigration they would n't and wo n't be able to pay pensions, 
  what is this ? 
  why all the immigration threads get suddenly populated by super vocal scandinavian who do n't want immigration ? 
  what you guys do n't understand is that reducing the number of legal immigrants simply means increasing the number of illegal entries . 
  those people will keep coming because there is no way they can be stopped all over the mediterranean . 
  some of the wars that are devastating africa were brought in by europe and now to see so many people say `` sorry pal we ca n't help you here stay there and fight for your life '' is truly disheartening . 
  / r/adfreetime is what i use to access worldwide netflix catalogue . 
  works beautifully . 
  a small hit ? 
  all the foreign the companies that distribute to eu and are now in the uk will relocate . 
  my wife 's american company was about to open a centre in cambridge . 
  just the thought of the brexit made them decide for holland instead . 
  italians have been pushing for eurobond since a long time , well before the brexit . 
  the want eurobond to pay for fiscal stimulus . 
  the problem is that this amounts , factually , to have italy ( and greece and portugal ) spend money and germans pay interests back . 
  it 's not quite a convenient bargain for germans . 
  the usa have their own culture of course but it is by no means `` synonymous of western culture '' . 
  for every crazy guy like this one , there are 100.000 refugees or more who can start a new life and are grateful to merkel . 
  you should factor this in too, 
  most of the attacks are carried by people who were born and raised in europe actually . 
  it 's by no means a referendum on the eu . 
  it ' a referendum on internal constitutional changes that would change the structure of the chambers ( creating something a bit more similar to the chamber of lord than the senate ), 
  there is nothing wrong with schengen actually . 
  brits are afraid of it but opting out schengen does not really add much security , it just slows down movement . 
  but that 's what the left is about though . 
  it 's about educating people on the fact that immigration is good for the economy and good for the culture . 
  the problem with corbyn is that he just not able to do that , he is just a very uncharismatic person . 
  his defence of eu was pathetic, 
  oh there you go . 
  now that you ca n't blame eu any longer you are ready at blaming the scots ? 
  why do n't you turn the tv : you may discover that project fear was in fact project fucking facts, 
  west germany received $ 1.5 b of marshall money while the uk received $ 3.3 b of marshall aid . 
  in fact , the uk are the country that received most money . 
  do you know what market agreements are for ? 
  they are not for tariffs and they are not to cut red-tape . 
  those two things are marginal . 
  market agreements ( like efta ) are about fighting protectionism . 
  if the uk want to trade outside of a market agreement with eu they will encounter a wall of protectionism on the other side and their export will crumble in value . 
  why do you think every country ( usa , canada , au ) want some kind of market agreement with eu ? 
  because market agreements are good for the economy . 
  so , there is no fucking way that the uk will prosper outside of the european market . 
  not a single chance , and that 's what virtually 100 % of economists are predicting . 
  btw , uk exports quite a bit of services and those are not like factories . 
  they are very easy to relocate . 
  frankfurt and amsterdam and paris will be very happy at welcoming service provider into the eu again . 
  so that 's another huge part of the uk export that is gone forever . 
  it will be a huge recession for the uk , there is overwhelming academic consensus on that . 
  but feel free to call this scaremongering . 
  the alternative is : uk leaves the eu but joins efta and schengen . 
  that would be the most ironic outcome for ukip voters : they would keep sending money to the eu and they would have to enter schengen . 
  also they lose any kind of political representation !, 
  at least now the uk could veto entrance of turkey or albania or whatever they do n't like . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  this is part of the political damage that brexit inflicted to the uk . 
  it will erode reputation . 
  italy went through the same with berlusconi ; the us with trump ; etc. 
  it is a silly , irrational reaction but it is too be expected . 
  at the end of the day , this kind of idiotic chauvinism is what makes wars possible . 
  and to said it all , leavers approach to brexit is incredibly arrogant and based on wishful thinking . 
  this is the most stupid argument of them all . 
  what the fuck it is supposed to mean ? 
  the eu does not run at zero cost : every country pays some ( ridiculously small ) share to keep the machine running and they get back access to a regulated market , trade deals , scientific partnerships . 
  the uk were never supposed to get money back from the eu . 
  it 's not a freaking slot machine . 
  it is not . 
  this is exactly what it would happen . 
  trading goods with other countries require an agreement that the goods have been manufactured according to commonly adopted standard ( for instance , the iso9000 ) . 
  at the moment , the uk have trade deals that delegate checking those standards to the uk themselves - in a wto option , everything would have to be renegotiated . 
  if you are shipping a package of x to country y , country y will not receive unless a delegated body has made sure that it conforms to iso 9000 . 
  read the document i linked , in particular , the part titled `` tariff and non-tariff barriers '' . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/5741129a-4510-11e6-b22f-79eb4891c97d  can the uk just go ahead and trade under wto terms as soon as it leaves the eu ? 
  in practice , the uk would have to detach itself from the eu and regularise its position within the wto before it could sign its own trade agreements , including with the eu . 
  as roberto azev\u00eado , the wto 's director-general , said recently , there is no precedent for a wto member extricating itself from an economic union while inside the organisation . 
  the process would not be easy and would likely take years before the uk 's wto position was settled , not least because all other member states would have to agree . 
  read this : http://www.eureferendum.com/documents/wtooption001.pdf the wto option is not a fallback option . 
  it 's an option that actually takes lots of new negotiations . 
  at the moment , there is not a single country in the world trading with eu only under wto terms . 
  there is no academic economic scenario of the no-deal brexit simply because it 's pure madness to consider one . 
  the wto director-general himself could not be more clear about the fact that wto trading is not a short term option : https://www.ft.com/content/5741129a-4510-11e6-b22f-79eb4891c97d, 
  first of all , it 's not just the eu . 
  at the moment we trade with non-eu countries through eu agreements . 
  getting out of the single market means losing those agreements too . 
  every export would stop for at least months , to the entire world . 
  second , the shock would be so massive to create a state of chaos and confusion and you ca n't price that . 
  people would lose their jobs overnight . 
  imports of food would stop and there would be looting at supermarkets .
