i 'd like to see some statistics supporting your arguments thanks . 
  not sure i get the point about japan australia and new zealand not being in the eu, 
  that 's like saying to the friend with kids who is about to divorce : come one look at jim , her never got married on the first place and he is totally enjoying life !, 
  why are you assuming that those who flee are not doctors but illiterate farmers ? 
  yeah but this is greece we are taking about . 
  what could possibly go wro . . oh . . 
  that is the whole problem . 
  sorry to beef blunt but greece has never been in the condition to `` fight '' , only to beg . 
  how are they supposed to be threatening their creditors ? 
  that 's actually not true . 
  troika had plenty of suggestions about labor market and privitizations that were never followed , for political reasons . 
  oecd even produced 2 entires toolkits on greece . 
  if ecb stops sending euros to greek banks , that 's pretty much it . 
  greece will have to start printing new currency and european treaty make it illegal for a country to officially use two currencies . 
  money were given to greece during these years with the condition that they would cut expenses and start reforms to increase productivity . 
  the previous governments did do some of the former ( but little of the latter ) ; the current government did nothing and refuses to do anything . 
  technically , a no vote means that they feel legitimate to continue to act like this and therefore this means a grexit . 
  what if you are kicked out from the euro ? 
  i keep reading this over and over . 
  look , it 's not a difficult concept : a grexit would be catastrophic . 
  compared to grexit , any austerity package looks like a walk in the park . 
  everyone knows that . 
  a no vote is pretty much a sure grexit . 
  a yes vote , means government will have to change and perhaps new measures taken . 
  i am personally quite afraid it may be too late to avoid grexit now . 
  the current government was way too damaging . 
  but still there is no rational reason to push for no unless 1 ) you believe yv 's lies or 2 ) you are an armchair revolutionary who lives abroad . 
  agreed . 
  usually is the other way round . 
  it 's the imbeciles who are always cocksure, 
  if greece were to leave the ez , nothing would happen . 
  no other country is in such a bad shape politically and economically . 
  and remember you have to take both into account : italy went through similar yet milder scenario in 2013 when berlusconi 's inefficiency became unbearable . 
  not it 's tsipiras who made him self unfit for the job, 
  shipping companies do not pay greek taxes on business done outside greece , they pay them in the country where they do business . 
  you ca n't really double tax them . 
  that 's the case for pretty much all shipping companies in the world, 
  sorry i did not make myself clear . 
  i used to live there till 2010 . 
  i am no longer in the usa . 
  yes britons do n't give a fuck about draft . 
  electricity in the bathroom on the other hand ... 
  it 's actually true . 
  it happened to me . 
  unemployment figures in greece are pretty much identical to the ones in spain actually . 
  but yes , greek outlook is worse . 
  to me it just tells how insignificant gdp ppp is as a measure of wealth . 
  i have lived in the usa 5 years and i 'd rather stay anywhere else in eu . 
  edit : let me clarify . 
  a lot of my dislike for the usa is cultural and you ca n't account for it in numbers . 
  for instance the culture of fud is a killer for me . 
  well , not necessarily . 
  one may argue that pruning greece is a necessity but painful step towards a stronger euro, 
  internal transfers are not controlled, 
  greece is solvent and can use ela . 
  the day a default is declared it wo n't be eligible to use ela any longer . 
  not sure what else shall i link other than the official eu document . 
  default may happen on july 14 th when greece will have to liquidate japan for 150m, 
  you are talking conspiracy theories . 
  please inform yourself . 
  also see here https://www.ecb.europa.eu/mopo/ela/html/index.en.html what part of `` solvent financial institutions '' is not clear ? 
  ela does not work with insolvent countries . 
  your parent poster is right . 
  also , ez gave countless advantages to greek economy , which they could not capitalise on . 
  look at how greece gdp grew from 1999 to 2007, 
  not really . 
  there was a lot they could have done about privatization and about capital chasing that they did n't do . 
  going after the powerful is not something politicians particularly like . 
  please someone photoshop angela merkel mother of dragons, 
  not sure that 's a language problem ... 
  according to bbc , one of the conditions is for tspiras to actively campaign for yes at referendum . 
  if it 's true , this sounds like a move worth of game of thrones, 
  look , you can find all the excuses you want . 
  the point is : you have only your politicians to blame . 
  i am italian and i know very well what it means to have an abysmal political class . 
  i am one of those who left italy 15 years ago and i am not looking back . 
  never , not even once , will you hear me blame the euro currency or angela merkel or the fucking marshall plan over italy 's disgraceful situation : the culprit goes to those in power who , for the past 40 years , acted like crooks . 
  how greeks fail to recognize this , is beyond me . 
  greece received $ 240bn only in 2010 and 2012 . 
  btw , greece was one of the recipients of the marshall plan . 
  perhaps the fact that germany was bombed , destroyed and separated ? 
  can you please bring some numbers in support of your statement ? 
  are you aware that this is the case in all world 's capitals ? 
  cost of life in athens is about 35 % cheaper than rome . 
  average rent in athens is 70 % cheaper than rome . 
  average pension in greece is only 50-100 euro less than spain or italy . 
  when it comes to cost of living i wo n't even put london into perspective . 
  greek people have been living for years waaaaay above their means . 
  the crisis brought things down to a level where you are now like portugal spain or italy . 
  your poverty rate , unemployment rate , are identical to the ones in spain . 
  there 's no limit on card transactions . 
  this is just a measure took avoid bank runs, 
  that 's why i said short term . 
  and anyway , the whole point of greece condition is that they are * not * germans, 
  well , troika did ask for reforms . 
  they clearly indicated which ones but greece did non implement them , beside the ones introducing austerity . 
  so who is to blame , really ? 
  greece has had years of abysmal politics . 
  even worse than italy . 
  this brought inefficiency , unemployment , high debt , tax evasion .
