  you bring all arguements to personal ones , you know full well that there are some pretty racist users here , i was talking about them . 
  and sharing my 0.2 $ , the first comment was not directed at you as you can see . 
  :d but you know what i meant bro, 
  you are turkish now ? 
  sultan recep of house erdo\u011fan , first of his name , ruler of turkey , the one true sultan of the ottoman empire , the caliph reborn , sultan protector of turks , the sultan that was promised , the simit seller who mounts the world , long may he live !, 
  we are the most conspiracy theory believers in the entirety of the world by far . 
  every single singer/actor of ours is an illuminated masonic knights templar , there are all seeing eyes and pyramids/triangles everywhere . 
  it is not even propaganda , everyone immedietaly thinks this is a play by the west . 
  you are delusional if you think bankruptcy is n't a legitimate reason for not sending soldiers to a place . 
  what does jordan have to gain from sending soldiers ? 
  none of the people fighting against isis is fighting out of the goodness of their heart . 
  they were either attacked by isis or are attacking them to further an agenda . 
  poor nations have been going to war and have been staying poor . 
  war costs money . 
  they 'll have to cross a desert , thus use huge amounts of oil , ammo , food , water . 
  people are forgetting logistics every time they talk war . 
  logistics alone are a good reason not to go to war . 
  logistics cost money , which could easily be spent somewhere else . 
  considering that jordan has nothing to gain from attacking . 
  i did n't mention that i did n't believe the u.s would cover the costs of a jordanian military intervention . 
  the u.s has found the perfect cure , it will take a bit longer but sooner or later the kurdish , syrian and iraqi armies will prevail . 
  there is no need to get jordan involved . 
  but maybe u.s would cover the costs , i do not know , i just thought it was unlikely . 
  did you win the lottery ? 
  you are so generous today haha, 
  i am dmg in csgo and was high + in cod4 , my virtual aim is absolutely immense , i have played all modern warfares and have killed many virtual terrorists and bad men . 
   possible large loss for isis in a few days, 
  ftfy, 
  isis could n't capture a cut off kobane from ypg , i do n't think they are gon na fare better against the pesh . 
  they are better equipped and supplied . 
  oh fuck my disguise is blown, 
  pkk has harmed turkey more than isis . 
   syria is not for the syrians , and iraq is not for the iraqis , but of course there is no long term threat to turkey from isis , because they will totally refuse to recruit , radicalise and return turks . 
  i do not understand a single thing you said here . 
  especially the first sentence . 
  isis can not recruit as many turks compared to arabs and kurds simply because turks are naturally more secular and less religious than middle easterns . 
   what makes the policy stupid as well as a crime is that if pkk control tel abayd, 
  how is it a crime ? 
  pkk is a terrorist group , you deem anything done against your favourite group to be a crime , but it is n't at all . 
  this would be perfect for western nations . 
  i know you hate us and all , but do n't make me laugh . 
  do not talk about a country you have n't visited and seen first hand like you know all about it . 
  whether it is praise or negative criticism about it . 
  tell me more about the country i am living in now , tell me about my friends , neighbours , relatives , and their views about religion and akp . 
  you didnt give a single source for the anti semitism, 
  and do whatever the fuck you want :d delusional retard thinking he is changing the world or something haha, 
  come back to me when i can see a kurdistan on world maps, 
  not an issue , unless you were a turk living in thrace who was forcibly exchanged by the greek government in return for other greek citizens . 
  kurds actually still do not have their own state . 
  i do n't know you tell me , you were giving full support to israel and their murders in gaza on / r/kurdistan, 
  stronger than the factions , weaker than saa most likely and although this sub would tell you hizbullah could go head to head with israel , they simply cant . 
  hizbullah , isis and hamas united or not can not end israel . 
  i do n't know where the underestimation of israel comes from . 
  idf is incredibly well trained , mossad probably knows how many times nasrallah brushes his teeth a day . 
  their technology is superior , intel is superior , they are allied to usa , have incredible training and if it all goes to shit , israel will take down all of middle east with them with their nukes . 
  arabs and muslims just have to learn to live with israel , they are here to stay whether you like it or not . 
  alevis do n't learn they are sunni 's . 
  the religion lessons in turkey are a farce , it basically just is a history lesson about the life of mohammed and every single year you learn the same battle of uhud and other stuff . 
  the thing with alevi 's is that they are n't considered muslims by sunni 's just like the alawites in syria . 
  this is because these guys are generally not very religious . 
  they are kind of cynical about islam . 
  and due to that are more open minded compared to sunni 's . 
  israel supports jan. 
  should add israel there as well . 
  you have finally gone full blown nationalist now havent you :d, 
  will you leave america to fight for your country now ? 
  and why should armenia survive and turkey help armenia out ? 
  you think they do n't know what those letters on them flags mean ? 
  the names of the groups ? 
  they all know what is going on . 
  you do n't know better than them . 
  when communists came , they threatened business in their countries . 
  do you know what the cia did to guatemala to save chiquita ? 
  the m.e is n't special in that regard , every country has been fucked in some way by usa . 
  but usa knows what it is doing . 
  you know why they still arm those '' moderates '' ? 
  because if you look at s.a , u.a.e , qatar , bahrain and all them other oil countries ? 
  every single one of them has lovely trade with usa , hell they are nearly their lapdogs . 
  and what is even better is that the money they earn from oil goes to american , german or british cars and goes to japanese , turkish , german construction companies , goes to english or french football clubs , they buy american or asian laptops and pc 's , they buy rolex or tag heuer watches , they buy vertu or iphones , they spend shit loads on stupid phone cases with bling bling . 
  religious groups have always been and will always be better for business than socialist or nationalist groups . 
  oh and the whole turkey = isis circlejerk is getting old now , find a new one . 
  turkey even with erdo\u011fan in charge is way more better for any lgbt or foreigner to live in than any other country in the region . 
  i do n't know why people are overrating isis . 
  a terrorist group like any other except that it took advantage of destablised countries . 
  and they have already started losing ground . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  they failed to take kobane , they are being sieged in mosul , they are n't making progress in dez , they have n't really gotten more allies . 
  libya and egypt are far away from turkey and iran , not to mention that turkish and iranian militaries would decimate isis . 
  the only reason is is making progress in any of these countries is because they are n't stable . 
  libya and syria were in civil war . 
  iraq is pretty unstable even with m.e standards . 
  egypt just had a coup , overthrew an islamist government by force , enraging the islamists . 
  none of those apply to turkey and iran . 
  there is no way they are going to have '' significant growth '' like you say , nevermind actually attacking turkey and iran . 
  and why do you so obnoxiously support the mountain bandits trading drugs , kidnapping children and attacking civillians known as the pkk who killed just as many kurds as turks because not all kurds wanted to live in a communist and '' free '' kurdistan ? 
  because you are kurdish and i suppose alawites support assad because he is alawite . 
  i love how angry you actually are . 
  you hate everyone in this conflict besides your people , so others have the right to support theirs as well . 
  you just said you want to go to war with turkey , if you hate us so much , why should turkey give concessions ? 
  whatever , do n't dream about a russian - turkish war , russia would n't dare .
