pensilvanya vilayetinin fetullah\u00e7osu kim ki turkish people 's dear leader ` la ba\u015fa \u00e7\u0131kabilsin ? 
  en son model benim . 
  that 's quite a good view . 
  turkey is a country of it 's own and has it 's own interests as well . 
  i 'm sure that there might be some shady people dealing with isis . 
  but even the ottoman view was n't as harsh as isis . 
  nevermind the turkish view of islam atm . 
  while i do hope assad stays in power cause he is not an extremist , i do not mind turkey prioritising it 's own interests . 
  we are going to be hated by the world no matter what we do like russia anyway . 
  so might as well not bow down to anything that is demanded . 
  hell on worldnews people wanting us to take military action and now that we have authorised it , people do n't want us to go in now . 
  also turkey does n't really drag the u.s in to conflicts . 
  you have attacked iraq on your own will . 
  and you do n't really help us in fighting the pkk at all . 
  the last time you gave us intelligence on places to attack it came to be labeled as roboski '' massacre '' . 
  and we got the blame for it . 
  there is no difference , g\u00fclen is actually much more dangerous , as he seems to have made people believe he is a pacifist and a moderate . 
  he helped erdo\u011fan up until erdo\u011fan decided to assume total control or maybe he tried to make the young generations happy by closing down dershanes , ca n't say for % 100 which one came first , but dershanes are g\u00fclens primary income source and how they indoctrinate young ones . 
  this caused a fallout , we do n't know the background but g\u00fclen and erdo\u011fan could n't mend their relationship . 
  due to that , g\u00fclen used his minions inside governmental positions to release data on the corruption of akp . 
  that made the relationship impossible to save . 
  you should understand that , if someone is running a secretive sect , they probably are doing something that should n't be found out , or it 'd cause uproar . 
  g\u00fclen 's ultimate motives are only known to him and probably his most trusted advisors but what he does is advertise islam and his sect to get people into government positions and to influence the way the country is run . 
  if he did n't have something to hide , he 'd have run for office himself . 
  where did they kill civillians ? 
  they took thousands of kurdish refugees , and at least a million syrians . 
  i agree with him on the wall , except that we should give you kurdistan , deport all kurds and build a wall and look to the eu and the west from then on, 
  the description wasnt really nice to read either, 
  can you give any respectable sources for that claim ? 
   a turkish border patrol killed one of eight civilians trying to cross illegally from turkey into syria on the tense frontier , the turkish military said on tuesday . 
  where is the dozens of children and adults that was killed ? 
  thanks for making huge claims and then searching for sources , i expect you to remove the children part from your comment , since you did n't really back that up . 
  war is horrible , shit happens , wish there wasnt war , but what can you do, 
  you also can not expect a country to take every single one of the rabble that are running from war , it is unknown whether these are really civillians . 
   the military , which did not give the nationality of the eight civilians or say whether they were armed smugglers , said the group had been trying to cross from turkey 's hatay province into northwestern syria on monday and had fired on the turkish patrol after the troops had whistled a warning . 
  this is from the first article , it doesnt seem like indiscriminate firing on refugees or a state policy as you make it out to be , even friendly fires occur in war , it is very possible that these happened in border controls and some dodgy characters doing shady things did not like being controlled . 
  and then he went ahead and voted for akp since he does n't live in turkey and reads about all the roads and airports being built and thinks the country is going places . 
  you execuse a lot of terrorist acts yourself , i do not really care , you basically just made accusations and couldnt back them up , one of the sources you have given talk about people crossing illegally into turkey and not paying mind to warnings the other talks about 17 people dying crossing in to turkey may be or may not be civillians, 
  i dont know how you arent in the mood to extensively search , you basically post all day everyday but oh well its probably because you know that its from a shitty source otherwise it 'd have easily been found since deaths of children are not taken lightly, 
  i suppose this is one of those times when you like turkey for the lax border controls ? 
  no you didnt , you told me turkish army killed children , i still havent seen a source for that, 
  meh was just being '' edgy '' or funny or whatever, 
  i wonder why the names are n't disclosed ? 
  if this was turkey , people would would be shouting '' dictatorship !, 
  censorship !, 
  oppression ! '', 
  barzani is as much a dictator as erdo\u011fan or as much a monarch as saudi 's . 
  since the names are n't disclosed nobody here can say much but it is quite possible these were people who were warming up to the ideals of ypg or pkk and barzani felt threatened is n't it ? 
  you are assuming that the judiciary is impartial and not guided by outside factors . 
  whatever i suppose , it is impossible to argue with kurdish sympathisers here , what i have said is quite sensible , unless your wish is just to have a kurdish dictator rather than an arab/turkish/iranian one but as you are living in sweden i assume , you know that in a proper country the names would have been announced . 
  that 's what you get for skimming through and not reading all of it . 
  sorry , i wo n't edit it to show my shame . 
  this all just idealistic , utopic thoughtline that just does not fit into how real world works . 
  how will these cantons defend from external threats ? 
  what kind of army would the federalised state have ? 
  why would kobani residents die for ones living in damascus ? 
  this still does not fix the underlying islam problem that is in the middle east . 
  i am turkish as well so i know full well that not everyone is extreme or violent . 
  but isis , jan , fsa did n't appear out of the ground , they have support from the people , with autonomy , you are giving these islamists people even more power . 
  you are thinking that these jan guys or isis guys are rational ? 
  they hate the alewites , being autonomous is n't going to lower their hate for the alewites , or the shia , they still want some heads , a bit of stoning of women . 
  peace will come when the middle east is educated , is free of religious dogma . 
  i am not even going to discuss the economic hardships this would bring , as well as corruption , since middle eastern line of thinking is what is damaged not the way they are ruled . 
  these systems do not magically make corruption disappear either . 
  this guy is an akp supporter and voter , his brain has been wiped clean by our dear sultan erddoman 1st of his name , ruler of the middle east , sultan protector of the world and beacon of islam . 
  his opinions are worthless . 
  kobane did n't defend herself on her own , she had airstrikes by the west , peshmerga reinforcements and more importantly , from other cantons under ypg control . 
  i 'm pretty sure more than half of the fighters in kobane are from different parts of syria . 
  and besides that , isis is still a tiny terrorist organisation . 
  how would syria defend herself with such a federalised state against say , turkey ? 
  they would have to either give concessions to western states for protection or become a lapdog for one of these countries . 
  this is nothing but a dream . 
  it will not work at all in the long term . 
  even if we assume no corruption will take place , this will make for a weak divided syria , and probably will see much infighting between cantons , between the alewite ones and sunni ones , between islamist ones and kurdish ones . 
  it will lead to warlords and clans taking over certain cantons . 
  the problem with syria 's lack of democracy is n't assad , it 's the people . 
  if fsa forced assad to step down , the only difference would be a sunni dictator . 
  saudi arabia is also thought to sponsor our dear sultan , fund his campaigns and what not , that 's why that muslim zealot temren here supports akp and s.a. 
  tayyip warming up the mb happened after arab spring , before that tayyip was very well supported by s.a and qatar . 
  liesaboutknowingyou could enlighten us but afaik , tanks can actually cross some rivers by itself . 
  not sure anyone has tanks capable of that in the region though . 
  many of those places do not have a kurdish majority . 
  did you draw these borders ? 
  that is a failure as well , does n't take away from the fact that retaking mosul would be hard . 
  is n't supremeshadow kurdishnationalist ? 
  their way of getting angry at almost anything seems very similar, 
  i do n't know how you can praise the little rat , he looks and talks like a rat , he has no spine . 
  he is not much better or experienced or better schooled at all . 
  all of akp are yes men , none of them have '' autonomy '' , they ask for permission from tayyip to have a toilet break . 
  tbh i would n't be surprised if behind closed doors sultan erddoman and netanyahu were best buddies . 
  both sides benefit immensely domestically from hating each other , but trade does n't seem very much affected between us . 
  win win situation for both parties . 
  netanyahu gets a public enemy , tayyip gets a public enemy , they all get to scream fuck turkey/israel at rallies , get conservative votes and sympathies . 
  or they like to joke about how you are an arm chair anarchist and revolutionary neckbeard ? 
  should 've joined islamic front or ahrar al sham right ? 
  turks view kurds in turkey same way germans view turks in germany . 
  just yesterday kurdish cities took diggers and dug a moat around a electric company 's headquarters , who cut off electricity because taxes were n't getting paid . 
  there is also the pkk , who killed civillians and trades drugs . 
  nationalism is the norm but akp or reco erdo is not a nationalist . 
  you can say he is an islamist , that he is corrupt and all that but he is not a nationalist at all .
