  i just said he should wear suits more often . 
  suits are definetely more presentable clothing . 
  a lot of people wear \u015falvars even in the west . 
  it is a sporty and comfy attire , not something you 'd wear if you were meeting barrack obama or something is all i 'm saying . 
  that 's not really what he said . 
  honestly he seems sarcastic with his whole islam stuff in there tbh . 
  turkey and krg relations are quite good actually . 
  i guess it also depends on the kurd , not all want to leave turkey , especially considering that turkey does and will offer more opportunities than any kurdish state . 
  i guess that 's what you get when you support pkk ? 
  i do n't think we are capable of attacking israel . 
  and also , these '' we 'll defeat this '' type of arguements are childish , you never know with war . 
  but it 's a fact that turkey together with iran and israel are the 3 most technologically advanced militaries in the region . 
  good looking guy too, 
  no homo, 
  can you show us a '' worthy '' cause in this conflict ? 
  well to be honest , the mods used to do a good work and there were some nice users with differing opinions , whether upvoted or downvoted , inevitably this sub has become kind of circlejerky , but i 'm just a lurker so i 'll go back to shadows , just my 2cents . 
  thank you man , finally someone calls out the bullshit . 
  this '' news '' was posted 17 hours ago , 2-3 hours after the mgk meeting ended and turkey definetely decided that there would be no invasion . 
  '' other '' , you mean kurdish source . 
  actually , ardahan governorate belongs to hdp and came out saying it was an act by pkk . 
  it 's so funny when you say '' unconditionally defend '' , i ca n't believe you consider anfnews and their '' article '' to be reliable . 
  it 's not '' unconditionally '' defending by anf news , it 's just sourceless information spewed . 
  they do n't even have journalists in the region , how can they know who did what ? 
  if anf was a turkish '' news site '' you people would spit on it , the only reason people might consider it a reliable source is because of it 's kurdish bias . 
   in april 1982 , the convention was amended to allow turkey to close the straits at its discretion in peacetime as well as during wartime . 
  i 'm really tired of all the twitter propaganda filled with sourceless claims , and '' paraphrasing '' to fit an agenda , but really wow ... 
  this sub has basically become all about posting twitter links . 
  with maybe at least a picture attached , even then , i remember people kept posting that picture of a turkish '' police '' wearing army style brown camo , which lacks any turkish flag or insignias , which was also being posted a year ago as a turkish soldier hanging with bearded men supposed to be isis . 
  and that 's not a quote , she just '' paraphrased '' it , although mrcakeord is n't the most sensible of users , he is right in this regard . 
  he is talking about how they voted for hdp , and their affiliated party pkk attacked electricity sources , and now he wonders how they will respond to no electricity . 
  mods should seriously take bigger action against these propaganda filled personal twitter accounts , maybe automoderator can be given a white list of twitter users who are known to be more or less accurate and the rest would be removed ? 
  they have ties with pkk , that is undeniable , if they truly dropped pkk in the past week , they would have immensely strengthened their political position . 
  but they could n't % 100 give up on pkk . 
  i do n't mind hdp , they are the reason why akp did n't get the majority they wanted , and besides their kurdish nationalism , my views are very much aligned with theirs . 
  but that does n't change the fact that they have ties with pkk . 
  can we see a source for '' german intelligence reports '' , or the actual report ? 
  the syrian government helped pkk or tolerated it at least , now they are feeling hurt due to turkey 's toleration or help to their rebels . 
  azerbaijan does n't recognise trnc because of karaba\u011f . 
  armenia recognises karaba\u011f but not trnc . 
  putin calls usa imperialist and then goes on to invade georgia , ukraine , crimea to further is own empire . 
  erdo\u011fan and g\u00fclen used to be buddies and every akp supporter and their buddy watched g\u00fclen tv , now the propaganda says chp and g\u00fclen were buddies all along and definetely not akp . 
  usa tells turkey to be proportional to pkk , then they go ahead and torture people in gitmo and abu ghraib . 
  usa executes osama on sight , yet turkey is supposed to improve \u00d6calans living conditions in \u0130mral\u0131 . 
  pkk blames turkish government for not investing in the southeast , then calls out the building of dams as '' cultural genocide '' , even though the dams have definitely improved the region . 
  i can go on and on , if you are on this sub , you really should know that in politics , hypocrisy means jack shit . 
  trying to act like turkey is a special snowflake in the realms of politics and foreign relations due to their hypocrisy is stupid . 
  that is not what pkk wants , because that is the reality of turkey currently , and pkk still attacked . 
  people who you can call civillians when their village gets bombed due to them being labeled as pkk . 
  similar to hamas actually , but this sub would disagree . 
  and what are these '' western standards '' ? 
  did mi6 and cia not support islamists against mosaddegh ? 
  taliban against the soviets ? 
  did usa not invade vietnam , just because they were going the communist route ? 
  they invaded a country on the otherside of the globe just to support the regime that was warmer to them than the communists . 
  did usa not support countless facist regimes during the cold war to root out any leftist movement ? 
  protestors dying ? 
  usa 's way of dealing with protestors in ferguson and baltimore ? 
  these passive aggressive comments do n't really mean much . 
  the '' western states '' are not a bastion of honor , respect and goodwill in the world . 
  the '' western states '' are the prime example of selfish , imperialist states that do not care one bit about the lives of the people on the ground . 
  so i guess actually in that regard turkey definetely is moving closer to the '' western states '', 
  edit : some on this sub would actually agree that you almighty and honorable western states caused a good amount of the chaos in the middle east as well . 
  and where do kurds get their equipment ? 
  since turkey blockaded them , you should n't be able to get equipment too right ? 
  oh wait , smuggling is how people get their goods . 
  how did al qaeda , boko haram or anyone anywhere get their ak 's ? 
  smuggling , ypg and pkk are masters of it , you should know how easy it is to smuggle things through desert . 
  turkey did n't have opinions about you , until you joined an organisation they did n't trust , 
  according to #twitterkurds at least . 
  i 'm not one to defend islam , but i absolutely despise anyone who does n't look at ones self before acting like the '' others '' are truly evil scum . 
  whether in the name of islam , or in the name of bringing another group of people '' civilization '' , whether in the name of your political ideology , people of any race , religion and ethnicity is capable of utter violence . 
  currently a lot of the world 's violence emanates from the middle east and africa , and especially from muslim communities . 
  but it was n't always so . 
  today it is the muslims , tomorrow it may be the '' enlightened '' christians causing terror . 
  stop this '' we are superior to these scum '' mentality . 
  this causes more division than islam does . 
  all of these had already been done on a continental scale by the '' enlightened '' christians for centuries to the african , american and aboriginal people . 
  for some reason i highly doubt you hate the west for that ? 
  you brought those places '' civilization '' though right ? 
  so it 's justified ? 
  absolutely hate hypocrisy . 
  if french intelligence actually took action against people they were following and expecting something from , there would be no charlie hebdo . 
  if western agencies stopped bearded guys with ties to shady islamic communities/mosques in europe were stopped from going to turkey or any other middle eastern country , there would be less isis members . 
  this subreddit is immense , pkk are freedom fighters , hamas are terrorists , hezbollah is definitely an amazing organisation . 
  we are n't politicians here , stop a second and think to yourself what kind of actions you support . 
  do n't be hypocrites , either support all '' freedom fighters '' or do n't support any . 
  saa is supported by russia and iran . 
  kurds are n't supported by iran . 
  iran faces it 's own kurdish problems . 
  kurds are mainly supported by the coalition . 
  yeah and the polish partisans , the french resistance attacked targets in their own country . 
  they did n't go and do suicide bombings on civillians in berlin . 
  is there anyway i can mute only pansy and not the other casters ? 
  which peshmerga ? 
  barzani is usa supported , western ally . 
  ( someone more knowledgable should correct me if i 'm wrong ) afaik , other krg factions like puk are more ypg/pkk '' aligned '' , they seem to be more focused on kurdish rights in other countries . 
  i highly doubt they are friendly with iran , especially considering irans treatment of kurds . 
  the audience didnt really say anything either tbh , they just got excited , like everyone else said , the scv was already set on a path with shift + click , this is the way most people scout in sc anyway , they dont guide a probe/scv all the way through, 
  thirty years war was more about political ambitions than sects though . 
  even the huguenots in france and their massacre at the hands of catholics were more political than religious,
