  in one of your paragraphs you say they stopped crime , in the other you talk about how they kidnapped children in the 80 's and 90 's . 
  kidnapped teens while under guard by the pkk say that they joined by their free will ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  you are basically just writing sourceless info here , except that pkk kidnapping children , drug trade , and attacking civillians is well known . 
  your president is also dealing with those terrorists , yet you keep voting for him . 
  and probably of worse quality, 
  why did ypg zone got smaller ? 
  i thought ypg was n't fighting with neither fsa nor saa ? 
  fits the circlejerk so no need to search for proof . 
  oh good he didnt kill near 50 million . 
  the thing is , he still could n't feed other parts of his empire such as ukraine and other turkic countries like kazakhstan and kyrgysztan and many starved . 
  you could n't even leave cities inside your country without permission , you had to ask for permission for example in summer to leave moscow and to maybe finally after all the shitty work you did to chill out at crimea or other black sea regions , and you would n't . 
  or you could actually , if you were a staunch communist and a buddy buddy of stalin or his buddies . 
  ussr was as corrupt and just as unequal as capitalist countries . 
  the problem is at least you are free to do many things in capitalist countries . 
  1912 is early 20th century , not 19th century . 
  you are saying that oil was a major industry in the 19th century . 
  which means 1800 's , which did n't actually have an oil industry . 
  he asked if people disliked turks because of erdo\u011fan and '' turkophobia '' and he said it 's a mixture of both . 
  how did n't he answer his question ? 
  batmans oil is negligible, 
  so if german turks started to fight for a part of germany and shed blood for decades they would deserve a chunk of germany too ? 
  no they have n't been living there for thousands of years , the people living there before were assyrians , armenians and other anatolian peoples , kurds are persian/iranian , they came to the land the same way turks did . 
  they actually became all independent from sultanate of rum , karesio\u011fullar\u0131 , karaman etc. 
  the sultandom was divided between feudal lords . 
  and karamans considered themselves the succesor of seljuks . 
  the root of turkish nationalism is not being given credit where it 's due and countries like armenia , greece and other balkan countries considering us the cause of all their problems . 
  there are those of us who fap to '' future map of turkey '' videos just like greeks but if you go no / r/turkey every racist or offensive comment gets downvoted if not removed/deleted . 
  / r/kurdistan and / r/armenia for example bans anyone who they deem '' trolls '' , yet drrustle for example can say that besides being downvote brigaded , he can participate in discussions on / r/turkey . 
  when berkin elvan ( kurdish kid ) was murdered by tayyip 's personal army the turkish police or hrant dink ( armenian/turkish journalist who said '' poisonous turkish blood '' in one of his articles ) turks protested , i have n't seen any protests whatsoever for turkish ambassadors murdered by asala , and there are kurds or kurdish supporters here who will say killing 18 year old teenagers who are doing their military service ( besides the actual civillians that were killed by pkk or pkk affiliated groups ) is justified . 
  one of the problems , at least online , is that people are trying to '' troll '' turks or get them to accept everything without giving an inch from their point of view . 
  if every side actually tried to get better relations then there would be much more progress , but alas people want to have their cake and eat it too . 
  title says lions of war in turkish ... 
  why is it in turkish ? 
  akp voters at it again ... 
  some people omitted other things , pkk and ypg are affiliated , and are socialsts/communists someone will argue over semantics but they are . 
  the krg is capitalist , rules over an autonomous region in northern iraq their leader is barzani . 
  the pkk and ypg consider \u00d6calan to be their leader , although he is jailed . 
  they probably have other leaders who take care of the on the ground operations , for example pkk has karay\u0131lan as their leader . 
  considering how much twitter gets used as a reliable source , obviously depending on which side one supports on this sub , im surprised people agreed with you, 
  in the morning i saw it as white and yellow/gold then i looked at the pic again while taking a shit and it 's been black and blue since, 
  you love the pkk and hate turks , why are you getting so worked up and angry at tayyo erdo for helping your organisation indirectly ? 
  you do hate turks and everything that involves turks unconditionally , i 've been on this sub for some time , whatever an article or a user says , you 'll just bash on turkey no matter what , you are biased as shit . 
  if uk/germany/russia / sweden/france/eu had a government or an intelligence service that gave a shit about is they would 've stopped ahmads , mohammeds and all other dodgy people from out of nowhere boarding planes going towards turkey . 
  can you show us the last time a kurd was killed by the grey wolves ? 
  the circlejerk is real , and people deny it . 
  cmon ... there are only like 2 akp supporters in the whole of reddit temren and atopha , others went inactive, 
  i wonder how prosperous this landlocked kurdistan will be . 
  the cause may be righteous and ypg may have fought heroically . 
  but at the end of the day , kurdistan does not even have a tiny ounce of claim to any ports nearby . 
  the nearest being antioch/antakya/hatay . 
  which is neither historically nor majority kurdish . 
  kurdistan will have to make concessions and use lots of politics to make the state a reality . 
  having this '' assad is a shitty murdering dictator '' '' iraqis are murderers and genociders '' '' iran is an islamist oppressive backwards state '' '' turkey has no rights for kurds and it 's treason to make an agreement with turkey '' type of attitude is n't going to do much good for kurdistan . 
  whether you like this or not , it 's the reality . 
  edit : is n't / neither mistake, 
  that is what i am talking about . 
  just being able to unite all kurdish populated areas under one flag and remove every other nation does not mean that your average apo will be be living happily ever after . 
  ottoman empire is definetely an artificial entity . 
  great britian is an island , germany is made up of germanic states . 
  even ussr and their expansion into slavic countries make sense . 
  that 's why after playing ck2 i realised the ottoman empire is just the empire of a feudal lord who grew too big . 
  and that 's why as a turk i dislike the ottoman empire . 
  it was n't turkish , it was osmanic , only kept in place to keep the sultan well provided in the harem and drinks and luxuries . 
  france and ottomans had an '' alliance '' during the 16th century . 
  in 18th and 19th century , ottomans would be invaded by england/france one day , and then saved from russia thanks to england and france the other day . 
  persia and ottoman empire fought and were pretty much rivals . 
  but then ( in the later centuries ) did n't fight as much as they did afterwards . 
  the ottoman expansion into europe was '' unopposed '' because early on , ottomans did n't really threaten europe . 
  we just fought the greeks , bulgars and serbians early on , who were n't '' proper '' christians anyway . 
  but as soon as ottoman empire started to threaten austria and the habsburgs , an alliance of poland , austria , hre states and other balkan countries as they started to declare independence , came to be . 
  but ottomans did fight the balkan states as well . 
  vlad the impaler , couple of serbian princes , croatia etc did try to retain their lands or stop the payment of reperations/tax to the ottoman empire . 
  i kind of tried to respond to buddspencerlookalike , who flies the irish flag yet for some reason acts as if he knows what is best for kurds ( do n't know if he actually lives anywhere inside kurdistan ) . 
  i am not implying all kurds want a state or all kurds only want the krg . 
  but anyway , if krg annex rojava , ypg will probably become a political party and demand some changes to the political system in some way , ypg would n't bend over for barzani after fighting like this . 
  although some people here shout '' neo ottomanism '' or some other conspiracy about how turkey will annex syria or whatever , that 's just fearmongering . 
  most likely nothing will happen , and it will be business as usual . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   even ussr and their expansion into slavic countries make sense . 
  i said ussr expansion into slavic countries make sense , i did n't say anything about their expansion into countries like poland , turkic states or nordic/baltic states . 
  turkey ca n't veto autonomy for rojava , that 's syria 's business . 
  turkey definetely would veto independence for rojava , and probably would be for independence of krg . 
  i do n't know about a strong military response either . 
  tayyip has different priorities . 
  he is looking to have all of the power . 
  he needs hdp 's help for it , that 's why he has opened the '' peace talks '' . 
  he does n't really care about turks or kurds . 
  he has created a system of corruption that has pretty much safeguarded the financial future of his family and friends . 
  lovely comments there . 
  anarchists are generally keyboard activists and intellectuals . 
  would n't expect them to do much . 
  maybe protest a bit at most . 
  as a leader he should wear more suits and less \u015falvars . 
  as koerdinator said , if someone says peshmerga , and unless he is uneducated and used it wrong , it would mean krg military . 
  i do not know of a split between kdp pesh and puk pesh , but pkk and ypg are n't referred to as peshmerga . 
  peshmerga is recognised as the official military force of iraqi kurdistan , the krg . 
  suits are always cool . 
  and cultural genocide ? 
  seriously ?
