  gg wp no re . 
  it 's safe to say ypg has won at kobane now and isis wo n't take it i guess . 
  saudi arabia is a less than desirable neighbour . 
  he supports akp , he most definetely is an islamist . 
  used to troll r/turkey as well, 
  because he is a realist and not an idealist utopia dreamer like llanganati . 
  barzani knows that he has to lick some asses to get his ass licked in return . 
  that 's how politics work , you give something you take something . 
  barzani is a dictator but most likely the only person who can keep kurdistan together . 
  resources and money are important , people may change their support to krg if krg provides them better economy . 
  this is all theoretical though , we dont know what will happen come the end of the war , krg will probably come out unscathed though . 
  you are not taking into account the leftist voters that voted for hdp . 
  and no , their vote does not hover around % 9-10 , he got % 6 of votes in turkey in the local elections . 
  the presidential elections do not count because of the incredibly low turnout . 
  [ you can see the results of the local election here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_local_elections,_2014 ), 
  kurds of turkey make around % 15-20 of turkish population , % 6 is nowhere near 50/50 . 
  like it or not , kurds mainly vote for akp . 
  i do n't know why this sub does n't hate you as much as they us , you also treat jihadis and help them out . 
  most of kurdish smugglers and pkk members came and still come through the same path . 
  islamists hate kemalist for preventing their extremism . 
  pkk terrorists hate kemalists because they care about territorial integrity and do not abide terrorists . 
  many people here think that the label '' mountain turks '' for kurds was given by kemalists , they do n't realise these were the words of a dictator hated by almost everyone , and by everyone i really mean everyone . 
  kenan evren is the name of this general who forbid women civil servants from wearing pants , he was an absolute tool who took power by the notorious 80 's coup . 
  he was a nutcase , but people appreciated the coup because the country was in chaos , leftist killed rightists and right wing cops attacked left wing students . 
  but you are talking about cities and districts , when you still add up the kurdish votes they still mainly vote for akp . 
  the thing is even those voting for hdp can not be deemed pro independence . 
  some vote for hdp because they dislike akp , and are not blinded by his lies about his corruption . 
  and those people still are not pro independence . 
  and some votes of hdp come from people unhappy with the lack of a real left wing party . 
  edit : i 'd say if somebody made a poll about which parties kurds in turkey vote for , it would be 60/40 or 55/45 in favour of akp . 
  but then again , there are a lot of turks living in those regions as well , and they most definetely voted for akp , lowering the % of votes hdp got in those regions . 
  it is hard to determine how many kurds voted for hdp . 
  so all we can do is give opinions . 
  do not tell me that when people like gaddafi were overthrown , saddam did n't deserve some overthrowing himself . 
  i sometimes think that many people on this sub do n't realise that '' proper '' nations are not the same as militias and armed organisations . 
  i do n't think idf is much different , it is nearly the same in turkey as well , somebody can correct me but afaik all ranks up to colonel can be achieved by pretty much serving for a time in the turkish army . 
  oh boy you are mistaken if you think kurds are more secular than turks . 
  [ an israeli explaining the ranks of idf ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/2u3jym/hezbollah_answers_israeli_attack/co4udn5 ), 
  this sub hates on / r/worldnews and considers the commentors uninformed , yet here we have people here who actually think that hizbullah is a huge danger and threat to israel . 
  it really is funny to see everyone here acting like they are experienced strategists , political experts . 
  hizbullah could do what ? 
  israel if she feels threatened could absolutely level lebanon , and the west would only condemn israel . 
  by '' win '' they are talking about around 200 israeli inc civillians and military dead to more than a thousand lebanese deaths . 
  the only '' win '' was that israel retreated rather than destroy the country a bit more . 
  it is comparable to the pkk supporters saying tsk '' lost '' to pkk . 
  tell me more about how much the lebanese war affected life in israel compared to life in lebanon . 
  hizbullah won only if civillian life is unimportant to you . 
  you see , neither israel nor hizbullah won the war , israel could n't force their will and destroy hizbullah and hizbullah only just stopped israel from destroying lebanon even more . 
  '' let 's topple this democratically elected leader and put a dictator in charge who most definetely will not abuse his power '', 
  i 'd deport every sunni in the country just to be on the safe side . 
  because policies are not what matters , the '' rebels '' want a backwards state like s.a or qatar . 
  that is what they want , not democracy or freedom . 
  some might say , how about education ? 
  i 'm turkish , i have seen enough educated people to know that education does not take extremism away from someone . 
  the normal , real moderate muslims are truly a minority . 
  most muslims are backwards , if not extreme . 
  that 's why i support assad , alawites are inherently more open minded and modern than sunni 's or shia 's . 
  i suppose that 's why no one considers them real muslims . 
  i do n't know , i 'd be surprised if this did n't happen , you sadly ca n't win wars without loss of life . 
  i do n't really think this will open up much for isis , they are on the defensive now , a.k.a losing . 
  i do n't know who will finance it but most likely turkish construction companies will be hired . 
  i respect that , but let 's be honest , if you look at the '' opposition '' , all of them are pretty much just islamists . 
  pretty much every single one of those rebels want to take power and make syria a backwards islamist state . 
  none of the current rebels will bring syria democracy or freedom . 
  they will only bring massacres and discrimination of alawites . 
  the rebels fight for a regime that treats sunni 's better and oppresses alawites . 
  and at least in turkey , and probably in syria too , alawites are by far the least religious and most open of all muslims . 
  and how many of those peaceful pro democracy protestors were there ? 
  i 'm sure there were many people who genuinely wanted proper democracy , but as things stand , all of the rebels are islamists . 
  beheadings are n't as painful , so the cunts decided that since they are losing , as they are going down they should cause even more pain . 
  i watched a russian video of a guy burning alive in his car which was hit by a truck . 
  you really should n't watch that vid , really unnerving that shit, 
  yeah your next few comments show that you are n't making an '' observation '' . 
  you are just arguing . 
  i do n't think flairs would make much difference , most commentors are already known imo . 
  unless people made new throwaway accounts , which probably would cause more trolling , removing flairs would n't do much tbh . 
  while i try my best to make proper comments as well , i get disgusted by anyone who does n't label pkk as terrorists . 
  '' oh no it was some falcon that did it ! '', 
  no , it was n't some blabla falcon party that did it , the orders came from pkk . 
  and i felt sorry for the jordanian pilot like everyone here did , but when pkk attacked a police hq a couple of months ago , people were saying '' what did you expect ? '', 
  or the justification of killing of '' soldiers '' who are nothing more than 18-20 year old kids doing their mandatory service . 
  all this hypocrisy causes turks to become even more nationalist . 
  there is nothing to do about it though , people have decided on something and it really is hard to change that viewpoint . 
  what ? 
  why do you insult him ? 
  he has given a pretty proper opinion , kurdish nationalist as his name implies is a facist . 
  it gives nationalists a bad name , probably all kurdish/turkish/whatever users here are nationalists , supporting your nation is n't the problem , he is a fucking facist psycho . 
  he is ashiina but kurdish . 
  how dangerous was erbil before isis and the syrian civil war ? 
  my father went there for construction business and apparently their group was given 2 guards with ak 's . 
  pkk actually killed civillians as well , so i do n't know what you are arguing for . 
  no he is just an engineer working for a company :d maybe the guy they were working for hired them so they would feel safe i guess ? 
  nice you six day war ` ed them, 
  you are telling me ? 
  when my highschool friend from diyarbak\u0131r was forced to say '' ne mutlu t\u00fcrk\u00fcm diyene '' for 3 times because he and i were talking in class , i was mad as hell , first time i realised racism . 
  but what you are saying alienates me , i 'm not a racist , i am not pro oppression of kurds , but when you write comments where it seems like you are fine with turks dying , it makes me think that kurds are racist and hateful of turks as well , and would probably have been the oppressors if the roles were switched . 
  like i said , i am not a racist but when i see so much hate towards my country and people i feel the nationalism inside me rising . 
  i do n't know man ... probably just prejudice haha , i remember when my dad was leaving my mom was acting as if he was deployed to iraq or something :d, 
  edit : actually erbil is '' in '' iraq come to think of it :d, 
  where do you see me denying any atrocities done by the turkish state ?
