you sound like someone who means well , but has been misled by he media . 
  ofc it will be cleaned up , this is europe not the middle east . 
  this must be satire . 
  i refuse to believe people like you actually exist . 
  the migrants shat all over the buss and roads my friend , this is what we can expect in one form or another from most of the lovely young men marching in to europe , but this time wienna aint stopping anyone . 
  hi , may i ask when you plan on going back to rebuild your country ? 
  hard to give an answer to that rant of yours . 
  i 'm sure you mean well and we just have different understanding of the current crisis . 
  have a nice day . 
  you dont think we have advanced and become a `` higher culture '' comapred to all the respective cultures theese people are fleeing from ? 
  how dare you . 
  the left is gjetting closer and closer with the islamists every day . 
  fine . 
  from having conversations with everyday muslims i can tell you from my experience they are bigoted and they have opinions i often times find shocking , im so used to hearing slurs about gays , women and whites in general i dont care anymore . 
  i dont give a shit what you think btw , im not here to convince you of anything . 
  i wonder where you are from ? 
  i live in a very diverce part of my city , muslims are extreme in almost every way compared to me with very few exceptions . 
  do you live in a nice and safe part of your city / country ? 
  limitless free workers ? 
  my god man , listen to yourself . 
  you want state run sweat shops ? 
  do you know how expensive western europe is ? 
  think !!, 
  im sorry you wasted your time with the white knight of arab youths . . the way this has been handled is unacceptable . 
  jesus , read a history book or inform yourself in some way . 
  do you really think that protestants and catholics where that different ? 
  and you even mention values ? 
  and to top it of you compare it to islamic migration . . my god i hope people like you wake up some day . 
  the turks funnily enough like to imagine they are part of europe . 
  i very much doubt even 1 % are in any way beneficial . 
  sadly allmost all are useless arab youths that dont even master their own language . 
  absolutely . 
  in a perfect world we could all travel safely and without hassle anywhere , i guess we have to get used to the annoying security checks . 
  depends . 
  when it comes to international travel the obvious scare is terrorism or someone going to your country to plan some sort of attack . 
  believe it or not , airplanes where hijacked quite frequently not that long ago , that has died out almost completely after the extra security . 
  so have i , not because i was brown or have a beard , but i was one of the `` lucky '' ones . 
  i even got a random check this summer with one of those wipes that check for explosive material , the lady told me it was random because she saw me looking confused . 
  it 's just the world we live in now , i remember as a child security being way more relaxed . 
  whats the alternative ? 
  how can someone not see that security personnel have to screen people based solely on their appearance . 
  if say the ira where still active i 'm sure male irish passport holders would be an immediate red flag . 
  these people refuse to be identified , and they are occupying french soil , why the fuck are they not removed !?!? 
  we are in desperate need of holding facilities outside the eu so we can prevent this shit , a place where we can send criminals like these . 
  it is certainly not their country, 
  the kids on this sub dont care, 
  agreed , sadly this sub is in love with islamists . 
  what are you defending here ? 
  that old women wear headscarves in poland has nothing to do with banning oppressive clothing , they can take off the scarf if they want , and they dont force their daughters to wear one . 
  the scum currently occupying french territory should be shot . 
  i hope you can pull through these difficult times , all those evil people who disagree with you . 
  you cant reason with a child thats having a temper tantrum . 
  blatant racism , huh ? 
  sounds like something a college student in new york would say , dont bring that shit to europe . 
  the poor muslims of europe , so opressed . 
  your post makes me sick . 
  great , we get it , muh freedoms . 
  was drunk posting . 
  agreed, 
  i have family in cz and they hate russians , i cant say i blame them as they are my grandparents and they have seen some shit . 
  poor you , slovakia needs to step up muslim imports then . 
  british ? 
  sure hope not . 
  he is a scumbag , the hate he has for europe is frightening . 
  china . . 
  the time has come to realize that many cultures do not mix ( with islam and mena culture in general ) . 
  stop being so damn naive . 
  rapes increased with immigraton from mena countries , you know it . 
  no , ban it 100 % now or regret it later . 
  isnt everyting racist in 2016 ? 
  john oliver is a moron . 
  he makes a living fooling young people . 
  every politician on this planet are populist in some way , only leftist use that word as an insult towards the right and it shows such a lack of introspection . 
  are they not ? 
  i would argue they are a problem . 
  they 100 % are not half as hard working as the vietnamese are . 
  they also bring with them a culture nd religion that has no place in europe . 
  i feel i have to mention that viet people may not like paying taxes and do keep to themselves , but the crime people from the middle east bring with them is way worse , making countries less safe for women basicly . 
  thats wrong , most where not syrian . 
  are you ok ? 
  there are many people on this planet and ill let you in on a little secret , we have different opinions on things . 
  like you feel a desperate need to defend islam and make everything slightly to the right politically seem racist and `` populist '' , and i laugh at you . 
  they should be put down . 
  end of story, 
  a million freeloaders forgotten in 5 years , jesus christ . 
  the situation is completely different . 
  a large amount of the `` refugees '' are just shopping for walfare , not women and children running from ethnic cleansing . 
  they bring with them this fucking primitive culture wether we like it or not , no amount of integration will fix that . 
  just finished pagan babies by elmore leonard , fun book thats short and sweet , it was very easy to read and i finished it wanting more , you can tell why his books have been turned into movies . 
  not sure what sort of books you wanted suggested , but it 's fresh in my memory and i liked it . 
  i have to laugh at the kids suggesting these hard core several thousand page books trying to sound smart , doubt they have read a book in their lives . 
  not surprising , now that the source of young arab men has dried up partially , germany is looking at new sources of men to import . 
  again , i 'm not talking about the left of the 60 and 70 's , but the new left , the delusional left . 
  these days the left are in bed with islamists and work hard to make the civilized world look bad in most western european countries . 
  this is the new left . 
  they will stop at nothing to make the west and enlightened countries third world shitholes by defending this type of behavior , not only blm but very dangerous ideologies like islam . 
  it makes me sad really , they think the usa and the uk are bad places to be black ? 
  compared to where ?!?!, 
  discrimination is only natural . 
  it will probably never die and is much worse in muslim countries , especially against non-muslims .
