my point still stands !, 
  hufsa is the only correct name !, 
  they have gotten stricter here in norway as well after out new government took over two years ago . 
  generally handing out less money , lot faster ( both forced and voluntary ) deportations etc. 
  and as a result we had a 4 % decrease in the number of asylum seekers from 2013-2014 . 
  they have made norway less desirable than it was for asylums seekers , so more of them rather try their luck in other countries . 
  tough we have had a bigger increase that expected this summer , as a result of the ongoing situation . 
  we have already seen the effects of this here in norway . 
  after a new ringed winged government took power in the last election they have passed stricter immigration policies , and as a result we have had a decrease in the number of asylum seekers . 
  from 2013-2014 we had a 4 % decrease , while our neighbors denmark had a 103 % increase and sweden a 50 % increase . 
  this just helps to show how desperate many of the swedish voters are when it comes to immigration ( and understandably so ) . 
  despite how crazy sd is on many levels people still vote for them since there are no others who takes immigration seriously . 
  yes , as i wrote in my other answer i automatically presumed we where talking about road-runnels , 
  my bad as well actually , i did not read the article well enough and assumed it was on the subject of road-tunnels , 
  i just want to point out that the article is wrong . 
  it states that the former record for longest tunnel is the 23.3 km long seikan tunnel in japan . 
  it ca n't have been the longest tunnel since the l\u00e6rdal tunnel in norway is 24.5 km long , and as far as i know the longest tunnel in the world up until now . 
  and while we are on the subject of longest tunnels . 
  norway is currently constructing what will be the longest undersea tunnel ( for cars ) which will be 14,3 km long . 
  but the record will only last a few years since later this year we starting construction on a even longer undersea-tunnel which is going to be 27 km long . 
  i perfectly understand . 
  i have grown rather asocial in my adult years , and despite my whining here i love when it is shitty weather when i am not at work . 
  then i can `` waste '' my day inside playing games and generally hanging out in front of my computer . 
  i actually got the weather i hoped for during my four weeks of summer vacation this year , cold and rainy . 
  i spent all those weeks inside without feeling bad for not doing something outside . 
  15 degrees is usually the lowest summer temperatures we regularly get , and 25 is usually the highest we get , 
  still sounds very good , 
  to be fair i would not mind it if i worked inside , then i would rather love it . 
  but since i spend a lot of my working hours outside it gets old very quick , 
  we have actually had it really hot here as well the last days ( tough tomorrow its back to 15 degrees and rain ) . 
  we have had around 25-27 degrees , and funny as it might be for you southerners i find it to be a little to hot for me . 
  sounds awesome !, 
  i hear you . 
  in may this year it rained 28 days , and temperatures around 11-13 degrees . 
  which was a very fitting introduction to the summer since it was cold and miserable for the most part . 
  they get to little exercise since they never have to walk uphill . 
  norway . 
  i hate the rain . . [ i live on the west coast and it rains a lot ] ( http://nordicventures.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/climate_map_of_norway.jpg ) . 
  and since we are entering september soon the rain-season is upon us . 
  seven-eight months with lots of rain and temperatures around 2-6 degrees , and if its not raining its overcast , plus the sun sets before you get home from work . 
  its common for people here to follow a favorite british team as well as their norwegian one . 
  and both is taken just as seriously and passionate . 
  iirc it stems back to the 60 's when our only tv channel started airing british football matches since the british seasons plays after the norwegian season has ended ish . 
  and thus there was more football to the people for them to enjoy . 
  though i myself have never cared about football , so i am not up to date with the current situation . 
  but as far as i am aware it i still the same , and i think its becoming more common to follow teams for other countries as well . 
  if we join the eu will you guys share some of your heat in exchange for some of our rain and cold ? 
  its anders bering brevik , the guy who bombed the government building and shoot all those kids/teens on the ut\u00f8ya island in 2011 . 
  killing a total of 77 people and injuring 241 people . 
  well at least we are known for * something * in the outer world . 
  to be fair they ca n't ( as far as i understand ) legally send them back since they face the risk of being executed . 
  the same thing has casued a long headace for people here in norway since we have been stuck with mullah krekar for about 20 years here . 
  he is a suspected terrorist , and generally spews hatred and encourage terrorism , but since he risk execution if we send him back we ca n't legally do it , even when most politicians and the public want to . 
  earlier this year we tried exiling him to a small remote village on the other side of the country from where he currently lives ( in oslo ) . 
  it was approved by the court and it seemed a sure thing but after he appealed it it was later decided by a other court that we could not legally do it . 
  when i turn 78 i ` am moving to the netherlands so i can live an additionally two years . 
  as long as the solution is final i ` am okay with it . 
  ouch . 
  correct me if i ` am wrong , but napolen was not emperor of denmark and norway ( ? ) . 
  denmark ( and norway since we where ruled by denmark ) was allied with france , and that is why denmark had to give their control of norway to sweden after the war as a punishment for allying with the french . 
  we need to up our oil consumption so we can move it up to the nordics !, 
  these maps are starting to get ridiculous now . . and i like it !, 
  so you 're telling me that we have the power to bring havoc upon the world ? 
  we demand that the sovereign power over sweden and denmark are handed over to us !, 
  its finally payback time !, 
  we might consider stirring the pot a bit to provoke a new one so we can get some more of that sweet international media attention . 
  indeed . 
  the people in that video is notorious in norway for their bad english . 
  our best light source is fiber optic light . 
  yes , when everyone is standing in a circle around you laughing and pointing !, 
  [ while the other one is doing the harlem shake ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hpenltqudg ), 
  iirc they have gone up again since april , but yes they have had a drop . 
  i think a reason might be that the media is doing a poor job a conveying all the stuff they have actually done . 
  much of their accomplishments go unreported by the media , and sometimes they distort the facts . 
  yup , the same happened in norway in the last election . 
  we got a new and historical right winged government , with one of our most `` extreme '' parties entering the government for the first time ever . 
  and one of their main and popular policies was stricter immigration . 
  and thus far they have done a good job to , while the amount of asylum seekers has increased all over europe we have had a decrease . 
  * cough * , ^ something ^ something ^ stricter ^ immigration . . 
  good point . 
  it seems the huge taxation on tobacco here may have paid of . 
  well kind of , depending on what country they come from off course . 
  but say you get a non western immigrant , they ca n't speak the language , they ca n't work , the only thing they can do is receive welfare money while getting integrated to the country . 
  and after that we end up with one more citizen we do n't really need . 
  not to mention they are statistically more likely to commit a crime ( tough east europeans are worse than non western immigrants here ) , married women are statically more inclined to not work and instead live on welfare . 
  plus the clash of cultures increase the tensions in the country and lead to more hate and anger . 
  i would say the country would be just as fine without this . 
   but since the disease does n't break out until later in life , many people died of other causes before the disease broke out . 
  what a wonderful time to be alive . . 
  hello everyone down there . 
  get with the program sweden !, 
  we have actually prepared for that now . 
  our tactics are simply to retrieve up some steep hills and mountains where the danish ca n't reach us since they lack the ability to walk uphill and then fire on them until they go home . 
   jesus who would work for 15 euro per hour in norway ? 
  mostly teens and people in their early 20 's . 
  they are the ones who usually work as cashiers etc. 
  and yes it is very low , but that is usually the case with low wage jobs . . 
  but some of them often get paid extra when they work evenings and weekends , a person i know who works as a casher earn 23 $ when she works at certain times of the day/week . 
  first of i must point out that norway have one of the lowest unemployment rates in the world ( and we had the lowest before the current `` oil crises '' ) . 
  but one of the big reasons for our unemployment rate is the generous welfare we get compared with countries like the us .
