  this means we have a lot of untouched nature and very rural areas scattered around the country . 
  in addition a lot of the nature is spectacular , like the fjords for instance , plus in the north we get the northern lights and midnight-sun . 
  [ long live the grandiosa kebabpizza !, 
  it a way of alleviating the overloaded immigration system in norway . 
  instead of spending time and money ( and remember it costs a lot of money housing , feeding etc an asylum seeker , in addition to the bureaucracy that also costs money ) you can just pay them money to withdraw their application and leave the country . 
  we started with border-controls two weeks ago on ferries going to norway and last monday we got border controls on the norwegian/russian border , and after we did that the number of asylum seekers have plummeted . 
  we went from about 1000 asylum seekers each week passing over from russia to ** zero ** , there has n't been a single asylum seeker that has crossed the border since last monday after the border controls started . 
  in addition the immigration laws in general has gotten stricter and we have started advertising in certain countries warning them about coming to norway . 
  according to the government we now have the strictest immigration laws in europe , and from what we can tell so far it seems to have had a big effect . 
  iirc they do it as they are boarding the ferry and thus catching them before they leave denmark . 
  not to mention that it stops a lot of the refugees heading for norway as well . 
  after sweden started with their border controls the amount of asylum seekers here plummeted . 
  tough the swedish border controls happened around the same time we got a lot stricter immigration rules , our own border control on the ferries between denmark and norway plus we did as denmark and started ad-campaigns in afghanistan warning them about coming here . 
  but despite that the experts say the most likely cause of the recent drop in asylum seekers are the swedish border controls . 
  all you swe , den , uk and ger commuters !, 
  an island is a good thing , not a bad thing !, 
  they must do , there is no way that number is as high as the test says in norway . 
  i 've read from several places that norway is among the least religious countries in the world ( along with denmark and sweden ) , so this test has it wrong . 
  but most people are members of the church since baptism is still a strong tradition here , and thus most people get enrolled in the church automatically . 
  kind of the last one , i wrote `` at least '' in case there where some other regions or something i was unaware of . 
  considering that russia has annexed parts of other countries in the last years ( ukraine and georgia at least ) i doubt breaking some immigration laws is something they are very worried about . 
   1415 $ a month must be a really low salary in norway . 
  yup , it would be very hard to live a `` normal '' life on that salary . 
  it is roughly what a part-time cashier earn if he/she work 50-70 % . 
  i live in a somewhat expensive urban area , and 1400 $ is roughly what i pay in mortgage for my apartment ( not house , that would be about the double ) and regular monthly bills . 
  was not able to find a list of the poorest cities , but the closest statistics are over municipalities . 
  the poorest in norway is [ trysil ] ( http://blog.parkinn.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/7/2015/08/bp2-no-t6rpd-trysilfjellet.jpg ) population : 6 569 average yearly salary : 16.983 $ ( in comparison in the richest municipal it is 45.457 $ ), 
   so what is sweden going to do , where are they going to funnel the people whose asylum requests are denied ? 
  well fuck . . 
  and shove a meatball down their throat , then they will start to sound danish . 
  norway is the only country in the world with sovereignty over land in both the south and north arctic , so . . yeah , theres that for us . 
  its very common to own cabins here in norway as well , iirc there are 900.000 cabin owners here , and we are only 5 million people . 
  judging by / u/marburgde link most of that is because of expansive housing taking up most if not all of peoples debt . 
   the younger generations even include random english words when they speak , which sometimes sounds really weird . 
  i 've always felt that it sounds a bit cringey when people ( my self included ) here in norway use english words when speaking norwegian . 
  but then i realized that the reason i am doing it basically because my brain `` glitch '' . 
  i know english almost as good as norwegian , so when my brain is scrambling for words when i ` am speaking it sometimes pick a english word with the same meaning as the norwegian word i normally would have used . 
  and sometimes there are english words that describes something a lot better than any norwegian words and thus i automatically ( or some times intentionally ) end up using that instead . 
  i think it boils down to the same for most people who use english words here in norway , the average english skills/knowledge is so high here that our brains basically have to sieve through two languages when we are speaking , and thus it `` glitches '' sometimes . 
  its probably because they will eventually sell that land to a big constriction firm for a bigger price than what they can offer to private people . 
  where a private person would build a house the construction firm will build a four-apartment complex or `` rekkehus '' in close proximity which they will earn a lot more on selling than if it where a house , and thus the construction firms can buy land at a bigger price than private people . 
  it sucks that all the property land is sold to constructions firms ( at least where i live ) , no one can build their own houses anymore , you have to buy a used one or a new one designed by the constructions firm , and as a result all the new residential areas are filled with identical buildings which looks a lot more ugly than traditional residential areas where all the houses are different . 
   i am yet to see an educated person picking cabbages . 
  but most of the people working in cleaning , garbage etc jobs here are east europeans , most of the low paying jobs ( with the exception of cashiers and such ) are done by east europeans . 
  we do n't have to share our oil money , thats probably the best reason . 
  but many people are angry that we implement so many of the eu directives that are thrown at us , that was not what people expected when we joined the eea . 
  sadly i ` am pretty sure this will affect norway to . 
  our government implements everything the eu trows at us and i doubt this will be any different . . 
  you 're thinking of danish, 
  as long as you stay away from the road at least , 
  then they will just slide over the border on sleds . 
   the problem is that russia is so unfathomably big . 
  yup , it was a small mind blow the other day when i realized that russia is the only country separating norway and north korea ( and a bunch of other countries for that matter ), 
  i was only able to find it in potato quality , but [ joanna lumley in the land of the northern lights ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nr5x42aqtsk&amp;list=pl39470d8699a563df ) . 
  probably not very inspirational if you are going in the summer , but its the only one i could come to think of and its very good . 
  edit : [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aklcwp-7gi ) is a other good one with a focus on the summer time and just general more informational as a travel guide . 
  seems like germany will soon need some more living-space again . 
  did you just assume my flag affiliation ? 
  finland does n't exist . 
  phew , at least we will be spared the carnage . 
  wow , that sounds very depressing for me . 
  i live in a suburban area in a relatively populated area by norwegian standers , and i 'm surrounded by uncultivated nature and the nearest town is 10 km away , there are only the occasional farms between here and that town . 
  so if i want to go hiking i can basically pick whatever direction i want and start walking and after a few minutes i 'm walking trough uncultivated nature ( its only used for grazing livestock ) and can keep doing so for a very long distance before reaching any other houses or roads . 
  true , but with fewer people living here the smaller our suburbs and cities are so nature is always close by . 
   do you also enjoy economic prosperity ? 
  uhm yeah , norway has the among the highest gdp per capita in the world and enjoy among the highest salaries in the world . 
  but that is canceled out by the summer where we in the north have close to and/or perpetual sunlight , 
  as a norwegian living in the 6th largest country in europe ( sweden is the 5th largest btw ) with only 5 million inhabitants i for one enjoy our low population density and vast areas of untouched nature . 
  [ the intro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfnla4b-pbg ) always creeped me out as a kid , the music was really unsettling for some reason . 
  at least they did n't have any lack of fuel for their ovens to keep them warm . 
  13 degrees and rain in my part of southwestern norway , seems about right for spring/summer here . . 
  uninstall reddit, 
  after seeing [ this post about the voting history ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/36vhuv/eurovision_voting_history_most_points_received_in/ ) i started wondering how the contest is perceived around europe . 
  here in norway ( at least as far as i 've observed ) its not particularly popular , artists who enter the competition here is usually rather unknown or someone trying to revive their career , and in general the music all over is regarded as bad . 
  the whole thing is stereotypically viewed as `` something only gay people watch '' . 
  so with that in mind i ` am curious to hear how this is in other european countries . 
  in norway we open them on the 24 ` th , normally sometime in the evening after we have eaten the christmas dinner . 
  for many years i thought this was the norm everywhere , but as pop-culture has thought me they do it on the morning of the 25 ` th in the us at least , and its the same in the uk to iirc ( ? ) . 
  so how do you do it in the rest of europe ? 
  ( norway ) , not very common . 
  we have two phrases , `` elsker deg '' ( love you ) and `` glad i deg '' ( which do n't rally have a english equivalent ) . 
  `` glad i deg '' is used a lot more , and its basically a weaker version of `` i love you '' . 
  you can say it to your friends and family ( but only when drunk ) and your so . 
  i myself only use `` glad i deg '' to my so , and i feel this is the norm for most people , love you seems so cheesy . 
  though there might be some geographical differencses based on dialects . 
  i imagine its more common to say `` elsker deg '' in eastern parts of norway since it sounds better in those dialects , meanwhile here in the west it sounds very unnatural with our dialects . 
  so to sum up : `` love you '' is only said between so 's but its kind of rare even there . 
  `` glad i deg '' is the one you can use to your friends and family . 
  but it is also used a lot between so 's . 
   too cold to be outside half the year then bball is a good sport for you . 
  not entirely true , basketball is not a thing here in norway , and it gets pretty cold here during the winter ( not to mention dark ) . 
  or just winter sports in general . 
  here in the nordic countries movies are never dubbed ( except kid-movies ) , but there will always be subtitles unless you go on a very special screening . 
  and yes we do show current movies , but there are some variation . 
  here in norway at least all the big budget movies premieres the same time as the us , and some times it actually premieres several days earlier . 
  on several occasions i have seen a blockbuster movie here and went on to reddit afterwards to discuses only to find out it has not premieres in the us and most other countries . 
  but non-blockbuster movies can sometimes premiere many months later than the us . 
  well there is a reason to why right-winged parties have been on the rise in the last years in europe . 
  there are many people who do not like the large number of immigrants , and thus they vote for the right-winged parties who usually are the least immigrant friendly . 
  in the last election here in norway we got a historical right-winged government , and the biggest campaign for one the two parties that won where anti-immigration .
