  people who do n't work can live a relatively decent life ( tough you will live a boring life as far as common `` luxury 's '' go ) with a good safety net to catch them if they really screw up . 
  not to mention immigrants , and i think this goes for most of europe . 
  a lot of immigrants are unemployed , first of they do n't know the language and thus ca n't get many jobs . 
  so they spend a while in the country before they are integrated enough to search jobs , and even then they usually end up in the back of the lines because they are immigrants who people do n't want to hire . 
  plus here in norway at least it is very common for the immigrant womens to just stay on welfare . 
  [ here is a list ] ( http://www.therichest.com/business/the-top-10-countries-with-the-highest-minimum-wages/?view=all ) , and most of them are european . 
  its also worth mentioning that countries like norway do n't have minimum wage , but the average wage in low income jobs such as cashiers are about 15 $ pr hour . 
  luckily it seems to be going in the right direction here in norway at least . 
  with our relatively new right winged government and stricter immigration policies the amount of asylum immigrants was reduced by 4 % from 2013-2014 . 
  now 4 % is not very much , but when you take in to consideration that asylum immigrants increased with 40 % in europe in the same period its a hell of a lot better . 
  especially compared with our neighbors , sweden had a increase of 40 % and denmark had a increase of 103 % !, 
  low-land peasants ( i ` am looking at you denmark ) , was it a strange experience the first time you walked up a mountain or just a big hill for the first time when visiting other countries ? 
  as someone who has watched a fair about of british tv ( where they often complain about the weather , plus its always cloudy and wet when they film outside ) i have always felt a little bad for you guys with you shitty weather . 
  but you have it good compared with me !, 
  i ( alongside about 50 % of the norwegan population ) live in that purple region . . 
  those bananas ai n't gon na peel them self . 
  last summer was record breaking hot actually , it was one of the best summers ever . 
  so it has been a huge contrast to get one of the most shittiest spring/summers ever this year . 
  instead of heat records we have had rain and cold records . . 
  here in stavanger to . 
  the last week has been the first actual taste of real summer this year ( at by the looks of it , maybe the last for a long time ) . 
  the entire spring the temperatures was around 7-12 for most of the time and a lot of rain ( it rained 28 days only in may ) . 
  and the summer months have not been much better either , rain and temperatures around 10-14 . 
  true , oslo has is good , but most of western and northern norway is suffering , and have done so the entire spring and summer ( with the exception of the last week , which has been awesome . 
  but now its back to 15 degrees and rain again . . ) . 
  [ here is a good selection across norway ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ai0h64y.jpg ) , and keep in mind we are just ending a week with awesome weather , the forecast for most of these places the next week is 12-17 degrees and rain . 
  and that is how the weather has been all summer , and during the spring it was 8-13 degrees and rain . . : /, 
  [ if its to hot for you can come to norway and cool down ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xotyh3s.jpg ), 
  and i read some time ago that norway was the number 1 one night stand country in the world . 
  so it makes sense . 
  speaking for norway . 
  we have always had a culture of wanting to own our own place , so when we reach the point where we can we do it . 
  also ( and i do n't know how this works in other countries ) the way our education works here people who go for a `` blue collar job '' usually starts working as an apprentice when they are 17/18 years old , and thus starts earning money early on . 
  and from there is only a matter of time before they can rent a place or buy their own . 
  most `` blue collar people '' ( my self included ) usually buys their own apartment in their early 20 's . 
  but also worth mentioning , the real estate market here has been crazy the last 10 years , prices has skyrocketed for each passing year . 
  so for young people there have been a rush to buy their own place as fast as possible to get their foot inside the housing-market before it gets even more expensive to buy . 
  fun fact : apparently we have very cheap diapers here , so cheap that they are being smuggled from norway ** to ** eastern europe . 
  we are like the dwarfs of middle earth . 
  minding our own business in our mountains with little interest about what is going on outside our borders while we are digging deeper and deeper down in the earth in search of more riches that we store away in a big pile for our self . 
  or the scandinavian mecca . 
  as in discount that we are here ? 
  or people come here in buy cheaper stuff ? 
  if the latter than you could not be more wrong , 
  for some reason i cringe a little every time i hear someone using a english word in a normal norwegian conversation . 
  and this applies to me as well , sometimes i automatically use a english word when the norwegian equivalent do n't come to mind fast enough , or simply when there is a english word or saying that describes something better than a norwegian word . 
  tough this does not apply for newer `` hip '' english/international words that has come along the last 15 years with the internet and such , for instance : lol , snap ( as in receiving a snapchat ) , unfriended etc. 
  but many of these often have a norwegian pronunciation to it , so we kind of make it our own a little . 
  my comment was meant as a joke . 
   europeans traditionally settled in places like argentina weeell , might have something to do with extradition-laws and crimes against humanity and such . 
  when abroad other rules apply , mainly because we are often intoxicated to some extent . 
  that intro , particularity the music always creeped me out as a child for some reason , 
  i have not really followed the news very closely lately , i just get the `` hottest '' news via the radio at work . 
  but i have not heard anything about it , so it clearly have n't been blown up in the media , if so i should have heard about it . 
  that has been our long con ever since we discovered oil . 
  those silly danes with their red hotdogs and strange way of counting numbers . 
  we tried a couple of years ago , but they did not make it trough our national finales . 
  considering we usually end up sending someone signing a boring ballad ( this year is no exception ) i would guess the demographic who watches the show and vote is not that keep on metal music . 
  it goes in the same lines here . 
  1 : `` hey , have you seen who they 're sending this year ? '', 
  2 : `` no i do n't care , its probably some bad shit as always '', 
  instead of striking they just go to norway and work , 
  you have good and warm weather while some of us go months without literally seeing the sun . 
  while you are doing that i ` am just gon na stay put here in norway since we got that issue covered with our sweet sweet oil money . 
  ( for those who do n't know we have put aside money from the oil revenue to a pension fund , as of september 2014 it was worth $ 857.1 billion ), 
  here in norway most people do n't care about the royal family . 
  they get little media coverage and people generally do n't take a interest in their lives . 
  but we do n't hate them or anything , and many likes the notion of having a royal family , but in general we just do n't take much of a interest in them . 
  i do n't like rap , so i ` am not very knowledgeable about whats out there . 
  [ but i have always liked this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0smfadk6mve ), 
   plus you have a speed limit that is ... a bit low . 
  yeah the speed limit only exceeds 80 on our highways where it goes as high as 110 , tho the norm is 90-100 . 
  and [ here is a map of all our 2 and 4 lane highways ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6b/norske_motorveier_og_motortrafikkveier_2014.png ) , not to much to brag about , especially when you consider that the map cuts in the middle of our country . 
  [ translated article ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.dagbladet.no%2f2016%2f04%2f08%2fnyheter%2ftrafikkulykker%2fpolitikk%2f43810608%2f ), 
  the icelandic one `` haust '' is also used in norway , both in different dialects and in one ( the least common ) of our two written languages . 
  i see them all the time , tough i live in the oil-capital of norway , witch is the city with the highest average income , so there are a lot of people who can afford expensive cars . 
  kind of ironic really , its the dirty oil money that makes people able to afford all those tesla 's . 
  hm , i have kind of the opposite experience . 
  me and my friends do n't have any higher education , mostly just manual labor jobs . 
  but we have never had a problem watching a movie or something without subtitles , as a matter of fact we prefer english over norwegian if we have the option ( mostly we watch downloaded stuff without any subtitles ) . 
  and i know many people who typically watch movies and other stuff online or downloaded where there are no options for norwegian subtitles , and non of them have any problems with that . 
  a other good example is that in recent years a lot of british and americans comedians have started coming here ( from little known to the big ones such as seinfeld , louis c.k , ricky gerveis etc ) , and they often have several shows around the country from big to smaller cities . 
  i would argue that its harder to get trough a live stand-up show with all its references , puns etc in english than a movie , but a lot of people from all rages in society watch these shows and have no problem understanding it . 
  edit : [ here is a clip of rickt gervais talking about doing stand up in scandinavia and the lack of language-barriers ] ( https://youtu.be/dzozqij7bqw?t=44 ), 
   heck , some people here ( mainly high schoolers ) actually mix english through their dutch due to pop culture and such i often hear english and norwegian mixed together in sentences ( my self included sometimes ) , for a long time i always cringed a bit when it happened since it was `` not right '' . 
  but lately i 've started thinking that it happens because the brain unintentionally mixes the languages together witch makes it less bad . 
  the brain basically has two languages to sift trough when talking , so sometimes it `` lags '' and you end up with the wrong language . 
  because sure , a lot of dutch people can speak english , but no way is that percentage 90 % . 
  from my understanding the dutch and norwegians are about equally high as far as english skills go , and with that in mind i would not doubt that 90 % is correct . 
  with the exception of old and very young people almost everyone understands english very well , they may suck at actually speaking it , but understating is no problem . 
  this might be kind of misleading . 
  i would assume that norwegian , danish and swedish all counts as separate languages . 
  but they are so similar that if you know one you know all three ( to some extent at least ) . 
  yes we are currently experiencing bad times in the oil business , but we have had many of those before and they always swing back up again , its a constant cycle . 
  and the fact of the matter is oil will be a valuable recourse for many decades to come , and it will continue to make us a lot of money . 
  our natural recourses and the money it provides our country with . 
  the biggest by a long shot is off course the oil , but we also have some of the biggest quarries in europe which makes us one of the biggest exporters of different kinds of gravel , sand etc that is used in concrete , road building and so on . 
  plus 98 % of our power comes from green energy , mainly hydroelectric and to some extent wind . 
  and a thing i pesonaly enjoy , our nature . 
  our country is the eight biggest country in europe , and with a population of only five million we have the third lowest population density in europe .
