morality of neutrality has nothing to do with anything . 
  my point is that you have to be incredibly lucky to survive as an independent for any length of time because an invader does n't give shit about proclaimed neutrality and non-aggression agreements . 
  in a hypothetical situation where nato fails , ireland would be occupied within a matter of days . 
  ireland had several things going in her favor , namely uk and [ extensive collaboration with allies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_neutrality_during_world_war_ii#the_cranborne_report ) while staying officially neutral : 1 . 
  they agreed to our use of lough foyle for naval and air purposes . 
  the ownership of the lough is disputed , but the southern irish authorities are tacitly not pressing their claim in present conditions and are also ignoring any flying by our aircraft over the donegal shore of the lough , which is necessary in certain wind conditions to enable flying boats to take off the lough . 
  they have agreed to use by our aircraft based on lough erne of a corridor over southern irish territory and territorial waters for the purpose of flying out to the atlantic . 
  they have arranged for the immediate transmission to the united kingdom representative 's office in dublin of reports of submarine activity received from their coast watching service . 
  they arranged for the broadening of reports by their air observation corps of aircraft sighted over or approaching southern irish territory . 
  ( this does not include our aircraft using the corridor referred to in ( b ) above . ), 
  they arranged for the extinction of trade and business lighting in coastal towns where such lighting was alleged to afford a useful landmark for german aircraft . 
  they have continued to supply us with meteorological reports . 
  they have agreed to the use by our ships and aircraft of two wireless direction-finding stations at malin head . 
  they have supplied particulars of german crashed aircraft and personnel crashed or washed ashore or arrested on land . 
  they arranged for staff talks on the question of co-operation against a possible german invasion of southern ireland , and close contact has since been maintained between the respective military authorities . 
  they continue to intern all german fighting personnel reaching southern ireland . 
  on the other hand , though after protracted negotiations , allied service personnel are now allowed to depart freely and full assistance is given in recovering damaged aircraft . 
  recently , in connection with the establishment of prisoner of war camps in northern ireland , they have agreed to return or at least intern any german prisoners who may escape from northern ireland across the border to southern ireland . 
  they have throughout offered no objection to the departure from southern ireland of persons wishing to serve in the united kingdom forces nor to the journey on leave of such persons to and from southern ireland ( in plain clothes ) . 
  they have continued to exchange information with our security authorities regarding all aliens ( including germans ) in southern ireland . 
  they have ( within the last few days ) agreed to our establishing a radar station in southern ireland for use against the latest form of submarine activity . 
  if moltke had n't changed schlieffen plan , netherlands would have been counquered . 
  original schlieffen plan had envisioned german troops conquering the low countries . 
  switzerland has mountains all over it 's borders , in wwii had a tunnel which connected germany and italy and allowed significant materiel and manpower to reach northern italy . 
  how do you think wehrmacht suppllied it 's troops since the surrender of italy in ' 43 ? 
  germany was heavily involved in war on the east , and simply could n't afford enough troops to conquer switzerland . 
  all of which contributed to hitler 's decision to let her be , for the moment . 
  sweden in ww2 escaped conquest because allies could n't land on her beaches and invade germany . 
  german troops freely passed through sweden , vacationed there and germany even bought raw materials from sweden . 
  norway and denmark were n't so lucky , and they were both neutral . 
  denmark even signed non-agression treaty with germany in ' 39 . 
  my point is , in a global conflict , you either fight on any side or hope to god you 're just unimportant enough to fly under the radar . 
  neutrality is viable only if you can enforce it . 
  just look what neutrality did to belgium and netherlands in both world wars . 
  well , seeing as how russia was the main agitator in donetsk and slaviansk they did no one any favors, 
  it 's more about experiencing another country and culture . 
  as a scot you 're sick and tired of scotland and haggis, 
  of course a slovenian wants sea . 
  no sea for you, 
  if pirate partei is in any way similar to the croatia flavoured piratska stranka , they are doomed to fail . 
  piratska stranka was essentially hijacked by conspiracy theorists and people with some axes to grind . 
  i was ( verbally ) attacked and accused of working for zamp ( croatian gema ) just for saying that maybe you should n't call zamp a mafia organization . 
  you 're wrong . 
  majority of any given nation will take their own corrupt and incompetent assholes over * foreign * corrupt and incompetent assholes . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  [ here 's a nice article on people 's strongly held beliefs ] ( http://m.motherjones.com/environment/2014/02/vaccine-denial-psychology-backfire-effect )  so as a rational person , you might think it would be of the utmost importance to try to talk some sense into these people . 
  but there 's a problem : according to a major new study in the journal pediatrics , trying to do so may actually make the problem worse . 
  you think russia is stronger than eu and us either militarily or economically ? 
  the entire soviet union was weaker than us alone even during the height of cold war . 
  and look at how it all ended . 
  it was ultimatum first and declaration of war second . 
  pots and pans programme in wwii , while contributing almost nothing materiel-wise was a tremendous morale booster . 
  it 's in eu 's best interest to discourage cherrypicking . 
  in this particular case a good smack on the head is the best solution . 
  but they have the power to stop you from importing swiss goods, 
  because the swiss are doing it . 
  the swiss are going to unilaterally break an agreement with the eu . 
  why in the world would the eu have to suck it up ? 
  want to unilaterally limit immigration ? 
  sure , we 'll unilaterally limit import quotas . 
  how is preventing someone from lying censorship ? 
  people leave those places for a reason . 
  life without running water , electricity , decent sanitation and healthcare sucks . 
  just one ? 
  you lazy fuck, 
   a homemade drug called krokodil is gaining popularity in siberia and its effects on users are horrific . 
  krokodil is russian for crocodile , because of the way addicts ' skin begins to get turn scaly , dry and eventually rot right off their bodies . 
  even most heroin users are frightened by krokodil and want nothing to do with this terrifying drug . 
  [ krokodil : russia 's deadliest drug ( nsfw ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsuh8llvtzo ), 
  sweet . 
  absolutely true story from a website known for true stories . 
  on a more serious note , have you worked with roma youth ? 
  or with anyone from their community who want to improve their quality of life ? 
  i ti sad sere\u0161 po ciganima . 
  hindenburg appointed him the chancellor and hitler took over the presidency after hindenburg 's death . 
  hitler was n't voted into power . 
  which is exactly what the poll concluded . 
  and given that the sample size was 500 it gives margin of error between 4 % and 5 % . 
  which means that , taking [ the poll in question ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1510866/poll-reveals-40pc-of-muslims-want-sharia-law-in-uk.html ) , somewhere between 35 % and 45 % of muslims in uk want sharia . 
  which is then further muddled by media interpretation that almost half of muslims want sharia in uk . 
  and the poll was conducted in 2006 when the subway bombing were still rather fresh in the public 's eye . 
  most important thing in the poll was  overall , the findings depict a muslim community becoming more radical and feeling more alienated from mainstream society , even though 91 per cent still say they feel loyal to britain . 
  the icm opinion poll also indicates that a fifth have sympathy with the `` feelings and motives '' of the suicide bombers who attacked london last july 7 , killing 52 people , although 99 per cent thought the bombers were wrong to carry out the atrocity . 
  of course they should be . 
  until you 're in one . 
  i 'm not saying we should accept anyone and everyone who wants to come to europe . 
  i 'm saying it 's wrong to dismiss their problems by just saying they should get their shit in order . 
  that 's a slight oversimplification . 
  there are many issues responsible for the hellhole that is subsaharan africa . 
  some of them are : * colonial borders disregarding ethnic borders * proxy cold war in several countries such as angola and congo * resources such as conflict diamonds were sold to multinational corporations and used to purchase weapons from multinational corporations it 's easy to say that they should get their shit straight and stop fucking up their country . 
  it 's a whole ` nother story to actually do something . 
  additional food for thought : zambia reject food aid during a famine because it was gmo . 
  it was a proxy dispute between eu and us over gmo . 
  maybe , just maybe , those people want to work for your country just as hard as you . 
  there are several articles which ammount to little more than `` hitler & co did nothing wrong '' . 
  it 's not bias , it 's plain incorrect, 
  their own . 
  they have it in travno , siget , vrbani , zapru\u0111e , trnsko and mybe utrine, 
  [ amis also offers fios ] ( http://www.amis.hr/optika.php ) with price being ~ 220 kn for their 3u1 service which includes 70 tv channels , unlimited bandwidth at 20/10 mb and 1500 minutes to landlines in croatia . 
  welp , you just lost your last muslim subscriber .
