  you know it 's part of the french law , but sadly not observed by most religious people ? 
  i think it should be a basis for the european laws . 
   and i 'm not a big fan of jediism , too much hocus pocus , but pastafaris are ok in my book . 
  this is exactly why , you have a lack of midichlorians !, 
  but i have to admit , the idea of a sexy bolognese monster is appealing :d, 
   and remember , the conversion of europe to catholicism was done by force and terror , too !, 
  two different era , two different worlds !, 
  i do n't excuse the appalling behavior , i just have difficulties to judge facts of the past with our current frame of reference . 
  anyway , i admit , i 'm an atheist and i could n't care less about any of the two parts . 
  the more the time goes , the more i feel that religion do n't have their place in our modern society . 
  except jediism , which is common knowledge . 
   i have lived through 2 wars , but fuck it if i let that make me scared . 
  apprehensive , yes . 
  cautious , yes . 
  scared ? 
  being scared and feeling threatened are two slightly different things to me . 
  but you have a point , in some way , they won . 
  bastards . 
   and how does that threaten you ? 
  i was two blocks away from the main attack , when you do n't feel safe in your hometown ( ffs it 's paris , not baghdad ) , i think you can call it being threaten . 
  nevertheless , i think an enormous part of the french population felt threaten during this week . 
  if you are n't , congratulation for your proficiency in gorilla warfare . 
   and the falangistas are still around , not just 80 years back . 
  and when was the last mass murder action they taken ? 
   what happened last january ? 
  charlie hebdo attacks . 
   and you do realise that the madrid metro attacks had way , way less victims than the strictly catholic falangistas have made , right ? 
  i 'm talking about event i lived ( and you should too ) , not something that happened 80 years ago . 
  we can also talk about the french religious wars , or even wwii , but i do n't think it 's relevant in this context . 
  well , i 'm not afraid to say that i shit in my pant quite strongly last january ... and my family suffered from the madrid metro attack ( half of my family is spanish and most of them live in madrid ) . 
  so yes i felt threatened at those moments . 
  i do n't know , i have n't felt threatened by catholic terrorist in the recent years . 
   it 's the catholics that reacted strongly i thought it was mostly morons , not catholic . 
  i would classify them as conservatives , they were n't displaying religious values as far as i remember . 
  anyway you have a point i forgot about this event . 
  i was more thinking about the 278 deaths caused by islamism terrorist ( yes they are as insane as brevik is ) attack in europe this last ~ 10 years . 
   i do n't know the situation in france , so maybe it is that way ( other than charlie hebdo i mean ) , however here in germany you get in much more trouble offending christians or sports fans ( mostly football , tho i remember national outrage and lots of angry people beeing sparked by some pretty dark joke about michael schuhmacher aswell ) than you get from offending muslims which usually take it pretty well =d strange that we have two complete opposite effects on people . 
  we barely see any major or notable reaction from the catholic or any other religion in france except from muslims ... 
  i do n't say they are to blame , oh no , it 's just that the nuts are there . 
  yup , let 's just wait for the bombing to start ... 
  brace yourselves , terrorist attacks are coming ... oh wait . 
   while a combined franco-german project makes sense i would be happy to see this happen , but i hardly find a reason to replace our leclercs . 
  we hardly use them in modern conflict ( too heavy for afghanistan or mali , they were barely deployed ) , and they are still a good piece of technology from what i read . 
  ( sorry i could n't read the article , i do n't speak german ), 
  exceptions , exceptions everywhere :d anyway , thank you , i have some kind of guidance like this . 
  at least , i imagine yours are n't far right parties ... 
  hm interesting , in french we have , to my knowledge , a single exception for countries related adjectives : the language spoken by finns : `` finnois '' instead of what should be the name of the language `` finlandais '' . 
  weird to use this example for english when it 's the only weird one we have in french . 
  anyway , people also make the mistake all the time in french , i should n't bother too much about it xd . 
  it sounds way too weird to say `` i 'm a frenchman '' ... 
  well , except that i work everyday in english . 
  i deal with natives all the time and i 've reach the point that i 'm able to get my point across most of ( if not all ) the time . 
  now that i 'm moving to australia , it 's time to tend to the correct form , 
  i do think it 's a great thing , we should continue all efforts produced by our ancestors and keep building europe together . 
   erm , perhaps frogs ? 
  i have like , 0 problem with that !, 
   sheep welsh ? 
   franc some people really use this ? 
  anyway , i think it 's yet another reason to think twice before speaking now ... 
  strange thing , i think most of people never really use the correct term , including natives . 
  but now i 'm confused , what would you use for `` french '' then ? 
  thank you for this , i actually thought about this for a long time ... and i was wrong . 
  i really thought brit was a contraction . 
  `` anticonstitutionnellement '' could be translated by `` going against the constitution '' there is a couple of other weird words a bit longer `` hexakosioihexekontahexaphobie '' or some weird conjugation with the aforementioned word , but they are not used . 
  the first is . 
  `` a '' , '' \u00f4 '' and `` y '' being the shortests, 
  i 'm pleased to see a british having that kind of speech !, 
  jumping from one topic to another , how louisiana recovered from cathrina ? 
  maybe there is something linked with the raids and human sacrifices ... 
  but please proceed . 
  i mean , in some way , you are responsible for the foundation of my home region . 
   it most likely comes from both world war 2 and the aftermath . 
  no , it comes from the non-participation to the second iraqi war . 
  just give it a shot :d, 
  wow ... 
  they are famous for passing one good bill and hundreds of utterly wrong ones every time they are in power . 
  we have a saying in french : socialism stops with the money of others . 
  they could have more simply quote the very foundation of our nation : the human rights declaration . 
  ** '' they are calling themselves republican ( for our american brothers , there is no link to your party ) ... 
  when they are raping a third of our most sacred text , i think they just deserve to be totally obliterated from the political landscape . 
  fuck them . 
   they have a socialist , left-wing government . 
  this should n't be happening . 
   i do n't see why it would n't be compatible . 
  in the french history , socialist almost every time made things worse . 
  good . 
  fuck this government . 
  not as much as reason to remember the name, 
  this is ... bloody brilliant !, 
  we need to spread the bacon to the entire world . 
  and the cheese . 
  do n't forget the cheese . 
  you are not trying to create a cheese free world , are you ? 
  mate , i was joking . 
  some say trolling . 
  do n't get offended for a stupid comment like mine . 
  i like switzerland and praise a lot of quality product they made . 
  i work in the financial sector in luxembourg , i wo n't tell you how well connected i am to switzerland companies , but i can assure you , this was trolling . 
  yeah sorry mate , i was just really surprised by this figure . 
  i guess you are right .
