  but let people drive the way they feel safe elsewhere . 
  driving in germany is insanely tiring with those changing speed limits every kilometers . 
  it 's even more dangerous as we are more focused in reaching this limit and wondering what 's the current one , rather than what 's actually happening on the road . 
  really ? 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  i 'll keep an eye on the threads , 
  as someone who hates speed limits in general , i think those should be even more strict . 
  you do n't overspeed in fucking cities . 
  highways are for this ( and fuck speed cameras ) . 
  edit : btw , i think it 's even lower now in france ( 80km/h ) , they changed the law not so long ago . 
  wait you guys have eu4 games ? 
  holy cow !, 
  so sad i did n't hear from that earlier . 
  pretty much the reason why i 'm telling people to be careful with jumping on conclusion . 
  reuters is a reliable enough source for me , so fair enough , but i 'd love to have more details . 
  so i can safely admit that he is guilty of the first attacks , but not this last one . 
  thanks for the link , you have the full report somewhere ? 
  i 'd like to have a read . 
  so you are a trump fanboy ? 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
  so is melenchon . 
  you are a gigantic ass . 
  exactly what i think , but once again , i prefer to wait for more official and independent relays . 
  we 've seen how cleverly `` moderated '' rebels manipulated the public opinion in aleppo . 
  thank you . 
  i ca n't believe guys like this . 
  i hope the largest part of the german and french population think like we do . 
  no i agree completely , while assad is really to blame on some decisions , you ca n't put everything on his shoulder . 
  what hollande or merkel would have done if a part of the population was starting to kill and taking hostage an other part of it ? 
  it 's more complexe than some random guy on the internet think it is . 
  okay you are waaaay too biased and nuts . 
  thank god you have no power here . 
  we do know why , it 's called war . 
  blaming a specific side or the other is non-sense at this point . 
  `` le dessous des cartes '' a show that is usually pretty spot on and neutral said that al nusra received chemical component used for weapon coming from the turkey border a few days before the attack . 
  regardless , of this specific event nobody get batshit crazy when the [ us vaporised 200 civilians ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/24/world/middleeast/us-iraq-mosul-investigation-airstrike-civilian-deaths.html?smid=tw-share&amp;_r=0#https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/24/world/middleeast/us-iraq-mosul-investigation-airstrike-civilian-deaths.html?smid= ) a few weeks ago . 
  just breath , take a step back and avoid blowing shit up without knowing what 's going on . 
  i see . 
  and i thought the english were a bit hardcore ... 
  let 's stay neutral gents . 
  until there is a real independent investigation , nobody has any idea what the hell happened . 
  i always hated when people jumped on conclusions . 
  even more when it 's state officials . 
  it has always been festive events . 
  almost a big party for all family members !, 
  and all those gents who are stopping right after escalators ... 
  wait you deal with them in another way in norway ? 
   guillaume is french for william , and william is english for willem and willem is dutch for guillaume/william . 
  i was quite aware of this , but thanks , eh !, 
  ( you can add guillermo in spanish )  however it appears there have been two countries that ever conquered england . 
  so we were both wrong and right . 
  twl !, 
  guillaume de normandie , or guillaume le batard . 
  when king edward died at the beginning of 1066 , the lack of a clear heir led to a disputed succession in which several contenders laid claim to the throne of england . 
  william assembled a large invasion fleet and an army gathered from normandy and all over france . 
  william obtained pope alexander ii 's consent for the invasion , signified by a papal banner , along with diplomatic support from other european rulers . 
  the 11th-century invasion and occupation of england by an army of norman , breton , and french soldiers led by duke william ii of normandy , later styled as william the conqueror . 
  william was acclaimed king of england and crowned by ealdred on 25 december 1066 , in westminster abbey . 
  what the hell are you talking about then if not guillaume the conqueror ... 
  he had dutch allies and the fleet was mostly dutch , but most of his army was n't dutch . 
  most of his commanders and general were n't dutch . 
  who the hell are you talking about ? 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_the_conqueror ) mostly . 
  guillaume was n't dutch . 
  his army was n't dutch . 
  his strategy was n't dutch . 
  his lineage is n't dutch . 
  thanks but not thanks . 
  always remember that the only people that ever conquered england were french . 
  i did n't know yours was in french !, 
  belgium , the irony . 
  luxembourg , the most honest guys around here . 
  spain , what the hell ? 
  portugal , simple and happy people :d switzerland , dumas fanboys ? 
  ireland , poland and austria do n't have one ? 
  war worth shit in europe . 
  fuck self determination if it translates to the death of a fuckton of people . 
  if you think it worths a war between civilized states you are a despicable person . 
  how surprising , uk government over-reacting ? 
  chill out guys , this is a civilized land . 
  oh and fuck theresa may , gibraltar is n't worth a war you dumbass !, 
  edit : i mean , nothing in europe worth a war within europe . 
  no matter what people say politics wise , all the support to the russian people today !, 
  i know you guys will not let this put you down !, 
  because it is , 
  and with guaranteed nasty secondary effects ... and it 's perfectly legal . 
  maybe we should ask the european parliament to draft a regulation . 
  it 's a matter of public safety . 
  yeah right ... and if she is a very naughty girl , saint nicholas will not bring her any gift this year . 
  i want to vote for this guy . 
  still a better eu representative than le pen . 
  do the math yourself , you have all the figures right here . 
  the far majority of us have nothing against turkish people . 
  even the politically engaged . 
  the erdogan supporters like this though ... 
  in your face , cunt !, 
  the thing is , this law is for abuse and not a single out of context offense . 
  it 's the same thing , you are liable for a loss of driving license if you are walking drunk on the street , but i never heard anyone under the same kind of sentence . 
  the thing is , nobody bats an eye when she is using fake employment but they give her shit for that ? 
  fuck this .
