   heirlooms are a thing . 
  that 's why we have to make an intelligent law , but in your mind it 's all or nothing apparently . 
   the difference with taxes is that we do n't tax jewelry ownership you are taxed on every single euro you make . 
  you are taxed on every single euro you spend . 
  jewelry is only an isolated example on a more general problem . 
   who says they wont be giving back in regular normal taxes in a couple of years ? 
   because they are refugees and , as such , are not supposed to be immigrant coming here permanently . 
  because let 's be honest , if they are , we are doomed . 
  we have no job and no future for them in the current state of things . 
   there 's a dutch word for policies like these `` symboolpolitiek '' , it means this is a policy designed solely to appease voters . 
  and what 's wrong with that ? 
  we are a democratie , the people is governing the nation , they have the right to go in the direction that they feel like . 
  if you are against that , you are against democratie . 
  it 's a bit fucked up , i admit , but how is that different with tax we are paying every year ? 
  why is one considered stealing and not the other ? 
  we are contributing to a society that gives back to us , the least you can do is giving back to somebody that helps you , no ? 
  do n't you think it would be a bit hypocritical having `` refugees '' running for their life with jewelries ? 
  i understand your point , but i would n't care myself about watches ( even if i fucking love them ) if it was a payback to someone who is giving me shelter , food and protection . 
  it 's simple decency to give back to a society but in some people mind it only goes one way . 
  ohhh listing people based on their religious belief / political stance , it always ended up well in history ... what 's the next step , are we going to force them to wear a little swastika ? 
  i like this , finally a law that make sense in that mess . 
  if i was a real refugee i would n't care a single second about jewelry . 
  thank you for the background story . 
  all in all it 's one retarded group protesting against another retarded group . 
  we already have some pretty strict rules , i would n't mind having even tougher ones . 
  powerful weapons have nothing to do in hands of the general population . 
  haha fuck no , i 've spent enough time on sailing boat to tell you that nothing bigger than a fishing boat will give you way . 
  i nearly killed myself rushing in front of a ferry thinking `` i had the right of way '' . 
  i got busted by the police and left with a warning . 
  those rules are great on paper , but as a general rule , you always give way to the bigger ship . 
  you do n't manoeuvre the same way a super tanker and a 40ft sailing boat . 
  thank you , i do n't even understand the point of the article . 
  can somebody explain me the quotes ? 
  or the purpose of the article ? 
  stuff like this happens all the time , as a general rule at sea , the bigger you are , the more priority you have . 
  what 's wrong with a ** warship ** warning a potential threat to legitimately move out of its way ? 
  but what are they exactly complaining about ? 
  there must be a trigger here . 
  poland can into interweb but not into space . 
  where does your stats come from ? 
  i have some difficulties seeing that only ~ 600 french are around here . 
  because they are completely irrelevant in most european countries . 
  when are they going to understand that they need another representative . 
  coppe was the worst thing possible and they just picked the worst second . 
  i see 3 very promising candidates : la garde ( which is a bit irrelevant in that context i admit ) , juppe and fillon . 
  and none of them have nearly enough visibility at the moment . 
   lol alors , voil\u00e0 : i changed for luxembourg flag yesterday because of this as heroic as funny . 
  it 's my supporter flag here . 
   ohhhhh i see , yeah quite funny indeed :d  ( and in their pro celtic biggots gros-pardessus subbreddit ) . 
  ffs , the situation is unbearable sometime ... 
  but at least we can cadebord with our common hatred of the rosbeefs and the general poor results of our national side . 
  still , pape president . 
  i 'm not lost , asking this question on / r/rugbyunion would n't make things any less weird . 
  i just wanted to ask something to a user i see and talk with in most of the subs i 'm following , but fuck me , right ? 
  hold on a sec , that flair , are you from toulon or not in the end ? 
  muh oppression , muh self determination . 
   i think if we want to ban something then start with religions . 
  i prefer to put it back where it belongs , the very private sphere , your home and nothing more . 
   or at least remove the tax exemption , government aids and special rights . 
  for every one of them . 
  that would solve a lot of problems . 
  and cause zero . 
  with that i agree completely . 
   we cant ban the word sharia why ? 
  we are banning every reference to nazism , why is that any different ? 
   if a group harasses people acting as an authority and forcing their will on a community then the least of my concerns are what they are wearing . 
  there are like 10 much more meaningful crimes they commit , focus on those . 
  while i agree , i prefer acting before it 's too late . 
  the sharia is in complete and total opposition to our values and there is no way we should accept that in our society . 
  then you would have no problem having some guys wearing ss uniforms ? 
  because they are spreading more or less the same ideas , and it 's only bad fashion . 
  are you a great supporter of the sharia law ? 
  because you sound like it . 
  i 'm pretty sure replacing those by an ss print tag would put you in considerable trouble . 
  double standard much ? 
  quite disgusting individuals . 
  the location is irrelevant , they are refugees , not migrants they do n't have the right to complain , they are n't entitled to shit . 
  no matter what super tata merkel told them , we have no job for them , it 's temporary and they will go back to their country at some point . 
  that being said , for fully paid vacacations , i would rather go to portugal than germany ( love you guys but you do n't have the best beach resorts ) . 
  oh yeah , quite glorious as well !, 
  for me it was between france and austria . 
  have you ever been there ? 
  after all , even morocan and pakistaneese can be refugees ... 
  i 'd love to apply for free money and free housing in portugal . 
  not refugees . 
  this is a relevant argument , thank you . 
  i hate easy and stupid comparison , this is somewhat more appropriate . 
  that being said , i beg to differ on the context . 
  it was more a political war than an ideological one . 
  did that happen in frankfurt ? 
  no , the us . 
  i 'm sick of those easy comparison on two very different nations and systems . 
  so , is there still opponents to those closure now ? 
  oh , it 's originally using the cyrillic alphabet . 
  now that you are mentioning it , it 's kinda logical ... 
  so what 's the difference between the two ch ? 
  how is it supposed to be pronounced ? 
  edit : ahhhh those lovely downvotes for asking a question about a foreign language . 
  how lovely this sub has become ... 
  seriously , every time i ask for a language question here ( especially about english ) , i get downvoted .
