   you 've never `` tried to support them or tried to understand them '' judging by your posts on this issue . 
  oh i did in the past , i tried to understand , until i realize it was just a selfish move , insulting the rest of europeans . 
   also i do n't see how catalonia achieving independence would `` hurt europe '' ? 
   because no matter how they present it , the independence is only for economical reasons . 
  on top of that , they do n't actually realize how damaging it will be for themselves , but , as i said , i do n't care anymore . 
  it would be the same with france , we would be far better on our own right ? 
  but no , i do n't care if i have to pay tax to help any spaniard or greek or hungarian when they need it , because i love europe and i believe in it . 
  i actually live by the motto of my country , and by the values of europe . 
  once you want to stop helping your neighbour , you will again do the same kind of dickmove toward other european members and i ca n't stand that . 
  independentist are just a bunch of selfish kids . 
  because i care a lot about europe ? 
  and this kind of childish move is damaging . 
  i 'm just saying , i 'm done trying supporting or understanding them . 
  once they get their independence , they will blame : - the rest of europe for being mean to them - the spanish government for not supporting their economy - the weather because it is too hot/cold/dry / humid ( pick one every season ) - sadam ussain for being a sadistic bastard not being able to sexually satisfy satan , ultimately bringing calamities to catalonia and barcelona will eventually claim its independence as it is oppressed by the rest of catalonia . 
  wow , thank you for the complete list , i have some things to look for . 
  especially the one about the civil war . 
  thanks for that , i 'll give it a shot out of curiosity , 
  i think you should n't consider the attacks to merkel as attacks to the germans people . 
  i spent the last couple of years of my life in luxembourg and i made a lot of german friends . 
  i know quite well what they stand for ( regardless where they come from in germany ) . 
  i sincerely hope that the stupid actions of the various politics in europe wo n't endanger the friendship and the bonds i have with the rest of my fellow europeans . 
  why not ? 
  i 'm a federalist and i completely disagree with how my politics are handling the situation . 
  i do n't see how being a federalist makes me a naive populist . 
  yeah , why not , never thought of it this way , 
  awww tell me one more time how much you suffer from the spanish oppression ... 
   and you 've so far had zero problems with these refugees so far . 
  we had already thank you . 
  increase of violence , rise of extremist islamism and the worst terrorism . 
  it 's been 50 years we are doing the same mistakes over and over again . 
  now , we just want to make it worse . 
  we do n't have a job to offer them , it wo n't be any different this time . 
   there 's a lot of things you can do before needing to kick them all out . 
  no , because once they are there , it 's over . 
  european law is protecting the immigrant , and it should be . 
  it 's just that i want to not rush thing and be sure of what we are taking . 
   if you 're saying the process needs to be better and more organized , you 'll get no argument from me . 
  but quotas can be part of that process . 
  yes , and the quotas are not the right way . 
  you do n't force charity . 
  hm , i consider that germans are as much victim of this policy as other people in europe . 
  it 's the german policy we should blame , not the germans . 
   i work in seattle . 
  there 's a ton of second and third generation immigrants here , and they seem to be functioning just fine . 
  maybe you just did a piss poor job at integrating them ? 
  tons of immigrant coming from a completely different culture than the american one ? 
  blatant lie . 
  we have millions of 2nd and 3rd generation immigrant coming from spain , italy , germany etc. 
  me being one of them , and guess what ? 
  we have 0 problem with them . 
   there 's , what , 10m illegal immigrants in the us right now ? 
  people whinge about it , but the country 's not breaking up over it . 
  again , you are missing my point , you are selecting very strictly your immigration . 
  we have no idea who 's coming in europe right now . 
  a syrian passport can be bought for a couple of hundreds euros . 
  what prevent war criminal and terrorist coming the same way ? 
  it shows the lack of foresight of the average independentist mind . 
  do n't forget churchill : `` the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter . '', 
  damn auto correct xd btw , any good recommendation for spanish comics ? 
  i 'm working on my spanish and i need some support for my free time . 
   neither do you because so far the worst thing that 's happened is that a bunch of white people have pissed on families and burnt down refugee centers . 
  well , i 'm french , i have a perfectly clear idea of what happens two-three generations later thanks . 
  you clearly have no clue . 
  the bullshit opinion of the us being a model of immigration when comparing it to europe who is taking immigrants at an alarming rate . 
  we are not dealing with the same people and the same impact on society . 
  the us have the one of the most strict immigration regulation on earth , and certainly far worse than what we have in europe . 
  it 's so easy to say that they are the best at integration when you actually take a couple once in awhile . 
  the majority of people in europe think quotas are a shit idea , regardless of the country . 
  so , as soon you disagree with taking thousands of people home , you are a racist ? 
  it 's so easy to have this kind of stance when you have a whole ocean separating you from this whole clusterfuck that the middle east is . 
  stop spreading this kind of bullshit opinion , you have no idea how massive islamic immigration can backfire . 
  does n't mean the law is being enforced . 
   they would die waiting because their life is threaten in any way ? 
  no , because they are selfish fucks , we do n't need that kind of people on our side . 
  i prefer to keep our attention and help focused on supporting you guys . 
  to be a bit pedantic on the topic , agecanonix is , to my knowledge , the only alesia veteran in the village . 
  oh , and i 'm really happy to see asterix known overseas . 
  poor poor oppressed catalonia . 
  if they want to raise the middle finger to europe , so be it . 
  i 'm done with them , i do n't care anymore . 
  german policy side effects . 
  ftfy, 
  the article is in finnish ... 
  not even able to read finnish , i ca n't believe it !, 
   how many polish immigrants are there in uk and germany ? 
   and do n't forget france , we have a lot of them . 
  and i 'm perfectly fine with them ffs . 
  the thing is , people are n't . 
  it 's just `` a vocal minority '' that our government is trying to seduce . 
  just wait for the next elections ... 
  terrorism , violence in the poor neighborhood and even more terrorism . 
  oh you can call it the most read piece of crap , for all i care . 
  i just find weird that all the germans here call it really bad when it 's actually really popular . 
  i heard that from one of my german friend . 
  you mean that joke of an election where people voted against someone instead of a candidate and its political choices ? 
  i did n't invited them , did you ? 
  just have a look on how this backfired for france . 
  most of the time it 's not as good as this though !, 
  by refusing to cover themselves . 
  where is the german guy saying that they were only here temporarily ?
