  i 'm quite neutral when it comes to le pen , but it 's a bad move for everyone involved . 
  we all agree , it 's a stupid decision . 
  whereas pursuing her for her fake employment practice would 've been backed up by a huge part of the population . 
  but you can pursue someone from crimes you are already committing . 
  read them , watch them , eat with them , played with them ... 
  i ca n't imagine my childhood without them . 
  look who 's not typing on a phone . 
  we are yet to see his program . 
  i guess erdogan was your history teacher ? 
  well . 
  marseille is the second largest city in france . 
  not lyon . 
  not my point at all . 
  all those protests are not constructive at best . 
  they display a bad image of the country and prevent people from living their life normally for weeks . 
  i support gay marriage but both side piss me off to no end . 
  it passed just deal with it and move on . 
  we have other priorities right now . 
  after months of portest it 's closer to harassment than anything else . 
  so are you !, 
  and god bless maisel & friends !, 
  this one is really disturbing . 
  my people in a nutshell . 
  and massilia ? 
  this . 
  do n't you dare . 
  just for the sake of the whole country , i do n't want to ever again see another `` mariage pour tous '' or `` manif pour tous '' events . 
  fuck off , like for real . 
  either way , it will be romanian at some point . 
  and you do n't see the irony yourself in insulting people by doing exactly the same thing . 
  i 'm not trying to silence others . 
  just pointing that you are worsening everything by trying to shutdown people . 
  thank you . 
  at least the rest of the sub understands ... 
  the von carlstein will prevail !, 
  you must be a troll . 
  you do n't understand how the average voter think , do you ? 
  if you want to keep europe the nice democracy it still is , those discussions need to take place . 
  let 's grow up a bit and stop tagging people `` racist '' for whatever reason that does n't fit your agenda . 
  neither of the three . 
  just stating that by putting bad tags to people like this , you alienate them even more and feed the hate spiral . 
  considering healthy discussion on immigration is not being xenophobic . 
  you are a better advocate for far right parties than any xenophobic people here . 
  you are a huge part of the problem . 
  that 's true . 
  come at me !, 
  prove me wrong !, 
  so the largest since communism ? 
  i guess the ratio makes the difference , thank you !, 
  okay guys , i 'm all for support against corruption and everything . 
  just one question ? 
  how serious is that , on a scale from our useless simpletons of `` la nuit debout '' to july 1789 in france ? 
  you seem like a brilliant mind too . 
  ok i stop here , i really ca n't fix stupid . 
  you can twist it how much you want , words have a meaning . 
  i can also say that he is a terrorism apologist to say he wants to legalize weed , but it 's retarded . 
  like your argument . 
  no matter what you say or what your `` expert '' says , he is running for president . 
  he is candidate , he will be present at the first round , he is running for president -_- . 
  i think you have either a poor understanding of what `` running for '' means , or you did n't follow the results of the socialist election this last sunday . 
  of course he is running for president . 
  oh , and your flair is wrong . 
  should be 2 lions . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with those stances ( and i 'm more right lenient ) , but it sounds really like that . 
  take religion seriously . 
  best vodka in the world . 
  one of the most badass cavalry unit in the world : the winged hussards . 
  poland ball . 
  actually i 'm more of spanish origins ... 
  how dumb of me !, 
  sorry mate , we call it cancer express here . 
  i guess it 's just a difference of vocabulary !, 
  i see one . 
  huge burn on the 3 days of sun you have a year !, 
  and not on the most pleasant part . 
  fair point my friend . 
  fair point ... 
  if you can see them , they are very poor ninjas . 
   ( atheism ) which have a history of extreme violence on europe that would be great , cheers . 
  you must be a troll . 
  there is a no way somebody with more than half a brain could believe that . 
  ever heard of religious wars ? 
  muslim conquest of the south of europe ? 
  the 30 years war ? 
  being naked in the uk . 
  have you seen the average temperature and rain level there ? 
  i ca n't help but think all those star forts were designed by vauban himself . 
  perdu !, 
  i did n't remember it was that ... 
  interesting . 
  and oh god those comments from the other guys ... 
  having a yearly chance to kick england 's ass ? 
  edit : and failing miserably edit 2 : thanks to a very lenient ref towards red coats . 
  edit 3 : and courtney `` pussy '' lawes that is unable to tackle someone that weights more than 75kg . 
  and this is the kind of statement that helps raising populism . 
  not dealing with factual issues in concrete term feeds the pc rhetoric , and piss off more people who want action . 
  you know the citizens . 
  it 's a vicious circle you are feeding by wanting to be so pc all the time . 
  we are talking about governing close to a billion of people , not a classroom of pupils . 
  sooo now that populism is on the rise , and the previous power risk to lose their sit , they actually make a move ?
