  you have some holidays in a south-east asia and a tsunami happen . 
  better safe than sorry !, 
   it does n't threaten the health of the child . 
  and my point is , it does !, 
  saying that all human being will never face a time where he will have to swim is ridiculous . 
  there can be plenty of reasons and it 's the safe and sound thing to do . 
  and this wo n't take years to kill you , dawning will actually kill yourself in a few minutes . 
  at least we agree on the rest , 
   except that not participating in swimming lessons does n't actually threaten your health , it does . 
  it prevents a shitload of accident and death just by learning the basics . 
   a believe that swimming itself is sinful but because the pool is probably mixed gender . 
  do n't tell me you advocate for those backward practices ? 
  what 's next ? 
  a pool time only for jews ? 
  those attention whores ... 
  it 's not neglect , it 's fucking abuse at this point . 
  what if parents where told their kids could only eat butter because their alien prophet told them to . 
  it would be called abuse . 
  let 's all agree . 
  and we could talk about the air force air refueler `` deal '' ... 
  illegal state aid ? 
  what the hell is that ? 
  edit : i 'm always astonished by the downvotes when asking a legitimate question ... 
  thanks reddit , you always deliver . 
  til . 
  which coat of arm you relate to ? 
  i found several of them ( like any other country ) . 
  and france . 
  wait , you are welsh and you did n't put yourselves in the dragons ? 
  well , more than half of it does n't obviously . 
  we are on the verge of being kicked out or getting lifetime membership . 
  what a time to be alive ... 
  but the original recipe is doing an interesting come back !, 
  belgium cracked me up, 
  `` only paris is worthy of rome , only rome is worthy of paris . '', 
  i beg to differ !, 
  i was there in 2004 !, 
  weirdest school trip ever , 
  oh come on , the feel of being utterly ridiculous is funny . 
  or we share more humor trait with germans than i though . 
  god ... 
  anyway ... 
  hm , considering that germans jump into the job market usually later than frenchs , i do n't see the point of those charts . 
  they take in general more years to achieve the same degree , because of how their education system is designed . 
  not sure about the other countries on the same level though . 
  the figure about unemployment are fair . 
  but mixing it with study status is skewing it . 
  imo , we did well since 1945 . 
  i welcome the initiative , i just do n't see what outcome could really come from this . 
  no to foreign occupation but yes to putin . 
  logic i haz it !, 
  and you can spice up this mayonnaise with a shitload of stuff . 
  now i 'm hungry for fries ... 
  an f16 and striker but no love for homebred herstal product ? 
  i have to admit , i 'm sightly disappointed . 
  happy birthday guys !, 
  oh not again . 
  for the last time : we do n't care . 
   i 'm sure french polynesia has at least a couple of boats to spare . 
  and some of the navy 's boats can act as coast guard . 
   the first coast guard boat in french polynesia was launched in 1993 . 
  it sunk a few years ago . 
  french sea is as large as europe and can not be controlled by a single ship . 
  man i love you so much for this . 
  i mean the equations were fairly simple . 
  putting them in application was a nightmare . 
  this name still gives me shivers . 
  i hated my electromagnetic physics courses ... 
  i want sources on this bold statement !, 
  hahaha same here mate !, 
  oh yeah definitely , i totally meant that . 
  he is clever in his retardness . 
  either there is a subtle difference i do n't get , or i 'm not sure where you want to go with that . 
  sorry mate : , 
  opposed to what , common sense ? 
   religious conservatives are not a majority in turkey , thankfully . 
   yet . 
  with education measures , wait for a generation , and you 'll have a majority of nuts . 
  erdogan is at least brilliant in this . 
  he knows how to drive his people . 
  the ireland one is savage ... 
  i actually like ours ... 
  wait a minute !, 
  good job guys !, 
  props to berlin for their fantastic effort . 
  tremendous criminality . 
  it will be perfect . 
  great criminal . 
  huuuuge pile of coke . 
  do n't worry , even as a frenchman i did n't get it ... 
  [ the moment i will always remember ] ( http://www.cvce.eu/content/publication/2009/8/19/2f9050c7-d5cb-4899-9bb2-e1e05bb9cb26/publishable.jpg ) even if i was n't born at this time . 
  compensate what exactly ? 
  organized robery ? 
  i 'm really a pro-europe almost a federalist , but this has to stop . 
  this is really fair . 
  but they are no less dangerous . 
  mate , great summary of the situation , props to you !, 
  because he is a dangerous populist and love to use anything to show his `` superiority '' . 
  but since he is an extreme leftist , he does n't suffer form the same critics as his opponent from the other side . 
   seriously people voted for him ?
