  can anybody explain me why ? 
  is it forbidden to discuss languages here , in a sub about ** europe ** ? 
  stop this ridiculous nonsense . 
  committed by whom ? 
  i would be really shocked as well if a waiter could n't speak french . 
  just wait for the winter , the problem will be solved by itself . 
  you , i like your style . 
  have a cookie . 
  sounds like the minimum every nation should require . 
  so the article op linked is n't true ? 
  are you denying that your islamist government is bringing laws from another millennium ? 
  are you denying that your retarded government is actively supporting an islamist fundamentalist group that is a danger to any kind of human being ? 
  both isis and the islamic front are islamist fundamentalist . 
  we should n't support any of them in any way . 
  i do n't want to end up with another saudi 's puppet state in a few years . 
  hell even iran sounds more reasonable than this clusterfuck, 
  they are not arming every rebels , only the islamic front this is very different when the pkk is mainly threatened by them . 
  on top of that the islamic front is as bad as isis and i have huge problem with a nato member arming an enemy of nato . 
  okay , genocide might not apply but how do you call arming islamist fundamentalist to fight against a very specific subset of your own population ? 
  i think you can include france and the uk in there . 
  i got what you mean , do n't worry , 
  i mean it . 
  as i was saying , i do believe there is a fare share of retarded people who voted for this fucktard . 
  but i know quite a few very decent turks and needless to say they do n't approve any decision taken so far . 
  except that a search warrant is mandatory no matter what . 
  in france , you can bypass the judge approval for different reason . 
  on top of that you do n't delegate the search to the police officers ( which is the purpose of the warrant ) , the judiciary police is doing it . 
  with allies in proxy ? 
  it keeps your hand clean i admit . 
  but would it be a problem if a jew was amongst them ? 
  i agree on that as well , but trust met , they can try to do that ... 
  they will face the consequences . 
  you know revolution and stuff . 
  the saudis also deserve some gift for christmas . 
  their totalitarian regime supported by our nations is completely sickening . 
  at least with isis things are n't ambiguous , the saudis regime deserves a far worse treatment than what we accepted to do to the syrian one . 
  for the uae though , it 's a trickier question . 
  when you are looking at the amount of super dumb fuck islamist team-up out there , it 's silly to focus only on isis . 
  al nusra , the islamic front , isis and countless others , they all deserve their fare share of bomb in their face . 
  sealand . 
   considering that we have open borders , no we do n't , schengen force every country to make control on people coming from abroad . 
  removing their passport would forbid them to enter the schengen area , therefore in france as well . 
   france still has some overseas territories quite a few , but none for those fucker . 
  they do n't even worth antartica , this is penguin territory . 
  i prefer to send them on a summer holiday in russia . 
   search warrants this does n't exist in france ( they actually mostly exist in the american/canadian law system ) . 
  they have to be approved by a judge but there are exceptions , like if the criminal was caught on the act . 
  they are conducted ( in general ) by a special division of the police `` police judiciaire '' . 
  if there is ground to any illegal activity , i 'm all for proceeding . 
  we have been lenient for way too long , this is a good way to remind the criminal that our legal system can still stand its ground . 
  fucking shit islamist government elected by a majority of retarded people . 
  i refuse to put all turks on the same basket . 
  better directly support the islamist front ( aka the other isis ) on their dirty genocide of the kurds . 
  you mean isis ? 
  edit : south park guys -_-, 
  `` everything is doing fine '' `` we are a democracy '' `` we are not an islamist country '', 
  i 'm curious about what you are refering to . 
   `` furthermore , the unacceptable treatment of migrants by hungarian authorities leads one to fear that such action spreads to other member states where democratic culture is recent and fragile '' what the fuck ? 
  are n't they understanding that it 's their moronic policy that push hungaria to this ? 
  and everything considered , what are they qualifying by `` unacceptable treatment '' , standing your ground ? 
  respecting shengen convention by protecting the external borders of the treaty ? 
  those guys are destroying europe , with their `` all people welcome '' policy , not the other way around . 
   as for marseille , it 's different and that does n't count with immigration . 
  that 's `` just '' due to it being a mafia city ( our chicago ) and a different social problem . 
  bank transfert wagon attacks , drug money and casino funds embezzlment definitely are very different than waves of badly integrated immigrants . 
  * cough * russianmafia * cough *, 
  seriously ? 
  trust me ( and the other guys on the sub as far as i can see ) , there is no belgium bashing whatsoever . 
  we are in the same fucking about and i have no idea what the captain and the xo are doing while fucking around . 
  this is kinda gratuitous and sickening . 
  i have n't seen any criticism toward belgium regarding the attacks . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , this guy is just bashing our face to join his own circlejerk . 
  i think she is now guaranteed to be on the 2nd run , but will ultimately lose ( i.e. 
  not president but sole runner-up ) . 
  pretty much like her father . 
  how can you be so stubborn ? 
  denying the reality is extremely unhealthy on a state level . 
  your edit is masterpiece . 
  thank you for calling out those traitor for what they are . 
  you seem to have a very american oriented view ( in line with your doctrine , i give you that ) . 
  yes turkey could hold it 's ground against an aerial only assault but let 's be honest and compare a full open war . 
  you have n't even mentioned their navy , composed mainly of retired ships from other nations and aging diesel subs . 
  while the russian navy is still one of the few blue water navy , with decent support from the northern fleet , the black sea fleet could quickly damage some strategic location of the turkish air force . 
  now , even as a direct encounter , you seem to highly disregard the russian air force for a reason beyond my understanding . 
  they have experience , technology ( yes their bvr missiles are effective ) and probably the best close range ir missile ever made . 
  their air supremacy fighters are arguably the best dog fighter around here . 
  their cas are operations have been very effective lately ( georgia , syria ... ) and i do n't think it should be taken lightly either . 
  now when it comes to the ground force , both sides have quite a vast arsenal of armed vehicles , but one is fairly disadvantage in terms of technology . 
  i let you make a simple comparison between their mbts . 
  in terms of experience , the turkish army as a whole is far from a model , while all corps of russia have been involved in numerous conflicts since wwii . 
  i agree , the main challenge would be the logistic and projection ( which has always been a challenge for decades for them ) , but stating that there is no way russia can do any arm to turkey is a bit silly . 
  and we are not even talking about any nuclear weapon ( do n't start me on the patriot ) . 
  why is field hockey more regular than ice hockey ? 
  but which one ? 
  i tought it would be the first , 
  maybe 4th . 
   in the netherlands , a cartoonist was arrested because he insulted god/islam . 
   what the fuck ? 
  do you have more detail on that ? 
  i guess i spend too much time on / r/polandball where jokes never get old .
