  fuck them , 
  do n't we want a deflation ? 
  edit : wow okay guys , it was a very naive question . 
  i 'm not an economist . 
   next year we might get to build a second frankfurt !, 
  will they get their own ecb tower ? 
  i 'm starting to be a bit jealous now ... 
  well , as a frenchman , i feel quite okay to say that . 
  i 'm not bonded to any `` self-inflicted moral '' . 
  we have all been victim of nazism , you guys included . 
  using this argument to debate about nowadays topics is an over simplification and a huge demonstration of the lack of culture and simple decency from the journalist . 
  those analogies are high-school level thoughts . 
  and as a foreigner who is n't living in germany , i can tell you , your image is nowhere close to what you ( apparently ) think it is . 
  once again , which responsibility ? 
  why do my german friends and colleagues have to do with nazism ? 
  nothing . 
  i do n't think they are responsible for any of that shit , and they should n't feel responsible either . 
  better keep our efforts in building the future of europe rather than dealing with the acts of our fathers . 
  call me an optimistic , but we finally manage to build something together , something that i like . 
  and i do n't want my brothers being slowed-down by things of the past . 
  you are way too hard with yourself , and also kinda narcissistic . 
  no , you are n't that special  in the shitstorm we are currently facing , you are reacting like any other european nations . 
  it should n't be used as a reference for each and every action germans are doing . 
  it 's a very simplistic view of the country and its population . 
  i hate those simple views . 
  my rage is more headed toward the journalist rather than your own self-image definition . 
  it would be like judging current american generation 's behavior ( e.g. 
  iraqi war ) based on their previous history with native americans.the world is a more complex place . 
  on my very personal experience , young germans do n't give shit about those events . 
  and they are fucking right about it , they should n't have this burden on their shoulders . 
  but why the hell referring it to nazism ? 
  enough with that . 
  i 'm not denying the events . 
  there is also resentment against refugees in france , spain , italy , the uk etc. 
  but hell , nazism did n't invent xenophobia . 
  does this mean we can have spa ? 
  i 'm in . 
   the attacks , often erupting from local protests against the shelters before refugees arrive , have tarnished the image of a country that has done so much to atone for its nazi past . 
  they have also caused tensions as many germans support the refugees . 
  this was n't necessary and is actually the perfect demonstration of the godwin 's law . 
  i do n't fucking see the correlation . 
  i 'm actually sad about the franco-british relationship , i thought we had ourselves in better esteem ( rivalry does n't mean we ca n't be friends ) . 
  but our relationships with the germans are good . 
  which is a good thing imo . 
  i laugh uncontrollably at the attitude of greeks toward germans . 
  oh , do n't worry , the evil pirates are the worst piece of cum in humanity . 
  really relevant , we could add 1984 in the list ... 
  bad kitty !, 
   you just write to them and they review the correspondence they get . 
  simple ( and i hope efficient ) , i like it . 
   odd how i 'm being downvoted . 
   sad this sub has become a big anti-uk circlejerk . 
  get downvoted for pointing out the uk is n't a dictatorship and this process is exactly the opposite of that . 
  lol . 
  maybe because it 's how you focused on a silly comment of a stupid frenchy , rather than the actual point of the discussion . 
  that has not so much to do with any anti-uk circlejerk anyway , i love this tool , and i would love to have it in my country as well ... how does it proceed , you are having a referendum of some sort ? 
  or is it something a bit more detailed , like you put your thought on a website ? 
  edit : oh , and fyi , i did n't downvoted you , even if i was pissed at first . 
  i really prefer this kind of answer mate  anyway , this kind of consultation is really not-familiar to me . 
  is it something part of regular law submission process in the uk ? 
  focusing on what matters . 
  okay , maybe it was a bit of an overstatement ... 
  but you have to admit that considering online piracy as a more serious crime than child molestation or armed robbery sounds also extreme . 
  sounds pretty much like a dictatorship to me . 
  is it me or lobbies are getting too powerful over there ? 
  sounds like a great experience !, 
  but they literally smell like shit ? 
  well , you have to admit that malta has a way more confortable weather . 
  because this is the most selfish act any people from any nation can make . 
  if we push this kind of mindset and encourage it , why not declare paris independent ? 
  why not frankfurt , munich , london , milan ? 
  all of those cities have their cultural heritage and would be economically extremely viable . 
  easy to push this sick behaviour to the limit . 
  it 's the same with belgium and flandre , easy to want independence when you have the only sea access to the sea . 
  hence a geographical and economical extremely important advantage . 
  i 'm encouraging union , and europe as a whole . 
  i 'm more than ready to have a centralised government in the eu to put all of our efforts together and still be relevant on the international scale . 
  if we have to continue to throw money on our less lucky brothers , so be it !, 
  independence on a country level has the same impact of having germany and france separating from the eu `` to leave peacefully as one nation with the right for self determination blahblahblah '' . 
  those people have no long term thinking whatsoever . 
  born and raised in the best duchy !, 
  it is also part of the french curriculum ( obviously ) but i was n't sure about its european , even less international , renown . 
  correct !, 
  i was thinking about putting something about the song of roland , but it is less famous . 
  haha fook off , this chair is mine . 
  me and my 700 ships disagree . 
  french revolution ? 
  pasteur discovering rabbies ' virus and its vaccine ? 
  100 years war ? 
  attila ? 
  basically switzerland during every war ? 
  black death ? 
   because them daring to give the middle finger to ~ ~ spain ~ ~ all europe . 
  ftfy, 
   would there be any resentment from the rest of spain ? 
  there would also be resentment from the rest of europe , do n't forget that . 
  i 'm all with you , really i support spain and its people with all my heart , but not those fucktards . 
  i 'm just tired of them , this independent bullshit is something i ca n't stand anymore and i really want to see them in front of their own stupidity . 
  they can go to hell , they just have to reimburse every euro they owe to the eu and spain and finally go to hell . 
  demonstrate the average independentist mind ...
