  and i 'm not talking only about the technical impact , but the real impact on security for the nation and the people . 
  i have the bigger picture , he certainly does n't . 
  debates should be leaded by subject matter expert and eventually supported by lawyers . 
  not the other way around . 
  one other thing is bothering me , why you would pick up scientist over engineers ? 
  it 's basically the same kind of mindset who specialized on different topics and solving different issues . 
  i agree with you , you have a a great cause to defend ... 
  but what do you suggest ? 
  if we are investing so much effort in `` helping '' those people temporary by giving them shelter , what are the next steps ? 
  we do n't have to job to offer , we do n't have the money to support them . 
  not anymore . 
  if we do n't have long term goal or strategy for them , this situation is only leading us to ghettos and rise of criminality due to poverty . 
  moreover , if we continue to help them on the long term , what will you tell to the 75 % of youth that ca n't find a job in spain ? 
  they have no money either , why europe as a whole should n't help them either ? 
  what will you tell to the million of people that ca n't find a source of income in your own country ? 
  ** we already do n't know how to solve this issue . 
  ** we have to first deal with our own problem and help our own people before thinking about anything else . 
  while i agree with you , his religion should n't be the topic of the debate . 
  what we should discuss is more about his skills and whether he can do the job properly or not . 
  i think he is n't , just like we have total asses in our government on position they do n't deserve . 
  too many lawyer and `` politicians by education '' in this game , not enough engineers , scientists or high level technicians ... 
  humans that ca n't even deal with their own poverty . 
  i do n't know if you are following the news , but we ca n't find jobs to our own people . 
  how are we suppose to handle that ? 
  assisting them and throwing money at them until the end of their days ? 
   i 'd just like to say that it 's not because we or anyone else had colonial possessions in africa that we 're morally bound to accept millions of african refugees for eternity . 
  they wanted out , we wanted out , and they got their independence and had the opportunity for over 50 years to build the country they liked . 
  we 're sorry for some things , they 're angry for some things , they 're thankful for some things ... etc. 
  i 'm tired of this stupid argument . 
  they wanted us out , we do n't owe them shit . 
  we could also ask italy reparation for the harm done to the gaulish culture or england for the 100 year war or germany for wwi & wwii ... what is done is done , now it 's over . 
  in our current situation we should just stick together and get the hell out of the crisis europe is facing . 
  a couple of morons do n't speak for us all . 
  we are growing closer together keep faith in us , 
  `` the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter . '', 
  churchill summed it up pretty greatly , 
  i strongly disagree , europe reached his goal by having the longest period of peace between its member in history . 
  we were master , not anymore , and it 's the right thing . 
  it 's the only reaction i get when i want to back-up a bro ? 
  i just laughed so hard on that assertion . 
  are they really serious ? 
  come at us faggots ... 
  either way ... congratulation ... 
  hm you got me completely wrong , i lived in paris for years and i know very well how far this problem has gone . 
  i agree with you , it 's just that it 's not that simple !, 
  it must be too cold for them up there . 
  please come visit paris for a couple of days and watch . 
   i do n't understand why france does n't crack down on them as hard as possible . 
  because all international assemblies and all journalists will raise their pitchfork and the racism card ? 
  oh please tell me more ... 
  i agree with you on this one , i was n't really factual on this very specific point . 
  the rest state as fact that really happened though !, 
  well , i imagine it 's more a political difference here . 
  i have difficulties with unqualified people in the government . 
  edit : guys , she is really not qualified , she has no degree whatsoever related to justice . 
  would you love to have a surgeon with an electrical engineer degree ? 
  [ i think i summarized it pretty well here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3953eq/from_le_petit_journal_a_comparison_of_hollande/cs0jho4 ) but overall , it 's not only about his political line ( which is not mine i admit ) but more about his failure in representing our nation . 
  the main thing you have to understand is this : people voted against sarkozy , not for him . 
  this is the start of a sick mandate , where the people are not in line with their leaders . 
  it 's perfectly illustrated by the `` regional '' election where historically left regions switched to the right side just because they feel that the government is not anymore in its place and is inefficient . 
  if you add to that constant faux-pas in his communication and actions , it makes him the worst president we ever had . 
  we could also talk about all the mistakes in his government choice ( ffs cahuzac , cecile duflot and taubira are the worst ) , or the false humility he constantly has ( stop taking the train or your scooter you moron you are the fucking president ) . 
  foreigners can have difficulties to understand all the hatred , i get that . 
  especially because they pay attention to things we do n't give shit about . 
  for instance , his affair with julie gayet : nobody cares !, 
  people were more concerned that he was travelling by himself without body guards and on his scooter in paris to see his bedfellow ... 
  i have to admit he had a couple of good moves , like the same-sex marriage or the mali intervention , but it does n't balance everything against him . 
  edit : downvote if you want , i was factual here . 
  the socialists are doomed and it 's thanks to him . 
  but i ca n't . 
  this guy ... with all due respect , i despise him too much to find anything related to his political life `` awesome '' . 
  julie was a fantastic hit though ... 
  this is the worst ... and they had to pick up one of the toughest to pronounce for them . 
   would n't you use the verb toucher ( of which the simple past tense is touch\u00e9 ) in the sense of `` to touch '' or `` to hit '' ? 
  like `` tu m ` as touch\u00e9 '' ( you have touched me ) ? 
  definitely , it 's also used ( like in english ) to tell that you have been `` affected '' by something ( i.e. 
  feelings ) . 
   iirc the english use of the word derived from fencing ( a sword game ) where when the opponent strikes you , you say `` touch '' and then the person gets a point . 
  it get adopted into the wider english vocabulary because people starting using this bit of fencing terminology for arguments because people see arguments as a form of intellectual sword play , where you try and score points ( or touches ) on the ` opponent ' . 
  correct as well , but you have to admit it 's exactly the same sense . 
  it was during the elections , not during his mandate . 
  ( still utterly ridiculous ) . 
  well in some ways i ran all the possible sense with or without commas and understood why it would be important . 
  but you are right on this case . 
  french has been the language of the english nobility for centuries . 
  german did n't have such strong influence in the culture ( it was more about building modern english ) . 
  holy crap !, 
  she has a great accent , i 'm really amazed !, 
  i 'm not saying that because it 's mlp , i just wonder if we should observe their custom while there . 
  i do n't know if it was the correct or the wrong thing to do . 
  i 'm confused now ... 
  i do n't deny it , i 'm actually not even surprised , i simply never heard them . 
  i think i 've just understood the point of the oxford comma ... 
   godamnit , the queen of england speaks perfect french wut ? 
  really ? 
  never heard her speak a single word . 
   and if we do n't take europe as an example , let 's take the much more recent ( not 50 years ago ) terror of the catholic church in sout america and africa . 
  `` convert or die '' . 
  never heard about this one , i 'll search about it . 
   there should be no religious outings in public life .
