  mama merkel ? 
  well it would be quite not convenient to end up a hard work day with 2 tons of potatoes . 
  oooooohhhh, 
  fuck the german government , damages are already done . 
  it 's too late now . 
   instead , how about we take the money from the richer people and use that for the refugees . 
  yeah , let 's fuck the system , after all , total strangers are completely entitle with the money of other people . 
  we should also take the swiss money , because fuck it why not . 
  let 's invade the country and steal their money . 
  this will only bring chaos to our continent . 
  it 's a matter of context , if they are shooting this while literally attacking a border , it 's definitely an aggressive move . 
  and nevertheless , people have the right to see that to make their own opinion . 
  is n't it also the most read newspaper in germany ? 
  it 's not an isolated behavior when every taxi client has experienced it once in his life . 
  and no uber is n't breaking the law , it my be ethically questionable but it does n't break the law . 
  sorry , i was focusing on the french model . 
  i 'm sure there is a lot of abuse in other countries . 
   uber does not because of a loophole , possibly being illegal so the taxi drivers have all the right to complain . 
  because of this . 
  can we also talk about all not declared income from taxis by forcing their passenger to pay them in cash ? 
  at least , uber has to declare everything , and pay taxes because of it . 
  the ~ ~ vocal ~ ~ violent minority ... 
  what a lovely bunch of chaps , ca n't wait to see then integrated in our fantastic society that do n't know what to do with all those jobs and money . 
  do n't worry , they are only giving more fuel to the far right wings . 
  it will be either that or a more catastrophic outcome . 
  you forgot the \u2122, 
  i think in the eyes of the majority of people , they are doing the right thing . 
  fuck our medias and politicians . 
  if they would be anywhere for safety , they would have stopped at the first safe country . 
  but apparently , romania and turkey are n't safe enough ... 
  but the peaceful refugees \u2122 coming here `` temporary '' fleeing violence ... 
  it should be , the taxi regulation have been tightened up by taxis themselves in quite a bunch of countries in europe . 
  for instance , in france , the taxi lobbies have pushed for a limited supply of `` medaillons '' ( we call them license ) in the past . 
  increasing the price of the said license for every retiring generation of taxi to the new one . 
  slowly it became the situation we are now , a license is worth several hundreds of thousand euros and it 's going out of control . 
  on top of that , taxis have taken advantage of the situation , and especially the lack of competitors , to act like complete dicks and making the service completely shitty ( astronomical prices , rude and dishonest drivers , not declaring all their income , etc. ) . 
  so yes , it will be like that , but the taxis are just fighting to keep their shitty monopoly on the market to keep delivering an awful service . 
  i despise taxi drivers , not refugees . 
  that being said , i still firmly believe we are digging our own grave when handling the situation like this . 
  almost refreshing in this refugee crisis ... 
  but ... 
  the peaceful refugees who are fleeing war and oppression ... 
  well , i think a huge bunch ( the majority ? ), 
  of people are on this side . 
  do n't project our politicians view on us . 
  especially this one . 
  do n't forget our fucktard president who timidly support it . 
  yes , but there was nothing comparable at the moment of this immigration flux on a western country . 
  so , sorry , but your point is irrelevant . 
   lets not forget that also many young people ca n't afford their first home . 
  yet people will receive some form of housing for free . 
  well , have a look ... everywhere in europe . 
  it 's exactly the same . 
  you should n't spare too much expense in defense . 
  especially in surveillance drone . 
   after all , it was the first time massive wave of immigration from a completely different culture happened in our society . 
  and here is the reason . 
  who could have guess that this immigration would backfire 2 generations later ? 
  it was the first time that this happened in the modern french history , nobody could have imagine that . 
  but i do n't see what this brings to the discussion . 
  of course , a huge bunch of soldiers are n't really keen to go in the syria mess , but it 's completely irrelevant . 
  i can also say , the majority of french people like to eat cheese . 
  i 've made a decisive comment ... 
  did i say it was the same ? 
  i 'm blaming the traffickers , not the refugees . 
  what a lovely culture . 
   well we have a lot of successful people of maghrebi descent , all the way from edith piaf to tahar rahim . 
  if that is n't integration then i do n't know what is . 
  read my post , this is exactly what i 'm saying . 
   besides , the ones who do n't want to integrate should have left france when they could . 
  the thing is , you ca n't send back people who are causing problem and born here . 
  their parents/grand parents did not necessarily agree with them . 
   and yes , the banlieues are still a problem , but again it 's just like america where there 's still problems in the black communities across america despite the election of a black president and the dominance of african americans in business and entertainments . 
  reforming the banlieues requires the same reforms that are needed to fix american `` ghettos '' , which will never happen for some reasons . 
  agree , and it 's not my point . 
  i just do n't want to see the same result in 2 , 3 generations with some complete retards deciding to blow themselves up in my country for defending values they do n't get . 
  same here ... 
  cheers , 
  hm , in some way i disagree with that . 
  we are suffering the consequences of a previous government . 
  their decisions , and how they handled the previous immigration caused that situation . 
  my point was , yes they have to adapt , of course , but if we were giving less freedom to behavior that are going against the most basic human rights , things would have been better . 
  laxism led us here . 
   i think some left-wingers are making the terrible mistake in assuming every left-leaning person is a bleeding heart social activist like them . 
  spot on . 
  give it some time ... 
  now that i think of it , it could be a good opportunity for some war criminal ( and other kinds ) to sneak up legally in europe with a clean record . 
  iraq v2 .0 & isis v2 .0, 
  sorry but what 's your point ? 
   ( all religions condone this so it is n't exclusive to islam though ) . 
  sorry to be pedantic , but this is n't true . 
  i agree with most of your points though . 
   we 've succeeded in integrating armenians and maghrebis into french society , and we hope to do the same with syrians . 
  armenian yes , maghrebe-is it 's a relative success . 
  i would n't say it 's a failure and join the fn 's but-hurt , but we still failed in some ways here . 
  the banlieues might have been a mistake , but it could n't be really forecast . 
  after all , it was the first time massive wave of immigration from a completely different culture happened in our society . 
  a lot of those descendant are now fully integrated , i would n't say the majority , but surely a big part of them . 
  but , ( and i feel somewhat sorry to say that , but it 's a problem ) some , less integrated 3rd and 4th generations are causing problems now . 
  i do n't say they are to blame or we are to blame , but something went clearly wrong in our approach and we should think about not doing the same mistakes again .
