   what about isis-trained nationals returning home ? 
  seriously ? 
  life time prison , or execution . 
  i 'm a serious opponent to death penalty , but this is a case of high treason . 
  those guys are fighting for an enemy force which claimed 100s of death in europe . 
  they have ** no rights ** to come back . 
  so leaving room for traveling by car ... really guys ? 
  when i worked and lived in luxembourg i was crossing 8 frontiers a month on average . 
  including after the charlie hebdo attacks ( when the chase was happening ) . 
  how many time was i controlled ? 
  none . 
  terrorists are a lot of things , but usually not stupid . 
  i do n't say it 's a bad idea , but we removed all infrastructure for mandatory check ( which is a good thing ) , do n't expect this to have any result but for money loss . 
  unfortunately , you ca n't reason that level of stupidity . 
  not with facts . 
  they will fabricate all kind of shit to support their own rhetoric and just call you an oppressor . 
  what ? 
  you guys also have issues with stupid independentism ? 
  i guess an economical crisis help all kind of retards to rise ... 
  facing the ocean ... [ with no obstacles ... ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/jusmzwawuxc/hqdefault.jpg ), 
  oh god , i just had a kiterection . 
  this spot looks like paradise ... 
  we all have our fair share of bad things we are remembered for . 
  remember vichy ? 
  oh yeah i almost forget about those romanian terrorists ... what year was it already ? 
  the human being is naturally attracted to what is rare . 
  so it makes sense both ways , 
  i 'm pretty sure they would be ok with having the burger king in their region as well ... 
  i call that a 0 sum game . 
  i forgot that one ... 
  you misspelled france . 
  have you actually drove there ? 
  the asphalt is unbearable . 
  oh god , was that german humour ? 
  i 'm baffled , i actually laughed at one of your joke !, 
  the place to be : delirium bar . 
  the delicassies : orval , westmalle , rochefort , la trappe , westvleteren , chimaaaaay !, 
  the hangover express : la chouffe . 
  the hangover cure : mitraillette . 
  those motherfucking cops right before the exit to go through the ardennes to france . 
  every . 
  time . 
  nice cashier at the carrefour ( i think ? ), 
  on the route de sedan though . 
  oh , and mandatory marc dutroux !, 
  really nice , love the final sketches !, 
  wow , i have no talent for arts , care to share ? 
  i spent some time on the side of the track as well , never dared ( or was allowed ) to drive there myself :(, 
  precisely my point !, 
  oh yes i am !, 
  i know , i just do n't like the logic , `` name a group of people '' =  `` that 's racist '' . 
  a lot more . 
  i really depends what 's your goal !, 
  food/wine combo : pretty much anywhere , but i would favor the south western part of the country ( dordogne , p\u00e9rigord , bordeaux etc. ) . 
  wine specifically : bordeaux , c\u00f4te du rh\u00f4ne ( vaucluse in general ) , bourgogne - but this one is less tourism trendy . 
  cheap place to visit and have a nice cultural immersion : brittany coast ( specifically morbihan ) , north of france , normandy in general , and alsace . 
  for motorsport , unfortunately le mans is the only place to be . 
  magny court is dying , and f1 wo n't be back before 2018 in paul ricard ( not the greatest track ever ) . 
  you also have 2 wrc stages - monte carlo and corsica ( but hell of expensive ) . 
  you also have formulee in paris , but it 's packed and hard to be there . 
  if you are into watersports ( surfing , kitesurfing , sailing , windsurfing etc. ), 
  brittany and basque country !, 
  ( awesome cheese and ham btw ) . 
  if you want only sunbathing and lay on a beach during summer , anywhere on the mediterranean coast . 
  but i really dislike the place in general . 
  too many tourists , too expensive , and people can be quite awful . 
  we have pretty much anything to offer for holidays , it only depends what you are looking for !, 
  this is exactly the kind of insight i like !, 
  thanks for the honesty !, 
  sorry but i do n't get your analogy , you want to let people deal with the problem ? 
  how could that possibly go wrong ... we are in a modern society , the state owe protection to its people , regardless of their gender , origin , or belief . 
  so you advocate for sexual assault on new year 's eve ? 
  good to know . 
  yeah , precisely why the flag of the 1st empire was the moor 's head . 
  north african is racist now ? 
  oh god , where this will stop . 
  i think the majority of people thinking this , prefer to shut their mouth . 
  only the minority is very vocal . 
  just some bullshit argument coming from non-french people . 
  as ridiculous as saying that guillaume le conqu\u00e9rant was n't french . 
  i 'm a 3rd generation from my father 's side . 
  that has n't much to do with where you come from , but more with how you live the moment . 
  i have a major issue with people saying that charlie hebdo attacks where `` justified '' , or they are ok with it because of some drawings . 
  some cults need a massive reform in the country , no matter what pc people say . 
  france has a particular relationship with secularism , and i want people to stick with this ( even if this can disturb some americans ) . 
  and once again , this has nothing to do with your skin color or your origins . 
  so let me get this straight , it 's not appropriate to call someone or a group by where they come from , but it 's ok to let dozen of women being assaulted during new years eve . 
  all that for the sake of political correctness ? 
  anything fancy to visit/taste there ? 
  should i stay away from pubs there ( or the whole city ) considering that i 'm french ? 
  you should have double czech before posting my friend . 
  ( damnit it 's impossible to find a pun with brno or ostrava ) . 
  anyhow , i tried to make a joke based on current event , nothing more . 
  this is good to hear  the only thing i knew about the czech state of mind before this thread is that you are cool guys that enjoy life and partying . 
  i was a bit credulous i think !, 
  i know !, 
  i tried to answer with a pun as well !, 
  you did n't get it :(, 
  it 's hard to put my own personal view aside . 
  it 's even harder to get the true feeling of something that is deemed illegal/not pc .
