  but i 'll give it a shot : - people in general do n't directly associate terrorism with immigration . 
  it 's an facilitator but not a root cause . 
  most of the terrorists were french/european anyhow . 
  if they do , they are retards , and not enough to be a serious issue . 
  that said , there are more and more people that want to have bigger pressure on some cults . 
  i do n't think anyone can blame them , but that has nothing to do with immigration . 
  - economically , they ( including myself ) find it hard to believe that we can afford that . 
  yes , by playing big numbers , you can advocate that it is n't much . 
  but we have no job , and no resources to spare at the moment . 
  our country is still in big trouble and we have to get our shit together before handling the one of others . 
  - we also have some kind of identity crisis at the moment . 
  there is a big split between people that want to go back to the `` french root '' , and the ones that are saying our country is what it is due to immigration . 
  the first one is largely silent , and the election will show the real state of mind of the people . 
  i 'm a bit split here , some things are pissing me off from both sides . 
  so all in all , it 's a touchy topic , and you ca n't say that there is one voice speaking for everyone . 
  so ... [ cologne 's police force is racist ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38488854 ) ? 
  you mean prahactically the whole country ? 
  this is the thing i want to hear !, 
  to be honest , this thread was a bit of a cold shower on my will of visiting your country . 
  you really have the reputation of the coolest `` eastern '' kid . 
  it 's just weird to discover that a country has an old grievance against you that you never heard of ( and i 'm a history nerd ... ) . 
  anyway , now i 'm looking forward again to have a nice time in praha !, 
  no , please no . 
  this is the only thing i want to hear !, 
  you will lose a lot , you are deluded if you think we will lose anything valuable . 
  if you want to be part of the eu , this is exactly what you are going to do . 
  if you tried this in / r/france , i can tell you that you will have decent answer . 
  at least for paris . 
  nobody in their sane mind can tell you that each and every part of the region is safe . 
  if they do , you can discard their comment and go for the next one . 
  simple as that !, 
   regardless , if you need something similar for paris/luxembourg/tahiti / los angeles/sydney/montreal feel free to poke me . 
   but it 's not like that when you speak with a czech i do n't know , i never spoke with a czech ( and i was actually really looking forward to visit your country before this thread ) . 
  this is kinda frightening to have somebody hating for a reason you ignore . 
  even if you say it 's humour . 
  do n't worry , he wo n't win anything . 
  i hope so . 
  i really do n't get the heat for events nobody lived . 
  we got over both german invasion , and we now love everyone !, 
  i thought it had some reciprocity ... 
  til , czechs hate us . 
  nice . 
   whereas modern france is much more of a continuation of the france before the war . 
  really ? 
  i mean for real ? 
  you believe that shit ? 
  what baffles me is the fact that some people still carry some grievance from a time they did n't know about . 
  i mean , look at the french-german relationship . 
  twice we mutually destroyed our countries , and we just do n't give a damn anymore . 
  i really do n't get this state of mind . 
   and certainly not france finally someone with an inch of common sense . 
  you have no idea how much we would back-up spain ... just for the sake of europe . 
  it 's a lost battle . 
  they are gigantic hypocrite ... 
  ding ding ding , same thing with europe . 
  catalonia will do the same thing if they want to join the eu . 
  and do n't forget the rest of europe . 
  absolutely no empathy for those cry babies . 
   see a year ago and three years ago . 
   redundancy is excessive . 
   excessive  ** excessive ** dude ... 
  murr durr gun control are no solution !, 
  i guess it 's a cultural exception we shall authorize . 
  oh do n't get me wrong citizen , we are all in for a triple ration of beer to everyone !, 
  that is a culture worth exporting in the mainland and our other colonies . 
  double cheese ration for you citizen !, 
  we eradicate everything that is not a baguette . 
  case closed . 
  aix la chapelle rightfully in france . 
  i would n't be against getting munich as well . 
  prepare your ass switzerland , a metric shit-ton of baguette is coming !, 
  to be fair , annexation or colony , at that time it was not that different . 
  you ruined my joke you with your dumb facts :(, 
  you had one : ethiopia . 
  * grabs a leclerc mbt * what ? 
  believe it or not , i 'm genuinely happy with that !, 
  you 've always been a close ally when dealing with tyrany . 
  nothing can send a 90kg over 300m without a counterweight . 
  you do realize that it was mostly humor , right ? 
   qu\u00e9bec 's french is very conservative if you spend a little time there , you will notice how much they rely on anglicisme . 
  way more than we do . 
  yeah it 's been very disturbing . 
  but the good kind of disturbing , the one you can fight . 
  with hate . 
  my family is actually producing champagne ... 
  like it or not champagne is a sparkling wine coming from the champagne region . 
  stop it already . 
  i shall start calling porridge white diarrhea then . 
  you know what oscar wilde said about temptation ... 
  you mean the scotts ? 
  i think there is already plenty of effort to make in english . 
  dutch will come later . 
  ah that poor r\u00e9mi sans amis . 
  one word . 
  sent over 300m ? 
  nobody fucks with southern europe food . 
  war is ugly . 
  i 'm way more than just glad . 
  it really feel like paradise to do a `` tour d'europe '' of cheeses . 
  let 's spread the love of non-pasteurize cheeses .
