  all those tasty cow , sheep and goat cheese . 
  brb , my cheese store is calling me . 
  all jokes aside , interesting reading in perspective . 
  well , somehow a non-pasteurized cheese is living . 
  so technically ... 
  sorry , we actually love our cheeses . 
  in a very platonic way , but still . 
  you really think we stopped at two hundreds ? 
  you innocent child ... 
  keep fighting , you are a true hero of the resistance . 
  yeah you are right , pretty much like calling feta a cheese . 
  i mean you should n't have to keep a cheese watered for all its life . 
  oh you want to go that far ? 
  something you must have stolen from moors , i mean after all , you did n't have a charles martel . 
  there is n't a real medieval catalogne . 
  i can barely imagine the pain bro ... 
  and tell me how you produce vanilla ? 
  you do n't . 
  checkmate . 
  well , there is a baguette feuillet\u00e9e . 
  a delicacy only deserved by true pain au chocolat followers . 
  terroriste . 
  heretic !, 
  nobody expect the french bakers inquisition . 
  but it will come . 
  it will come ... 
  i 'm extremely disturbed by this post . 
  i do n't know if it 's genius or pure evil . 
  either way , keep going , as long as we agree that chocolat \\*\\*\\* is used by terrorists . 
  i 'm starting to like you . 
  like a lot . 
  you mean collabos , right ? 
  the other way around are true heroes though . 
  you said it , it 's retarded . 
  i mean we are talking about english relationship with food . 
  not good bed fellows . 
  pretty much like us with the english language . 
  yeah , except that one is a vulgar word used by terrorists . 
  those south western terrorists just insult the only true pain au chocolat by calling it differently . 
  yeah because everyone is really calling it a crema catalana over the world . 
  oh wait , no they do n't . 
  so you mean the flamish bastardized name of a pain au chocolat ? 
  jokes on you / u/anseriform !, 
  ca n't here you over the sound of those sweet , sweet , champagne bubbles . 
  you know ... the only decent sparkling wine . 
  i said it was serious business . 
  you do n't fuck with anything related to bakery here . 
  especially when the other side is wrong . 
  ca n't hear you over the sound of my jam\u00f3n ib\u00e9rico . 
  as you can see in this map , it does n't exist . 
  tarte flamb\u00e9e is on another chart though . 
  oh that tasty revenge . 
  * hon hon hon *, 
  you mean french right ? 
  as opposed to terrorist ? 
  * triggered *, 
  even that would not be enough to calm down people . 
  korea call that a dmz . 
  yay , but we get along and mix the two of them together . 
  we are in full knowledge that we need each other . 
  those filthy `` chocolat \\*\\*\\* '' though ... 
  how many projectiles did she received every time ? 
  an average estimate would be sufficient . 
  you have no power here !, 
  and what the hell is a couque anyway ? 
  they wo n't hear you , they only talk terrorist . 
   i wonder what is like to live in that yellow/light blue frontier . 
  civil war . 
  i 'm more surprised about anybody using anything else than pain au chocolat . 
  damn heretics . 
  we are truly behind you guys . 
  stay safe tonight and live tomorrow . 
  we must keep going . 
  to anticipate nuclear power plants relocation , duh !, 
  you do realize it 's extremely dangerous to move a plant from one place to the other ? 
  but the vast majority of traveler between europe and australia are ending up in syndey or melbourne anyway . 
  the thing is , it will take you roughly the same amount of time to join sydney/melbourne/canberra ... 
  then let 's agree to disagree . 
  i hate that additional unnecessary stress . 
  maybe you 'll think differently when you 'll miss a plane and will reach your destination the following day ( if you are lucky ) . 
  i 'm a frequent traveler between europe/us/canada . 
  having the border check at pearson ( toronto ) while waiting for your connection to the us is just a whole lot more stressful . 
  you have no way to know how long it will take and if you 'll have enough time to go through that check during your layover . 
  and i can tell you : the us customs/border control does n't give a flying fuck about your connection  i prefer to do everything while i 'm sure there is n't another plane that is waiting for me . 
  and ? 
  what does it changes exactly if you want to do a london-sydney ? 
  you still have to do it at some point . 
  sorry but it does n't answer my question . 
  what 's the point of making a connection in perth rather than dubai , singapore , or hong-kong ? 
  you barely ( if at all ) save time and for the company , you offer way less connection flight with the rest of the world . 
  this is the thing i do n't understand , what 's the point if you still have to make a stop to join the 2 major cities . 
  you can thank ` murica for that . 
  i 'm not sure on how to interpret this map for the eastern part of france . 
  but they celebrate `` saint-nicolas '' , some days before the actual christmas . 
  i 've heard it 's closer to the american santa claus , but i 'm really not convinced . 
  and i do n't care enough to make proper research . 
  happy christmas everyone !, 
  yeah , what a barbaric dialect picking things from 2 true master race languages ... 
  sorry , i was n't talking about you specifically , but the average kid . 
  until the shit actually hit the fan , you fall in a river , a pond , a pool from a boat etc.
