  thank you , 
  was not my intention to be rude , just make a silly joke . 
  but apparently , my sense of humour is just poor and from bad taste . 
  all in good spirit mate . 
  i was n't expecting my crappy sense of humour being so `` popular '' here :(, 
  difference ? 
  litteraly the volume , you do n't have the critical mass of muslim migrant to cause as much problem as in europe . 
  oh and an ocean protecting you from massive , out of control immigration ( hence selection over the muslims coming in north america ) . 
  completely retarded statement , the part of muslim immigrant in north american is insignificant at most . 
  on top of that , it did n't prevent the boston bombing . 
  * than no ? 
  before the downvote , i 'm genuinely asking ... edit : ffs , i 'm not even allowed to ask an english question ? 
  goddamit , it 's not my fucking native language , mistakes of others can be confusing to me . 
  basic human rights ? 
  sounds like enough to me . 
   if french still have pride we do have pride , always had it and will keep having pride . 
  i 'm neither a pro or a anti fn , but this is just the shittiest comment they could do . 
  just commit seppuku and start again with the new heir . 
  just research a new tech and spend some diplomatic and administrative power . 
  they wo n't prevent me to attend any sport event or go to any concert . 
  i was planning to come back definitely in france in january and i refuse to let them win . 
  fuck those guys . 
  it 's not , it was n't an hostage situation , it was a slaughter ( at least in the bataclan ) . 
  my first thought was more about a defective explosive . 
  it would have been worse than everything else if he would have wait for the end of the game . 
  there is a couple of major alley where all the stadium is going through to join the metro or train . 
  i 'm kinda relieved that it did n't happen like this . 
  no , more of a masochist when you end up like this . 
  i could rule over europe with nords without considering feudality a single time . 
  yeah , you are right , a very unpleasant way to pollute our oceans . 
  all those salty tea ? 
  edit : a certain boston party people ? 
  edit 2 : apparently , the brits ca n't into british humour . 
  i do n't see how this is incompatible . 
  you can be really against immigration , but still respect human decency . 
  : myself , i do n't support mass immigration waves we are facing and especially how we handle it ( or rather how are politician are handling it ) . 
  but on the other hand i ca n't support that kind of shitty behavior . 
  maybe we can come to an agreement on some things rosbeef ... 
  ok , tonight i start a new campaign just aimed at crushing every single trace of flamish culture in existence . 
  you triggered it !, 
  so giving people money for life ( on top of being completely immoral ) , is cheaper than encouraging them to stay where they are ? 
  we do n't have job nor future for them , are we going to stay in that situation for ever ? 
  how fair is it for the active population ? 
  do n't make it like they are entitled to more . 
  they are n't entitled to shit . 
  we are already helping them , they will not be of any value for the society , it 's completely artificial to `` inject '' money in the local economy this way . 
  i 'm ok with helping people in need , but at the first sign of them making demands , they can go back to where they come from . 
  let 's see on the long term how it turns out for everyone . 
  and this article show how effective it actually is , 
  discussing semantic about an imaginary concept is a bit silly xd, 
  tourist do n't , neither to they receive shelter or food , hence the idea of `` premium tourists '', 
   when an official says `` the uk 's worse than 1984 '' you kind of get tired of that rubbish . 
  this was a stupid generalization from someone who has n't read the book . 
  i feel pretty comfortable while saying that attacks on my privacy are 1984 methods . 
  hence , making a point on how far we have been in terms of citizens spying . 
  it 's two different way of illustrating a point . 
   the the comparisons are stupid . 
   so you have to stick up and take all books literally to raise criticism against an idea ? 
  ever heard about metaphors ? 
  quotations ? 
  have you ever had philosophy classes ? 
  we do n't need the whole work of someone to illustrate a point . 
  the same applies here , a part of 1984 is about the suppression of the most fundamental privacy , it is appropriate in that argument . 
  we do n't need to literally talk about firemen and burning books to use farheneit 451 while talking about censorhip . 
   well there was the story about porn filters were people seemed to be under the impression porn was banned and the uk would leave the eu to access porn ... what a fountain of knowledge that discussion was . 
  which is not the topic here , thank you . 
   is the uk waking people up in the morning and forcing them to exercise in front of telescreens ? 
   ** somehow ** , not literally . 
  and english is n't my native language . 
   where did i say it did n't exist ? 
  by saying reddit is n't a good source of information precisely on a thread where we are arguing on a very concrete and real threat . 
   i 'm saying a subreddit which constantly draws comparisons to 1984 . 
   which is somehow appropriate to that point , but a very retarded big brother . 
   i was only saying reddit 's not the best place to get informed on this . 
  so you are denying that this law proposal does n't exist ? 
  just telling you that talking about the uk culture while dealing with a world wide technology issue is completely irrelevant . 
  i may be poorly informed on the uk , but dealing with information security regulation and cryptography is my work . 
  i do n't have to know about the uk to know how dumb , unrealistic and dangerous this law is . 
  why are we giving them money on the first place ? 
  is n't giving them food and shelter good enough ? 
  i thought they were war refugees , not fucking premium tourists . 
   immigrants taking your social benefits in your free country i 'm not scared of that , they are not entitled to anything , we are just dealing with the problem the worst way possible . 
  we have no long term plan for those people , we have no job , no money and no future for them . 
  and each and everyone of them believe they are here for good . 
  what are you going to do , create job and an economy out of your arse for those people ? 
  why not starting by helpings the millions of jobless people in europe first ? 
  why not start by helping the homeless in our own country ? 
  i have had enough of europe being always the savior of humanity . 
  he is not the leader we deserve , be the one we need . 
  if you are supporting the idea of eu , you 'll find a couple of them around here , 
  how many are actually from syria and has n't bought a passport for a couple of hundreds dollars ? 
  no seriously , we are having tons of economic migrant joining the same migration flux , and the least in need were the first to arrive . 
  does n't he have the right for self determination ? 
  except that the un refugee charta does n't make afghan , pakistani , algerian , turkish people and so on refugees . 
  ok , let 's make this man president of europe . 
  like , now . 
  you are a bit ridiculous with that kind of statement . 
  barely a querel . 
  we are forever allies , no matter what century , year or weather , 
  and the saxons were mostly spread in denmark , england and a bit of northern germany last i checked ;-),
