  i was n't judging your specific case , it just sounds anachronistic to me . 
  something going against the human rights is a bit disturbing to me , but if it works out to you guys , so be it !, 
  the netherland is a decent country with decent people , it 's completely your business and i respect it . 
  i just find it really fancy , even as a frenchman , 
   marechaussee oh , is that a word in dutch ? 
  really cool !, 
  the simple fact that people are entitled money from taxpayers and huge assets ( from former taxpayers ) because they were born in the right family should be disturbing . 
  if not , you live in the wrong century mate . 
  thank you for the good laugh mate . 
  see people ? 
  this is how you sell weapons , now give this man a beer !, 
  hm , i thought they had a better fate ... 
  what the hell did i just see ? 
  this makes me even sicker . 
  exactly my thought , those guys deserve it , unlike a huge bunch of guys who had it in the past . 
  napoleon would be ashamed . 
  yup , my bad ... 
  you ca n't put active surveillance on 10s of thousands individual . 
  we are lacking of resources to do that . 
  moreover , he was a spanish resident . 
  they already received a medal . 
  even if this is sarcasm , it 's of very bad taste . 
  they already did , 
  yeah , he was ultimately plotting to plant a farm in the middle of paris . 
  those sick bastards . 
  as an honorable mention , i would add the plot of ghost recon . 
  it is extremely similar to the south ossetia conflict of 2008 . 
  well in that specific case it might possibly be the dgse , but usually when it 's related to internal security , the dcri is in charge . 
  it does n't make your point less valid . 
  no kangaroos yet , i 've been really focused on the job so far . 
  still an amazing country !, 
  i guess german would be easier for you , but why not go for the more original one ? 
  ( and fanciest , but do n't tell them that ), 
  well , this was something i did n't know !, 
   i 'm not following parties internal affairs , i `` m more focused on candidates themselves . 
  well , not in the public opinion . 
  maybe in the middle of the socialist party member it was n't obvious , but he was even the favorite candidate of right winged electors . 
  he was the ** only ** decent candidate the socialist party could have . 
  oh okay , i did n't understand the question that way . 
  usually head of parties are perceived as the best candidate for their respective wing . 
  the socialist party has done primaries elections to elect their represent at the last election ( mainly because the best candidate , dsk was runned out ) . 
  in the end it 's not that important where you come from , as long as you have a decent place in your own party . 
  which is fairly stupid . 
  appropriate use of os117 is appropriate . 
  that 's so french of you ... 
  starting my 3rd month in australia , it 's been pretty good so far !, 
  and you op , having a good life ? 
  they are more on the executive part , dealing with local regional affairs , while the mp are full legislative corps . 
  shhh , let them be relevant in the middle of less relevant countries . 
  we are too snobbish to be mixed with that kind of people . 
  or at any sports . 
  trust me , i lived in luxembourg and even with a 500k habitants , you stand a fair chance to be in the national team of pretty much every sports . 
  yes . 
  ok , i have to go there once i go back to europe !, 
  well as a belgium guy , it 's normal that you heard about it , but do n't think it 's the same for the rest of europe ( incl . 
  france ) . 
  oh , was i talking about arab culture ? 
   there are areas in the cities where they wo n't go ( or are advised not to go ) without a police . 
  we had those in france for decades . 
  do n't worry , a happy left or right winged government will hopefully take care of that ... 
  i hope everthing will turn all right for you guys . 
  btw , totally legit and naive question , are you guys impacted by this ? 
  i love finland and the finish but i do n't know if our magnificent immigration flow end-up there . 
  with the mainland being a first buffer zone for you guys . 
  different culture ... 
  to be a bit more northern focused ( unlike the rest of my fellow citizens apparently ) i would add rouen , lille and metz . 
  three great average-sized cities with great people and a lot of cultural places to visit . 
  oh and a decent social life as well !, 
  i love the beer , is there other reason to visit it ? 
  to stop the german , this time . 
  dutch ? 
   bidet which is actually a french word . 
  and is not really accurate , [ this was our flag ] ( http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120716222800/althistory/images/8/86/royalfrenchflag.gif ) . 
  i love to think of it the same way , 
   definitely not , unless you talk about puting your name at the top of your work is n't it part of teaching in some way ? 
  teacher would have it easier if they would remember us by our first name . 
  and people keep using this order in their email address for instance . 
  i only see that from french people . 
  really , because i do n't know if you remember , we are taught in school to always put surname first ... 
  how is that even possible ? 
  i mean , okay maybe people migrated but culture ca n't survive that long . 
  i also always wondered how japanese could be so similar to fins . 
  i love both cultures and always met fantastic fins . 
  we do that in france as well . 
  at least it was used to be the formal way to call people in official documents . 
  care to expand ? 
  i 'm really not aware of this `` fact '' . 
  sooo ... sky news is the british equivalent of fox news ? 
   sadly , nazism is relevant in this conversation . 
  so a couple of graffiti are enough to associate any crime with nazi germany ? 
  if isis would put swastikas everywhere , we should blame the germans then ... 
  sorry but i just can not associate modern day germany and germans with nazism . 
  so for you it 's perfectly fine to say germans = nazis ? 
  sorry but i just ca n't . 
  a couple of graffiti done by kids or morons has not so much to do an extreme political party ruling the country and committing mass murders . 
   you should also not hate the journalist . 
  why that ? 
  but their asset keep losing value ( including housing ) , ( over ) inflation makes also the currency less valuable compared to other . 
  impacting our exportations . 
  maybe i put too much importance on those factors .
