  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_fifa_world_cup_group_d , 
  because nationalism caused millions of death in europe . 
  we just have to understand it 's not the same thing today , and we should be proud of the eu . 
  anglo-saxon heavily supported by german and dutch ... 
  there are still people proud of their nation and what europe has built , 
   europe glory is long gone ... since ~ ~ the euro was put into place ~ ~ waterloo was lost . 
  ftfy, 
  and i 'm just going to leave [ this link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqt37taw9lc ) here . 
  i 'm french , it 's a natural instinct . 
   merely enforce it . 
  they do enforce it , period . 
  and why the hell the police would be responsible for criminality in those areas ? 
  you are very clumsily transposing american problems to france where we have two different sets of issue . 
  is it that bad in poland ? 
  well ... fuck them ? 
  is this really the only way ? 
  with the baby boomer generation coming to their end , i 'm sure we have enough brilliant mind to fix the issue rather than bringing people here and offering job that we do n't have . 
  sort of working . 
  they do also have their extremism problem ( cf last week in sydney ) . 
  but it was n't my point , the first comment hit a nerve with `` the most '' . 
  yes we do have problem , but our constitution is as clear as their . 
  it 's a very special case absolutely unique in france . 
  unique in the world ? 
  hard to believe . 
  so in others , your comment implied the australian constitution was the definitive version of this split . 
  why not use france ? 
  why australia is superior to any other secular nation ? 
  well , it does n't seem ideal to me , but it could be worse . 
  saudi arabia and isis ( if we consider that a state ) being the most despicable example . 
  having a preference for a religion does n't mean there is n't a separation of the church and state . 
  maybe i have a twisted definition , but as long as the church has no affair or power over the law , and the dogme does not influence the regulation there is an actual split . 
  maybe i have a bizarre perspective , but your system does n't surprise me . 
  so there is actually a separation of the church and the state . 
  if the state controls completely the church it has nothing to do with what we had in the past . 
  sounds like a good system to keep the extremism out of those spheres . 
  does n't answer the question , just make our problems worse . 
  really ? 
  til . 
  your tax are still financing the church and they have any form of authority on law ? 
  as long as we are dropping roof in forms of fucking petatonnes of tnt bombs on the face of isis , i 'm happy with that . 
  religions have been far more destructive in europe ( including in modern history ) than in the us . 
  you ca n't compare those two . 
  it 's part of the constitution of many countries and i 'm thankfull it 's applied in most of them . 
  and that 's when the roof fall on your head . 
  and what that has anything to do with europe ? 
  remind me why we need immigrants ? 
  no matter what , separation of church and state is a fucking pillar of our society . 
  what the fuck ? 
  4 , one got bored and went to belgium . 
  sure , but french and german are also the official language . 
  french is so prevalent , that all law text are written in them and all translations are not official . 
  tell that to luxembourgmen :d, 
  ukraine is not our ally by any definition i can find same with georgia . 
  if it was the case , everybody on earth would be allied with everybody as long as you have no active war . 
  having courteous relationship does not mean we have to risk the safety of our own countries to defend them . 
  if you are not part of europe or nato then nothing forces us to defend them , hence the absence of reaction during the ukraine crisis and the south ossetia war . 
  mate , do n't compare nations relationship to human ones . 
  the situation is far more complex than it appears and the russian accepted a unfavorable exit of the previous deal to avoid having france turning its back from it for too long . 
  which ally are you referring to ? 
  ukraine is n't and the recent move of turkey in favor of the islamic front does n't make them close to an ally ( i would be in favor of kicking them out of nato for that ) . 
  2 horribly long year remaining . 
  in all honesty , i think it 's a necessary evil . 
  i prefer having teacher appointed by the gov. 
  rather than a possibly illuminated guy paid by a religious authority . 
  they probably think spain and italy are cities . 
  i mostly rely on two things : - bitte ein bit . 
  shall i pass ? 
  yeah that worked out well for france , the uk and spain ... 
  happy birthday !, 
  and ? 
  regardless of the nuances in the approach , we are both aiming toward the same goal . 
  i only hope that the coalition have learn their mistakes from afghanistan and invest on the experience gathered by france in mali . 
  i 'm saying that we tend to be not open at all when it concerns external communications . 
  i thought it was pretty clear when i said we had different approaches . 
  thank you for admiting it . 
  case closed . 
  your interpretation of the article , and your completely biased view of any comment here . 
  how can you defend people bashing each other for the sake of religion ? 
  we are in europe , not in burma , not in irak , and certainly not in the 16th century . 
   you can exactly say the same to most of the other attacks ( like madrid metro ) . 
  they 're political , too . 
   so islam is a political view as well ? 
  you are going onto a very dangerous way . 
   just like the suicide attackers . 
  except that those are part of an organisation , it makes things completely different . 
  i see you carefully avoided the charlie hebdo guys . 
  what the ... 
  i never said that . 
  i did n't tell them to go fuck themselves , i told those specific animals to go fuck themselves , regardless if they are coming from mars or believing in the giant spaghetti monster . 
  stop creating that kind of bullshit . 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  eta and ira are motivated by political motive , it has nothing to do with religion whatsoever . 
  using those example show how much you know about the topic . 
  breivik has mental disorder . 
  the charlie hebdo killing , the madrid metro attacks and the london bombing were comited by religious fanatics . 
  yup , we live in different europe , but wait , it comes for you as well :d, 
  i do n't see what racism has anything to do with the situation or what i said here . 
   of course there will be some bad eggs , does n't mean the whole basket is bad . 
  remind me why we should ( again ) save the world ? 
  i 'm tired of helping people who would later spit in your face .
