  being hysterical , is not what bother me . 
  his completely nut and stupid arguments is keeping me thinking that independentist are just whiners , who do n't know anything about the world and just like to blame others for their own problems . 
  i sincerely hope you are right in your analysis . 
  i hope you are right , because there is no long term solution for us to handle that system . 
  you really believe that ? 
  http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/09/05/uk-britain-eu-poll-idukkcn0r50x820150905 it 's only the start . 
  i do n't want to be an alarmist , but forcing people to accept refugee is good for no one . 
  this might backfire and it could be brutal for the whole continent . 
  this is what i like to hear  always good to see our fellow sportsman having a good reputation oversea . 
  oh thank you germany , thank you for that . 
  ( our beloved president is also to blame , i admit . ), 
  in france at least , it 's one of the `` major '' team sport . 
  well behind football and rugby , but still has a decent place along handball . 
  france mate , some nba players to make you happy and current title holder . 
  and in the meantime , the most important threat to europe stability . 
  well done guys . 
  peaceful refugee ... 
  they can adapt ... we can offer them job that we do n't have ... 
  enough of that . 
  `` the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter . '', 
  - winston churchill, 
  do n't try to argue with that kind of guys . 
  independentist are a lost cause . 
   the fact is that the us went into iraq and deposed one of the most despotic regimes in modern history . 
  tell me how much better the situation in iraq is at the moment ... 
  since when the communist are associated with anything ? 
  since when gay marriage is associated with communism ? 
  having the flag raised like that is a whole different story . 
  this makes me sick . 
  it has nothing to do with the crisis we are dealing with , and as far as i 'm concerned , the instigators can have a pineapple shove right up their asses . 
  hey , do n't make fun of greenland , with the global warming it could be the next caribeans :d, 
  well , we have more than enough educated jobless people to deal with first . 
  let 's not create more please . 
  very very specific need . 
  but so be it , how many of those asylum seeker would be able to assume that kind of position ? 
  hm , was n't clear , my bad . 
  we were talking about france , right ? 
   they did n't so much as squeak when the catholic extremists were brandishing their book and spewing their hate during the homosexual marriage debate either . 
  if you think them honest in their defense of `` secularism '' , then you have n't been paying attention . 
  did n't see any killing spree , did you ? 
  anyway , freedom of speech much ... everyone is free to have his very stupid opinion , including you and me . 
   and i wo n't even talk about the history of the party or how they , like the rpr/ump/whatever their name is today have always more or less been courting the catholic vote . 
  still not a death threat whatsoever . 
  lets accept more immigrants , that 's the solution !, 
  confirmation bias much ? 
  honestly mate , i think you are exaggerating a bit , or you were in a really shitty school . 
  yay , colonization is the root of all evils ... we have so much trouble dealing with indochine & vietnamese immigrant wanting to blow up a tgv every week end . 
  are you running for the french or any european election mate ? 
   you wo n't see them do the same when it 's the christians causing issues because there is n't problem nowadays with christian extremist ? 
  shoot your examples , because i 'm really struggling to find a guy killing in the name of jesus . 
  ps : not defending christian extremist or whatever religion , i could n't care less what you believe in . 
  just keep it private and do n't blow people up for that . 
   europe does n't do enough/alienates them . 
  the far right ( anti-immigration , like most of europeans ) parties also apparently cause alienation by trying to oppose islam . 
  so our resistance to this is the cause of it . 
   sikhs and hindus dont seem to have this issue . 
   this utter capitulation and self loathing is why there will be no hope . 
  we actually have no problem with most immigrant and their culture . 
  never saw a chinese immigrant burning car in the middle of paris , or an italian immigrant wanting to blow up a train . 
  we do have a problem with some radicals , and we are struggling to find a solution to make everyone happy . 
  or simply the unnecessary raise of far right extremists . 
  which work ? 
   `` human rights '' i wonder how that is compatible with their culture . 
  in all seriousness . 
  hm , your first post was already sarcasm ? 
  i may have missed that . 
  islamist are never the victims . 
  i have no sympathy for people mixing religion and politic . 
  musulman can be victims , i entirely agree with that . 
  careful with words mate . 
  well , charles martel might already have a job then !, 
  ( a couple of centuries later ), 
   we need to give the immigrants the chances to get into employment and higher education that they could n't access in their own nations . 
  oh please , please be our savior and enlighten us how we should create employment ? 
  i 'm sure all europe is waiting for your advice to get out of our unemployment crisis . 
   one is a sentient being with feeling , a will to live , and capable of suffering and the other is none of those things ? 
  how can you tell that a carrot does n't have those things in its own way ? 
  how can you tell that a chicken has feelings and a will to live ? 
  have you ever had a talk with a sheep or a beef ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  we breed beef , pork and chicken as much as we grow potatoes and carrots . 
  the only difference being that you think one is less food than the other . 
  alsacien j' imagine ? 
  completely , any problem with that ? 
   i mean , i am also part of the master race and if someone came to my country with an xbox or something i 'd piss them in the face and invite them to get the fuck out , of course . 
  thou shall not blame the dirty peasant for their gaming support as long as they recognize pc as the ultimate and better support for gaming . 
  on my side , the only good vegetarian dish i can think of is the tartiflette . 
  with lardons obviously . 
   biebeleskaes + potatoes never heard of that , i 'll make some research to be sure i fix this quickly . 
   cholesterol may kill me but diabetes wont . 
  that 's my bro !, 
  all in all , i do n't really care . 
  i worship good food and cuisine , it goes well beyond morality , ethic behind calories needed to produce meat or anything else . 
  the health argument is even more laughable when those guys often drink only coke or other bullshit soda . 
  i always practiced sport on a decent level and i watch what i eat most of the time . 
  people commenting my intake can shove a pineapple right through their ass . 
  i never liked ~ ~ carrots ~ ~ vegan and ~ ~ cucumber ~ ~ vegetarian people anyway . 
  well , why eating a carrots should n't be condemn as well ? 
  you are killing a living entity as much as you do for the beef . 
  i find the vegetarian speech as hypocritical as any other food moralizing speech .
