  define experience . 
  there would be dozens of way to circumvent any requirement : - based on active military service : there are thousands of senior officers in the `` small '' countries who spent all their life in the army without being deployed anywhere . 
  - based on deployment : the luxemburgish army actually have a few officers working for nato in a few conflict as `` observators '' . 
  no active combat command or major operation experience . 
  this is the kind of case i 'm afraid of ( not that i have anything against luxembourg ) . 
  there is a massive difference between experience in combat of the brits and the french and the rest of europe . 
   its not as if they have to be democratically elected . 
  they wo n't , but i would n't be surprise to see other states asking a rotation in the top command , and this is not acceptable for the two major forces in place . 
  no , your retarded comment . 
  on the other hand , if a joint french british military command is financed by the rest of the eu , it would be a fair deal . 
  the way to reduce our defense expense and ( possibly ) recruit other eu soldiers . 
  hm i understood it in the broader sense , europeans army might be a trickier issue ... 
  if you have both nationalities , i think it should n't be a problem , but i believe you would not be able to make a career out of it ( for understandable reasons ) . 
  [ retard alert ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/astjboerwckqc/giphy.gif ), 
   people can pretty much volunteer for any foreign army , no reason to replace european co-operation with european mergers . 
  i agree with the rest of your points , but this one is wrong . 
  it 's considered treason to fight for a foreign army and you basically renounce to your citizenship the moment you start to do that . 
  case in point : the jihadists from syria . 
  pretty much my thought ... 
  i love the idea of a joint army , but leaving the leadership to some nations with no experience whatsoever in war is worrying ... 
  i mean , no offense , but a luxembourgish general giving order to british and french forces is ridiculous . 
  we are with you guys !, 
  edit : wow , what could possibly award me with downvotes for just a support message like any other ? 
  mate , it was only banter following / u/timelyparadox post , do n't take that seriously ... 
  props to you guys on this one !, 
  extremely satisfying considering my government 's disgusting actions toward sa lately . 
  thanks for the quick lesson , 
  hahaha , reminds me of the origin of the barbarian term ( everyone but rome citizens ) . 
  one can argue about that , i mean belgium french is almost a language on its own ... 
   their dialect does n't make sense and they 're mostly just corrupt politicians . 
  you are speaking about catalonia , right ? 
  like baltic states ? 
  it 's not really rural , but we already have a pretty clear idea on a `` smaller '' [ city ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toulouse_and_montauban_shootings ) . 
  yeah right , as if common sense is working with those guys . 
  remember who we are dealing with here ? 
  it makes me sad . 
  yeah right ... and who 's gon na pay the bill ? 
  so let me get this straight , when women , kids , or christians are abused in asylum shelters , nobody cares and it 's awful propaganda ( by this sub standard ) . 
  but when it 's gay that are being targeted , everyone is getting his pitchfork . 
  i 'm really puzzled with people lately . 
  ( not that they deserve any less compassion toward attacks , but they are n't entitled to more imo ), 
  yeah , i can consider my self normand , yet i do n't scream for oppression from paris and the rest of france . 
  i do n't need my independence , despite how much i hate my current government and close to every decision they make . 
  the country is in a bad shape and surely we would be great economically on our own . 
  i want self-determination yet i know i owe the whole country , my ancestors and the rest of the population something . 
  i 'm all for a federal europe and we really do n't need yet another state for that . 
  once again , i really do n't want to talk about scotland , this is a very singular problem compared to stupid movements like flamish , northern italy or catalunia . 
  i have a very fundamental problem of trust with those people . 
  they just want to be in the eu for the benefits , what will prevent them from doing the exact same thing if europe needs them ? 
  `` meh , we are better on our own because muh culture , muh economical oppression '' . 
  people saying that those movement are not purely financially driven are hypocritical . 
  i do n't want to deal with selfish people like this . 
  the nation-state argument is kinda silly as well . 
  we can push this reasonning really far . 
  paris want to be independent , why the fuck not ? 
  it has always been paris and the rest of france . 
  they are doing well on there own and do n't need the rest of the `` poor '' side of france . 
  it 's far fetched but you get the idea . 
   hey , i want in !, 
  well , we have everything to be friends then !, 
   i 'm just wondering about places like catalonia . 
  or if the north of italy does vote itself out of italy ( basically kicking the south out ) for example . 
  do they get to be eu members ? 
  this is exactly my problem . 
  how could you trust people that are showing that they are going to backstab you at the first sign of weakness ( being a political or economical weakness ) . 
  i do n't want independentist as they are going against the most fundamental pillar of europe : having the back of your neighbor . 
  we are trying to unify europe to stay relevant and the best region in the world , i do n't want internal weak links that are going to whine at the first sign of a problem . 
  the scotland issue is a problem i do n't want to get into due to the special uk status , but catalonian claiming that they are oppressed can go fuck themselves very deeply . 
  seriously , if they want to know what being oppressed is , they should try being a non-muslim in iraq or syria right now . 
  oh come on , do n't play that card ... every one knows how much the uk is integrated with the rest of the eu . 
  you are neither part of schengen neither part of the eurozone . 
  your call to make , but i tend to care less about people wanting to be snobbish , 
  it 's something happening outside of europe ( the uk wanted their special status , they have it ) , it 's not really my business . 
  i ca n't stand people saying fuck off to other fellow europeans . 
  they want their independence ? 
  fine , but do not even fandom the idea to go into the eu . 
  every independence movement is completely retarded . 
  orchestrated by a few to feed the circlejerk ( catalunia ) or by an other state ( transnistria ) does n't make any difference to me . 
  but in terms of partners , what does he get ? 
  the only fact that he was totally legally out of it way even before finishing is ridiculous jail time of 5 years does n't seem to bother you . 
   my solution is letting the justice do is job . 
  all the problems we have with the lack of security in some suburbs and more generally in france showed that our justice is broken . 
  i agree with the rest , but now we have to deal with the immediate problem , not suggest the best option that would work in a 50 years span . 
  so jawad running all his illegal business 5 years after butchering a teenager is perfectly fine for you ? 
  you are a huge part of the problem we are facing today . 
  enforcing the law ? 
  keeping enforcing the law ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  our law system is a joke , nobody from the asshole committing a petty crime to the terrorist fear it . 
  we need a radical change of our justice system . 
  so what 's your solution against those animals ? 
  those events are occurring on a weekly basis on way too much suburbs in the whole country . 
  the muslim community refuse to take care of the problem . 
  at least some things are done over there without people being hurt or killed . 
  the reaction is stupid , but i can not blame them . 
  i 'm quite curious of the outcome of this situation ... 
  and what 's wrong with it ? 
   its not like this is going to make a realistic noticeable dent in refugee care costs . 
  it may make things easier for a lot of european who feel that their money is being wasted at the moment on people who are not actual refugees and are only economic migrants . 
  it 's a matter of principles .
