  first link i could find : https://www.dosomething.org/facts/11-facts-about-discrimination-and-poverty-latino-community come on . 
  you are facing the same issue as us , if not more aggravated due to the proportions . 
  so some cultures are inherently incompatible ? 
  well , the us is supposed to be an integration model and they are not doing so well with mexico . 
  oh and can we talk about the irish case for you guys ? 
  we are not a model of integration , but stop saying we are the worst ever . 
  we all have trouble , but some people are leaning better than the others . 
  in all groups and origins . 
  bullshit , what about all italian & spanish massive wave of immigrations ? 
  completely assimilate . 
  cut the crap . 
  shhhh !, 
  delusional people do n't like facts !, 
   i realize this is a joke but as a european birder i have to say australia blows most european countries * out of the water in terms of ~ ~ birds ~ ~ ~ ~ animals ~ ~ ~ ~ fauna and flora ~ ~ anything alive . 
  ftfy ftfm . 
  twice . 
  and now kids the emblematic fish . 
  [ austria ] ( http://www.pechepourtous.com/pechepourtous/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/truite-300x239.jpg ) [ australia ] ( http://kids.nationalgeographic.com/content/dam/kids/photos/animals/fish/a-g/great-white-shark-teeth.jpg.adapt.945.1.jpg ), 
  which does n't make any sense . 
  do i have to remind you about the disrepencies between convicted muslim and actual muslim population ? 
  the same applies here , i do n't like stat pulled out of your ass . 
   the profile of those are middle-aged caucasians where do you get this stat ? 
  why caucasians would tend to be more of a serial killer than any other person ? 
  and you know what 's worse ? 
  absolutely no media are talking about it today . 
  we do n't even know why or what happened exactly . 
  if i was conspirationist , i would say there is a bit a censorship , but i think our me ( r ) dia prefer talking about paul pogba record transfert ... 
  i have close to no chance to see a cow in the middle of paris , or in a bus . 
  an ex-jihadi though ... 
  it 's the same thing with sharks . 
  i 'm truly of defender of the species and i hate all attacks on them . 
  but in all honesty , as a surfer/kite-surfer/spear-fisher i know i 'm part of a population that are far greater risk to be killed by one rather than be killed by a cow . 
  albeit the * general * statistics . 
   on no account did this man make such comments about the fact that the attack may have been motivated by the victims ' dress code . 
  i hope it 's truly the case . 
  a prosecutor refuting such important element ( instead of just saying that it does n't know about it yet ) is extremely worrying . 
  it would simply means that he loss his impartiality . 
   there is nothing , no death , it 's just a random fight you mean attacking children is okay as long as they do n't die ? 
  dully noted . 
  how do you integrate people that refuse to integrate or go back to their `` glorious '' roots after the 3rd gen ? 
  when you are working for a recognized state , it 's not terror . 
  it 's an act of war . 
  anyway the mossad is responsible for far less death than a single islamist attack in france since 2010 . 
  ca n't find any trace of this in french news . 
  sounds a bit bs . 
  edit : my bad . 
  http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france/2016/07/16/01016-20160716livwww00020-en-direct-nice-attentat-attaque.php not really a military reserve in itself , more of a civil help . 
  anyway , once again , we see the complete amateurism of this government . 
  they do n't know how to deal with the situation and they show it every single day . 
  depressing , infuriating , a need for justice , pick one . 
  ca n't believe this is my country . 
  so you can insult your boss and try to sell him something once you leave the company ? 
  nop , not even once . 
  i do n't even know how you could possibly interpret my comment like this . 
   have a joint or something . 
  a huge dump will make it . 
  3.5 courics on the forecast . 
  yeah and you know what 's even worse ? 
  merkel is a reptilian herself in obedience to the grand szazsss . 
  we are all doomed until our savior from the past ( obviously the ancient astronauts ) come back to annihilate this species . 
  no it was n't you twat . 
  and we did n't gave up our culture , to what extreme your bigoted mind can draw false conclusions ? 
  it 's the stability and the survivability of what we all build those last 70 years that are endanger . 
  if you think nothing will happen to us with their decision , you are plain wrong . 
  a single country , endangering the best thing that happened to a continent in 2000 years . 
  how could you not be salty ? 
  i do n't say we wo n't , but i hope it will be extremely unfavorable for the uk . 
  some people ( literally close to half the uk ) , do n't deserve it , but i ca n't cope with that kind of insult , sorry . 
  see my other comment : i 'm genuinely sad for the other 48 % . 
  for all i care , the britards can rot in hell though . 
  you ca n't have it both way . 
  you ca n't insult a whole continent and still wanting something from them . 
  i do n't wish for your collapse , i just do n't want to hear from the uk ever again . 
  you ruined the 6 nations . 
  you basically told us to fuck off , now i do n't want to hear anything from you . 
  no partnership , no agreement , nothing . 
  this big funny island does n't exist anymore , just a big void between ireland and france . 
  remember : nigel farad told us that he wants to unit with the ** real ** friends you have in the commonwealth . 
  it 's so insulting i ca n't even stand seeing this bastard on national tv . 
   uk to establish our new relationship with the eu first what about no ? 
  sincerely , the rest of europe . 
  good job britards !, 
  i 'm genuinely sad for the 48 % others . 
  hmpf lived there for quite some time , hard to be more accurate ... 
  bullshit , nobody agreed to it but for merkel . 
  stop with that , damages are already done and you can blame that government . 
  1.2 dl is not even a glass . 
  i mean it 's not that high ... 
  okay it 's a bit more than 2 pour but ... hum ... can we blame them ? 
  i understand you ca n't really be proud of your nation when its only contribution is weed and industrialization of prostitution . 
  oh yeah tell me more about history please sir unsignificantnationnobodyevertalkabout . 
  what a joke of a leader . 
  you know you country is runned by a tool when he cares about a sandwich named after him in an average city in germany . 
  full time european as long as it 's his vision of europe , 
   then again considering its junker , he is probably just trying to deflect responsibility . 
  as per luxembourgish tradition :d, 
  such a magnificent place , always pride to have this desert in the best continent on earth !, 
  oh i do n't say there is n't an overkilled speed limit in a lot of place . 
  i 'm just talking of large , densely populated cities . 
  i even think cars should be completely banned from city center .
