   whatever may be one opinion on the subject of homosexual marriage this was the only good thing she did ... 
  in now two years . 
   fleur pellerin in my opinion she did the job rather correctly in the middle of this monkeys crew . 
   while segolene did not much and duflot was a walking disaster i was specifically referring to them . 
  segolene should not be here , the french people & her political party have already spoken . 
  period . 
  my point was : would they be there is it was n't for the sake of gender balance ? 
   voting agaisnt someone though is not that stupid . 
  there was no point in reconducting the failed sarkozy who didnt improve the situation , and i do n't want to vote against * someone * , i want to vote against a program i do n't believe in . 
  i have more and more difficulties to locate myself in the current political landscape . 
  one thing is sure , the current government is almost empty of talented people and unbelievably full of unqualified people . 
  the gender balance is also a joke , i 'm not anti women ( i believe that lagarde was one of the best of all , please present yourself at the next election ) but i 'm really anti `` positive-discrimination '' . 
  people are very keen to bring the failed mandate . 
  i 'm far from a pro sarkoziste but nobody is ever able to bring facts and figures ( compared to other countries in the same situation ) that his policy was a huge catastrophe . 
   you seem to be willing to vote against holland yes i was because his program was born to fail like any other ** pure ** socialist program . 
   but people just want to believe the charismatic man telling them everything is going to be okay withouth making any sacrifices . 
  he is as charismatic as a rocking chair and i 'm not into furnitures . 
  i still deeply think dsk was the only decent option . 
  maybe he would have prove me wrong , but it can not be worse than what we have now . 
  and i also believe in the conspiracy theory . 
  he was already elected without declaring himself candidate , way too dangerous for ps & ump majority . 
   a new governement and a new president could set those reform in motion nailed it . 
  we ( they ? ), 
  should have never go for the full retarded ps , it never worked and was really far from the appropriate government we needed in those time . 
  people are just plaint stupid , they just vote against someone without even having a look at the programs of candidates . 
  we now face the consequences of this poor choice . 
  i guess it 's picked up from french where it 's also the same thing . 
  the glorious european dragon . 
  why stop at the head ? 
  think bigger !, 
  can i be your war minister ? 
  or minister of home affairs ? 
  we can merge both for cost efficiency reasons . 
  annexation for aesthetic reasons . 
  i like you . 
  are you presenting yourself at the next european elections ? 
  crush , obliterate , surrender ... repeat again ... 
  can we physically visit it ? 
   `` fifty six million people used to live here ... now it 's a ghost town . '', 
   only because they could n't afford the extras . 
  it 's less part of the french military doctrine to be explicit about foreign operation . 
  we have two completely different approach of war ( and external communication ) between the usa and us . 
  and it wo n't make things any more clear . 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  if it was , he would only speak french , you are way too focused on something that is n't an issue . 
  i would n't mind if people would put it in their native language as well . 
  hey , it 's / r/europe , we all speak 2 or more languages , why not share with others ? 
  no , a lot of noisy people are like that . 
  i firmly believe that most people just fear to be flagged as racist and simply shut their mouth . 
  care to tell me why ? 
  we are having that kind of reports from very different newspapers/sources , from different political side . 
  they are not trying to push that kind of shit with a political agenda . 
  let 's make them transit in laponia for some months . 
  just to select the real refugees and the fuckers . 
  it 's not like it 's the unique case we have here . 
  we have reports like this every fucking days . 
  good plan to take some holidays . 
  it 's also infuriating for most europeans . 
   are n't they are running away from radicals in their home country ? 
  hearing how much and about what they are complaining in sweden and finland , i doubt they are running away from anything . 
   they go to germany to get jobs and better future for their children/family ( free education , healthcare , housing ) . 
  which jobs ? 
  really depends of the country . 
  getting ready for the zombie apocalypse ? 
  do they have some pork in it ? 
  those intolerant bastard ... 
  buuuuuuuurn, 
  so they can actually reform the religion ? 
  the berseker ? 
   it 's not germany . 
  it 's just ~ ~ these mentally ill guys ~ ~ the current german government . 
  ftfy . 
  the shariah is actually effective ? 
  and i agree with it 100 % . 
  well , as an american , no necessarily with a lot of money you integrated without particular efforts from the fins , right ? 
  why should the person most begging for coming ask for twice as much effort ? 
  they are not entitled to anything from me or any other european , their situation is sad , but i do n't owe them anything . 
  they should be grateful enough to be here , period . 
  no need to blow themselves up to thank their hosting country ,, 
  sorry mate , but why should i ? 
  in all honesty , i volunteer for other persons in need , why should i help people integrating ? 
  is n't it you that should make an effort ? 
  it 's exactly why we should be way more careful in our approach of accepting refugees . 
  our leaders want to rush with unbelievable quotas and in the meantime putting in danger our own citizens . 
  let 's take the situation way more rationally , you do n't lead a country with emotions . 
  if we do n't act -  we are to blame . 
  if we act -  we are to blame . 
  forget arguing with that kind of guy . 
   let 's just remember here that the ` right to self-determination ' is a human right . 
  so if i follow your logic , it would be perfectly fine to have paris declaring its independence ? 
  they have right to self determination , and they also want to be an active partner in the eu . 
  or i can also declare my independence , because i disagree with how my money is spent to pay jobless people ? 
  we can stretch this logic without limits . 
  and once again , i would do a lot for my european brothers , nothing for someone who want to damage them . 
   as far as i 'm aware they want catalonia to be an independent state within the eu . 
  no thanks . 
  i do n't need people who are ready to backstab me at the first sign of weakness . 
   also you really do n't live by the motto of france , maybe you do live by the `` values of europe '' ( whatever they are as they seem to vary rather widely from country to country , which include catalans ) . 
  i do , and it includes solidarity , remember ? 
  if the uk was as much part of europe as spain , i would .
