  it should balance everything . 
  sounds like monaco and france , or andora and spain ... switzerland and the eu ? 
  they want they independence ? 
  start a fiscal heaven , steal money from other countries , job done . 
  well i spent a big part of my life in paris and 6 % do seem low when you live there . 
  yes `` the hell '' was too much i agree . 
  because i want to know the source of a figure that sounds particularly low to me . 
  thank you !, 
   there are about 6 % of muslims in france where the hell did you find this figure ? 
  edit : just asking a question ... 
  most french people ( including me ) are n't literate when we are talking about french developed in former colonies . 
  you might be true , it just did n't cross my mind \\ ^ \\ ^, 
  i do n't doubt it . 
  i 'm 100 % sure he is not a native or did it on purpose . 
  if he is n't a native , it does n't make his effort less worth of a cheer , keep it up mate it 's a tough language but '' \u00f4 combien magnifique '', 
  so close xd, 
  afair he did n't die from this . 
  better being hurt while rescued than die in hands of pirates . 
  rome ? 
  i thought it was the yanks ... maybe not something to be proud of ? 
  good luck with that , i do n't believe the show can exist without our three guys . 
   that 's just been released . 
  his contract expires at the end of this month and will not be renewed . 
  awesome ... 
  here is the end of my favorite show ever . 
  i think we all knew it would finish like that , just not that soon . 
   when your employer tells you to behave or get fired , you 're already on thin ice . 
  what if there is no business with the said employee ? 
  if the bbc was so pissed about it they could have edited it . 
  it 's more of a marketing tool than anything else at this point . 
  anyway , once again , i wo n't place any judgment before hearing clearly both parties and their version of the story . 
  totally correct , my parallel was wrong . 
  i just wanted to point out the incidents was unrelated and the bbc should not take into account precedent as it 's different topic ( on screen/off screen ) . 
  this is what i 've heard too . 
  ca n't help but be truly sad about the top gear end . 
   if possible search for some alternative but i ca n't think about one let 's hope there is brilliant enough people to think about that at the bbc office . 
  the only guy i would watch speaking about cars , besides those three , is chris harris . 
  he deserves more credit and spotlight for his work . 
   i do n't want to watch someone who punch other people . 
  do you ? 
  until i have the whole story , i wo n't give an opinion about that . 
  punching a colleague is wrong , period . 
  people have been fired for less than that and others have kept their position for doing far worse . 
  let 's wait for the real communication from the bbc . 
  punish the guy , not the viewers . 
  top gear is something pretty big . 
  hitting a colleague , especially for something that futile , is plain wrong , but i would love to hear his version of the event . 
  the only source we have are not-direct comment and both parties have n't expressed themselves directly so far . 
  i actually do n't know , she would have my vote for sure . 
  i do n't know if her mandate at the imf is aligned with the french elections frequency . 
  sad perspective here ... 
  i would put all my faith in juppe at the moment ( he is a direct sarkozy opponent in his own party ) . 
  i hope they will work things around during the first round and clean the mess of what the ump has become . 
  i actually believe more in people than parties , sadly , none of the ones i trust are heard now . 
  one could have been the president we needed , i do n't give a shit about his private life ( like most french people do ) . 
  the only good side about this mess . 
  i hate the party so much but i 'm not sure this is worth it . 
  because i do n't live near a 222 stop , i have to pick up the 22 and change later . 
  this fucking 222 accept to drop people near my place but not let them jump in it . 
  despite having stopped and opened the fucking doors . 
  those drivers ... 
  this is awesome , i have to try this . 
  well i 'm not penniless but still way below the average income . 
  i live in strassen , work in kirchberg and yet i complain , you had it far worse man . 
  hopefully i wo n't stay here too long . 
  my bad ... a client woke me up at 6 in the morning ( he is in australia and did n't pay attention ) . 
  i 'm not at my best right now ... 
  especially in english xd, 
  i would dream to go there everyday running ... 
  but my locker is only big enough to fit a folder and my laptop . 
  yup i 'll have a look at it , or maybe a motorbike . 
  3 km in a virtual straight line , it 's without considering , hills , valleys , cliffs and road pattern . 
  the topography of the city and the country is quite ... complexe . 
  i 've done it by foot once , it was 11pm , i was at the office and the bus service stops before . 
  it took me roughly 50 minutes . 
  while the reputation of the bank of the ue is well deserved , it 's more diverse than that . 
  the main industries are obviously private banking and investment fund ( including the european investment fund ) . 
  a lot of multi-national companies ( ebay , amazon , ferrero etc. ), 
  have their european center here ( to be honest , it 's more of a back office used to declare tax here ) . 
  there is also genuine active sector with interesting entities like cargolux ( air-transportation company ) , ses ( 2nd biggest satellite fleet management company in the world ) or arcelor mittal ( biggest steel producer in the world ) . 
  they also are launching plenty of initiative ( i.e. 
  investment ) on `` new trend '' , for instance they made big investment on data centers industry . 
  there is also several european official institutions including the justice court . 
  all in all , the reputation of bank country and tax heaven is deserved in my opinion , but there is more than that . 
  or a new country , dunno ... 
  hm , i might think about this them , but i ca n't store cloth in my office . 
  we have a very strict clear desk policy and not big enough locker . 
  it would be an option if i was n't in suit and meeting clients everyday . 
  i do n't know if you 've been there but it 's pretty hilly , especially on my case where i would have to go down to the valley and uphill 2 times a day \\ ^ \\ ^, 
  like low-wage worker who wants to live in the 16th arrondissement of paris . 
  i 'm an engineer and i know i could n't afford to live in paris , nevermind the richest part of the city . 
  yet they complain and our socialist country says it 's a scandal ... 
  the situation is shitty , i live there as well and the commuting time does n't even worth living here anymore . 
  better rush to the frontier . 
  my company changed their office and now , even though i live 3km in a straight line from my new office , it takes me 40min to 1h to go there by bus ( by car roughly 15min ) . 
  of course , the city does n't allow companies to build parking because of reasons . 
  guys , it only works if you have a decent public transportation system . 
  all we have is unreliable bus lines with , most of the time , completely insane drivers who act like real jerk . 
  do n't bother running for your bus , they will never ever wait for you or even open the door if they are stuck in traffic and are still at their stop . 
  fuck the luxembourg public transport system .
