   but i agree that the whole situation itself is unstable but what would you expect when people are fleeing war ? 
   not acting like fucking animals once they are safe ? 
  when they are in the first safe country . 
   of course media and right-wing people will twist the situation to further their agenda ( making money and spreading fear ) , causing the people to build an unrealistic view of the immigrants and their situation . 
  because you seriously think the left-winged are n't also turning those event to further their agenda ? 
   some have already been reduced to anger and hate , as we can see in this thread . 
  expect more in the future , i do n't live in europe anymore and those events are making me furious . 
  the situation was handled poorly from the start , and our beloved politicians continue to ignore the problem . 
  if we do n't act fast , it will be the end of the eu as we know it . 
  you can also add the german ( and my own ) government on the list of people to blame . 
  because christianity is not responsible for a repeated acts of terrorism in europe ? 
  i would prefer a `` va te faire mettre '' clause ( `` go fuck yourself '' ), 
  in siberia . 
  this is completely ridiculous ... 
  the stupidity of people knows no bound . 
  i do n't know the girl but she is fucking annoying . 
  ca n't she just shut her mouth when people speak ? 
   europe 's history of intolerance and totalitarianism i suppose . 
  oh please tell me how much more horrible we have been compared to the wahabi ideology ... 
   intolerant this argument ( one way or the other ) is nowhere to be close to a deciding factor . 
  we have other priorities at the moment . 
  no , he just felt attacked for some reason . 
  what a nice fellow !, 
  really happy to see him getting a well deserved position in the british government . 
  we have the leader we deserve ... 
  go home iceland , you are drunk !, 
  ( i actually reserved this for estonia but ... ), 
  the council of vikings have spoken !, 
  it 's legit !, 
  ( time travel still needs some boundaries though ), 
  he should be rewarded . 
  several time . 
  well , he will be eventually . 
  well , if i live close to the office , i should n't be expected to work more because i have less time in transports . 
  so it 's sort of related , and we would all live in spain to work in luxembourg at that pace . 
  and what 's the link with europe ? 
  if you are not happy with democracy , there are a few country you could live completely secluded , you know ? 
  ok so what was your right taken away ? 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  oh please , tell me moar of oppressed you were ... 
  it really never gets old . 
  as much as wanting to make your own law to stop paying taxes because muh dur my neighboor is paying less taxing than i do . 
  it 's just a selfish act coming from a spoiled brat . 
  you are a ukip / farage supporter . 
  you insulted us for years and you are now asking for pity ? 
  you are one of the biggest hypocryte here . 
  you deserve absolutely no sympathy . 
  haha in your dream !, 
  those are so european , it would be like asking one of your state to join-in . 
  we give you england and north africa in exchange . 
  cheers ,, 
  [ it 's starting ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/54xl9t/the_sidebar_of_rmexico_right_now/d864uhu ) . 
  in english , with tons of british symbols ? 
  might be a bit outdated :p, 
   what is napoleon holding up [ a saucisson ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saucisson ) one of the finest delicacy in our cuisine . 
  okay , maybe not one of the finest , but one of the most glorious . 
   why is he riding a dinosaur ? 
  because of reasons . 
  the link ? 
  it 's the french version of `` america fuck yeah '' ( = `` france baise ouais '' literally ) with all obnoxious and chauvinist things we could offer , 
  shhhh , leave me , myself , and i with our very precise and solid plan . 
  * screaming intensifies *, 
  i 'm screaming internally . 
  because i would have include spain , greece , and [ of course ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nkrnytn.jpg ), 
  if we manage to get mexico in europe , we 'll complete our plan to have all best cooking in the world . 
  a revolution is coming friends !, 
  knowing how mentally challenged he is , do n't you think it 's possible ? 
  still genital mutilation on both case . 
  i do n't see why one should shock me more than the other . 
  if i can give you another piece of advise , remove your anus , there are some nasty cancer there . 
  better shit in a bag through a pipe for the rest of your life . 
  we are never too cautious . 
  oh , and cut your head off , it drastically reduce your chances of brain tumor . 
  and it will save us all the trouble . 
  yup that 's what i read . 
  one more reason to stop this barbaric practice . 
  keep it up guys !, 
  we are all with you !, 
  nothing batman ca n't handle . 
  what 's the risk ? 
  having a drown hate preacher ? 
  i 'm kinda okay with the idea to accept it . 
  justifying a retarded statement by comparing it with centuries old events is stupid . 
  and let him convert his inmates ? 
  no thanks , just throw him on a rock in the middle of the atlantic . 
   ah ... fall into the ocean and let aquaman do the rest . 
  falklands ? 
  okay fair enough , i think it 's not a bad way of seeing things . 
  i believe it might allow too much freedom of act of certain subset of the population . 
  but that is more linked to my ( our in europe ? ), 
  moral code than the law . 
  i guess it also prevents actions against political opponents , so it 's not a bad thing either . 
  you are right , i do n't know much about german law ( or rather on this part of german law ) . 
  but one could argue that the burqa is a strong symbol of the shariah law . 
  is n't the the shariah unconstitutional ? 
  well it 's the case already in france . 
  this is how the law is written . 
  this must be the most hypocritical thing you have posted in this whole thread . 
  yeah right !, 
  i mean all those biggoted monk who literally moan people with a truck , or kill and perform torture act on a concert ...
