  but ... poland can into space, 
  since when martinique , guadeloupe and french guyana are n't french anymore ? 
  france and germany  but honestly , i do n't see the point . 
  i love beer . 
  and now go to belgium and see how the guy who elevated fries to the food of gods eat them . 
   about an entire group of people . 
  which is born and mainly relevant to the us . 
  sorry mate but when it comes to the food industry they have no lesson to give . 
  the gluten free scam being the last complete joke . 
  somehow i miss the german mcd ... we tend to have a far broader offer with more originality in the sandwiches , but damn yours is cheaper and with real mayo for fries . 
  seriously what nuts in his goddamn mind pushed to remove mayo in france ? 
  i love how you are pulling figures out of your ass when i 'm linking you to a serious study . 
  the denseness of vegans is so strong , it 's utterly useless to debate with them . 
  the calorie vs energy needed for production [ does n't play in favor of a vegan diet ] ( http://www.sciencealert.com/vegetarian-and-healthy-diets-may-actually-be-worse-for-the-environment-study-finds ) . 
  so yes , it 's right . 
  at 8 $ -10 $ the big tasty , i think they are making quite good profit on their sammich as well . 
   neither ecologically nor socially . 
  neither is vegganism . 
  it 's now widely reported that the very low calorie ratio bring by a full vegan diet is catastrophic ecologically . 
  you basicaly need so much energy to produce the same quantity of calories that it transforms the gain into a liability . 
  anyway , meat for one euro does n't exist everywhere in europe and mcdonald is still subject to a shitload of norms and standards in some country obliging them to have real and acceptable quality meat . 
  edit : and the vegan downvoting brigade is kicking in !, 
  you are not building an any better image with that ... 
  neither motivating me to re-think a couple of things . 
  i 'll be happy to keep eating as much meat as it remains healthy against non-biased standard . 
  ohhhh , i see ... 
  exactly my question , and it 's what im_nice_to_everyone is suggesting . 
  please , enlight me . 
   comrpomised how come ? 
  why being right winged is incompatible with the laws of europe ? 
  well , lucky you if your country is well managed !, 
  it 's not the case for germany and their open door policy , and even our is a mess of illegal immigration . 
  some pm are trying to pass a law to automatically give away permanent residence to all prostitutes ... now we are going to have massive waves of women claiming to be a hooker to get citizenship . 
  the state of my country politics is depressing . 
  denying that our western government has n't massively change in the last 20 years is silly . 
  i 'm not saying its a bad thing overall , but you are in the denial . 
  the pc wave is far more rooted in the mind of our political and none of them will dare deport those people for the sake of their image in the eyes of a certain subset of the population . 
  i mean come on , we are so cautious with blaming refugees for any crime they commit that i ca n't fandom a deportation once their country is going to be safe . 
  on top of that , when will it be acceptable to deport those guys ? 
  when you accept as refugees people from morocco , turkey , algeria , pakistan ( read not at war and safe country ) , i do n't know when you are going to send back somalis . 
  ffs , where did you grow up ? 
  yeah right , like this is going to happen . 
  why ? 
  why is he a douche ? 
  oh god , i sort of hate you and love you right now . 
  yay that worked out so well so far ... 
  no it 's not . 
  thank you for your contribution , but freedom of speech as its limits over here , and it 's a good thing . 
  as an example , we do n't need to hear people suggesting that the holocaust did n't exist ... 
  except that a company is bringing something to the society , jobs , money , taxes , whereas the other ... 
  and what are you suggesting ? 
  more inaction ? 
   but if a belgian officer served in a joint european force under british-french command he might be equally capable after a while do n't you think ? 
  i agree , but it will take years ( if not decades ) to reach the sufficient level . 
  would people be willing to wait that long ? 
  that i doubt . 
  and i trust british and french generals because our respective armies have been actively and constantly involved in several major conflict lately . 
  this ca n't be said of many other nations in europe . 
  as a side note : german and italian also have decent capabilities , but you have to admit , not comparable involvement . 
  it might depends of your country 's consitution , but allies and ennemies is a very relative topics nowadays . 
  for instance , turkey is supposed to be our ally due to nato relations , but is greatly helping daesh lately ( by actively selling weapons and preventing defense of kurdish forces ) . 
  in that context , i would n't have a problem declaring a traitor a guy who would engage himself with the turkish army . 
   ensure the best candidate is given the position . 
  we have constant grim reminder , thanks to our politics , that it 's hardly the case . 
  and i do n't want to see that kind of behavior when it comes to sending my fellow citizen to war . 
  in the end , it wo n't come with the more competent but with the more influential , there are reasons that armies are not democracies , and it should also be the case when it comes to top command . 
  would you accept a greek general sending german troops to death only because he was appointed due to command rotation ? 
  the command rotation for the sake of `` democratie '' and/or disgusting corruption / influence is what i 'm afraid of . 
  yup , through time and if there is equal participation to the effort , which wo n't be achieved before several decades . 
  the thing is , you have no rational argument in the sense of a complete sharing of armed force in the eu . 
  believe it or not , i 'm completely for an exit of the nato force and a reborn of the eurofor . 
  now , the structure you are suggesting with a chain of command out of the competent people hands is a fallacy . 
  so what you want is a complete demilitarization of europe . 
  there is no other alternative in what you are suggesting . 
  reminiscence from the past is not making you more competent when it comes to modern war . 
  the conflict has so much change in the last 30 years that if you have n't participate in those , your experience , your training , your equipment , your doctrines are pretty much irrelevant . 
  but once again , we are dealing with human lives here , the ego of some government are irrelevant . 
  well , european nations might be a trickier issue ( as i was saying in another post ) . 
  if you have both nationality and is a european one , it might be an exception . 
  so you actually hide yourself from all conflicts during decades for the sake of your `` neutrality '' , but now you want your voice in the command chain . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  well , once they sign , they renounce to their previous nationality and identity . 
  which is pretty much in line with what i was saying . 
  no , ffs leading an army in operation is a matter of experience . 
  you can be the greatest army leader in theory but you ca n't be entitled to this kind of responsibility if you have no experience in active combat ( being officer experience or other ) . 
  i just can not accept that we are going to send people to a possible death in the hands of inexperienced people for the sake of some people ego . 
  yes , and there is a reason for that , we are dealing with an army , not regulation of banks . 
  you expect to send people to possibly die in the hand of an inexperienced command for the sake of the small nation ego ? 
  no thanks . 
  you do n't buy war experience . 
  so you actually want to give command of the european defense to a luxembourgish general ? 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  and what 's the link with the security council chair , are you asking the same from the uk ? 
  what 's the link with our nuclear arsenal ? 
  you are weirdly not asking germany or belgium to remove american weapons in their country . 
  you are not asking the brits to remove their nuclear arsenal . 
  this is a direct attack to france and is retarded in every possible sense . 
  yes , and i love the initiative , as long as we leave not experienced nation out of this kind of ideas . 
  it 's not about being fair and democratic toward other european nations , but leading people to their possible death . 
  and that can only be assumed by nations with extensive experience of fight .
