  i wish you all the best in your move to the netherlands  enjoy it !, 
  but we have a flag ... 
  i can see the irish fear of further integration and how it would look unpalatable but leaving the eu would fuck you harder than it 'll fuck us . 
  ireland is doing remarkably well . 
  if it could sort out its infrastructure issues it has a bright future for it, 
  i would like that but it 's probably ve after the twenty year economic turmoil that looks to break the union . 
  probably easier to look for jobs in dublin or paris and just seek a visa or work if possible . 
  working on moving out now but i hope to get my citizenship back one day , 
  it 's a massive shame . 
  i never changed my flair . 
  decided i might as well own it . 
  but i 'm going to miss this . 
  i spent my entire life being a citizen of europe and i loved being so . 
  i do n't understand why i 'm not allowed to do that anymore . 
  a thoughtless and shortsided decision changed the life 's and dreams of millions of people and over the squabbles of the rich and powerful . 
  what a waste . 
  hey !, 
  that 's a bit harsh . 
  most people who buy the sun only get it for the pictures !, 
  corbyn 's rolled over and is currently letting the government do whatever they want , if anything he 's more useless . 
  could i please reserve tunisia, 
  he 's generally respected as an excellent speaker and a man worth listening to even among people who hate the tories . 
  only tory i 'd ever vote for as well . 
  doubt it . 
  labour leadership is decided by the members who all overwhelmingly support corbyn despite his poor performance . 
  most annoying thing is the conservatives have a wafer thin margin . 
  corbyn could really force some concessions if it looked like he could vote down art 50 . 
  but he wo n't . 
  it 'll take labour collapsing at the next general election for the membership to catch on at this rate, 
  he already said labour would do nothing . 
  corbyns about as useful an opposition as a car board cut out . 
  literally nothing, 
  thanks for the advice!i 'll try and fit it all in , 
  should have checked the regional subreddit . 
  will remember in future . 
  i 'm going to this in december !, 
  lovely to see it get some news . 
  croatians , or any that have been before to croatia , apart from the markets themselves and the parks around the square is there anything you 'd recommend for a visiting tourist to see or try out ? 
  we 're definitely going to go see the museum of broken relationships as that looks rather interesting and we 're bang in the middle of the city centre thanks to airbnb i 'm just hoping anyone had any suggestions ? 
  i 'll also probably make a post with pictures of my time there . 
  it 's a joke . 
  personally i just think they only suit a particular build of person and there are far too many people who wear them that definitely shouldnt, 
  surely they 've done enough to themselves already ? 
  bravo !, 
  damn you all to hell !, 
  at least we can agree on something though . 
  herbal tea is definitely the worst kind . 
  what type of tea ? 
  and youve reached the very heart of british cuisine in one sentence, 
  i 'm more wondering why you felt the need to mention you have trans people . 
  i have no problem with them it just looks like you brought them up rather bizarrely . 
  i honestly think the eu needs to seriously invest in its own propaganda division to get some better feeling into the world and among the eu . 
  something that could counter russia or the big newscorps like the d * ily ma * l. 
  objectively yes . 
  politically its absolutely mental if you want to retain power . 
  our politicians dont have the spine for it either . 
  they did n't even have the spine to vote on eu membership themselves and gave it to the people as a referendum to absolve themselves of responsibility the weasel faced picks . 
  it 's a mix of religion , politicis and ethnicity as well as history . 
  britain effectively beat the ever loving crap out of ireland for centuries when we conquered it causing famines , serfdom and the attempted suppression of irish culture including catholism . 
  the northern irish are largely protestant christian loyalists who have been part of ireland for centuries and view themselves loyal to the britishop and are british . 
  it would be as if half of malta declared the other half not really maltese it causes a huge amount of tension . 
  from there things spiralled into terrorism and murder , organised crime and government espionage which has really only simmered down in the last two decades . 
  most people think it 'll start the troubles again . 
  it would certainly raise tensions again and there 's no guarantee it will be solvable now as the good friday agreement partly relies on membership of the eu . 
  the other issue is the actual border between ni and roi is really dumb . 
  if you look at it it snakes all over the place cuts through some roads and towns so you ca n't drive to certain places without actually crossing the border . 
  policing it is a huge task and ni and roi rely on the ability to move labour back and forth over the border and some businesses rely on being able to access both sides easily . 
  basically brexit royally fucked norn unless the uk government is really going to take their concerns seriously . 
  which they havent yet . 
  half of british voters does n't understand how their country which includes northern ireland actually fucking works ... 
  but if we do n't arm our enemies of the future who will we fight in the world of tomorrow ? 
  cornwall is a poor uneducated part of england suffering from massive house prices because richer people from the cities buy up holiday homes there . 
  huge problems with education and grenade pregnancy . 
  so yeah cornwall has issues . 
  which in the uk is one of the largest voting and politically active classes . 
  which sucks . 
  well when you have wine , beer , ale , vodka , low our , schnapps , whiskey , whisky , cider and all the rest like we do and had to share the damn continent with all these ass holes like we do you 'd be drunk to . 
  cheers europe . 
  let 's get shit faced . 
  cheers !, 
  based ok history it is unlikely this government will last longer than a year . 
  if it does it 'll buck every minority government that did n't form a formal coalition, 
  i got chills . 
  gcse history ? 
  there is n't option to do the troubles on gcse history depending on your examiner and teacher . 
  ours taught us the troubles and independent ireland and pulled no punch 's on it . 
  it 's not entirely bad . 
  dont get me wrong on this . 
  the empire needs to be looked at partly as a product of its time but also as the evils of british exceptionalism and nationalism . 
  i wish it was taught more about how things were done that were horrible and why they 're bad to give a perspective on how nationalism and exceptionalism can lead to problems . 
  it 's more looked at as a positive and this is how you get situations like brexit . 
  the empire in its time did have good moments . 
  it also has a bad ones . 
  the curriculum needs to be far more balanced than it is to give more uk citizens a perspective of our place in the world . 
  it 's hard to deal with . 
  how do you teach children about the birth of the empire but not colonialism , cultural suppression and in many cases what very much looks like genocide ? 
  british history tends to focus on our good guy narrative of ww2 , romans , greeks , celts , henry the 8th and other stuff . 
  the industrial revolution does get mentions but the way it powered the expansion of our borders is very much glossed over . 
  it would be far better if it was confronted especially irish history but it 's just not really something our curriculum seems to be able to grasp . 
  i 'm also willing to bet you 'd get a lot of political pushback from people saying we 're teaching kids britain is evil or we 're being unpatriotic .
