the right think the left is misguided the left think the right are evil bastards . 
  my guess is there 's a few brits tempted to vote out for this exact reason . 
  no one likes that law here , but how are we supposed to control migration when we ca n't control it from the eu very effectively ? 
  i 'm amazed our military was even regarded as useful in europe . 
  ive mostly been hearing how we 're constantly causing whining problems and how everyone thinks we should leave . 
  it 's nice to be remembered that we spend 2 % gdp on nato, 
  there are jokes here and there about creating a nordic super state + the uk but with the current state of the eu and the british reaction to more freedom of movement there is n't as much appetite for it . 
  though i believe the scandinavian countries have some form of freedom of movement . 
  scotland gave 16 year olds the right to vote because they thought it would win them independence , without the young vote the indyref would have been nowhere near as close . 
  the eu remain camp does n't need young voters they think they can swing it anyway . 
  plus the population of scotland is tiny and their young people make up a bigger demographic . 
  i meant more there 's a rise in atheism and a plurality of religion . 
  i personally do n't like bishops being in the lords but in the framework of the uk they do serve a purpose . 
  we do n't mind the house of lords too much , it needs serious reform , is too big and they tend to get far too many perks but it tends to work as a apolitical counterweight to the commons . 
  the fact they do n't stand for election means they can vote down on other bills while giving no fucks if they are re-elected or not . 
  the fact alot are experts in their field is also a useful fact to have as it leans towards meritocracy . 
  they hace helped halt extremely unpopular health bills recently while some of them have tried to push it through ( i 'm looking at you lord andrew lloyd-webber you waxen faced prick ) . 
  the bishops do n't make much sense to be on the house anymore and they are one of the main things people are against but the uk is ` technically ' a christian country so their inclusion has a historical basis as well as being there to represent some of the christian britons views in the house . 
  i was n't aware of the exact wording my understanding was we were never supposed to jump into poland so this is great to learn !, 
  thanks for that . 
  it makes his argument weaker that we just left poland due to lack of willpower . 
  poland geographical location between germany and the soviets is why allied powers could not reach it in time . 
  i am not claiming blitzkrieg for poland being defeated in world war 2 but simply we could n't get there without going through germany first . 
  the blitzkrieg was a new and unexpected form of warfare this should not be underestimated . 
  a shit ton of french and british warships and continuous accusations of war crimes while we deal with turning refugees/migrants back ti their countries . 
  that 's how i see the composition at least . 
  to be fair poland was fucked the second world war two started . 
  the allied powers immediately declared war but we were n't fast enough to get to poland without steamrolling berlin . 
  the same thing basically happened to france but blitzkrieg was a new form of warfare so while france dug trenches the germans proceeded to fuck them . 
  the uk did try to get involved but were trying to rearm and also was n't ready for the blitzkrieg hence dunkirk fucked us . 
  this is obviously very simplistic but that 's basically what happened at the start of world war two . 
  germanys armed forced were effectively neutered after the ww2 constitution and britain had to recover from the shock loss of the empire . 
  we 're not pussies but modern warfare is extremely brutal and there 's little appetite for it in the global trade linked modern time . 
  the european union either need to get its finger out and stand firm on this issue or we wait until shit hits the fan and then powers are introduced to reverse the problem . 
  the issue is merkel basically went from making the problem a european one to a german one and thrre is now less appetite in the eu to deal with the refugee crisis . 
  it will be interesting to see how this unfolds but inaction is probably the worst option to take . 
  because we 're better than them . 
  i asked one of my muslim friends about how he felt about isis as a moderate muslim and he laughed , said he was a liberal muslim not a moderate one and told me something which has worryingly stuck with me . 
  `` you know those people that are just watching isis throw gays off of the rooftop instead of helping ? 
  they 're the moderates . '', 
  and now we have the referendum . 
  for this reason . 
  if you keep doing it do.you keep getting fined or do you just pay a million euros and carry in ? 
  yes let 's make this about the two single people in the campaigns and not the rest of the population that has issues with the eu and the large eurosceptic movement within the uk . 
  that 's sensible . 
  federalisation is a perfectly acceptable goal of the eu and one the uk i 'd not opposed to for other countries . 
  we joined the eu as a trade union and it has morphed into far more than that . 
  which is fine . 
  its current structure however does not support a federalist state at all . 
  it is simply not democratically transparent enough to be integrates . 
  the monetary union is useless without a fiscal policy union and schengen suffers without a unified federal immigration policy . 
  the issue that some countries are raising of which the uk is just the most powerful is that not all countries want a monetary union or cede more power . 
  especially with the current structure of the eu a two tier system instead of trying to force everyone into integration would be a far greater system . 
  once you have a two tier system those countries most suited to integration can do so without being held back by countries where federalisation is not in their best interest . 
  you 're right apologies . 
  i 'll go tell the kiwi i live with she 's not real . 
  tell him to apply where he is or send them to portugal . 
  they want more in portugal but weirdly none of them want to go . 
  germany does n't like us because we commonly vote against things germany likes like a monetary union and super integration via schengen and the euro despite us warning them about having an undemocratic eu that was set up as a trade zone 40 years ago and needs to change and we 're thinking that having a monetary union without a fiscal policy union was retarded and schengen was dumb especially with the current migrant crisis , grexit and even our own referendum needing to happen before we even get the tiniest scraps of re-organisation of the eu . 
  if you think of the uk as the opposition party that wants to do things slightly different than the rest of the eu as they think its better in the long run , and then ensure they continually lose despite us having valid arguments you end up where we are now . 
  uk , germany and france !, 
  even ukip said they 're happy with skilled migration just not unskilled migration undercutting the british working class and dragging wages down . 
  london would still get the people they want . 
  so if we leave they 're basically going to beat up greece ? 
  well one and a half if you count the tories . 
  mate no one thinks this one guy on reddit holds public opinion on all of denmark . 
  you 're correct about the waste storage but the other way to look at this is as a transitional period from fossil fuels to a nuclear/renewable hybrid then solely renewable would be a more realistic approach . 
  i think you 'd need to wean economies off their reliance on fossil fuels via nuclear expansion before jumping to renewables only . 
  i note you keep saying this about the uk remaining in the eu but i do n't see how the euro expansionism is a good thing g for the uk to remain . 
  people are against the eu here because we view the eu as too expansionist ans causing issues because of this . 
  what would you say are other ways to manager our energy dependencies ? 
  nuclear appears to be one of the few energy sources that can be created in house the.only downside is finding the uranium and risk management, 
  is anything really going to change unless someone does something though ? 
  this is what most of the uk would probably be ok with . 
  it 's just never offered . 
  the eu ca n't keep pushing integration forever like it wants to unless it gets serious reform . 
  im nit saying it should n't federalise but in its current state it just wo n't be able to do this . 
  just join the french foreign legion . 
  ` round up le rosbif , i feel like a feast ' is apparently going to be europe 's reaction the second we leave . 
  straight to the planes/boats with the lot of us . 
  politics of fear on both sides is ridiculous, 
  i am an idiot . 
  still i think it applies vice versa . 
  but we will see i guess . 
  jesus christ what a load of reactionary bullcrap . 
  more than likely we 'll just let them stay . 
  we 're not going to kick them out all at once or something at all, 
  you can not refuse entry to your own citizens it is illegal to make someone stateless under international law . 
  you can detain them but this relies on actually catching them first . 
  aw but union would be stable and powerful ... and we ca n't allow that can we ? 
  oh he 's joking , we like winding you lot up . 
  border control is far too much . 
  it 's why cameron never asked for it . 
  it would just be a failure and give more fire to the leave campaign . 
  uk elections are always on a thursday . 
  we do n't want to stop the federalisation of europe . 
  we just do n't want to be included in it . 
  this is better for both parties . 
  we 'd actually probably be ok with it then i guess ... 
  the tears are delicious .
