  the issue is i feel the eu either needs to move faster towards its federalisation goal to be better integrated and work together or at least create some form of two tier system so those countries that wish to do that would be able to . 
  i 'd vote remain in an instant if they agreed a two tier system instead of these watered down proposals we get , i 'd even accept a hong kong/macau style option where we are different but together and it 's not being looked at . 
  look at the us system for their various states , several states actually cost more money than they make but are supported by the fiscal unity of the us government , richer people pay for poorer ones and the whole thing works [ to a degree ] europe needs to adopt this system or a variation of it much faster or it 'll break apart before it 's ready . 
  the richer eu countries need to be prepared to take a hit to support the poorer ones and it 's not happened , they hung greece by the balls for it . 
  the eu is horrendously inflexible and even these crisises it keeps getting hit with are n't helping it adapt correctly , it views watering down or altering the fundemental european treaty as somehow killing the eu when in all practically it needs to be overhauled massively in some way . 
  i think it 's a tad unfair to not admit that this is how those international areas would interpret the invitation . 
  that 's why no one else was insane enough to suggest such a thing . 
  we could swap them for some french prisoners we do n't want ? 
  it 'd be like top trumps but for criminals . 
  and just like that no one has to take him seriously anymore . 
  i do n't think you understand what schengen is at all . 
  and to you . 
  honestly while the uk is getting dumped on a lot by europe i do like the union and what it represents . 
  i believe it 's honestly a force for good . 
  it just does n't work for the uk and we 'll be fine without it . 
  you need the eu because otherwise russia and china are.positioned to take your interests . 
  we 're the 6th largest economy on the planet . 
  good fucking luck to china and russia but we do n't need the eu the same way you do . 
  no its not . 
  we 're not part of schengen . 
  you 're wrong . 
  we 're not a part of schengen . 
  you 're not awful all the time either , you 're mostly likeable i suppose . 
  if we could rig the us election we definitely would n't have let leave win in ours . 
  it does n't specify how at the moment . 
  i 'd assume membership subs of something, 
  the petition implies a cost associated, 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  this is rather brilliant , thank you for this :p, 
  we picked good on the anthem i 'll agree with hat . 
  federalist desires increase every listen only to be deflated when the council tries to organise anything . 
  it 's a joke regarding an american election scandal, 
  ireland might want a word first . 
  most people i know are looking at netherlands , france and germany . 
  nearly everyone who can get out wants out . 
  i 'm currently looking at my escape plan and what i need to study to be competitive in the job market but if i have to say i 'm european before being british i 'm more than ok with that . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  jokes on her we have n't planned a damn thing in our history !, 
  it 's just a series of us accidentally doing the right thing !, 
  watch this space and i 'll let you know when my government decides to start trying again ... 
  even russia would n't want turkey to have us nukes . 
  ankara would be a rubble and a memory before that happened . 
  well of course that was n't happening . 
  we were doing that instead to everyone else . 
  we were not the good guys of history . 
  my hope is after brexit the eu will start brandishing knives and show solidarity to strengthen the eu than risk it further destabilising . 
  britain was one of the dominant forces on the planet and we 've been at war with nearly every country on earth . 
  the usa currently has the most powerful military on earth and is continously getting involved with wars all over the world . 
  peace through strength is an illusion and you are a fool . 
  nah i 'm ok with it  it 's something i will expect . 
  i voted remain in the end so i think a lot of what we can do is just laugh . 
  yeah we 're going to deserve everyone one of those . 
  mij nederlands is slecht :(, 
  this brexit thing is going to be like ` dont mention the war ' but for english people is n't it ? 
  brexit made me realise how much i loved being part of the european community and also made me want to learn dutch ... 
  i think that for what cameron wanted and what cameron got the difference was massive . 
  it was also far less then what the british electorate were expecting to get . 
  in places he did surprise me when we got exceptions from ever closer union etc but the fundamentals were based around immigration the protectiona of the city of london looked good for people who were already pro- - remain but if you were going to vote leave or were unsure and your worry was immigration he effectively did n't get much . 
  the issue is i think that both sides negotiated from the perspective brexit would n't really happen . 
  hence the belief that we did n't get much despite the fact that we actually sid get some huge concessions . 
  it just was n't concessions for things that worried the unsure and the leave voters . 
  more like the steel bitch . . 
  give it another 20-30 years for the last of our baby boomers to die off and we 'll be looking at coming back in i sincerely hope . 
  unless we pull a political miracle and somehow never trigger article 50, 
  thanks . 
  i really need one right now . 
  they should go . 
  there 's nothing left for them here anymore . 
  savage . 
  my facebook is a mix of scared and sad posts and joking `` this is fine '' comics . 
  honestly no idea how this is all going to go down . 
  you have no idea . 
  it 's an absolute shitshow up and down the country . 
  goodnight europe . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  it is not a holiday or a day off . 
  everything is still open . 
  the polls are open from 7am to 10pm however which does give people quite a lot of time . 
  the reason it 's a thursday is because all elections in the uk are traditionally held on thursday . 
  i will be up all night if it helps ? 
  it 's also wrong, 
  we 'll i completely misunderstood that . 
  still i got to vent which is nice . 
  why ? 
  surely it 's more ridiculous that a party that got 17 % of votes in a general election got less than 1 % of the seats in parliament ? 
  surely it 's ridiculous that the uk and the eu can both let the situation deteriorate between them so badly that a party like ukip can gain that support ? 
  surely it 's ridiculous that a one issue party can scare the leading centre right party so badly they try calling a referendum on the issue to shut them up . 
  surely it 's ridiculous that a government fully in control of the facts and knowledge would give such an important decision to the people who are ill-informed mis-informed uninterested and confused about the issue in order to take blame off themselves no matter what decision is made ? 
  it 's ridiculous the leading opposition are so embroiled in their own infighting they ca n't get their shit together to push for remain ? 
  the entire fucking thing is ridiculous . 
  ukip should n't have gotten one seat regardless of their idiot views but the european referendum has already gone right off the deep end . 
  not enough people know how the eu works and all anyone is hearing is how absolutely fucked they are either way . 
  goddamnit i 'm pissed off about this whole stupid business . 
  ukip did have millions of.votes their support wad spread out across so many constituencies that they barely got any seats . 
  the danger is the vote done by the referendum does n't have this problem . 
  every vote counts the same . 
  one of the things we do exceptionally well is intelligence and security . 
  i 'd be very disappointed if we no longer worked with europol , we 'll have to see how the die falls i guess . 
  build some houses , sky scrapers and decent public transport and dublin would look glorious .
