  we did n't get much at all . 
  the greatest thing we got was the exemption ti ever closer union . 
  according to most europeans in this thread we got an outrageously good deal from trying to stay . 
  there 's no.really evidence the eu can fuck us economically or we 're lacking in political will . 
  i was not aware of this what special treatment is this ? 
  i thought they were basically germanys junior partner in all this . 
  your right we should have been able to discuss it before with the eu but unfortunately it came to this !, 
  ww3 declared immediately after brexit . 
  russia sweeps the east and britain moves in on france . 
  all because we voted leave . 
  if anything it 'd practically guarantee a brexit, 
  i think it was easier and looked more politically palatable to make the uk.go out and make the eu change fir us instead . 
  plus this way we get to protect british citizens who are used to benefits while preventing outside immigration in . 
  from a political perspective making the eu change for us is a much bigger coup, 
  but guys ca n't you see how the euro brings everyone.closer ? 
  ignore greece they had it coming !, 
  stupid olive pickers ... 
  you need counterweights in a board though . 
  if all you have are yes men you tend to make awful decisions . 
  they should . 
  we can do it because we are powerful . 
  the eu needs these types of discussions and power brokers to continue or it 'll eventually become a tyranny of the power 3 of germany france and the uk . 
  fucking savage mate . 
  have n't seen it put this bluntly yet . 
  while this would make sense i think the response ` bring it and see how far you get ' would be the cities response . 
  having the financial capital of the world in your country gives us ridiculously unfair leverage . 
  pretty much . 
  the uk regards it 's military and many it 's navy highly . 
  the recent government has committed to spending 2 % of its gdp on it now so we 're look at ramping up capabilities . 
  after iraq alot of it got a rehaul . 
  the uk has always been against a central european army mainly because we do n't trust the eu to fully protect our interests if we cede control of the military to it . 
  the uk has a vat of 20 % , it was 17.5 % until 2011 . 
  i think they said `` lord west ca n't be with us for obvious reasons ' after the nuclear strike on the naval group , i think his duties were elsewhere because of that ? 
  i agree the lib dem lady was perhaps a bit too bleeding heart over the whole thing but it 's nice to see these taken with a degree of seriousness . 
  i think part of the argument was not immediate retaliation . 
  the destruction of london and uk population centres does n't prevent trident , which is partly why trident is such a strong weapon for the uk military , you can not target it , it is always active . 
  i would have been curious to see if there was a vote to fire trident in the event nuclear weapons had been confirmed to destroy london . 
  i am however on the side that we should have fired immediately regardless as a way to show the rest of the world that mad doctrine must be followed but i suppose that 's clearly just one opinion . 
  i do n't think anyone in the eu would get called a province of the uk of all places . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_burn_centers_in_the_united_states for this burn https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/452j10/yanis_varoufakis_launches_paneuropean_leftwing/czutqip, 
  no one mention spetznaz to him ... 
  why is that out of curiosity ? 
  i would have thought that germany massive export surplus and quality of life with high cost of living would allow a decent wage . 
  the government wants this . 
  if i can sneak this in past the rise of uk nationalism into european ones it would make integration with the continent a damn sight easier, 
  the fact that both sides complain the bbc is biased almost certainly means they 've got a good balance . 
  here is a guardian article on the child benefit issue , they are keen to point out it is on 0.3 % of the child benefit cost . 
  i am not disagreeing that the child benefits situation is relatively minor compared to other grips we have with the eu system . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jan/20/david-cameron-close-to-eu-deal-on-child-benefits i was going to link the daily mail but that gets the comment deleted i have now discovered , i did want to include it to show the fervour of the right about this issue but i 'm sure you can find it with a quick google , but essentially the idea is that we could link child benefits to cost of living to reduce the amount paid to people collecting outside he uk . 
  like i said i 'm not here to overall argue about the eu and welfare policy . 
  i do believe the eu needs reform but i do n't think that the child benefit issue is a big part . 
  it 's just one people are point too that just does n't make any sense . 
  that 's what the eu reforms were trying to do and they had to be argued down to giving overseas benefits based on cost of living in those countries . 
  that 's why the uk is n't too pleased . 
  poland called it discrimination !, 
  there 's a reason the uk is eurosceptic, 
  i know it 's note what this topic is about but i clarified when you were querying if you were asking if child benefits were in a divorce situation . 
  child benefits are given to families in the uk as well , we ca n't scrap it because other people have learnt how to loophole the issue , but we ca n't change the way it works without becoming discriminatory apparently . 
  it 's not a divorce situation , there has been a problem with people immigrating within the eu for child benefits and collecting them to send to their families they are still married to back in their home countries because it goes further there . 
  the uk is obviously not pleased that people are taking the uk child benefit money and sending it to other countries when these families are n't even entirely within the uk . 
  the entire thing is overblown and is a small side matter to our larger welfare pull but it is fair to seek a way to reduce it . 
  this is ridiculous even the uk does n't believe the germans are trying to set up the 4th reich and we do n't even particularly like the eu, 
  why does everyone go for the nazi camp thing on this sub i never suggested anything of the sort and do n't act like i 'd even consider it . 
  not to mention taking all these people and putting them in camps with each other would completely destroy the point of trying to get them to integrate anyway . 
  i do n't know . 
  at the end of the day i was arguing that integration should n't be solely down to the individual but also encourage by society and the government . 
  the uk government has started targeting muslim women for english lessons as a way of encouraging them to integrate better with society and learn the language . 
  this is a very tiny example but i 'm more saying that we should n't just expect people to integrate governments should be actively working towards it . 
  yes and no . 
  the individual should try and integrate but you ca n't exactly expel people from the country if they fail to do so . 
  the issue is obviously more prevalent among minority communities which are slower to integrate but trying to combat it tends to get people shot down with shouts of racism and islamiphobia . 
  all the communities need to be more open to criticism . 
  this is a muslim problem not a patriarchal problem . 
  we need to help integrate muslims into modern british values not all men . 
  it 's amazing how many people are accusing us of wanting to bring back the empire with this referendum, 
  no a terror attack would definitely swing that . 
  it would just suck . 
  i think i misinterpreted your comment as wanting a terror attack to swing it . 
  that was my mistake . 
  the british have voted to leave the eu before , we voted to remain , referendums have been quite rare . 
  the uk has an extremely opposing viewpoint to the eu in regards to greater integration , schengen and the eurozone , things that the eu are actively trying to improve and move europe closer towards , if we ca n't continue a relationship based on that ideal it makes sense to consider our membership . 
  i would much rather a two tier system for the eu or creating a hong kong/macau situation for the uk that way we would have to shut up and the eu gets to federalize or whatever it wants . 
  that 's an awful thing to say . 
  i would rather the uk leave the eu for the genuine reasons laid out than as a snap reaction to a one off event . 
  [ morris dancing !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sarac2_ow2k ), 
  are you suggesting that this level of migration would have happened anyway ? 
  preposterous the people smugglers still had to persuade people it was worth the journey and that people could get entry the second merkel open the gates it become so much easier to do this . 
  the amoubt of migrants and refugees willing to try the crossing would have increase because of this . 
  im not saying we should have abandoned the border countries but germanies decision to declare they would take everyone effectively fucked the entire eu over , it was ridiculous to assume you could take that many people , the issue did n't take pressure off the border countries it exacerbated the issue by becoming a bigger draw ane increasing the inflow of migrants, 
  that we know of . 
  no of course not everything needs the eus oversight the issue is the big things require better consensus among everyone on how to deal with them . 
  i like the eu and there are obvious benefits i just do n't think they 're the be all and end all and the eu needs to be more open to it 's criticism . 
  i like concession and compromise . 
  it 's really the only way politics works , both sides will mostly have good arguments , it 's just the eu is fairly terrible at it . 
  part of the issue is that the eu is not great at working together and has n't been good at working on this ever closer union . 
  it keeps shooting itself in the foot . 
  it can be argued both ways . 
  the uk and others warned that a fiscal union without unified fiscal policy amoung countries would lead to problems we were outvoted and grexit happened . 
  the uk and other countries warned the schengen would lead to longer term problems and should be considered more carefully and we were outvoted and now the refugee/immigrant crisis .
