  you are depending on an external force , which has it 's own interests which will always precede yours . 
  i mean , this was something the uk was afraid of , and we all know they 're usa 's big pal while you 're just a classmate . 
  i am not in favor of a more centralized eu because that means my poor portugal will benefit from your rich denmark . 
  i obviously admire denmark 's quality of life and well being , but it 's more than that : think how limited is your influence and control and intervention on world affairs if you are just by yourself . 
  i think your reasoning is flawed because truth is the eu does not really have the power to address this issues ( as well as it does not have the power to address ukrainian , action against russia , etc ) . 
  [ when it comes to foreign affairs eu institutions can not bypass national policies ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/blog/when-it-comes-to-foreign-affairs-eu-institutions-cannot-replace-national-policies/ ) . 
  what you are actually arguing is currently , the eu has to be a set of compromises between independent national interests . 
  this makes it slow and `` incompetent '' , i agree with you . 
   and i am against that because denmark does n't want the same thing as sweden or luxembourg . 
  this is true only to some extent . 
  i understand you have your own values and interests and identity , but part of of them are belonging to a safe geopolitical region , having a strong military force protecting you and provide your economy with space to freely and securely trade with nearby regions . 
  nato ( or the usa ) will never have the same set of interests as we have in europe . 
  i am , as a portuguese , much more concerned with what happens in france or germany or denmark than any american will ever be , as you are necessary to my geopolitical and economic stability . 
  for example , [ uk 's nuclear weapons program was seen as necessary in case the soviet union believed that it could threaten nuclear attack on western europe without the risk of us retaliation , because of us fears of a soviet counter-strike against its own population centers . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_trident_programme#cold_war_policy ) this , between two extremely closed allies . 
  it 's funny you say that , because that is precisely what varoufakis said happened ( [ source ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/world-affairs/2015/07/exclusive-yanis-varoufakis-opens-about-his-five-month-battle-save-greece ) ) :  very powerful figures look at you in the eye and say ` you 're right in what you 're saying , but we 're going to crunch you anyway ' . '', 
  in portugal it 's called - get ready for a big one - ornitorrinco . 
  he is expressing an opinion , and one to which i agree . 
  first , this being easy or hard to do is very relative : is it easier to do this or deal with millions of migrants on the schengen space ? 
  would it be easier for france/germany/denmark / everybody else to support refugee camps in border countries or have to deal themselves with an influx at their borders and reallocation in their territory ? 
  is n't this a perfect example where not stopping , talking and agreeing to something in prole of an ideological false fear of hegemony just makes it worse for everybody ? 
  second , italy for example has been for a long time asking for financial aid for the migrants arriving at their borders , which i think is extremely fair , and where the overall eu response was extremely selfish and short-minded . 
  i do n't think any country , or group of countries , would deny refugee camps in their territory provided they would receive the fair financial aid from the eu - which would greatly simplify the problem and be a relatively small burden , while guaranteeing these people a decent quality of life and being easy to relocate them to their origin when possible . 
   the sane policy would be to only allow applying for asylum when passing directly from a country at war . 
  but then the peripheral countries would have to carry the entire burden of the immigrant flux , not to mention how the schengen space would make this hard to enforce ( i know asylum seekers are only provided social benefits in the country they applied for asylum on , but imagine they all went to greece , if they 're unemployed there they might as well be unemployed anywhere ) . 
  all capitals on europe are special for a reason . 
  all of them have their own special charme . 
  there is such a wide range of attitudes and friendliness and vibes that is very hard to answer this . 
  you should put both your professional options first . 
  whichever places you think you can get a big paycheck as related to the lifestyle of the city you are living in would eventually be a better option . 
  do n't go somewhere you 're really not feeling like , but do n't forget money ends up facilitating a lot your experience . 
  traveling in europe is really easy and cheap , and distances say you can do it over a weekend , so you can do it often . 
  even for a country in the periphery , like portugal , to one close to russia , like warsaw , takes around 4 hours . 
  a flight from portugal to germany can easily be get for around $ 80 , even bought on a rush hardly more than $ 120 . 
  use the good money you 're making to travel around . 
  you will like experiencing all , some you 'll like , some you 'll love . 
  your experience will always be very dependent on the people you meet and the friendships you make , but if planning on staying for a few years there no reason not to move after a while . 
  there is the stereotype that people create more proximity in the south of europe hehe , i ca n't not see a little bit of true there , but irony of ironies , i 'm portuguese and one of my best friends is danish . 
  i love that guy . 
  and i would love to leave somewhere in scandinavia for a few years . 
  dude it 's an adventure . 
  maybe you will love it maybe you will hate it . 
  but from the amazing decision of doing something like this with your girlfriend , do n't overthink it too much . 
  find somewhere you think you like , and just go . 
  maybe i 'll meet you around here someday . 
  what you mean ? 
  for the construction ? 
  i do n't know the values . 
  probably some . 
  but i think that detaches the discussion from the important point , which is that around 15 % of the energy consumed in the country had it 's origins in renewable sources . 
  no , i would never support it , but i would equally despise my government if it used them as a tool to serve it 's own political agenda . 
  acts of violence should always be condemned , and terrorism controlled . 
  with this said , erdogan 's turkey has been a sad democratic exercise , from the peace talks to the later elections , and he is in great part to blame for recent instability in turkey , with pkk being often a political tool for it 's own interests . 
  for example ( [ source ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2015/10/turkey-isis-russia-pkk/408988/ ) ) ,  given the political consolidation of the turkish kurds under the hdp ] that made erdogan being the big looser of summer 's elections ] ( ... ) in september , the government enforced a week-long curfew ; shut down electricity , internet , and phone access ; and sent in thousands of troops and police to cizre , a kurdish-majority town of 130,000 on the turkish-syrian-iraqi border , before security forces could establish a tenuous hold on the area . 
  imagine what the result of the next elections was . 
  it 's an effective political strategy , to bomb your opponents . . 
  i was talking about value by society , not actual % of higher education . 
   anedoctal also , emphasis on this  but thanks for the link , i had no idea . 
  quite interesting . 
  ow ok , sorry for misinterpreting you  i obviously agree with you . 
  the problem i think is that the word ` superstate ' scares people . 
  i do n't think you will need ( or even that you should ) loose your individual political and social individuality and sovereignty . 
  i just think these should exist inside a strong economical , political and influential group that can realistic fight for that individuality and sovereignty . 
  no , you did not . 
  great britain chased nuclear power to maintain it 's status quo . 
  you were a strong supporter of the invasion of afghanistan and later iraq for influence . 
  you are part of possibly the [ strongest group of allies in the world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/five_eyes ) , of which the `` unchallenged world super power '' is part . 
  regarding sweden and the us you are mixing two things . 
  would i rather the living standards of sweden , unquestionably , but i argue that has more to do with society 's ( european ? ), 
  values , distribution of wealth , etc. 
  it 's just a nicer place to be . 
  but geo-politically , the us is much more capable and much more likely to maintain it 's status quo as an influencial , high gdp per capita nation than sweden , and that is also unquestionable . 
  my argument is towards a compromise . 
  a sweden with it 's living standards and political and social individuality , part of a strong and influential group that can fight to maintain those standards . 
  quick example : do n't you think a unified answer regarding border control and north africa/middle east emigration would suit everybody better , when italy was asking for support ? 
  we have and want free movement and open borders but when something happens in a corner the solution is fuck you , handle it yourself ? 
  that does not make any sense . 
  then you are discarding the importance of political and economic influence . 
  having foreign influence and guarding your interest is paramount to everybody , but whether you like it or not , you can not compete in political influence or commerce or workforce or population or through pure financial tools with the usa or china by yourself . 
  and india is also there looking at you too . 
  mate , i live in la. 
  come here and talk to these folks about healthcare and state pensions , and then they will laugh , and then they will punch you in the face . 
  i am exaggerating , but it 's definitely different . 
  from my anecdotal experience , even higher education ( masters , phd ) is seen differently . 
  the times i have heard `` kid wanted to go to college , should start working like his brother did '' . 
  in europe , i find higher education to be more valued by society in general . 
  i am portuguese . 
  i have been in the czech republic , poland , slovenia , hungary and romania . 
  i partied like i do in portugal . 
  portugal is a really friendly country . 
  on the country side or on a big city people will be friendly and receptive to tourists wandering around . 
  in the country side you will have more contact with older people than with younger ones , so english will be a barrier . 
  you will be able to get around and ask for markets and do your shopping etc , but the language will be a barrier if you want meet the locals . 
  this is true pretty much anywhere in europe . 
  ow i would n't call you northerner :d i was thinking somewhere in scandinavia . 
  you will be alright with english pretty much anywhere in portugal . 
  if you want party and clubs and get drunk in a touristic environment , algarve . 
  if you want nice beaches and sightseeing on a more quieter environment , [ costa vicentina ] ( https://www.inntravel.co.uk/holidays/walking-holidays/portugal/along-the-costa-vicentina ) . 
  [ absolutely gorgeous ] ( http://www.ecotoursportugal.com/userfiles/image/blog/costa-vicentina/my-travel-notes-travelling-through-costa-vicentina-1.jpg ) . 
  if you want more of a cultural holliday , definitely lisbon and porto , and braga and guimar\u00e3es are two adorable small cities if you find the time .
