  ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/obama-attacks-support-child-killing-tyrant-assad-144429965.html ), 
   there is a reason i am an eu federalist , i believe that the average europeans best interests would be served with a powerful and united federal europe rather than a disjointed western world and a hegemonic us . 
  that is n't to say i hate the us or any of that nonesense , they are britains biggest ally and i love my bro 's from across the pond . 
  i just think that europe should be the master of its own destiny . 
  let me start by saying i absolutely agree with this . 
  but  yeah because of russia 's insistence on invading bordering countries let 's agree the us , alone , plays a major role in holding nato together and in keeping it as a military super group . 
  there is a current stability which is highly dependent upon them . 
  sweden is considering joining it , for example . 
   they helped out britain france and germany a number of times in the last 60 years or so . 
  in some instances rather spectacularly . 
  that is true , but i argue that help always served high us interests , both during wwii and during the cold war , always with high profit for them . 
  this is not to say the us does not play with others . 
  but let me recall uk 's trident program had as one of the motivations the concern the us would not come in uk aid in case of a nuclear attack from the ussr . 
  in no way i am arguing against the usa . 
  very far from that . 
  it 's just that europe 's interests are much closer together . 
  if anything else , for geopolitical reasons . 
  but this is something we agree on . 
  mate . 
  i just meant they both used the isis excuse to attack al-nusra and pkk , respectively . 
  ow please . 
  rich people 's crime is boring . 
  too much paperwork . 
  we want to see blood and shotguns and car chases . 
  i 'll give you my take on this . 
  background : i am currently living in south california , have studied in minneapolis for 6 months , have traveled around usa a bit . 
  i have also been in a big part of european countries . 
  there is a bit of an american stereotype of being a consumerist everybody-for-itself country and a military bully , yes . 
  this is far from being european . 
  and there is also an european stereotype in america of being socialist and full of governmental bureaucrats . 
  i have seen them both . 
  this has never interfered with my relation with americans . 
  i have always been welcomed and love to hangout with my american friends . 
  i have never been in the ` southern states which are hardcore ' , according to my american friends . 
  hehe  sometimes you find a crazy guy here and there , but overall , i love being here and always had good experiences . 
  i am sure you will have the same experience in europe . 
  do n't be afraid of saying you are from the usa , there 's no need to . 
  be honest , be nice . 
  empathy is contagious . 
  i partly answered this in the previous answer . 
  i fucking loved minneapolis . 
  even during the winter . 
  that really says a lot . 
  there is nothing wrong in saying your grand grand father came from ireland , and you still have a pipe he gave you . 
  this is funny and interesting . 
  but you 're not damn irish . 
  you were born in a different culture , the only access you have to the irish culture is through the simpsons specials . 
  it is dumb to claim otherwise . 
  this not about americans , this is true for everybody . 
  you are from the place you were raised in . 
  very good advice has been given here . 
  if you can , come for a month and get an interrail pass . 
  i really like this suggestion : london , paris , hamburg , barcelona , rome , florence , budapest , warsaw , lisbon , copenhagen , prague , amsterdam . 
  however , one interesting thing you can do is to visit a few south european countries ( portugal , spain , france , greece , italy , ... ) , central european countries ( austria , germany , belgium , netherlands , ... ) , eastern europe ( poland , romania , czech republic , ... ) , and northern europe ( finland , sweden , denmark , ... ) . 
  visiting these four groups you will see these have different vibes and it 's very funny to experience that . 
  right now isis is more of an excuse than a problem , at least for turkey and russia . 
  and overtime they 'll change it to a never ending proxy war by militarily supporting assad and let them crushing each other for ever . 
  as [ hmunkey ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/hmunkey ) said this works for moscow because they keep their influence and the stability of the region does n't really matter . 
  and as powerful as isis might be a military power like russia will crush them if needed . 
   lowest crime rates in the world -  not true at all . 
  we are currently in the top 10 of the lowest rates , we ca n't possibly have the lowest crime rates when there are countries like monaco that rarely have any crime . 
  i think that even if you # 10 but on top of you are countries like liechtenstein , monaco , iceland or singapore etc you can easily consider yourself as having some of the `` lowest crime rates in the world '' . 
  these are so special almost should not be part of the ranking . 
  it absolutely ~ ~ can be ~ ~ is . 
  [ \\ [ 1 \\ ] ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eurozone-bailouts-idusbre9410cg20130502 ) [ \\ [ 2 \\ ] ] ( http://www.wsj.com/news/articles/sb10001424052702304803104576427971253989738 ), 
  [ neutrality does not mean demilitarization . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_redoubt_ ( switzerland ) ), 
  you are downvoted , but you are correct . 
  the problem is not the migrants . 
  european politicians will always do whatever it takes to remain regional powers rather than concede power to a centralized institution . 
  the interest never was , and will never be , what is best for the people of europe . 
  haha you are a hell of a funny man . 
  can we be mates ? 
  i think it is also perceived as being against capitalism , which together with the current negative opinion and resentment towards ` the system ' plays a part in the people 's heads . 
  i 'll live it like this given the subjectivemos of the matter . 
  regarding socialism , it is not by being privately owned . 
  monarchies and nobility had privately owned land ( which was mostly means of production ) and those were n't socialist societies . 
  in socialism means of production are not privately owned and they are subject to ** democratic ** mechanisms . 
  if the state does not express the will of the people , like on an oligarchy like russia than those are not socialist societies . 
  they 're authoritarian . 
  the notion of ` authoritarian socialism ' would only appear when journalism and the intellectual elite tried to describe the new ussr and maos china etc , does n't fit in the original social theory , hence my point about ` politization ' of the term ( this was not only a western phenomenon , the east and asia also tried to support an authoritarian regime through supposed socialist ideologies , originating leninism or maoism for example , but in either case the original notion in socialism was deformed somehow ) . 
  sorry for the bad writing , i 'm on my phone , 
  not disagreeing with you , i would make to points . 
  the first one is that it 's important to have a notion of the politicization of the word ` socialism ' to refer to the ` socialist states ' . 
  socialism became a synonym of autocratic , centra-party extremely oppressive nations like ussr , china or venezuela , even though by definition it does not imply them . 
  therefore , when one talks about socialism one must make clear if he his using its politicized definition or the original social theory . 
  on the other side , even within its original context , one concern was to provide an alternative to the ( existant or perceived , let 's not start that discussion now ) threats of capitalism , thus it capitalizes from the growing discomfort or even anger against the current neoliberal ( capitalistic ) agenda . 
  it is then easy to see how a state with a strong well-fare system , such as you find in scandinavia , facilitate an association with socialism , which is not completely wrong . 
  i am sorry for highjacking this thread but i was following your replies and i seem to agree with you to an extent with which i generally do n't agree with anyone . 
  namely , that power has a central tendency to consolidate itself , and as long as there are vertical social arrangements , whose vehicles of power can be social arrestment , control of means of production or land or trade , or like you explain money ( through which western modern power structures materialize ) , there will always be a gravitation towards their consolidation and expansion which , as you point out , will grow exponentially in effect . 
  furthermore , since through power you can with great extent manipulate public opinions , there will always be access to available mechanism to dilated power through the elasticity inherent on public opinion . 
  emphasis on always . 
  for example , 100 % inheritance tax falls short as a control mechanism ( my fathers ' real state have been in the family for so 10 generations and they are sentimental ok ? ), 
  or higher education ( it 's easy to imagine , for example , shifts in economic theory or social ethics ) . 
  it seems than the aim should then be in a social compositions without vertical arrangements , with an equal horizontal distribution of power , something anarco-sindicalism seems to touch , by suggesting means of productions owned by their workers though labour units or other type of syndicates , and cooperative productive units composed of specialists and representatives of workers in each field to negotiate and manage the economy and the society . 
  i have n't read anything serious on this subject , but they 're on the pipeline . 
  do you happen to have any opinion on this ? 
  not wanting to extend myself much further , you say ` recent developments have shown ' . 
  out of mere curiosity , could you provide some examples . 
  cheers,
