but petrol is a much better lubricant than gas . 
  controlling engine temperature is relatively easy , controlling the lubrication power of the fuel is not . 
  for three main reasons : in europe at least , diesel is much cheaper . 
  diesel engines can not rev as much as a petrol engine ( top is usually around 4.5 , 5 thousand rpm ) , and have more torque at lower rpm , so they consume less . 
  and third , the fact that they do not rev as much , and petrol is a much better lubricant , engines typically last longer . 
  hey . 
  take it easy . 
  is n't cgd loosing money with a cheaper sale ( and that is why the government is now talking about reviving it and selling it later at a better price ) ? 
  ( i could have written something more constructive instead of mongo bongo . 
  hehe . 
  i 'll give you that . ), 
  that is something you will find everywhere on europe . 
  edit : and far from being unseen in the states . 
  we all know the `` no tax payers money will go to ges '' is just political mongo bongo . 
  that 's just what it is . 
  i do agree we should be pushing for more governmental transparency and denouncing private-government love affairs . 
  portugal , mainly the north , is incredibly similar to galicia . 
  even the spanish they speak is very similar to portuguese . 
  the similarities go down geographically : the center of portugal is very similar to extremadura in spain ( funny , the center of portugal is called estremadura ) . 
  the upper right corner of spain , catalonia , has a spanish which is for a portuguese ( and for a spanish , depending on his origin ) hard to understand , because it is very similar to french . 
  latin countries in general are very similar . 
  portugal , spain , france , italy , greece , have similar life styles , similar types of food , similar cultures . 
  cities in these countries have a familiar latino `` feel '' that i ca n't really explain . 
  there are small things like these everywhere in europe . 
  for example , the german spoken in bavaria ( south of germany ) similar to austria . 
  but there is something much more funnier than that . 
  as someone lucky enough to have travel a lot throughout the world , and currently living in the states , europe has a `` feel '' of it 's own . 
  we are very different some times , have no doubt , but there is definitely an european mindset . 
  i will give you a small example . 
  i was recently with german friends here in the states , and it is just so funny that the things the germans they find weird and strange are exactly the same things i find weird and strange . 
  that is one of things that saddens me the most . 
  everything you hear about europe lately is about cultural and economic and political differences and how we just ca n't seem to get along . 
  but if you look at good old europe with a world-wide view , i promise , we are very similar in how we see the human condition , how our government have responsibilities , how we live our lives . 
  edit : i apologize for the political correctness . 
  i am aware the languages are different , and i know that is a sensible topic in spain . 
  i have to be honest though : in portugal , we always call it spanish . 
  we do are aware of it , but we just generalize . 
  it 's just one of those things . 
  i see this as extremely difficult to handle , as for the obvious reasons there is n't political will to do so . 
  it 's more than that . 
  vienna and berlin are calling for `` european solidarity '' while threatening to cut funds . 
  they are asserting dominance under the rationalization of solidarity . 
  fucking hilarious if you ask me . 
  you 're a cool guy . 
  i have never thought about it from the point of view that we are more used to multiculturality , which is interesting . 
  i also get your point about northern countries , which is perfectly understandable . 
  latino culture is much more relaxed and easy going , for the good and for the worse . 
  in their favor however , i have a few german friends and i always have a blast when i 'm with them . 
  as someone that travels a lot , trust me , you get a very different feeling if you are visiting a country as a tourist , or if you are there with a local . 
  as an european living in the states for a few years i completely agree with you , in which neither system is necessarily better or worse , and that americans in general have a good quality of life . 
  i want to return one day because you know , home is home . 
  but i love it here . 
  i have to be honest with you though , i feel like in general america is more narcissist . 
  of course there is an american stereotype in europe , lacking social health care and being a military bully and all that bla bla . 
  but when you are talking to an american about something in europe , they are so fast in immediately throw comparisons about this and that and how americans are this and that . 
  i feel that in europe people are more acceptable of the american system as just being different . 
  at least this is my anecdotal opinion , but i have shared it with friends that agree with me . 
  with this said the best thing in america are americans . 
  i love hanging out with my friends here . 
  good people live in this country , and with all this craziness , i do n't think we are as different as most people thinks we are . 
  this website is quite cool but man , i hate when these do not include portugal . 
  i think we are culturally quite similar to spain so i think we would have similar results . 
  also , apparently 30 % of american thing premarital sex is unacceptable . 
  haha . 
  as someone living in california , the only explanation i can find is that there are huge ideological differences among the 50 states . 
  i was talking about the fact that around 50 % of the voters does not care and does not vote , not on the biased media and the public misinformation ( which , i completely agree , is another serious problem ) . 
  i was unfair saying only the youth does not vote , but i do not agree with your view . 
  what about the youth that simple does not vote at all . 
  do you know through which time range is this money lost ? 
  that 's not clear to me . 
  the authors probably meant central as strong and/or influential . 
  this is like a kid behaving bad and making a big scene in a supermarket until you give him a toy . 
  ryanair is a really good choice ( you should get your tickets around 1,5 months in advance to get the best prices ) . 
  but that is my point alright . 
  the discussion should focus on wether we can or can not ( or want or want not , or should or should not , whatever ) take this people , instead of loosing time on all this rhetorical non-sense . 
  europe has a fair amount of migration itself . 
  for example , right now there are half a million portuguese people in france . 
  people have gone from ireland to ny , etc. 
  there is an attachment to your home country that probably does not exist in the us , true , but people go to where the opportunities are . 
  so what is the play here ? 
  we all know internet comments attract a very special type of people . 
  we are whiners [ alright ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mexico\u2013united_states_barrier#/media/file:tj_border_beach.jpg ) . 
  without defending any particular points , that mind set , which includes arguing why is there a war to run from , or if we should n't help them in their countries instead , is incredible counter-productive . 
  what do you think , that we are going to invade syria and make it politically stable , or force other middle-east countries to accept refugees ? 
  that will never happen or they do n't give a shit . 
  this is an european question , regarding it 's values and it 's political structure and unity ( or lack thereof ) . 
   starting to bring europe under one government i do n't think this ever happened , with some people actually arguing this absence is the main problem . 
  but that also happens inside the same country , sometimes with the society split literally in half . 
  i feel , under all my ignorance , that this decision shows such a big alienation by the government in understanding this crisis and mentality of a refugee . 
  they are running from a civil war , the insignificant part that is aware of this possible detention just does n't give a shit about it . 
  `` i can go to jail ? 
  wow there is no point then in leaving my destroyed house and run away with my hungry family from this war . '', 
   closer to the 19th century imperialism i have to say i do n't completely agree with this analogy , as your 21st century world is hard to imagine without close military powers . 
  that is just how humans are . 
  everything else , of course i agree with you . 
  we know south countries have mediterranean interests and close cultures and economies , the north countries similar security concerns concerns and central europe is economically powerful and wants to keep that way , and your good examples in the east and the uk is thinking on leaving . 
  that is why it 's so complicated . 
  everybody has it 's own national priorities and then neighboring priorities and than europe . 
  i just think that maybe there should be a common ground nevertheless . 
   many countries in the eu have a distorted view of the world i do not exactly know what you mean by this , but as far as i can see , is n't your view of nato ( and the usa as your bodyguard ) precisely a 19th century world view ?
