  no , wait , dozens . 
  a few . 
  all paid . 
  failed protest . 
  fake news . 
  i do n't deny that . 
  i 'm just saying that leaving out knowledge of these practices has visible effects on the self-awareness of society . 
  if you 're convinced you can do no wrong you 're never gon na think critically . 
  and i 'm not dutch so i know little about education there , 
   sure we have memory . 
  i 'm not sure we do . 
  schools do n't teach the important details of war well and people my age never really cared about those subjects . 
  we learn more about ancient greece than wwi and ii . 
  we are taught to memorize facts and formulas not how to solve problems . 
  we are taught how to read books and what are the only correct interpretations . 
  so you learn about wars but you 're not taught how exactly those situations come to fruition . 
  it 's almost like ` bad germans came , because evil hitler was born and he killed jews . 
  then russians came but they were also bad . 
  we were great , we tried to fight them off , we were such heroes . 
  let 's not talk about bad things we 've done , those are not important . ', 
  that 's why ` pok\u0142osie ' created such a scaldal . 
  most of us do n't realize what reality looked like . 
  therefore we do n't try to connect the causes to effects . 
  we 're not able to understand that good people can be persuaded to do horrible things . 
  we do n't realize that those things can happen to us . 
  it 's not like 100 years ago we were a different species with no empathy . 
  it 's sure easy to see it this way though . 
  therefore nationalists wearing patriotic symbols come out and attack foreigners and destroy property to ` defend the country ' . 
  i 'm symplifying this a lot of course . 
  but we 've seriously did n't pay enough attention to our education . 
  and now pis wants to screw it up even more . 
  cause knowledge is power - lets take it away then . 
  people without knowledge are easy to control . 
  and now people do n't understand what does it mean to loose the independence of judiciary . 
  they do n't want to see it . 
  it destroys the bubble they 're in . 
  the bubble in which we 're such a great nation , where eu is so wrong they want to destroy our values by poisnoning us with gay propaganda , making our women kill babies and sending us evil muslim invaders who will rape us and destroy our beautiful culture . 
  and those people who do n't agree with us ? 
  left scum . 
  worse sort of people ( exact quote ) . 
  communists . 
  it is true that pis has been elected by 37 % od people who went to vote . 
  but many people voted for kukiz who is very much close to pis in many ways they do n't want to admit . 
  others did n't care . 
  i know many people like that . 
  mostly young . 
  it pisses me off . 
  apparently it was too much trouble . 
  and now we 're here . 
  it 's time we stopped complaining and blaming each other . 
  there are protests all over country . 
  not much more we can do now but it 's still better than doing nothing . 
  if we 've learned anything from the past months with pis is that we should stop pointing fingers and start thinking how to fix things . 
  my biggest beef is with the misinformation and propaganda . 
  so many people do n't realize what is this fuss all about . 
  i personally know few people like that . 
  you present them with facts and they do everything in their power to twist them or label as fake because they 're full of hatred directed at the wrong people . 
  others prefer to shut their eyes and pretend nothing is going on . 
  how do you combat something like that ? 
   that is a bit overkill dont you think ? 
   both president and government can loose the elections if they are a faliure in governing . 
  so they can be pulled to anwser for their decisions ( via elections and loss of power ) no . 
  with that kind of power they can falsify elections with no effort . 
  or make them illegitimate . 
   who has the power to exrot responsibility from court and judicary system ? 
  for being ineffetive , or for harmfull decisions ? 
  currently no one . 
  which is the perfect breeding ground for coruption . 
  when have they been ineffective or harmful , please tell me . 
  how is this new solution not a definition of complete corruption ? 
   i dont think that this is a right and final solution ( what pis is doing ) but the situation needed to be changed . 
  judging from your other posts you applaud this decision . 
  also , yes , lets make judges completely dependant on the people in power , [ at least we 're doing something , right ? 
   the point is that current situation made judicary system separated - not only from government - but also from people . 
  so you 're saying the judges are not people . 
   the judges were the only ones electing another judges and the president . 
   and so created a system separated from the society . 
  so you think that a number of people very experienced and educated in the field of law are not the right ones to choose judges . 
  people whom are going to be affected by their decisions are the right ones though . 
  yes , you clearly understand the sepeartion of power very well . 
  i ca n't make you see if you decide to keep your eyes shut . 
  i suppose it 's easier to live this way . 
  until it screws you over though , but there 's always communists to blame , right ? 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  hereditary monarchy ? 
  point me to a western country that lets the suprime court judges be picked by one person from the legislative branch . 
  show me one that does n't respect the [ seperation of powers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/separation_of_powers ) . 
  who do you think this whole situation 's gon na benefit ? 
  people in power are now allowed to choose judges . 
  who is going to oppose them if they do something against the law if the judges are picked by them ? 
  what would happen if criminals were allowed to choose their judges ? 
  this is what 's happening . 
  and may i remind you that the suprime judge is allowed to determine the legitimacy of the elections . 
  and the elections are democracy . 
  and before you say things like ` they 're not gon na do something like this ' - they 've already done everything else people were sure they would n't . 
  lets not fool ourselves , they are doing everything they want . 
  they know they can . 
  who does this whole situation benefit ? 
  think, 
  goodbye separation of power .
