haha got ta love good old margot !, 
  we 'd probably assist russia if they invaded you , [ danskj\u00e4vel !, 
  ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/how+sweden+got+it+s+superior+society_47c150_4835193.png ), 
  we would n't get away with it that easily this time around though , and that would probably make a difference . 
  i have two jobs !, 
  that 's it !, 
  we are keeping sk\u00e5ne !, 
  you need to try harder in that case . 
  showing off as always , danskj\u00e4vlar !, 
  i like the system we have in sweden ( and in several other countries as well of course ) : you may write and say whatever you want , but you will also pay for the consequenses of your actions afterwards . 
  in that way you get to voice your opinion and if it breaks any laws you get punished , but nobody is entitled to keep you from saying or doing anything . 
  that 's the big question i guess : is it still a democracy if you remove the possibility to remove democracy itself ? 
  well , censuring ones opinions no matter how horrible they are , is not a democratic solution either . 
  ^ this is beautiful !, 
  and now we war !, 
  france has gone mad ... time to get that nordic union idea going !, 
  gosh , what are we gon na do next , let them hand out our nobel prizes ?!, 
  wait a minute ... 
  the only thing i see here is that denmark snagged the first place . 
  and i do n't like it !, 
  well , it 's pretty much a tradition nowadays . 
  it ai n't christmas until the goat is on fire . 
  next syttende mai will be messy !, 
  aah , we beat denmark again !, 
  get used to it !, 
  and we 'll soon get our first reigning queen in sweden ( well not first , but it has been a while ) !, 
  about time !, 
  that 's very american of him . 
  yeah you 're right , but stupid arguments annoy me . 
  stating that all swedes look unhappy or that all men look like women are just two extremely retarded things to say . 
  i 'm aware of the positive attitude people have towards sweden , but it makes me angry when people generalize and say that all swedes look unhappy or that all men look like women . 
  same goes with the classical `` all swedes are so beautiful '' idea . 
  it 's fine to not like it here , sweden is not for everyone , but if people are to criticize it , they should at least use valid arguments without insulting everyone . 
  but on the other hand , this is reddit . 
  yeah , in order to satisfy you we `` only '' need to , um let 's see here : change our entire language because we `` sound '' dumb , change our faces because we look unhappy , banish all immigrants because they surely all are evil and make people `` nervous '' and force the men to look like men ( i do n't know how to solve that problem though , maybe surgery ? ) . 
  stockholm of course , i do n't know where some people go where they find immigrants everywhere and men that looks like women . 
  sounds like typical racism bullshit to me . 
  the most annoying thing with stockholm during summer is all the tourists . 
  we get to learn it quite early on in sweden . 
  it 's a big part of our education along with swedish and math . 
  quite empty up here . 
  ah , the silence !, 
  the fact that the song was a cheap and a bad copy of `` euphoria '' has nothing to do with it ... 
  but i 've read somewhere else that it was supposed to look like a placenta . 
  i had no idea that it was supposed to look like a placenta . 
  the more you know , huh ? 
  it was all a part of our evil plan !, 
  we kicked your ass in ice hockey earlier today and then later we did n't give you any points !, 
  haha so proud to be a swede atm . 
  keep an eye on \u00d6stersj\u00f6n this time around then . 
  ouf , those dancers !, 
  - drink if a very tall man named igor enters the stage !, 
  oh gosh , greece . 
  xd but they have my eternal respect for managing to wear skirts and still look manly as hell !, 
  i know , or on that woman that awkwardly stands five meters away from them . 
  denmark wins tonight !, 
  the guitar guy is hot !, 
  sweden inc !, 
  gogo u.k !, 
  and he 's growing !, 
  haha i love this one !, 
  opera dracula with half naked dancers dancing around a flowerish thing !, 
  true that !, 
  netherlands song is beautiful but it makes me sad . 
  haha i see it as an intern joke maybe only the swedes understands . 
  the loreen copy cat !, 
  * meow * !, 
  he 's a doctor , that makes him an exception to that rule !, 
  you do n't even have to mention that !, 
  * drinks *, 
  - drink when they mention stockholm or malm\u00f6 !, 
  bullshit , petra mede is amazing !, 
  and she did a great job as hostess yesterday . 
  well something tells me that it wo n't stop the bigger countries such as france and germany from creating veto rules . 
  if they do n't like it , then they can veto it . 
  oh and you have looked into the same freakin crystal ball and seen the opposite ? 
  nah , i do n't like that either , and the euro idea was just horrible . 
  luckily , sweden stays out of it . 
  yup !, 
  still beats a federal europe though . 
   a little too many countries for my taste . 
  just because it works in the u.s and canada , does n't mean it works for europe . 
  it just would n't be optimal , in my opinion to put all those countries together . 
  you can work together without forming a federation . 
  haha exactly !, 
  xd a nightmare !, 
  yeah , keep the down votes coming !, 
  i still do n't want my country to become a mere province in a federation where the largest countries will get even more power and influence . 
  if that happens , i 'll move to canada . 
  but to what extent ? 
  it seems like there are many priests in sweden that does n't practice what they preach . 
  some of them have a criminal record . 
  that priest article was quite interesting though !, 
  haha , funny thread . 
  quite creepy to be able to see your street on google . 
  where do i mention that it 's wrong to be proud to be swedish ? 
  i suspect you confuse nationalism with patriotism , and they are completely different things . 
   the thing is when you immigrate to a country you 're the one who has to adapt , not the country . 
  you get to keep those parts of your culture which are compatible with the nation you 've moved to but everything else has to go . 
  i totally agree with you here , but it seems to be a problem to decide what is okay and what is not .
