  but banning all culture just because it 's different is just plain stupid . 
  i am aware of the fact that multiculturalism has its flaws like anything else , but i would never like to be a part of a society that supress other cultures . 
  multiculturism beats nationalism any day . 
  nah i do n't think so , and there are many white skinned morons out there as well . 
  same here , i used to be `` white blonde '' when i was a child and then it darkened to brown . 
  i get sun bleached hair during the summer though !, 
  the message still gets through , norway !, 
  i 'm a brown haired swede living in the blonde area of the map . 
  i know , i 'm such a trouble maker !, 
  yeah especially in sweden . 
  i got sweden !, 
  your turn , king karl gustav of sweden . 
  i have no idea , i rarely eat herring but i guess the cold winter has made a negative impact here as well . 
  i 'm not asking for bad things to happen !, 
  nothing remotely interesting is happening here . 
  stubborn , british , a good leader , stubborn , intellectual , strategist and stubborn . 
  yup !, 
  only that one of them is quite worthless to be in a union with . 
   i love europe , but not the union , and especially not all the power and influence it has in the countries . 
  i would also prefer a scandinavian union instead . 
  i hope sweden leaves eu and joins nato instead . 
  nope , he 's still alive . 
  there are many fine british men and women out there as well !, 
  i 'm still waiting for mitch hewer to realize that i 'm the one . 
  justin bieber is visiting sweden ... 
  not if it interferes with the everyday lives of others . 
  and you dont have to respond to it if it bothers you that much . 
   that 's just my opinion which i believe i 'm entitled to express . 
  regard it more as a personal opinion . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  they have but then we grew a brain and separated state and church thank god ( pun intended ) . 
  here 's one example out of many where people have died because they were gay : http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/sep/07/iran-executes-men-homosexuality-charges, 
  you 're right , we should let religion rule our countries , we should let women be properties , and gays should get hanged because that 's a sin right ? 
  oh look , i can exaggerate as well !, 
  but ofcourse , you should be able to express your religion everywhere . 
  as a muslim woman working at a hospital you should n't be forced to wash your arms since your religion forbids you from showing any skin , and that is more important than risking the patients life !, 
  if he or she gets infected by bacteria because of bad hygiene must mean it was gods will !, 
  if i see a girl wearing a skirt and a top which makes her look like a whore , then its my duty to spit at her and show my disaproval !, 
  and do n't get me started on those gays !, 
  they should burn in hell !, 
  if you move to another country you really should respect the laws , rules and traditions of that country . 
  if that does n't work , then maybe they should move somewhere else . 
  luckily i do n't have to express my atheism because its standard over here . 
  come on romania !, 
  i saved you a seat here under the rainbow flag , and i rarely bite !, 
  wow , the fact that we still have these problems in modern sweden is unbelievable . 
  all religion should be personal and only be expressed at home or in religious buildings . 
  why should i as an atheist be bothered with church bells and minarets ? 
  especially when almost 25 % of the people are atheists ( 50 % consider themselves to be agnostics ) . 
  if it 's the movie starring cristopher lee and a very young christian bale , then i 've seen it many times . 
  order within a week and you 'll receive the new nordic flag svennbrolag\u00f6flajerakulafl\u00f6fl\u00f6lagen free of charge !, 
  because i think we are too different . 
  you read about people retiring in their 50 's living a nice life , while swedes and other scandinavian people retire sometimes as late as in their 70 's . 
  i believe the attitude to working is way too different , and that is just one area . 
  if we form a federation where the richer countries always have to help the poorer , then why should the richer countries be a part of it ? 
  you can still help the poorer countries without forming a union with them . 
  the scandinavian economies are stable and we know the importance of paying taxes , making healthcare and education possible for every citizen . 
  we are so alike in many areas which makes it easier to form a union . 
  yeah i agree , and we may be stable economies at the moment , but we are still small nations with limited resources , so if we made a union , we would be bigger , richer and have more influence in the world . 
  why of course !, 
  switching to euro would only damage our economy . 
  nah , maybe a nordic union but not a european . 
  greatest swedish work of all times . 
  my ass it is !, 
  silly norway !, 
  `` mio , my son '' by astrid lindgren . 
  one of my friends went to a beach ( where most of the visitors were muslims ) in a simple bikini , and she told me that it was very awkward because both men and women stared angrily at her , but she did n't care . 
  this is probably a very common reaction , we do n't care if it offends others . 
  well , when some ( not all ) muslims angrily tells my swedish girl friends that they should `` cover themselves '' more or tells me that being gay is wrong , then i get pissed off . 
  they should respect the cultures and the traditions in the country they visit . 
  they should also be able to express their own religion as long as it does n't break any laws . 
  nurses , teachers and it-people ( within some areas ) are needed in sweden . 
  just read that she was a homophobe and enforced laws against homosexual activities , [ section 28 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/section_28 ) was probably the most horrible . 
  so i hope she rest in a semipeace with one of her eyes open . 
  what is the general opinion about her in uk ? 
  it sounds like its 50/50 . 
  rest in peace . 
  : / she must have been very old though . 
  awesome !, 
  `` emperor albarufus '' sounds nice as well !, 
  hah the first thing that came to mind when i read that article : `` the republic will be reorganized into the first galactic empire '' giving eu more power is not an option at all in my opinion , and i do n't care if they call themselves eu or the european republic . 
  well i was describing hell in a nordic perspective , which is cold insetad of hot . 
  shut up , norway !, 
  you silly country !, 
  it 's that time of the year when you see the blue sky and the sun is shining . 
  you think it will be warm outside and you go out only to realize that it is cold as a nordic hell !, 
  now called san fransiscus !, 
  hah , i 'm here all night !, 
  europe works best united , so i hope it gets better soon . 
  hmm this is too good to be true . 
  he is up to something !, 
  we would probably leave if eu made us change our currency , especially when that was one of our conditions in order to join in the first place . 
  i ca n't speak for all swedes out there , but i know that when it comes to swedish politics we do n't really care if someone important is being unfaithful to his wife and stuff like that , which seems to be a big deal in the u.s for instance . 
  but if you change the currency without asking the people ( through a referendum which they did in 2003 and we said no ) , shit will go down . 
  that is a big deal breaker in sweden . 
  since we are an indirect democracy , our parliament has the power to vote about it and force the country to change the currency against the peoples wishes , but that would be stupid . 
  if they did that , yes , but those in the parliament would at the same time commit political suicide since the people would never elect those who ignored their wishes . 
  yeah and that is all good , just wanted to point out the attitude towards the euro in sweden . 
  earning good money doing simple things you obviously ca n't ... well i do n't see the bad part in that . 
  haha we wo n't join the euro for a long while , and the parliament would n't dare to implement it without consulting the people .
