except that once you 've got a clue how the bloody welsh use their letters , you can have a stab at how something might be pronounced . 
  source : have a welsh name . 
  thanks mum . 
  i suppose it might be the same with scottish names , too , i just have n't worked it out . 
  yet . 
  the one in helsinki is a more modern building . 
  yours is rather older . 
  i am not particularly knowledgeable about these things , but i do find myself looking at architecture . 
  i do like yours a bit better - embellishments on the windows appeal to me . 
  this is my favourite !, 
  you could camp on that lawn . 
  it 's lovely . 
  http://imgur.com/ykhulnj does n't farnborough in england look lovely this morning ? 
  i was a bit proud , too !, 
  i notice the us is scrambling to make up now !, 
  their trains must constantly be late . 
  can you imagine trying to run a timely service there - people are always trying to slide in at the last second . 
  ooh - i do n't know about that . 
  maybe it 'll be seen as a suggestion that we think they 're smelly . 
  one would n't want to cause offence , do n't you know ? 
  edit : just read the fine print - : /, 
  yeah , but i felt sorry for the swede !, 
  cut him some slack , english is n't his first language . 
  well it probably would , but we 've been working bloody hard , since then , to make up for it . 
  we 're all terribly sorry , do n't you know ? 
  or even that the women with whom they cheat are not actually in relationships ? 
  all i ever want of eurovision is that we do n't come last . 
  i do n't want us to win - my sister-in-law would only try to insist we actually go to see it !, 
  i ca n't remember which site , but one came up with a full page saying `` if you want to read the content , disable ad-blocker and refresh . '', 
  i have n't used an ad-blocker in a couple of years , so goodness knows what the stupid site was on about . 
  the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy . 
  part of the story , anyway . 
  the story goes that one planet one day decided that the `` useless '' third of society , all the hairdressers and phone cleaners and the like , should be shipped off planet to be , iirc , dumped into the sun ( a sun ) . 
  then the rest of the planet went on to be wiped out by catching a disease from a particularly dirty telephone . 
  i 'm sorry it 's a bit vague , but it 's been a long time ... edit : [ here you go ] ( http://hitchhikers.wikia.com/wiki/golgafrincham ) . 
  hope that link works - i 'm trying to format on my phone . 
  well , to be fair , you have the same risk in the whole of paris , if memory serves !, 
  architecturally , they look rather more exciting than a lot of the stuff we have in britain . 
  our problem is that people in britain have traditionally wanted houses , so flats ( apartments ) are considered socially low , and are almost always smaller and pokier than any house . 
  they 're the cheap alternative for those needing cheap housing . 
  i wonder , however , what those parisian ones are like inside - do you know ? 
  the point here is immobile . 
  while i completely understand the lack of desire to move , and there 's no way it 's easy , if there are no jobs in your area , and you wo n't move to where they are , then yes , you 're screwed . 
  it 's a fuck of a long way from romania to the uk . 
  it 's not bloody easy to make the move , but there are jobs here . 
  britain is far from being the butt-end of europe ( yet ) . 
  not gove . 
  please not gove . 
  even may , but not fucking gove !, 
  i bet it 's because all the kids like shitty pop , and if anyone does the numbers , we 'll be europe 's capital of boy bands . 
   well , public vote decided that russia had the best song . 
  strangely , public vote also thought ukraine was second best , when my sheet had it clearly marked as `` meh '' . 
  when the bbc showed what we , the uk public vote thought , i had to check down my sheet again , seeing that apparently we liked lithuania best . 
  sure enough , a solid `` meh '' again . 
  also , my sheet had germany down as `` jolly good '' . 
  i loved your song !, 
  it was brilliant !, 
  sort of makes up for us having had a rather pants summer , i thought . 
  still ruddy cold , got ta be said . 
  do n't worry , we 'll be back to our usual grey weather soon . 
  this is just a rather nice change !, 
  sunny ( today , anyway ) hampshire !, 
  i miss wogan . 
  he was so much more ... subtle . 
  2 things on that . 
  politician blokes usually do n't wear a rainbow of colors . 
  you 're right . 
  i have no second point . 
  except , man , does that woman have a lot of clothes !, 
  even taking into account that some of those darker ones will be the same suit , she has a fuck-ton of outfits !, 
  you mean all the south except me ? 
  right ? 
  ca n't you go patriotic and do one with a union flag for queenie 's jubilee ? 
  i do like the robin , though . 
  usually i actually like the music ( in an embarrassed sort of way that involves not mentioning it to my friends at all ) , but last night - oof !, 
  the smallest handful of songs which were any good . 
  i 'm not convinced the sound system was up to scratch , either . 
  you do n't think the cute girl in a nightie might not have had something to do with the voting ? 
  oh , and the fact that many baltic/russian states , um , `` enjoyed '' it ? 
  it will , of course , be an empty gesture , and the insurance companies will find a way to reward those drivers they consider safer , not just because you 're a girl , but maybe because you actually drive more safely . 
  after all , they 're not going to stop asking you your gender , just because of this rule , despite the fact that this rule will make the question irrelevant . 
  i only meant that if they 're going to shaft us on insurance , they 'd better bloody well make it up someplace else - until we have true pay equality , at least ladies only policies were a way to save the money . 
  so they 'll be sorting out the inequalities between men and women 's pay in the workplace next . 
  yay . 
  while it 's always nice to see any kind of discrimination being given the heave-ho , it 'd be nice if there was the remotest chance of true financial equality . 
  while i do agree with you , the time i noticed the whole m&s / new zealand apples thing was smack-bang in the middle of uk apple season . 
  and we 're supposed to be known for our diversity of apples . 
  and i have to confess that i was n't thinking , at all , in terms of carbon footprints or shipping costs ( which is shameful but true ) , so much as the waste of being the country from where some of the best apples come . 
  i will hang my head in environmental shame , for a moment . 
  oh god yes !, 
  wine . 
  i 'd forgotten that . 
  while i do love french wines , the nz wines are so good . 
  now my conscience is nibbling . 
  :( every time i try british wine , i 'm reminded , forcibly , of the old monty python australian table wines sketch . 
  sadly i ca n't find a link to it , so i ca n't even provide a hollow laugh to make ourselves feel better . 
  oh , patiserie - the best place to get a really gorgeous tarte au citron is france . 
  i have been unable to find anything to rival that anywhere else . 
  the crisp , sweet pastry ; the tart , lemony filling - mouth watering !, 
  i 'm glad you mentioned apples .
