we must form a long phalanx , hiding the navy in our midst , so that after penetrating the russians from the rear , we can unleash our fierce seamen . 
  what would the dutch get ? 
  water-management ? 
  this does not look particularly reliable . 
  i really need to visit tallinn and valletta . 
  i do n't really know how reddit perceives my country . 
  probably as a super-liberal place where everyone is really nice and tolerant and smokes weed . 
  which is bullshit . 
  well nobody 's perfect , but the kurds are strongly opposed to religious extremism , every year they take in thousands of refugees from all over the middle-east who were refused elsewhere , and all they seek is autonomy and freedom . 
  if you 're going to back anyone in this conflict , i say back the kurds . 
  the kurds are basically the only `` good guys '' in this battle . 
  are you comparing the kurds to the mujahideen ? 
  because that is ridiculous beyond the point of being insane . 
  [ why thank you . 
  i have a german in-law visiting right now . 
  when we all went cycling to the beach together he asked if he could borrow one of our bicycles , i could n't resist a quick `` well at least you 're asking this time ... '' before saying `` aber nat\u00fcrlich ! '', 
  and giving him my bike because it 's nicer than the spare one . 
  i genuinely could n't say . 
  i think we all pretend to hate the germans but actually we respect them very much , it 's just that old football thing . 
  we like to make fun of the belgians , but then we do freely admit that they are much better than us at `` pleasure '' ( they make better food , better beer , better musicians , better writers , better poets , better comedians etc. ) . 
  we like the germans because they 're like us : a bit bland but straightforward , sincere , hard-working and proud . 
  we like the belgians because they 're like the french , but without the arrogance and superiority complex we perceive them as having . 
  and when i say `` the belgians '' , i really mean `` the flemish '' . 
  we mostly consider the walloons to just be french people living in belgium . 
  amsterdam locals like to cycle past the tourists waiting in line yelling things like `` she 's not home ! '', 
  you 're not far off . 
  if i grew up on a farm ... ah fuck it , brugge is beautiful actually . 
  really ? 
  the anne frank house ? 
  do n't waste your time , people . 
  i worked in a supermarket for 4 years , i must have thrown away several million euros worth of perfectly edible food , just because `` the law says we have to '' . 
  absolutely ridiculous , and i applaud these french mps . 
  where is this ? 
  clearly this bird is an eu provocateur . 
  how are you doing with floodings out there ? 
  so far it 's not too bad out here , a few underground bicycle tunnels got flooded but other than that it 's managable . 
  i saw some photographs from floodings in the south that looked pretty bad . . 
  we 're very lucky here in the hague , our tapwater comes fresh from the dunes  it 's delicious . 
  how does one measure the difference ? 
  if you make a comment and see it 's sitting at -30 something , you just assume it must 've been some bot or brigade , because it could n't possibly be that i 've said something that the majority of other people strongly disagree with . 
  i 'm not hiding behind anything , i just replied to his comment . 
  what 's the point of acknowledging or caring about a voting system on this website if everytime you see something you disagree with get a high score you automatically assume it 's bots and brigades , and everytime you see something you agree with get a low score you assume the same anyway ? 
  if you eliminate the possibility that you could just be completely wrong , why give a shit about downvotes ? 
  oh please , you 've been on reddit for 8 months now , you know damn well how people use that downvote button . 
   2 opposition activists convicted for 4.5 year jail terms ; they are peaceful and one of them is seriously ill ; still locking up your political opponents like a proper 2nd-world dictatorship , huh ? 
  the vast majority here was pretty anti-russian to begin with anyway , after crimea , and now their support of the seperatists it has n't gotten any less anti-russian by any means . 
  many of the seperatists are actually russian . 
  also , whether they are pro-russian seperatists or russian soldiers , they get their weapons and supplies from the same place , and take orders from the same leaders , so it does n't really matter . 
  thirdly , the claiming of `` downvote bots '' or `` brigades '' whenever consensus disagrees with you is the defense of a child . 
   israel is the last frontier of the free world http://i.imgur.com/gfikfpk.gif, 
  i 'm from the hague , south-holland , the netherlands . 
  i usually just tell people i 'm from holland . 
  i said the same thing earlier , one european team at the olympics sounds fine to me but as for football , it 's got to stay the way it is . 
  only if the dutch euthanasia policy is held in place ( or , better yet , extended to all of the `` use '' ) , and our marijuana policy is held in place ( or just fully legalize across the `` use '' ) . 
  also , as a football fan i do n't want to lose the european championship , but i 'm fine with a european team at the olympics for example . 
  well done britain !, 
  keeping the pseudo out of science . 
  he is . 
  there are far better options for the netherlands . 
  anything by arthur japin , marcel moring or hella haasse . 
  it 's easy to laugh at all this , but the fact remains a lot of people in russia do fall for this nonsense , no matter how obviously ridiculous it seems to us . 
  the russian government knows that if they can convince enough of their people that this is a fight against a new threat of fascism then they can get away with any kind of atrocity in ukrain , and any criticism from the west will seem to them a vote of support for fascism . 
  im dutch , but frankly i do n't see why any non-dutch person would have any reason to learn my language , other than out of personal interest ( that 's why i learned most of the languages i speak ) . 
  unless you move here , of course . 
  allright it 's not grammatically incorrect , but it just does n't sound as right . 
  this is r/europe , not r/yurop . 
  try to maintain some dignity please . 
  to be fair , it does give you one clue : it 's somewhere in the united states !, 
  this is r/europe , not r/yurop . 
  we try not to stoop to these types of levels here . 
  no , nor is used after neither in a juxtaposition , it 's either/or and neither/nor . 
  so if he had written `` neither 85 % of americans , nor vladimir putin can locate ukraine on a map '' that would be correct , but in the way he 's writen it here only ` neither ' is correct . 
  3 attempts , and i 've never even been to asia . 
  i drive by his house every day ( if it is still his house , as you correctly say , or maybe it 's what he wants people to think is his house ) , you can see it from the highway coming into the hague . 
  ca n't believe my taxmoney is being used for that fucking military industrial compound he calls a home . 
  if he would n't say such stupid things he would n't need so much protection . 
  it 's like the old jimmy carr joke `` simon cowell spends 3 million a year on his personal security . 
  3 million ? 
  has he never considered just being less of a dick ? '', 
  how do you feel about the reforms ( i was always told you guys had one of the best healthcare systems ) ? 
  or about the russian media propagandizing lies about your country ? 
  do n't know why you 're getting downvoted , / u/meidei has flaired him/herself as `` stuck in stupid cyprus '' . 
  also , as a native hagenees , i would appreciate it if you did n't refer to my city as wilders ' hometown . 
  the man 's from limburg . 
  as a d66 voter living in the hague , i 'm really bummed out that my happiness over the election is negated by the giant fucking mess that is the hague during the nss . 
  he 's really amping it up lately though . 
  it 's getting pretty scary . 
  yeah i 'm talking about casual cycling , which is the vast majority of cycling in the netherlands . 
  just people cycling to work or to their friend 's house or something . 
  true . 
  anyone you see cycling with a helmet on in the netherlands is 100 % guaranteed to be not dutch . 
  we do n't wear helmets , tourists and expats do . 
  honestly , it 's only the russian intervention that gives that feel . 
  because if any nation in europe is going to start ww3 , deep down we all know which nation it will be . 
  did my country decide to do that ? 
  we as the nato decide to do that , and my country was one the members involved , yes . 
  i should clarify i do n't mean any russian politicians or public officials , just russian and pro-russian people in the areas of the conflict . 
  putin 's posturing and the way he 's decided to invade a country in the midst of an internal conflict in said country is cause for concern in my opinion though . 
  it 's time the eu moves to some preparation . 
  a lot of russians are already talking about the russian-speaking minorities in kazachstan , belarus , estonia , latvia and lithuania who `` need protection from russia '' .
