i would put money on wales and scotland voting to stay but i really do n't know about england or ni . 
  and that is irrelevant . 
  the technological level of a country is n't the determining factor in whether or not invading and genocide is okay . 
  just because a country was n't a futuristic utopia does n't mean it is n't worse off than it otherwise would be . 
  not to mention the earliest civilisations were in africa and the middle east and so at some points they were the equivalent of that to us . 
  holy shit , you actually think colonialism was helping these people ?!, 
  many of these countries are poor because we looted them . 
  the thing with the right wing idiots that are afraid of refugees is that they also do n't want to help the nations the refugees are fleeing from . 
  not only will it stop refugees leaving those countries it will also lead to refugees in europe going home . 
  yes it would be legal they would n't be put up though . 
  well the british empire was about for the early history of the nobel so we won a lot of early ones that helps us make up for slumps . 
  it 's actually sir terry . 
  hahahahahaha how bloody delusional are you ? 
  except what you posted is n't sarcasm . 
  apparently this sub is incapable of what if scenarios . 
  nice to know i apparently do n't hold these values . 
  yeah we have to cut tonnes of services because we have no money but apparently we can afford all out war . 
  hastily arranged agreements are unlikely to be beneficial to either side . 
  the problem is i do n't see any valid solutions . 
  you ca n't just `` ban all muslims coming to europe '' and people can become home grown terrorists by surfing the internet . 
  do we censor the internet ? 
  do we deport all muslims ensuring that the middle east hates us more . 
  do we go back to isolationism where we do n't interfere with anyone 's foreign affairs ? 
  yes . 
  use noscript and when you come across a website you need scripts for and trust then allow it . 
  aww you think the number soldiers is the important thing cute . 
  i do n't care how many ground troops there are when they are being bombed from the sky , not to mention that north korean troops are hardly the best trained or most nourished troops in the world . 
  lol nobody here knows who he is . 
  continuing lack of a plan for brexit , continuing back-pedalling on brexit promises . 
  i knew this would happen . 
  i was n't ideologically opposed to brexit exactly but i voted remain due to the complete lack of a plan . 
  especially as many of these people were supporting them when it was muslims they were joking about . 
  yeah but where do we put them ? 
  which nation is going to agree to give up an island for this ? 
  i agree it 's a good idea for the record . 
  they are pushed back to the point where the trucks are travelling 70mph so they ca n't hope on . 
  this is n't a silver bullet , as is said elsewhere you have harsh penalties for people smuggling and unsecured trucks . 
  finally the french have to do something like arresting migrants that are committing crimes . 
  many of them struggle at best with english and i have yet to see reasonable evidence that the majority of these people have relatives in britain . 
  because you keep letting these people in to france and we are protecting our borders . 
  the camps are your fault . 
  lol what nonsense . 
  why is there basically nothing about this on the bbc tv channel ? 
  tell me where i complained about civil servants ? 
  in what country do civil servants have legislative power ? 
  i still do n't understand how wales voted to leave . 
  i think welsh people watch too much `` british '' news without realising it is actually english news . 
  because the council is made up of elected individuals . 
  i mean first of all it is true and how anyone can say the eu does n't need to be more democratic i do not know . 
  secondly , you can start by giving legislative power to the parliament and get rid of the commision . 
  i really hope that brexit allows the rest of europe to properly unify instead of tear itself apart . 
  maybe one day an independent wales will be able to join this union . 
  it is clear though the eu needs to improve itself to become more democratic and it needs to do so relatively quickly . 
  unfortunately anti-intellectualism is on the rise throughout the world . 
  i just can not understand the mindset . 
  something really needs to be done in our schooling systems but the current levels of ignorance currently enable the political elite to get away with whatever the hell they want . 
  wow really ? 
  the times ? 
  i am a very left-leaning guy but i always liked the times . 
  the problem with their `` balance '' policies is that they have to have someone giving an opposing view , even if those people are n't qualified . 
  for example the pro-brexit `` scientist '' they had on was an historian . 
  it is not reallt suprising given that murdoch who owns the widest circullation newspapers here has been a eurosceptic for years . 
  the only party that wanted to leave in the uk was ukip and they have 1 seat . 
  we have left anyway . 
  agreed . 
  i am hoping european governments can convince their people to wait and see how the uk does on its own . 
  there 's already demands of the right in europe for their own referendum . 
  or with the u.k. 
  i am a proud brit and a proud welshman . 
  one day i hope i can say a proud european . 
  hardly all that relevant to the point i was making . 
  but given he lives and works in the us and his wife is american and he is not very famous at home i can not see him not becoming an american citizen soon . 
  both, 
  how exactly ? 
  if he said the leave campaign are saying being in the eu costs 350m a week but that 's a lie !, 
  then does n't say how much it cost then you would criticise him then as well . 
  that would be stupid . 
  oh come off it . 
  hardly need to put any effort in when she was killed by someone promoting his leave the eu politics and british nationalism . 
  when you have farage and co out there claiming there will be hordes of sex offender migrants stealing our jobs , and raping our women you ca n't be surprised if one of the people convinced gets fucking violent . 
  he is n't trying to convince brits . 
  he is an american citizen presenting an american show for an american audience . 
  like his scottish independence episode . 
  i have never heard it . 
  he is like half the episodes of the first series or two of mock the week . 
  not true at all . 
  someone may want to remain but believe brexit will win , therefore they will bet on brexit . 
  the betting reflects what people thinks will happen , not what they want to happen . 
  and you lot are idiots . 
  they were joint second in the exit poll . 
  creeping up ? 
  they have dropped to third . 
  in what way ? 
  he means trump being so shit is poisoning far right movements around the world including the netherlands . 
  he has worded it badly , but the flair suggests english is a second language . 
  all ridiculous really . 
  referendums have no place in parliamentary democracy . 
  if you want something you vote for the party that will do it . 
  looks like the left will form around a new party now . 
  no the people that voted for them were unhappy with them in coalition and have mostly voted for parties further left .
