not sure if i 'd believe those stats , it 's closer to 50 million . 
  that is 100 % true . 
  i may have to speak spanglish to order at a taco truck , but the girl working it is n't wearing a burka . 
  less than half of the us population owns a gun , i believe it 's around 48 % . 
  not everyone is armed ... 
  that 's why gun ownership is so high in the us . 
  we just pick up pistols off the street from people who 've been murdered earlier in the day . 
  i was under the impression that there are specific areas where westerners live in sa which have alcohol and where women do n't have to wear viels . 
  outside of those areas you 'd be punished for breaking sharia rules . 
  you should visit sometime , its really different from what you see on tv probably ... i mean judging from that ridiculous second paragraph , you have a pretty warped view of the country . 
  over half the country gets its healthcare via employer ( people with preexisting conditions like cancer had the most trouble finding affordable insurance ) . 
  we have similar poverty to europe , better than your country i believe . 
  we have a bit higher wealth inequality than europe ... but i do n't get where the whole `` black people rioting in the streets regularly '' thing comes from . 
  are you talking about all the headlines in missouri and the blm thing ? 
  i hope you realize that for the most part those are localized issues , and black people in the us are n't rioting around the country `` regularly '' . 
  women choose to work in lower paying fields than men , however in those fields they 're paid the same as their male counter parts . 
  gender gap is a myth, 
  [ k ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuqk6t2esng ), 
  what a stupid thing to say , the whole reason this is happening is because you 're wrong about that ... 
  and what would women do while walking around alone on the streets , should they feel safe ? 
  should they walk around in groups ? 
  should they be cautious when going down dark roads at night ? 
  do you think a curfew could stop a rapist ? 
  they would end up doing the same things outlined by police , except this time they 'd be without help from their brothers , fathers , friends , and partners ... 
  alerting women , advising them to not go out alone at night , if they have to do so in groups , have pepper spray , or with a male for protection all greatly reduce the potential for rape . 
  telling all innocent men to not be out after dark does literally nothing to solve the problem . 
  the rapist just has to hide somewhere and not have to worry about anything , because every person he 'll see could be a potential victim . 
  it would be wise either way for women to behave in the way the police are advising them now ; in fact forcing all innocent men to stay at home , and not allowing them to be used as protection could just exacerbate the situation . 
  how does this solve the problem at all ? 
  a person who 's committing rapes is n't exactly afraid of doing illegal things , and with only women being able to be out at night he 'd basically have free reign ... you 'd be punishing innocent men and giving the rapist an advantage . 
  police ca n't be everywhere , its much easier to have women be alert , in groups , or with protection . 
  source ? 
  i thought most of the migrants were coming from africa and not syria ... 
  i thought the background checks were very stern ? 
  how are people unsure of what age these migrants are ? 
  if its so hard to figure that out , how can you be sure about the rest ? 
  yes , saying that the poles killed more jews than germans during wwii is nothing to get `` butthurt '' over ... those silly poles , every little thing upsets them ... you 're a fucking moron . 
  you should n't believe either , gross is a known `` shitposter '' as well . 
  if you 're curious look it up , but do n't believe it just because some princeton professor said it . 
  you seem like the type of moron who thinks watching a documentary on something is `` doing research '' . 
  is that true though ? 
  does germany have more sex crimes than other european countries ? 
  ahh , my sarcasm detector failed lol . 
  [ here is a list of raw numbers of people per country who received the award . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_righteous_among_the_nations_by_country ) the top three are : poland : 6,532 ; netherlands : 5,413 ; france : 3,760 though i 've read that punishments for aiding jews were treated differently per country , so raw data does n't tell the whole story . 
  for example the punishment for aiding jews in poland was likely death . 
  there were no polish death camps . 
  there were german death camps in poland . 
  did it work ? 
  you 're a fool if you do n't think aid money is funneled to fund the insurgency against israel , or you 're lying . 
  the restrictions placed on palestinians are an effect , not a cause . 
  how many bus bombs exploded before checkpoints began ? 
  how many tunnels continue to be built , how many rockets stockpiled , how many weapons , ect ... two glaring understatements in your post show your obvious bias . 
  israel is `` in better shape '' than palestine , and palestinian 's `` have to some degree fucked themselves '' . 
  what a joke . 
  walk through palestine and tell me they 're spending hundreds of millions of euro 's a year only on `` non armed combat '' ... the country is basically in shambles because their leaders have run it into the ground . 
  i am still at a loss for why europe is funding palestine 's war of attrition with israel . 
  palestinian 's are too proud to take what they have and build . 
  on one hand they ca n't accept defeat from israel , and on the other they beg for international help from israeli occupation . 
  the only thing keeping them alive is the fact that israeli 's do n't want to commit genocide , yet they boldly state that if the tables were turned they 'd kill every last jew . 
  its complete insanity . 
  just so you know , europe is the largest donor to palestine . 
  as the guy above said . 
  europe does not react in any serious way to palestine 's human rights abuses , or its clear disinterest in finding a fair solution . 
  it should be pretty clear that palestine has no incentive to behave morally or even by the law as long as they have europe 's support . 
  so indeed , perfectly logical to blame europe . 
  unfortunately , the situation is slightly more complex than that . 
  why 's that ? 
  if you say so euro . 
  none of that changes how stupid your comment was , blaming palestinian and israeli relations on us elections . 
  blaming this on us elections . 
  amazing . 
  is there anything in the world europeans wo n't blame on the us ? 
  what are you basing that opinion on ? 
  news ? 
  does your newspaper sensationalize news in your country ? 
  you see through the bs because you live there , and you know it . 
  you should use that same logic when reading about all the silly shit you see on the internet about americans . 
  have you ever been to the us and surrounded by crazy christians ? 
  most of our christians are moderate of course , but sometimes it feel like people think the bible belt is run by the white power taliban or some shit . 
  i mean , europe just let in millions of muslim migrants into theor countries and they can see through the statistics ; it 's odd they do n't do the same with americans . 
  what ? 
  source on that ? 
  there are n't enough fundamentalists in any state to decide an election . 
  he graduated from harvard law , and has argued in front of the supreme court 9 times winning 5 . 
  let 's not act like the guys unelectable . 
  in louisiana and mississippi its allowed per their state legislature to let students `` discuss theories critical to evolution '' in public schools . 
  it 's illegal in the rest of the 48 states , and with the us becoming more secular and not more religious , i do n't think any of the other states will be teaching it anytime soon . 
  this answer about muslim women not being able to marry outside their religion means that muslims had/have no idea how marriage is thought of for christians/jews . 
  it seems like a child trying to justify making silly rules in a game . 
  i wonder if the immigrants will just bring their families over illegally anyways . 
  [ you 're american and you do n't even know that over 2,900 people died on 911 , and another 6,000 wounded ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casualties_of_the_september_11_attacks ) several hundred of those who died were n't even us citizens . 
  really ? 
  people believe shit like that in europe ? 
  you guys must hate the us more than common sense . 
  germany just had a problem with anti-vaxxers in their schools , so i 'm guessing you guys have them . 
  i agree somewhat , but that was n't the point of my statement . 
  you said we should n't be sloppy in flinging around accusations , so i just wanted to throw that statistic into the conversation . 
  palestine is a touchy subject when talking about civilian casualties and terrorism , because so many of their population support terrorism .
