1.6 % of england and wales ( over 3 years old ) can not speak `` proficient '' english . 
  [ source ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cc/english_language_proficiency_in_england_and_wales.png ) around 0.3 % is deaf people . 
  a further amount with will other disabilities / learning difficulties . 
  the rest , i suspect , will be immigrants . 
  and the number of americans who think angels [ do n't really exist ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/poll-nearly-8-in-10-americans-believe-in-angels/ ) . 
  sigh . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not a normal everyday type of thing . 
  but sharing a double bed with someone is not the end of the end of the world if you know them well . 
  i 'd feel a bit weird if it were inter-generational , but not otherwise . 
   the problem is that this amounts to cherry-picking , which is absolutely impossible . 
  it would just ruin what the eu represents . 
  how is it impossible , and is n't that the point ... to change what the eu represents , and that being a good thing ? 
  i 've travelled to many places in europe and noticed lots of similarities , but that in no way makes me feel like i 'm in a sister country . 
  honestly , the biggest barrier is language . 
  the water certainly does . 
  it means you ca n't just get in the car and drive to another country . 
  yes , you can get a ferry , but it costs money , and takes quite a while when you include all the queuing and waiting . 
  going to another country is just so much more of a hassle for the uk \\* compared to the mainland . 
  borders for the uk are n't just an imaginary line on a contiguous piece of land that you share with your neighbours . 
  there 's no sense of us just being one place amongst many similar others around us . 
  our borders are a very real thing . 
  \\* yes , we do have a land border with ireland , but for the vast majority of the uk that would also require a ferry and all the hassle . 
  wow , there are people who feel like this ? 
  i feel little comradeship and solidarity for my own countrymen let alone other countries . 
  compared to the countries where we do have a lot in common ( us , new zealand , australia , canada , ireland ) we have little in common with the mainland . 
  i suspect most brits could n't tell you very much at all about what 's going on elsewhere in europe and do n't care . 
  maybe a majority know who merkel and hollande are , and could mention something vagely to do with greece being bankrupt and germany 's economy doing very well . 
  maybe . 
  i suspect most of us feel very little bond with the rest of europe . 
  we do n't necessarily feel animosity either , but not a bond . 
  and actually does much better . 
  it 's been outside of \u00b1 0.5 % fewer than 10 days since the $ was launched . 
  i 'd much prefer free trade , free movement of labour and ` ever closer union ' with the anglosphere than continental europe . 
  one is family , the other is just a collection of neighbours . 
  you should use * what * for both , imho . 
  * how * is asking about the process of receiving a name , * what * asks about the result . 
  if other redditors start posting more of these , please note it should be `` what different countries are called '' not `` how different countries are called '' . 
  scotland , wales and northern ireland have their own parliaments in their own capitals for ` devolved ' matters . 
  the parliament in london is for the whole uk . 
  in the uk parliament the house of commons is elected based roughly equal ( in population ) geographic constituencies so the representation is proportional to each nation ( near enough ) when added up . 
  the only nation that gets screwed is england . 
  it does n't get it 's own parliament , so on issues which only affect england the parliament in london is used . 
  however , all members of parliament , including those from scotland , get to vote . 
  it 's a bit of a sore point for many english people . 
  i am reasonably sure that 's just kids being kids and picking on others for being different . 
  you do occasionally hear the odd joke about the french , but only in the same way we 'd tell a joke about a good friend , a member of the family , or even ourselves . 
  it 's affectionate ribaldry . 
  we certainly do n't look down on the french . 
  a peerage and a seat in the house of lords are not the same thing . 
  a `` peerage '' is a title , one of five ranks : duke , marquess , earl , viscount and baron . 
  some peerages are granted as hereditary , others only for the remaining life of the holder ( always given the lowest rank of baron ) . 
  a seat in the house of lords is the right to sit in the upper house of our legislature . 
  all life peers ( there may be some exceptions , i 've not researched that far ) are granted the right to sit in the house of lords . 
  hereditary peers are not . 
  they must elect 92 from amongst themselves . 
  there was a reform bill last year , but it could n't get through the commons , mostly due to party-political reasons . 
  i think making it fully elected is an idea whose time will come , though we may have to wait a generation . 
  not quite . 
  there are still 92 seats reserved for those with hereditary titles ; they elect amongst themselves who gets to sit in them . 
  indeed . 
  also , the fact we have an hereditary head of state , and places in our upper legislative house reserved for bishops and those with hereditary titles . 
  fair enough . 
  it 's also not quite true that cromwell banned christmas . 
  i 'm just saying that that whilst the french enjoy a proper secular and democratic constitution , the british constitution is somewhat ... anachronistic . 
  i think that sweden and denmark are a bit closer . 
  there is a stronger sense of scandinavian solidarity than there is in western europe in general ( perhaps within the benelux ) . 
  for example , i understand that you would happily cheer for the denmark 's team if they were in a world-cup final . 
  we 're not quite that close with the french . 
  unless , perhaps , they were playing against germany . 
  we have a long and complex history . 
  like two siblings who fought relentlessly when growing up , we 've grown to accept each other as adults . 
  even if we 're not best of friends , we love each other deep down . 
  wine , bread , cheese , p\u00e2t\u00e9 : they have their priorities correct . 
  great wines . 
  i especially love a white burgundy . 
  or a sauterne with some foie gras and brioche . 
  overthrew their monarchy in revolution and ended up with * libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 * . 
  we on the other hand overthrew our monarchy and ended up with cromwell banning christmas . 
  properly secular . 
  great language , which i wish i had tried harder to learn it at school . 
  forbes do n't know how big the eu is ...  the world 's most powerful woman is the backbone of the 27-member european union and carries the fate of the euro on her shoulders . 
  assimilation so easy that you do n't have a choice ... 
  i 'd actually like to see more regional and local sovereignty . 
  power should be as distributed as possible . 
  the daily mail, 
  chocolate mayonnaise ? 
  is that really a thing ? 
  i think i disagree . 
  from my cursory reading the index is based on survey results asking questions about happiness . 
  they then use regression , using those variables , to try to explain the results of the survey . 
  my danish so explains the danish happiness as the result of lower expectations of life , rather than a higher quality of life . 
  it would be interesting to see if/how you could actually measure that . 
  i think a lot of people in the uk see the eu as a bit like a step-dad . 
  we have our real family , the anglosphere , where we share a culture and stuff , but we 've drifted apart and now mum 's got this new controlling boyfriend from next door . 
  we were ok with it when we first met him back in the 70s , but before we knew it they 'd got married and moved in and now we have to live in their house with all his weird kids . 
  and they keep on inviting their mates over who we find in our bedroom playing with our toys without ever asking us . 
  mum theoretically gets a voice , but in reality she just does whatever he tells her , and he really does n't care about us so he runs the place for his kids . 
  this is n't our family and he is n't our real dad , and we do n't like the way he treats mum . 
  i suppose the kids are nice enough , but we 'd rather we were still neighbours , who just trade toys , rather than family .
