   well-bred wat, 
   but in general they promoted a pro-science , naturalistic ( i.e. 
  humans and life in general came about due to natural forces rather than divine/spiritual ones ) view of the world . 
  do n't get the wrong idea , lysencism was full of bullshit ideas that had no proof or merit , curbing any opposition to it that had any scientific merit whatsoever , i do n't think it is worth calling pro-science , it 's more like pro-whatever-the-party-thinks-is-true . 
   yes , and he 's full of shit too , as are all marxists welp , obviously you know better . 
   it 's almost as if marxists are full of shit . 
  you do know that varoufakis is a marxist ? 
   `` kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 '' yesterday i said that to a couple of danes and they found it hilarious . 
  maybe they were polite . 
   just look at the difference betweeen polish and syrians for example . 
  are the syrians refugees or immigrant ? 
  are refugees allowed to work ? 
   only roughly one in ten of syrian immigrants in denmark work are they immigrants or refugees ? 
  can refugees are allowed by law to find employment in denmark ? 
   the numbers are even lower for somalian women . 
  i get your point but that culture is not exactly known for their inclusion of women in the workforce . 
  i mean that 's on them but it 's hardly surprising . 
   they are not very good at adapting to a western job market and the stats prove this . 
  which stats ? 
  i 'm just interested . 
  oh yeah , i forgot it 's not a semitic language , my bad . 
  yes , i have once spoken to this iranian guy who speaks farsi and he said that he was aware of the similarities and actually knew a couple of words with the same meaning . 
   it is also a popular feminine name in lithuania , meaning ` destiny ' or ` fate ' and derived from lithuanian pagan traditions . 
  dalia ( mythology ) is also said to mean `` a strong branch . '', 
  that being said , the meaning is pretty similar with hebrew . 
  i mean it really depends on reasoning . 
  i personally agree that we should accept the refugees ( my reasoning being that we kinda fucked up the place , and also that i think people should not be barred from looking for better life ) , but i understand those who oppose it . 
  either way , you can respect and admire somebody while not fully agreeing with them . 
   ignoring the important and legitimate grievances i see too much of that both in europe and the us . 
  when people are angry , they may not be reasonable , but there 's a good reason why they 're angry . 
  we do n't have any laws that protect small-businesses . 
  the big ones come in , sweep up the place and can set whatever prices they want . 
  we do n't have small shops in vilnius . 
  period . 
  this is good for people who are boycotting as they have not only caused a reaction from the chain stores and the pm , but they will be able to see that it is possible ( albeit difficult ) to live without the supermarket . 
  maxima contacting the vsd about it , offering huge discounts , the prime minister giving a speech about it . . yeah , it did absolutely nothing . 
  that 's one idea . 
  the other one is that we lack good laws that would prevent them from dominating the market . 
  i think it 's the latter , there 's little evidence for the former . 
  dunno man , murder rate is better than in lithuania . 
  this is like so ironic , is n't it ? 
  figuratively literally irregardless cliche . 
  words change meanings based on how people use them . 
  if you understand what the person says then it 's all good . 
  that 's the point of language . 
  being understood , not being correct . 
  i have spyware from all over the world , i just do n't discriminate . 
  i 'm not denying that there are factors other than tariffs , i 'm just going with krugman in saying that there wo n't be a substantial change in it so it may lead to thinking that it 's more , say , about patents , than about actual trade . 
  i do n't trust these sort of articles , but most of the stuff in these agreements are not really about trade , given that there are practically little to no tariffs anyway ? 
  i do n't understand why such an agreement is needed in the first place which leads me to ask questions who will gain from it and i can not blame the people who feel paranoid about it . 
  there are huge problems in lithuania everywhere you 'll look . 
  stupid fiscal policy , low salaries , and i mean the only place you can look forward to living in is practically vilnius , and just one city does n't count , you need the whole country to be in a healthy situation economically and that is not the case , because of low aggregate demand which is perpetrated by low salaries . 
  84 percent of people make less than 1000 euros . 
  there 's little to disagree with in the video . 
  in regards to wealth inequality , since wealth tends to be concentrated in the upper centiles and the lower half of the population tends to have roughly 0 wealth , the income from wealth becomes a big problem . 
  while labour income is not a big issue in eu , the gap in income from wealth will nevertheless expand and as such the income inequality will inevitably rise as income from wealth can be invested into buying even more wealth and increasing the concentration of wealth . 
  i am very sorry , i just woke up . 
  this was just an example , obviously it does not paint the whole picture , but the growth in general is not sustainable . 
  the emigration is hitting our economic capacity , but it is just the face of an incapable bureaucracy that is unable to defend the little players . 
  the middle class is taxed unreasonably while the upper class only contributes the same percentage of income to tax as the lower classes . 
  for sustainable economic growth the buteaucracy would need to be completely overhauled and the tax code would need to be changed . 
  at the moment the tax code incentivizes you to either start your own business to avoid paying too much tax or just emigrating . 
  it is also unecessarily complex , so your economic well being depends on how well can you find amd abuse the many loopholes . 
  this does not change over time as , like daron acemoglu has put it , the upper classes dont want to vhamge the system that put them there in the first place . 
  the lower classes are uneducated and incapable of political action , the middle class is too narrow and does not show much interest in political action as well . 
  at the moment we are in a downward spiral , and change will only happen after nothing less then a broad political action by the many . 
  theres little sign that this will happen . 
  you think so , but youre being humble . 
  you inherited some of the german insitutions and are imbued by the positive aura of finland . 
  i am being sincere , your growth is sustainable and institutional . 
  i have a great respect for estonias achievements . 
  absolutely , the less people we have , the more richer we are !, 
  especially given that our ( lithuania 's ) very so much sustainable growth of 3.5 % gdp yearly is supported by exactly 3.5 % gdp worth of eu funds . 
  all of this is very sustainable and will create a baltic paradise !, 
  i think with economic development estonia will get much better and feel more comfourtable having a laugh about these things . 
  lithuania , on the other hand , is not really getting more economically developed so it might be that our lack of economic power might transform into the power of the butthurt . 
  shit , i mean a baltic people . 
  yeah man , i get to live here . 
  it 's like reddit , but all the time . 
  tell that to the people who create our history curiculum . 
  everybody gets taught a washed up stupid propaganda history timeline , if you feel differently about yourself then you didnt study history outside of school . 
  talk about saying a thing and getting proved right by angry balts one moment later :d, 
   ussr/russia is a root of all/most problems i am opposed to this narrative myself , but in this case i believe that their actions set the stage . 
  in this case . 
  i am not claiming that the government of lithuania is doing its best to rectify this , absolutely not . 
   there is nothing to propose , it is a well known fact that criminal activity is larger among travelling populations . 
  quite simply if you always travel then it is less likely you 'll get caught with criminal activity , this skews risk-reward equation for crime and as such larger percentage of people will engage in criminal activity . 
  this makes sense , although i would much rather the roma would be thieves and beggars than drug dealers . 
  also , in lithuania at least , they ca n't speak the local language . 
  of course , discrimination is probably a huge factor everywhere . 
  but discrimination is handled differently from one place to another , as are ethnic minorities and social policy in general . 
  so we can compare their situation in lithuania to their situation in , say , denmark , as in principle it is similar , but the percentages of unemployment , drug abuse and illiteracy are completely different . 
  look here , the data is all over the place : http://fra.europa.eu/en/publication/2012/situation-roma-11-eu-member-states-survey-results-glance in france they do n't go hungry , but they are most employed in czech republic ... 
  this is really strange . 
  that 's why i do n't want to comment on it much since there seems to be a lot of nuance that i am not aware of . 
  so if i can explain their situation in one place but not in the other makes the theory automatically incorrect ? 
  what sort of narrative ? 
  if you take a group of people who do n't speak the local language ( in vilnius , they barely speak even russian ) , and place them in the outskirts while barring them from practicing their usual activities , it makes sense that they will probably turn to crime . 
  just because i do n't know how authorities acted towards them in other places does n't mean this is incorrect . 
  i would rather that you would propose a theory on what actually happened rather than find reasons why my theory is incorrect .
