  one of the green parties , the green and peasant party , is owned by a dude who 's basically a huge landowner with a bad reputation . 
  the other ones are not left wing ( supported the new labour code ) . 
  i mean i understand it looks like i 'm just dismissing everything but for me these are deal-breakers . 
  maybe i am just not fit to vote this year . 
  i wholeheartedly agree with this but the main problem for me is that the democratic process should not be about not electing what you do n't like , but electing the people you actually think are good for the country . 
  and since in normative terms i am a socialdemocrat , i just can not bring myself voting for either liberals or conservatives , which , at the same time , i deem as the only two parties worth of any respect if you disregard the normative disagreements . 
  but they are still very important nonetheless . 
  i can not vote for liberals because i think they will block any possible progressive taxation which we desperately need ( or any new taxes - we really do need a new tax code ) , while i can not bring myself to vote for conservatives because i will feel guilty towards my gay friends and almost all women as far as `` family value '' laws are concerned . 
  i am left without anybody to give the vote to . 
  same in lithuania . 
  i would n't be so angry if liberals and conservatives pushed through a new labour code since at least the electorate elected them to do so . 
  but socialdemocrats ? 
  i ca n't vote for anybody since i do n't agree with the liberals on economics , the conservatives are too backwards socially and socialdemocrats can not even socialdemocrat . 
  i was joking . 
  if you guys wan na call yourselves americans , fine by me . 
   i know pedants love to point this out , but we live in a world where europe is increasingly used as a synonym for the eu . 
  says the united states of american . 
  i misheard him say `` the tiny island of `` my yacht '' '' and proceeded to watch this as a parody ... 
  that 's a long shot . 
  i mean it collapsed because of many reasons but they were more systematic than just housing development . 
   why we hated tsarist russia he became a symbol for that but objectively the main source of income for the local nobles was selling to the peasants that grew the potatoes that was used to make vodka , so it was n't that he was trying to hurt the economic interests of the local nobility ... 
  and do n't smile , it will make things weird . 
   do you mean `` revolt '' ? 
  it was a flash-mob peaceful * revolving action to spin our way into having access to the sea . 
  * a couple of people died, 
   he did help the economy nope . 
  i have doubts if germans actually believe that as well . 
  he brought down an economically re-surging country and made terrible crimes against humanity while on the way there . 
  maybe part of the problem is that people hide away their sorrows . 
  either way , it is not a universal truth that everyone is ashamed of their shitty life . 
  i think he is more of an asshole than a right-winger to be honest . 
  lenin spoke english with an irish accent . 
  that is , reportedly , no recordings survive so it is impossible to tell . 
  i think it is more related to the backlash that happens when somebody else is acting selfish and not pro-social . 
   `` hur dur econumiks nu sciens '' ~ ~ i 'll just leave that there , thanks for the discussion . ~ ~ edit : alright , disregarding that remark , are these models considered to be a part of the mainstream economics ? 
  do they provide a solution or just explain the effects of information asymmetry etc ? 
  dude , `` neoclassical '' microeconomics considers consumers to be computers with absolute knowledge , disregards distances , values and prosocial behaviour inherent to us . 
  edit : thanks to the dude below, 
  ahh yes , the infallible science that is economics . 
   especially when financial institutions wo n't be bailed out as easily in the next crisis anymore . 
  do you have a link on that ? 
  would be interesting to read more . 
  and a significant part of lithuanians are actually one of the many tribes that used to live here and speak in a different language and yada yada ... 
  the point is , they identify as polish , they 're polish . 
  there 's no * true * polishman . 
   the turkish people voted for erdogan , and it 's obvious they support him . 
  you know who was voted in too ? 
  * comparisons intensify !, 
  keynes argued that a recession demands the government to spend more , while austerity is for times when the economy is doing well ( because the people can take it ) . 
  more austerity in europe is not the answer , we had austerity for 8 years now . 
  enough is enough . 
  we should tackle issues with investment , issues with trade inbalance in eu , this is how you grow an economy . 
  i 'm sorry but i find myself sometimes very emotional about this topic . 
  you can not explain what is happening with france just by taking it 's own internal workings into account . 
  you have to look at the wider eu context and the effects of austerity on the bloc . 
  investments are struggling , the eur is deflating , growth is extremely low , middle-class is receding , the wages are stagnating , etc. 
  whatever social securities france has could actually be worsening the situation , but i do n't believe is the cause of it . 
  hey !, 
  it 's just basic ( classical ) economics !, 
  the ones that got us to 2008 . 
  stop attacking * science * . 
   was n't influenced by poland in any way at time before commonwealth so it makes 0 sense . 
  you gon na have to clarify your sentence , saying that poland had no influence on lithuania before 1569 is quite far fetched . 
   we ca n't say those things anymore because nowadays all cultures are equal . 
  wow , you 're so edgy . 
  i suppose that makes sense . 
   his position on the falklands what 's wrong with it ? 
   you know ... finance has the job of allocating resources in society . 
  it 's debatable whether ( in a perfect society ) not generating any wealth and just shifting it around would translate into a bigger paycheck than actually generating wealth . 
  i am not saying you 're wrong , just saying that this is the reason why some people think that of banks . 
  how dare you call yourself a politician . 
  the uk needs experience , not naivety . 
  felt to me the other way around all the time , given that for most of the time the slavic people were culturally more advanced than us , i just figured we took a lot of their words for ourselves . 
  we also have a pretty similar structure when it comes to our languages . 
  more importantly , we are a part of slavic-baltic language branch already . 
  troika is composed of european commission with the european central bank and the international monetary fund , two of which is not composed of elected officials and one that is dominated by germany . 
  they have made demands with extreme consequences and greece had little to do than accept . 
  i agree with you that it was up to syriza to keep their promise , but the insane influence that troika has over greece is astounding and does n't do much to make the eu look more democratic . 
  the undemocratic part was troika . 
  i am not talking about greece itself here . 
   is the european parliament not democratic ? 
  are the heads of state sent to the european council not democratically elected ? 
  see what troika did to greece . 
  i do not fully agree with his opinion , but saying that the eu is completely democratic would be far fetched as well . 
   nobody seems to like us nothing changed in 100 years i guess, 
   pretty cool i assume you 're talking about temperature . 
  it 's very cold here . 
   ... already ? 
  what are you planning up there ? 
  i do n't know , it made perfect sense in hoi4 . 
   lithuanian/estonian border ? 
  huh ? 
  did we annex latvia already ? 
  oh , sorry about that . 
  had different connotations in mind . 
   it is ok to be upset about cheap foreign labour undermining local wages ? 
  sure as hell it is . 
  but i 'm not sure if there 's any statistics that could prove that . 
  i think that countries with high immigration tend to have less unemployment , as counter-intuitive as it may sound . 
  one can assume .
