  the real side of the story , you know . 
  in all honesty , we were the ones who cried for more sanctions on russia . 
  ever watched russian tv ? 
  i 'm sorry about your loss but this does not change the fact . 
  how does you being middle class make the middle class in russia bigger ? 
  i 'm not sure what do you mean by hate camp . 
  it 's not really about hate . 
  well , you must understand that you are saying that you support a government that supports what most of the world considers terrorist . 
  you support an oppressive , homophobic , bully government . 
  you support a government that sustains itself only because it keeps the middle class small and the lower class huge and filled with blind patriotism . 
  i 'm sure that you can find more than one reason why people might not like it . 
  it is a shame though , what 's happening in russia . 
  ask anyone , people love russians , but not russia . 
  thank you for the video , it actually changed my point of view on the issue . 
  i can not say that i completely disagree with you , i still feel that it was a bad fiscal policy followed by the southern countries that resulted in the crisis . 
  i do thank you for broadening my mind on this issue though . 
  i still feel that we need euro , but i feel that there are definite downsides to it . 
  however , afaik eu has given plenty of funds to lithuania to develop almost everything , so i feel that this is still a good thing . 
  the northen countries fare well and do n't have the situation greece has . 
  i do agree that a common fiscal policy needs to be established before a monetary one , but that does not mean that it was n't pigs own fault that they hit such a recession . 
  you can not blame that just on the eurozone , especially since that was n't the case with northern eurozone countries . 
  indeed it was a complex situation that has to do with the industrial composition of the southern countries , were manufacturing sector is barely existent , and more other problems . 
  if you blame it all on euro , you are oversimplifying that as well . 
  you do understand that pigs got into that situation due to loans they were taking . 
  what euro did is allow them to loan more . 
  that 's it . 
  it was their own doing , yes . 
  anyway , you can watch this or continue using your bullshit sarcasm to say nothing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8xaxjx9wj8, 
  exactly . 
  the elders are reactionary about it but they are always reactionary . 
  hence the polls . 
  of course , i would be lying if i would say that there are no young people who do n't support it . 
  but it 's mostly due to mis-information about how the prices will go up and the occasional `` hey , look at greece '' bullshit . 
  as far as i have noticed , the division coincides with the age gap . 
  honestly , based on the swedes i know , they just do n't care about it . 
  at all . 
  saying that they think they 're `` past culture '' implies that they care . 
  yeah , a country filled with immigrants . 
  i imagine a failed , weak state . 
  like the usa . 
  most swedes i know take pride in their progressiveness rather than culture . 
  you could say that their progressiveness is their culture . 
  of course , it might not work at first , but it does n't mean that it is a bad thing anyway , it just needs some time . 
  so two infertile heterosexual people can not marry by law , that 's what you 're saying ? 
  it stands for that everywhere , but with time definitions change as they should . 
  he probably meant ussr . 
  yugoslavia left the boat pretty quick so it did n't affect it as much . 
  it would 've been legit if the eu was called judeo-gay-nazi-masonic western lapdogs . 
  that 's the official title , i think . 
  uhh , it 's called satire , i think . 
  no , they do n't have that right ( because it is unconstitutional ) . 
  besides , they really do n't want that ( http://www.iri.org/sites/default/files/2013%20october%207%20survey%20of%20crimean%20public%20opinion,%20may%2016-30,%202013.pdf ) . 
  thing is , that would oppose the ukrainian constitution and the international guarantees of ukraine 's indivisibility . 
  even russia used to falsely claim that it respects ukraine 's indivisibility . 
  so it would not be legitimate . 
  the only legitimate way to go about it is to organize a referendum , but now that option is blurred because the crimean rada was taken over by russian forces . 
  i bet you know about what is happening in catalonia , scotland etc. 
  that is that the people there feel that they need independence and want to create their own , separate nation state . 
  that is not the case with crimea , as i 've mentioned , not only crimean russians do n't really want to secede , but the indegenous people ( tatars ) want to stay with ukraine . 
  the russians have their nation state already , so it is not about that . 
  it 's basically a poor region in ukraine that russia is trying to use for strategic gain . 
  currently the situation is that putin wants to create an illusion that the crimeans want independence or to become a part of russia , which is not really true . 
  like with kaliningrad , crimea was heavily russified during the soviet times and putin now relies on the russiant majority in crimea . 
  crimean tatars are too few and want to stay with ukraine . 
  crimean russians want to be with russia . 
  nobody really wants independence that much . 
  crimea does not have the economy nor the infrastructure to remain independent . 
  it will either be in ukraine , or a russian puppet state or a part of russia . 
  remember south osetia ? 
  they still do n't have any running water in their capital . 
  russia just occupied that state and left it for itself , no infrastructure or anything has been developed as to this date . 
  because the reason putin wants to conquer new lands is his megalomania . 
  there is no legitimate reason for crimea to secceed . 
  edit : i understand where you 're coming from and i am not saying that you 're full of shit , but being from lithuania and reading both russian and western news , i think i really have a good understanding of how putin 's russia works . 
  crimea has two wind power plants and it gets water from ukraine , because there are no fresh water supplies in it . 
  it would be a complete suicide . 
  crimea has no reason to become independent . 
  it 's almost all russians and a few tatars ( who support staying in the ukraine ) . 
  edit : in short , if crimea would be independent , it would not have a constant water supply . 
  really , a constant water supply got ta be a must for an independent country . 
  it 's weird , we lithuanians are ( at least ) taught that koscziuszka was our compatriot ( ukrainian origins , self-identified lithuanian or something similiar ) and how proud we should be of him . 
  of course , now that i 'm studying history i understand how futile is blind patriotism , i understand that he should be considered either ukrainian ( in today 's terms ) or polish ( in the sense of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth , not the crown ) . 
  well , we are also labeled the same because our development etc is very simliar ( though , admitedly , not exactly the same ) . 
  there are a lot of things that unite us besides being post-soviet , especially in perspective of europe . 
  i understand your point though . 
  if harder to draw by kindergardeners . 
  i used to think `` how do their kindergardeners draw that flag '' when i would see a flag with coat of arms on it . 
  no , the baltic states is a term for all of the three of our nations not because of balts or anything . 
  baltic states used to mean finland , estonia , latvia and lithuania in the interwar period . 
  it was for post-imperial russian states near the baltic coast . 
  now it 's for post-soviet states near the baltic coast . 
  yeah , that 's kinda what politicians do . 
  our current goverment is afraid to make any substantial statements , because while being moderates , they fear that any `` progressive '' talk would allow populists to employ anti-moderate retoric and win the upcoming elections . 
  i sure am waiting for the `` screw elections '' moderates to return ... 
  look , we are running from russia here , so just ... 
  morningtour, 
  ukraine would also benefit from eu 's regulations , it would bring the corruption down to the minimum . 
  trade is always helpful , and eu is a much richer market to trade with than russia will ever be . 
  also , lithuania had negiotiated prices with russia . 
  it did not go well .
