  the political and economic institutions are extractive . 
  people do n't leave because they do n't get dat mony . 
  they leave because the extractive institutions limit their potential and opportunity . 
  they leave to find life in places where small businesses are n't chocked at the benefit of large ones that have contacts with the local municipalities , they leave for places where labour rights are respected and your income is not heavily taxed while somebody else pays much less , despite being able to pay much more . 
  our economy will start crumbling once we stop receiving the money from eu because it is not inclusive - the country is not using the only resource that really matters - its people . 
  and they are leaving , there is no turning back from this . 
  ireland will not happen here due to entrenched interests , due to much weaker political institutions , due to a lack of people who recognise their economic interests and are able and willing to defend them . 
  but you can be in a positivist denial that things just naturally become better for no reason whatsoever . 
  but if you want to be honest with yourself , find a country in europe that lives well and i will tell you how much the people there had to fight to gain this right . 
  lithuanians are simply incapable of defending their economic rights and this will allow the extractive institutions to remain . 
  otherwise , please show me a positive development in economics that shows that lithuania will rise and i will change my mind . 
  i just can not find any . 
  blaming the ussr for everything is useless at this point . 
  this was possible only due to a lack of a civil society which was a problem before ussr , during and after its downfall . 
  the tax code can still be reformed , but people do n't know anything about it or do n't feel able to change it . 
  why should the kgb thugs still be in power ? 
  why should they be able to perform economic activity and not pay any taxes still ? 
  people who are living off pensions definitely suffered . 
  this transition was n't to a democratic capitalist economy , but to a hijacked free market failure that resulted in an oligarchy . 
  look at the tax code . 
  the middle class has to bear most of the tax burden , the rich pay shit , the poor pay more than in developed countries . 
  the pensions that old people receive place them below the poverty treshold . 
  the economic system of lithuania does n't make any sense ( so people are leaving the place ) and it does not function as a free market economy , and based on the decisions of the political institutions , it seems that there 's not much of a democracy as well . 
  in elections you pick among a couple of parties that after elected tend to favour the wealthy elites . 
  during the last 25 years the vat ( which is regressive ) was increased , tax on dividends decreased , yada yada . 
  a democracy works to better the lives of the many while using the elections as a way to legitimise its power and to remain acountable to the people . 
  you see where the boat is sinking from afar . 
  you are using a conformist term . 
  i call it `` homo-lets not try to find out why the person is thinking the way it is and just label him '' . 
  you are the epitome of conformism because you do n't want to adjust your views to a reality where from a certain perspective a certain world-view makes sense . 
  and to your last point , you are indeed correct . 
  that 's why people are leaving this shithole of a country . 
  soviet union was bad , but this is only mildly better , considering those who lost out on the transition . 
  and when you take a system that is wayyy better than the soviet system and still manage to fuck it up , you know you 're in a messed up place . 
  old people who can not pay for their medicine nowadays , how about that ? 
  a lot of old people are scrounging the streets for bottles to pay for medicine . 
  people in the regions who have no jobs as well ? 
  ( oh it 's their fault , cause their alcoholics , that 's right ! ), 
  you 're such a homo sovieticus by the way . 
  i hear this cliche all the fucking time , like the people in lithuania are brainwashed to say the same fucking thing ... 
  in ussr you had `` the enemy of the people '' or `` burgoisie '' , now you have `` homo sovieticuses '' all the time ... critical thinking ? 
  not in democratic lithuania , why would you need it ? 
  anyway , not everyone won in the transition . 
  haha , russians ca n't have their own opinion , haha, 
  i am a historian . 
  debating nationalities based on how they are currently understood is stupid . 
  you are not stupid , but the thing is stupid . 
  there were no natonalities and they did n't matter as much . 
  lithuanians are descendands of gdl peasants . 
  that 's why we ca n't fucking take care of our own cities and they look like shit . 
  cheerio !, 
  it was more in a moral sense rather than a physical possibility . 
  i am dead sure that she will run away from as many battles as humanly possible . 
  and this is how democracy brings about thr balance of power , which is essential for it to function . 
  you can not just run away from that !, 
   politically-disadvantageous well i 'll be damned , who would 've thought that it is politically disadvantageous to participate in democratic debates . 
  that still means that it was , at best , an oligarchy for most of it 's existence . 
  similar to hungary . 
  the tyranny of the nobility was ultimately its downfall . 
  it 's hard to argue that being attacked from three sides is the problem when there was n't any military capacity in the first place . 
   lets not pretend that peasantry were n't too stupid to participate in the political life . 
  10 % of the society able to participate was quite a big chunk back then . 
  being able to participate in politics has little meaning when the politics are decided by the most wealthy and powerful . 
  it was an institution that gave de facto powerful nobles de jure power . 
  there was little to gain for the little guys in all of this as there was little balance of power between them and the szclachtas . 
  you could argue that more people had actual political power and representation in absolutist france or england than in plc , as there were independent cities that were defended by the kings against the nobility that were very wealthy and populous . 
  people `` voted '' in the ussr but that does not mean that they were able to participate in the political life . 
  liberum veto was a direct consequence of the things i have mentioned . 
  if it was n't for them , the liberum veto would have been reformed out or would have never been a thing in the first place . 
  institutional change is dictated by the strongest powers in a country , in this case - the upper nobility , which found it useful . 
  if the upper nobility was weaker ( due to a more powerful monarch or bourgeoisie ) then they would not be able to keep this . 
  any country depends greatly on a balance of power in a society . 
  in plc there were no strong cities , since there was no capable king to protect the bourgeoisie against the nobility , therefore the only thing that kept the nobility 's power in check was the other nobles , as they were the dominant social group and the king had to rely on them to stay in power . 
  the cities were as good as non-existent when it comes to social , economic and as an extension political power . 
   well yeah , in plc about 10 % held the power . 
  comparing to a single king in most places at the time . 
  this is a gross simplification of the situation . 
  the people had way more actual power and representation in , say , england at that time . 
  the problem lay at the very foundation of the society that was simply hijacked for the benefit of the powerful . 
  there was no centralised state that would have been capable to meaningfully change the way society worked . 
  there was almost no industry in the country since nobles saw industry as a threat to their power and wealth . 
  the problems go way deeper than just `` no military funding '' . 
  this whole `` lets not fight '' mentality was not because they were naive , but because they saw it as a way to pay less taxes . 
  also , a centralised army in the state might have been used to take power away from them , and in no way would have they allowed it . 
  make no mistake , it was basically an obscene oligarchical absolutism , a country ruled by powerful nobles who cared about nothing else but their own wealth and power , and this was what led to it 's decline . 
  if it was so liberal and progressive then there would have been a functioning military to protect it . 
  for a country to properly function , there has to be a balance of power between the social groups , otherwise one social group or actor will destroy the incentives for others and lead to a country which is basically only alive to serve its master . 
  given that , the constituion of may 3rd was actually a thing that would have made the country strong , stable and on its way to greatness . 
  it was the best political product of the commonwealth and something to be proud of . 
  economic performance is related to many factors that can appear both in capitalism and socialism in varying degrees . 
   there was no government left , the institutions were dissolved or integrated no . 
  under the occupation , there were fake elections where a left wing pro soviet government was elected and then asked to join the soviet union . 
  so in that sense , you are not correct , there was institutional continuation . 
  the first government was quasi-independent , before lithuania was fully absorbed into the union . 
  yup , that 's what we said back in ' 08 . 
  now life is a lot better . 
  you have to go through shit to get that little bit of cream at the bottom . 
  edit : lithuanian here, 
  it was not a terrible idea , was executed terribly . 
  pigs should have changed their economic structure before adapting a stable currency , which they are not used to having .
