  but that 's just my opinion , it 's not like i 'm teaching this to children or something . 
  you know i was fascinated by his writings so maybe i exaggerate a bit like we all sometimes do . 
   or it is n't really an issue . 
  the man talked issues . 
  but a lot of people have successfully managed to identify potential ills of capitalism before it went on full force . 
  they were wrong on some accounts as well . 
  that 's why it 's always important to see if there 's logic in somebody 's words rather than see if it turned out to be true or not . 
  we are talking about perceptions here more than about actual value . 
  lithuanians do n't think it 's great because of nationalism . 
  rational historians agree that this was the pathway to a golden age , but it also meant the polonization of the higher classes and loss of sovereignty . 
  we were the lesser partner in the union . 
  so lots of butthurt all around . 
  oh and gdl lost ukraine as a part of the deal . 
   also we had a fricking council responsible for dealing with religion-motivated violence . 
  during the times of reformation . 
  and regarding that . 
  your mileage may vary . 
  catholics in vilnius killed disabled and elderly people in a reformed church just because of a mishap involving using arrows to shoot down crows and accidentally damaging a catholic painting in the process . 
  the only reformed church in vilnius at the moment was built at the end of xix century . 
  it is the seventh one . 
  because the ones before burned . 
  what he said . 
  trust me , i do office work for a huge international service sector company and i feel as productive as the next unemployed guy . 
  i mean i do a lot of work , but the meaningfulness of it just escapes me . 
  i also do freelance writing . 
  yet again it is not meaningful as in producing something good for people ( unless you print the articles out and eat them ) but at least i can see my writing published somewhere and it gives semblance of producing something . 
  but when it comes to marx 's capital , most of the stuff he talks about does make sense . 
  for example how the employer extracts way and i mean way more value out of the work of his employee than he pays him . 
  and what is actually funny is that my hardline conservative brother found out that he makes his salary in just a couple hours of work . 
  he made a fuss about it at work and got a raise . 
  but making less salary than what you produce is an issue that marx has brought attention to . 
  see apple not knowing what to do with it 's surplus money yet employing a company that treats it 's employees in such a fascinating way that they resort to suicide . 
  man , i know the feels . 
  marx had many great ideas which have nothing to do with whatever the soviets were up to , but if i would try to introduce some idea that marx had , for example , specialization leading to less satisfaction with work , even though it makes sense , i 'm an extreme left-wing soviet apologist all the sudden . 
  to declare bankruptcy you need a lawyer , which costs money you do n't have . 
  it 's not all that simple . 
  to become a drunk or a drug addict , there 's a long way there . 
  some people get thrown into their lives and get fucked up immediately . 
  you can read about the children in orphanages . 
  a lot of them get raped by their peers . 
  there 's one interview with a homeless guy in vilnius . 
  he had to perform oral sex since he was 12 . 
  he was forced by his peers . 
  he is a victim of this . 
  could you live a normal life after such a childhood ? 
  it happens to a lot of people before they can actually change anything . 
  childhood in the orphanage , dysfunctional family of alcoholics and drug abusers . 
  there are things that are very difficult to grow out of , there are things that just mess you up and make you incapable of normal life . 
  it 's much more complicated than just making the right choices in your life . 
  you also have to understand that in some cases of bankruptcy the owner of the company is charged with huge amounts of money he has no way of paying . 
  you can also receive a regular credit and later in life lose your job and have nothing to pay it out from . 
  loans pile up , you end up in the street , even if you could find a job you could n't survive on it as they would take your salary away from you . 
  i understand the natural need of most people to feel more normal or better than others , but i do n't think that we should apply this to homeless people . 
  especially given that not all homeless people are smelly beggars . 
  you might have passed a dude in a clean shirt that just has no place to stay in and is struggling in life . 
  you have to remember that alcoholism is a psychological disease that may be caused by trauma , depression etc. 
  you must remember that sometimes people get into stupid debts and any chance at making it in life is stripped away from them forever as the repo man will come for whatever you have or make very month . 
  there 's no incentive to do anything , because everything will be taken away from you . 
  you may one day find yourself in such a situation . 
  i hope not . 
  but the very chance of this happening should make you more sympathetic . 
  oh boy , come to lithuania , you 'll be surprised even more . 
  fixed . 
  yes . 
  we have mild winters . 
  there was a de23powerzation program in germany after the second world war to prevent any further unpredictable movements and revanchism . 
  it has little to do with the death of it 's elite . 
  look at russia . 
  most of the elite killed during the revolution . 
  mentality still the same . 
  worth a try . 
  thanks !, 
  in hindsight , i have not signed an official contract . 
  hell , i have n't even seen the guy . 
  i moved in because it 's a semi-good area and the price was right , during the recession they charged less than usual , then back again to normal ( so the rent was always reasonable ) , but now they want to charge more because the prices are increasing . 
  that happens every year because you have students moving in so a huge increase in demand . 
  but once that settles , the prices will go back to normal . 
  i think he does n't realize that , so once the prices go back , i will immediately move out . 
  my landlord increased my rent by 30 euros for no reason . 
  fuck that guy . 
   ` oh wow , how could they be like that ' ( and in it there 's also the implication that he is not like and also that he is , intrinsically , morally superior by comparison ) . 
  i think that you are the one who read too much into this . 
  we should be surprised and appalled whenever there 's a physical assault on a person for no good reason ( if there are any ) . 
  you can not say that somebody was `` more heinous '' just because they had an empire and say that you are absolutely correct because this is just a subjective assessment of history . 
  if anything , having an independent nation for so long separates swedes from ukrainians . 
  but the main thing is that this is just irrelevant to homophobia . 
  do n't mix social and political history . 
  they intertwine but are not the same thing . 
  also , being homophobic sucks no matter where you 're from and he has a right to be surprised . 
  well this sort of eloquence is just flabbergasting, 
  wait . 
  that 's not how history works ... 
  source ? 
  afaik , actually increasing and there are signs that kadyrov is growing more and more independent of putin . 
  there 's even a theory that nemtsov was killed by kadirov 's men just to say `` f. . . you '' to putin . 
  can you please explain ? 
  not while traveling , but we had an exam ( i study history ) on the nazi occupation of some of the central/eastern european countries . 
  i got slovenia . 
  even though it was clearly stated that we do not need to prepare on yugoslavia and it 's constituents . 
  and this was the bit that confused me - i was sure slovenia was in yugoslavia , yet we were told there will be no yugoslavia in the exam , so i must have been wrong .
