  standardization is the term i was referring to . 
  i 've seen lithuanian with polish , swedish and german phonetic symbols , introducing russian into the mix could n't have been much of a big deal , especially considering that the ban itself was inconsistent and had many nuances to it . 
   you sound very patronizing , as if i 'm incapable of comprehending the purpose of historians . 
  i 'll have you know that i studied classics as a minor in university . 
  i do n't mean to be very patronizing , it just took a while for myself to grasp the true purpose . 
  once that happened , i started noticing that a lot of people have a very dismissive attitude towards history and the role of historians , i 've heard remarks such as `` what 's the point , it 's all written already ! '', 
  too many times , so i apologize if i sounded patronizing . 
  you do have a good knowledge of it . 
   how is it exaggerated ? 
  in my experience , people recount it as a failure since it did n't work , the main repercussion was the increase in illiteracy . 
  i fail to see how increased illiteracy is n't a big deal . 
  increased illiteracy in 100 years ? 
  what ? 
  you mean like lithuanian illiteracy ? 
  the nation that had no written language ? 
   what 's normal or not is a subjective matter . 
  yes and no . 
  what is normal under those circumstances during those times is exactly what a historian must understand . 
  you can not throw in a fact without context and use it for pure emotional value . 
  only in understanding the context you can fully understand what was happening at that time . 
   as far as i 'm aware it was , i 'm talking about public speaking . 
  practically all books i 've read on the subject ( and it 's not that many books ) all of them state this . 
  and this is a prime example of that . 
  if such a law was actually enacted , what are it 's effects ? 
  the few lithuanians that lived in towns did n't speak lithuanian even if they knew it because the main urban languages were polish and russian . 
  the only people who spoke lithuanian until the end of the century were peasants . 
  who are unsupervised . 
  because they live in villages . 
  away from administrative centers . 
  but this is for the sake of the argument . 
  i have not heard about any such ban whatsoever . 
  it would have been ridicilous . 
  look , i am not aiming at your intelligence , i am just saying that historians exist for a reason . 
  if you understand the context of a specific period you can comprehend historical facts more accurately and dismiss those that have no basis . 
   prohibited the public use of polish and lithuanian \u2713 speaking in lithuanian was never prohibited , even when the polish alphabet was banned some of the books were still allowed to circulate . 
   closed polish and lithuanian schools \u2713 to some extent . 
  the local government knew about most of the illegal schools and did not always close them . 
   banned the use of latin and gothic scripts \u2713 it was not a complete ban , some books were allowed to circulate , mostly it was done to seperate lithuanians from the poles . 
   favored the russian orthodox church over catholicism ,  lutheranism or calvinism \u2713 and favoured calvinism over lutheranism , and those two over catholicism . 
  that has nothing to do with russification , it is very normal that a state favours it 's state religion ? 
   banned non-orthodox schools \u2713 never heard about that . 
  closed ? 
  yes , but banned ? 
  hell no . 
   additional taxes for non-orthodox nobles \u2713  limitations of how much land non-orthodox could own \u2713 this one is funny because orthodox nobles were taxed more and had less rights in gdl . 
  it was normal practice . 
  by the way , it did cause some of the people to register as orthodox . 
  only officially tho . 
  did n't make us all orthodox . 
   most significant however , the grand statutes of lithuania were repealed \u2713 yes , they let the lithuanian nobles keep the statutes as a privilege and took it away after the rebellion . 
  is n't it normal practice to ensure that rebellions have repercussions ? 
  whatever muravyov said i would n't be familiar with , i had to study what his administration did , not just from historiography , but also from sources that are available to us . 
  this repression period is grossly exaggerated . 
   the main aim was russification russification is not the result but actually the means by which assimilation can be achieved , it was applied in ukraine , belarus , but no such rigorous methods were applied in lithuanian lands . 
  in lithuania it was , at worst , acculturation that happened , rather than assimilation . 
  nobody actually thought they could make russians out of lithuanians . 
  again , as i 've mentioned already , school textbooks are so fucking stupid i just ca n't even . 
   tried to suppress our culture by banning our alphabeth . 
  i 'm gon na be the asshole who fixes the holes that were left by our history course in high school . 
  there was no intention to suppress lithuanian culture , just to separate it from the polish culture . 
  they replaced the polish alphabet with russian , we did n't have our own anyway . 
   a cushy do-fuck-all office job . 
  ah , the dream . 
   you consider animal species equal to you ? 
  there is a belief that just because something is subjectively not as intelligent as we are does n't mean they are inferior objectively ( see earthling on youtube ) . 
  i personally think that nothing warrants treating a living being like shit . 
  yeah , i 've read an article about a tax collector who had to pay for his work computer 's internet with his own money cuz the government does n't have a lot of it 's own . 
  could be due to that . 
  why are you teasing me ? 
  just show me them cases !, 
  so it 's related to estonia ? 
  i know quite a few of them and i accept that i probably wo n't know the one you are studying , i am still damn curious !, 
  i smoke and i hate smoking indoors . 
  some clubs here have smoking rooms for you to get your clothes all smelly in . 
  for me , smoking indoors is just filthy , i can only imagine how it can affect a non-smoker . 
   mockpa was the glorious capital renamed to moskra ? 
   one of its cases . 
  which one if you do n't mind me asking ? 
   in fairness the rich do pay a higher percentage than everyone else , up to 45 % . 
  on paper . 
   `` easter '' is called `` velykos '' and the etymology is slavic as in `` great night '' or something, 
   what rights are there left to fight for in europe ? 
  yeah i mean after they won the right to do way more housework and childcare than men there 's really nothing else left to fight for . 
  like equal pay , equal representation ... 
  things of the past , amirite ? 
  i do suppose european women fighting for their own rights where they are as opposed to going against the oppressive regimes in the middle east is really just slacking . 
  good job guys , you managed to turn a discussion about a tragedy into an anti-feminist rant . 
  nice . 
  it was called the `` removal of polish fundamentals '' and the point was separating the lithuanians from the poles culturally , so that lithuanians would n't get up in arms with the poles again ( acculturation was one of the goals as well , but the russians never thought they could assimilate lithuanians and did n't attempt to , they just wanted to integrate us ( most likely ) ) . 
  note that only the alphabet was changed , from polish ( with all the sz , cz etc. ), 
  to a cyrillic alphabet . 
  the language was untouched . 
  we did not have our own alphabet back then . 
  also , lithuanian printing press was not completely prohibited , there 's a lot of nuance there as well . 
  somebody shared an article about the prohibition ( the author obviously did n't even spend a minute in the archives researching the matter , btw ) , a collection of sources was cited there back from the ussr times . 
  i have read those sources , especially regarding muravyov , they did point to the fact that not all lithuanian books were banned and there were discussions as to what should be banned and what not . 
  i have also located one source in the archives stating that a lithuanian got arrested for having a polish letter with him , pointing to the fact that it was the connection with the poles that worried the russian officials rather than the lithuanian language itself ( they could n't understand polish so they were worried it contained something bad ) . 
  he had a nickname `` hangman '' because he was supposed to discipline people who participated in a revolt against the government . 
  it is not surprising that disciplinary measures were taken against an unruly nation , at least by the standards of those times . 
  memoirs are memoirs , they do not count as historical research , which is necessary to understand the phenomena with the least amount of bias as possible .
