  in lithuania we just point at the guy . 
  the great bit was, 
  same with england after william the conqueror . 
  lithuanian was not spoken in the courts of the grand duchy , and german was widely spoken in the courts of poland . 
  this was really a normal thing . 
  imho , the nobles of a smaller culture would always try to emulate a larger one , especially on their way to modernization . 
  just fashion really . 
  that is exactly what i mean by saying `` the impact of wealth on politics is not binary '' ... that means that even if it has effect and always will , we should still strive to reduce it as much as possible , not start accepting it as a normality . 
  as with every other bad thing . 
   are you daft ? 
  maybe . 
  but there are n't many rags to riches stories these days , especially when you consider the people influencing politics . 
  most of the people that have a huge say in politics in the us or europe due to their wealth either were heirs or gained their wealth through politics . 
   call it unfair as much as you want , but that 's just how the world works . 
  everywhere . 
  this sounds very defeatist . 
  i mean the impact of wealth on politics is not binary and it can be turned into a more democratic system by having strong institutions , just to start with . 
   my point was a self-made person is a better decision-maker than a wormy career politican whose only agenda is securing their cushy position . 
  that 's a false dilemma . 
  also , what is this decision making you are talking about ? 
  i can have a good sense of how to invest and understand the micro-economics well but that does not make me a great expert in fiscal and monetary policy . 
  knowledge and skills do n't translate like that . 
  this is hilarious . 
  you should stop drinking coffee before you appear on some list though . 
   `` drinking coffee in the morning '' , that posts photos like `` happy birthday to the bravest president putin '' wait , what ? 
   monarchy i think the correct word would be patrimonial aristocracy , or something . 
  monarchies have kings in them . 
   if anything , having amassed a fortune only proves that person can get things right . 
  yeah , like putin . 
  or you know what ? 
  trump as well !, 
  i guess that 's why they 're buddies . 
  i do n't understand this undemocratic notion in the baltic states that it 's okay that your wealth gives you political power . 
  it should n't . 
  weird , currently what i make makes me cry but i manage to save a hundred a month after expenses ( smoking included ) . 
  i always thought you guys in the west have it better ... 
  i think you 're making too many assumptions here . 
  you have n't even left the eu yet . 
  i think we all know that what schaeuble was proposing is more austerity . 
  it fixes everything . 
  like lithuanian socialists ( although we have no illusions about their values being far from socialist , we basically have many iterations of conservatives and some fringe parties ) , they have instated a very poorly thought out labour code which does n't help the workers much , as in removes some of their rights . 
  i suppose the socialists are ought to help out the workers somehow , otherwise there 's no point in being socialist . 
  i suppose the lesson here is that there is a need to distinguish de facto power from de jure power . 
  they are related but not necessarily correlate . 
  my friend , i 'd like to introduce you to ** constitutional monarchy ** . | edit : did n't mean to sound rude , but basically over time the monarchies that did not turn into republics became nominal monarchies when it comes to political power as the royalty had to give away it 's power in order to keep their heads . 
  that was my point indeed . 
   i wo n't go into this , but your nation was one of the murderous during ww2 , i hope you 're aware of this ( and i hope the new generation of lithuanians , whom recognise that some of their history is black , are as well ) . 
  i am but what does this have to do with it ? 
  we are discussing this one person . 
  in regards to a persons relation to the propaganda of his ideology i would recommend reading arendt , the origins of totalitarianism . 
  if i remember it well , her explanation is that when a person is exposed to intentionally produced propaganda as you have described it does not discourage him at all since he just thinks that the leader is so great at fooling `` the others '' and that it is meant for the outsiders anyway . 
  it 's a difficult topic and i am sorry if you found any insult on my regard , it was not intentional . 
  we need to separate his actions from his actual beliefs . 
  it is not necessary to be honestly and deeply involved in an ideology to commit terrible acts . 
  i am not trying to say that he was not an evil person , which he certainly was , only to say that his hatred and overall naziness probably did n't come from himself but was rather acquired by living in a regime that almost required everybody to think that . 
  you are completely right to disagree with me if you choose to do so , what i am trying to claim , however , is that his actions do not necessity mean well thought-out faith in antisemitism and nacionalsocialism and that his shallow views might have originated from just trying to fit in a society he was living in . 
  i was referring to raping , pillaging , killing innocent people . 
  while communist regimes are the biggest perpetrators here , i would note that in the us they tend to forget how the revolutionary war against england was basically a proxy war between france and england , while my own lithuanians tend to forget the nazi collaborators in memorial plaques saying that the jews were exterminated by nazis , etc. 
  lots of that going about , it does n't surprise me . 
  what surprises me is the lack of internal logic behind the nationalism of the aforementioned dude . 
   right wing parties , such as the ones currently in power in poland and hungary , are directly financially supported by the russian government and its private interest groups . 
  what about your le pens and farages and whatnot ? 
   ` bandit of evil ' ha , made me chuckle . 
  are you referring to the `` banality of evil '' ? 
  i mean by no means he 's not guilty , i 'm just saying that all his surroundings did was make him act like a nazi , not actually one . 
  his nazi beliefs were on the surface , but his self-contradicting meant that he actually did not think it through himself . 
  but of course , one can disagree with that . 
  they 're not lying , at least in their own view . 
  have you read `` eichmann in jerusalem '' ? 
  i like how arendt describes ecihmann , she says that his views are like bacteria on the skin . 
  it is what eichmann was taught to think , what he was supposed to think , but it did not come from within . 
  therefore the views that eichmann spouted was contradictory nonsense , since it did not come from within him but was forced upon him by his surroundings . 
  you can not expect a person to have a well-thought out ideology if it was not chosen by himself but rather forced upon him by society . 
  you have some of this in any society though , as it is sometimes impossible to tell where is the difference between fact and ideology , but getting ideologically lost in the ussr was even easier . 
  i suppose it 's not as much about whitewashing but about the way of thinking that `` either way , we were right '' . 
  it 's sometimes difficult to stand on common ground with most older lithuanian russians , the younger ones are a bit different in that sense though . 
  it reminds me of a guy i spoke to back in the day . 
  he was a russian guy who used to be in the soviet army . 
  when i asked him about the soviet troops actions in east germany at the end of ww2 he said `` it did n't happen . 
  and if it did - they deserved it . '' . 
  the way they construct their history is that they 're always defending themselves and are never in the wrong . 
  i 'll tell you once we are actually the next . 
  there 's a lot of hype for it ( as in it seems like people are almost enthusiastic about it ) but i just ca n't find any reasonable justification for thinking that the war with russia is inevitable and we are the next . 
  i think the sanctions should keep on going , but i also believe that many reasons would prevent russia from attacking , primarily its weak economy . 
  the sanctions are working well and when people mock the `` weak '' leaders of the west they are forgetting that these `` weak '' leaders are playing the long game . 
  on the other hand , this narrative that we are about to be attacked by russia does play well in our politics , which is the one thing i do n't like about it . 
  is this still supposed to be funny ? 
  i 'm not denying that , i 'm asking to try and understand why they have these opinions . 
  saying that `` oh , they 're homo sovieticus '' is just intellectually lazy and does n't explain anything . 
   homo sovieticus electorate + the party being financed by moscow . 
  i do n't think this is quite true . 
  a lot of poles are not quite happy here as they are n't integrated and live substantualy worse than lithuanians . 
  integration is a two-way street but i do n't think that lithuania has done much in that regard , given that a state can be much more coordinated in it 's efforts . 
  i mean we ca n't even let them have double language street signs ... and i mean if the russian propaganda is targeting the minorities that are not well off , then you 're right , but that comes second and it would n't be the case if they felt more at home and were better off . 
   the other ones are not left wing ( supported the new labour code ) . 
  i was referring to his party . 
  as far as i had dealings with him and looked into his opinions , he sometimes distorts the facts to sound right . 
  i do not look upon him favourably as an individual and i have the same outlook on his party . 
  as well as the fact that their support for the liberal labour code would not place them among left wing parties . 
  talk about being picky on my side ...
