  as usual to me , i made up the whole history of independent , interbellum slovenia and after 3 paragraphs of made up bullshit i realized that it was slovakia i was supposed to write about . 
  it kinda depends . 
  in lithuania they did n't diminish lithuania 's input , but they did diminish poland 's input ( to vilify the polish and carry on with the divide and conquer ) and exaggerated ruthenian input . 
  in russian/ukrainian ssrs they said what is said here . 
  basically every nation had it 's own idea of this battle which varied a little . 
  also , the belorussians , either since independence or during the soviet times , claimed that the victory was not won by the russian smolenks flags , but the belorussian smolensk flags . 
  make it what you will . 
  psst ... 
  there was no commonwealth until 1569 ... 
  you know when you 're the most profitable airline you might as well give your workers better conditions and respect the rules of the country in which you are operating . 
  just saying . 
  of course we should be glad we have low-cost airlines , but it does n't mean we should give them more leeway because of this . 
  on the other hand , it 's nice that ryanair is promoting a new class of pilots/business owners . 
  before his death , k\u0119stutis and jogaila reportedly had a very good relationship , so assassination by jogaila is very unlikely . 
  it is told that he died having fallen off a horse . 
  it 's really difficult to say as it was undocumented properly or the information is lost . 
  right , can somebody please explain to me why is this being downvoted ? 
  are n't posts that add nothing to discussion or are not in accordance with reddiquette supposed to be downvoted , not just ... things you do n't agree with ? 
  yes , it is sad that israel does not see injustice in their own actions regarding palestinians and african minorities . 
  actually , it 's downright terrifying what 's happening with minorities in israel right now . 
  dude , you are right in saying that modern germans should absolutely not feel guilty for what their forefathers did or did not . 
  maybe there 's ought to be ( and there definitely is ) responsibility or national memory , but definitely not guilt . 
  but your comparisons to the mongols and vikings are just wrong . 
  they had different motivations behind their actions , most of them were practical . 
  the vikings were looters , yes . 
  less than history made them look like , but they did not try to destroy entire nations of people . 
  mongols engaged in what we would call vile practices , but again , remember two things - they did not attempt to destroy any nations and the accounts we have of them should not be interpreted directly . 
  edit : ok , i stand corrected , the mongols did commit genocide , but my point was that these things are just incomparable . 
  mongols did that because nations would not submit to their rule , not because they thought they were racially superior . 
  my main point is examples are just plain different , and this is why we should try less to compare nazis with vikings and mongols . 
  it 's not a skirmish of age of empires and it sounds ridiculous . 
  especially taking into account that we have much better examples in the last century . 
  * if somebody did n't get the joke - it 's ironical cause we really ca n't afford a second pair of shoes . 
  yes , you are right on that , of course my knowledge on world war 2 debts is not top notch , and the amount requested does sound a bit stupid . 
  but 10 billion euros it is , still a debt , it 's strange that it can just go unpaid for reasons such as `` it happened a long time ago '' or `` it can be considered an unusual loan '' . 
  i mean reparations are paid for the damages caused to the country and germany did invade greece causing said damage . 
  i think you can agree that it 's just strange that greece had to cover the costs of it . 
  but either way , 10 billions of the amount can be considered legitimate . 
  yes , the more you delve into the forest , the more trees there are . 
  i was using this example just to show that loans/reparations and everything else can be paid after almost a hundred of years . 
  so by just being old , the loan does not become illegitimate . 
  on a sidenote , reading what you wrote here makes the issue even more strange for me . 
  it seems that germany was given time to grow before starting the payments . 
  why ca n't we allow greece to get it 's shit together and then start paying , instead of loaning them money to pay for loans ? 
  dawes plan you 've mentioned was created specifically because germany stopped paying reparations money ( defaulted a lot of times , compared to greece ) and the french occupied ruhr for controversial reasons . 
  dawes plan was renegotiated so that the payments would be possible to germany , although as far as i know the dawes plan was not perfect and was renegotiated a lot of times , even before 1953 . 
  either way , it 's sad that eu is kicking greece while it 's down instead of trying to pick it up . 
  i never heard about anything about the experts , do you have a source ? 
  i do n't understand the grounds on which the debt is being forgotten . 
  i mean i 'm i get what they 're saying , but i do n't think it means they should not pay it . 
  and they are not asking for reparations , at least in the strictest sense of it , since reparations are usually settled in a peace treaty . 
  anyway , first of all , germany stopped paying reparations for the * first * world war [ just five years ago . 
  ] ( http://content.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,2023140,00.html ) second of all , this is about the debt that the german government [ forced greece to provide them with . ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_reparations_for_world_war_ii#greece ) what did the german government do after the reunification ? 
  they just said that since germany did not surrender to greece , they owe nothing . 
  wow , what a nice way to get out of a debt . 
  so tell me why is this debt illegitimate ? 
  look , i am not saying that germany should start coughing cash in the general direction of the balkans . 
  what i 'm saying is that when it comes to debts , things are iffy and sometimes countries look for a best way to get out of them . 
  and sometimes governments do stupid shit and we should avoid making the people suffer for it . 
  which is stupid because why again ? 
  legally germany owns that money to greece . 
  there 's no legal point of view that says it otherwise . 
  just because it happened a long time ago does not mean that the debt is not to be paid . 
  especially when the debt was basically forced upon them . 
  if i am wrong , do me a favour and explain why . 
  i found no information that would explain why germany should not pay it 's debt to greece . 
  all i could find is that they would just deny requests to pay it back and after unification said that they do n't own anything . 
   he 's a fringe economist and is at that barely cited at all . 
  does n't mean he 's wrong . 
  academy tends to be wrong sometimes , especially against new and radical ideas . 
  especially in such a science ( ? ), 
  as economy . 
  keep your dirty forbidden love to yourself . 
   were n't people saying that before the world wars ? 
  there were conflicts about the rhineland region precisely because of coal trade and precisely because of that the european union started ( as the steel and coal union ) . 
  yes , people were saying that . 
  no , that does not mean that it was the case before the wars . 
   bad example . 
  ukraine had given up their nuclear weapons and is not part of nato or the eu . 
  if they were apart of nato , i doubt russia would have intervened . 
  i do n't see russia attacking poland , or lativa or any other nato or nuclear state soon . 
  yes , you doubt and all of that . 
  i doubt it too . 
  but there 's a reason why let 's say poland and lithuania and other border states are preparing for a potential conflict . 
  it 's difficult to nuke a state when it 's not invading you directly . 
   well , it 's quite different now . 
  never said it was exactly the same . 
  the magnitude is of course different . 
  but the principle remains . 
   not really . 
  there has n't been a major world war since the creation of nuclear weapons . 
  there almost has n't been a major world war forever . 
  the two wars that happened before were huge exceptions , one in a history events . 
  i ca n't stress that enough . 
  i would n't be surprised if it never happened without the nuclear weapons and the globalization . 
  that 's how rare it is to have a global conflict . 
  or i could counter that with saying that there has n't been a major war since globalization kicked in , or since the eu . 
  economic integration is what prevents wars , not military alliances or powerful weapons . 
  russia does not need a nuclear weapon to attack ukraine , for example .
