  i get angry when facts are just fucking made up ( like with that dude who supposedly tore his laminated refugee document ) and people get angry . 
  this is fucking stupid . 
  sorry if i sounded angry at somebody specifically , but honestly , save your condescending have-a-nice-day 's . 
   socialism , etathims , political correctness i do n't know where you got etatism from but the other two are what makes europe into europe , so changing that would technically undo eu ? 
  just thinking out loud here . 
   singapore or hong kong so we need a shrinking machine and lax laws on gambling ? 
  i do n't need a robber mask to freak everyone out when i go skiing . 
   i think the difference is obvious . 
  just do n't go to the bank dressed in your ski mask . 
   not just soviet east coast , err ... whatever . 
   leader seems unattractive to the baltics . 
  his face looks like the moon . 
  this is foreign policy , not star wars . 
  it 's always about the context . 
  if you start a psychedelic rock band with the name of , let 's say , `` gypsy sun and rainbows '' , it 's fine because you are referring to the bohemian culture that the roma people are associated with . 
  it 's the same with most slurs though , it 's always about the context . 
   the term cygany/cygany did n't took off like gypsy . 
  oh , the term you did n't use in your previous comment ? 
  ok .  frankly , i do n't want to risk it . 
  you seem awfully brave for first starting using racist terms and then avoiding risk . 
  good on you feller , take down the pc feminazi empire . 
  oh , so we should call them egyptians ? 
  maybe deport them back to egypt if that is the case ? 
  wow , now i understand modern architecture better , thanks, 
  can you elaborate more on that ? 
  do you mean the top corners of the building ? 
  would n't putting a roof on it make it just two corners , or it would make it two extra corners ? 
  can you tell more about architecture ? 
  this is not sarcasm im just curious and high on coffee, 
  afaik , it does not freeze between denmark and sweden . 
  just the northern bit . 
  it was n't much reported really . 
  i mean i do n't like generalizations , but growing up in klaipeda i have noticed that there are two kind of russians there , sailors/businessmen , who are well off and usually do n't get such treatment , and the rest , who usually were usually not well integrated and from my experience with my russian friends from poorer families , they had little faith in the police and the incidents would end where they began . 
  it stopped happening when there was a bit of a punk revival in klaipeda and being a neo nazi or being dressed as one became more of a death mark . 
  my friend once got harassed by a group of punks for wearing a small lithuanian flag on his jacket , it was sufficient for them to believe he was a neo nazi . 
  he kinda was though ... just not violent . 
  please bear in mind that i know nothing of the current situation and i was led to believe that this does not happen anymore by a few friends from klaipeda . 
  as somebody who 's from klaipeda , i mean i bear no sympathies with the russian regime , but the way i saw neo nazis treat local russians ten years ago , i can not blame them for not being huge fans of the west . 
  we should all pay the telly tax to make the bbc even better, 
  hence the `` suspected ringleader '', 
  i just found the first part of the sentence very funny , i did n't mean to say that she was n't nice . 
   my irish granny used to say `` shit on you '' she sounds nice, 
  germany was not a widely used term around then . 
  first known as ostfrankenreich and then a part of the holy roman empire . 
  i think it would be most correct to say that germany formed in the xix century as a proper nation state . 
  hre is too complicated . 
  haha , i do n't know , that 's not what i 've heard from british women edit : was kidding :(, 
  in lithuania . 
  we also get some of your boys watching football at the local pubs dressed up in stupid costumes ( mostly just half naked ) and screaming about in a language that is sort of reminiscent of english . 
  although i do know a guy who 's a very cool person , he 's a business man and a father though , so just a different age group i figure . 
  yeah , the lad culture too . 
  insane amounts of weed everyday , always bragging about some girl you supposedly banged with too much detail in it ( i 'm not an idiot ) . 
  i would say , i got tired of that companionship pretty quick . 
  on a freakish level . 
  i mean why would you get that drunk is beyond me . 
  did lots of stupid shit . 
  kinda messed up my opinion on english people . 
  funny , none of the englishmen i 've met drink any tea at all . 
  i was disappointed because i love tea . 
  yeah but until then there 's no way in hell turkey is joining the eu . 
   butt-hurt greeks ? 
  or another balkan nation ? 
  cyprus, 
  i never said that europeans are different . 
  or has a moral stance on something . 
  not everyone wants their inventions to be used in military , it 's a moral grey zone and people have their opinions about it . 
  when did it become the norm to care about profits and investments more than about morals and principles ? 
  this is honestly a huge concern to me . 
  yeah , i totally wrote that . 
  if it was used purely for defense i do n't think they would have any qualms with that . 
  when used in a foreign territory , it becomes really gray and people have their own opinions about it . 
  edit : also , yes , killing civilians is definitely bad . 
  i was not talking about killing in general . 
  so far drone usage as covered by media is only to hunt terrorists with huge civilian casualties . 
  they decided it would be immoral to turn their invention into a killing machine and declined the money because they felt it 's the right thing to do . 
  if this is not commendable then i do n't know what is . 
  maybe , just maybe , there are people who do not put profits above everything else . 
  that 's why i hope that a purely business point of view will not become the only point of view for business men in europe . 
   christians here seem really intelligent . 
  not to jab against religious christians , which i am fine with , but i had a few christian teachers who were just arrogant backward pricks , denying evolution and yet at the same time trying to find anything in science that would prove god exists . 
  one of them actually kept showing movies about magical healing water and bullshit like that . 
  at the same time i knew a priest who ( unknowingly ) bought me a pint at a bar when i was 17 and we had an awesome conversation which had little to do with religion . 
  he had one of those things where you throw in a shot of liquor into beer and drink it asap . 
  awesome guy . 
  your mileage may vary with those dudes . 
  while the dictatorship is too harsh a word , it is not far from truth . 
  some countries are more important and influential than others and call the shots . 
  germany calls the shots a lot of times . 
  he 's the guy who will be in between of things going to shit real quick , so i can understand that . 
  i do n't know , i always thought the reason is that the republic of lithuania and the grand duchy of lithuania are two separate entities and while they do have historical ties are not the same thing . 
  the republic of lithuania was found as a nation-state , as opposed to the medieval grand duchy . 
  that kind of culture is not exclusive to france , but to other successful countries as well . 
  yeah , i was editing my comment just as you posted this . 
  i guess , as always , there 's more nuance to things than a simple sentence can describe . 
  oh , i was wrong then . 
  thanks . 
  edit : although it does not state whether they have inherited a lot of money or not . 
  for example i might inherit a couple millions and invest them , with some luck i might become a billionaire , but it does n't mean that i would have succeeded in that without the initial inheritance . 
  most of the super rich these days have inherited their wealth . 
   eu commission : european ombudsman not transparent ftffy,
