that 's st [ anne 's church ] ( http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3042/2280987525_401fec8b61_b.jpg ) , haha . 
  so as long as there is an ongoing war it is ok to throw people into trash bins . 
  right . 
  it does n't really matter if they can pay double . 
  as long as the bureaucrats feel that they make enough and that they are cared for , they wo n't feel the need to get corrupted . 
  you have to understand that clean money is always better than a bigger amount of dirty money . 
  atleast , imho . 
  so instead of trying to fix them , let 's put them in a cell with other animals , dehumanize them up to the point they no longer feel like they fit anywhere and then let them loose after 20 years of that crap . 
  from norway . 
  ha , let me know if you 're anytime in vilnius , never met an american, 
  we have a lot of words from french when it comes to house interior items , beach stuff , food stuffs . 
  we have a lot in common with the dutch when it comes to sailing ( kajut , sniur , etc. ) . 
  it happened so because russian empire has been always close with france culturally and because russian empire used the dutch to develop their navy under peter the great and borrowed most of the words in regards to ships and sailing . 
  hope that helps . 
  usually people from western europe find these things strange : - we drink a lot of tea . 
  because russians drink a lot of tea and we spent quite a long time living in the same country so we caught that from them . 
  - we always eat soup . 
  i 'm not sure why , but the normal dinner here is soup and then main course followed by a cigarette instead of desert because it 's cheaper that way . 
  - we usually find it very suspicious when a complete stranger smiles at us . 
  because why should you be happy ? 
  rather sinister . 
  - we eat a lot of potatoes , really . 
  ps i suck at formatting . 
  thank you . 
  just out of interest , why do you love them immigrant countries ? 
  i had a feeling you guys do n't really love us ... 
  wine and beer is not as nearly unhealthy as energy drinks , mate . 
  when i was at school , you either smoked cigarettes or drank energetic drinks . 
  this is a false dilemma , i know , but as a kid with money to buy stuff , you usually end up buying the worst shit ever . 
  unfortunately no . 
  some other polish politician would be ok for me , just one that does n't remind of war ( cold or otherwise ) between our nations . 
  i rather think it would be our current president really . 
  not popular with us though , haha . 
  i have two colleagues who are british and relatively unskilled . 
  they just came here and started to work at my call center with an english project . 
  they really like it here and it was not so difficult for them to adapt . 
  atleast before the revolutions russia had a lot of intelligent people , if not by percent , but by the actual amount . 
  they were all killed during the communist era and the jews were mostly destroyed by pogroms and later repressed . 
  this is , of course , to my understanding . 
  basically russia is a chicken that cut off his head during the communist uprising and is still just running around aimlessly . 
  | lithuanian laws forbid multilingual street signs and passports shameful , really . 
  it shows death/kill ratio . 
  romania ? 
  do n't you think that russia has sattelites ( and wants more ) as well ? 
  and that they are , as you have described , spineless followers ? 
  tell me please , which countries are more prosperous , the one 's in the eu or the ones in the russia 's sphere ? 
  remember : in europe , neutrality costs , and some just ca n't pay the price for it and have to pick a side . 
  i wonder how do you know about it , being from australia and all . 
  i 'm glad that you have debunked your own imaginary statements . 
  saved me the time . 
  the paradox is strong with that one ( latvian ), 
  we are considering that sort of thing . 
  plain water . 
  spermless milk ? 
  well , considering water is scarce in crimea , you could say that it 's as good as milk, 
  ( poor ) translation of the description in youtube : this is how the russian agriculture products are getting crimea 's ( krymnasha ) wounds . 
  glory to russia . 
  with this product pensioners who dream to die in russia will die before winter . 
  glory to russia !!, 
  i am sorry , it was in fact bolotov ( sloviansk mayor , the people 's one ) who was wanted . 
  it 's about influence these days rather than direct annexation . 
  oh , read about lithuanian-polish relations during interwar . 
  that 's the fun part . 
  and right now the history is so stupidly taught in our schools , that people consider commonwealth a bad idea ... long story short , our relationships were spoiled by nationalists in the interwar period and the effects can be still felt now . 
  honestly though , i feel lithuania and poland can do a lot together , it 's a pity we have such petty squables over history and stuff . 
  which is not even that important anymore . 
  favourite : latvia , though i wish i could at least consider poland as well , but we ca n't set things straight for some reason :( . 
  least favourite : uh . . well ... you know . 
  it 's comparatively good , but there are no other brands in systembolaget, 
  it sells svyturys extra , that 's a good beer brand . 
  t-market used to exist in lithuania as well , later bought by maxima group . 
  update : i stand corrected by petshaver . 
  i do n't know really , but a lot of swedes are coming over here lately for tourism . 
  one of my friends is actually a swedish immigrant ( imagine that ) . 
  he likes to bring local wine and cheese back to sweden as gifts . 
  from what i can gather , moscow is changing it 's policy regarding this , trying to legitimize the government as much as it is possible . 
  the guy himself is , probably , trying to run away from being encircled and captured . 
  edit : i deleted the incorrect sentence , sorry about that . 
  well , the evidence being sightings of the system brought around by a truck , strelkov announcing that they managed to bring down another `` ukrainian '' transport , then immediately deleting that announcement . 
  telephone conversations prove that as well . 
  and terrorists have been shooting down planes , not ukrainians , they do n't need to use their systems since terrorists do n't use any planes at all . 
  they are the ones who are looking for planes to shoot . 
  it all adds up to a pretty bad case for the separatists and their russian friends ( remember that strelkov is a russian , no coincidence here . ), 
  you have to understan that western media is not as centralized as russian media . 
  as such , western media says a lot of things . 
  you would need to quote individual sources about it . 
  i read my news in a couple of websites which i deem trustworthy . 
  others are usually more lazy than propagandic about it . 
  also , russo-georgian war began when georgians retaliated to south ossetians shelling them and then russia appeared out of nowhere . 
  it was a russian invasion , as they entered what is considered georgian soil . 
  you might disagree with me , that 's fine , but you can see where the media can get the russian invasion vibe . 
  i mean , yes , we have to be rational about it and include `` seen as responsible '' etc. 
  but most people do n't bother with that since it is almost obvious . 
  i would n't word it that way myself , but the evidence is overwhelming . 
  what i am trying to say is that i 've seen both sides of the information war and the russian side is the ( extremely ) silly one . 
  so when it comes to trusting media , i 'll pick the west side without blinking . 
  i wo n't trust it blindly , but at least it 's some sort of news rather accusations of fascism etc. 
  please do try watching some russian tv and then accuse of `` western propaganda '' . 
  i hope you will enjoy watching how `` lesbian baltic snipers '' kept the russian army on their toes during chechen , georgian conflicts and now in ukraine . 
  among other things .
