  russia is not evil ( that 's a silly word to use ) , it 's just that eu 's interests are more in accordance with ukraine 's interests . 
  because russia is currently an oligarchy in which the oligarchs only look after their own interests , rather than industrial or social interests . 
  russia never really industrialised and in terms of economy is much more alike to middle-eastern states than a normal , functioning , stable economies in the west ( where industrial and post-industrial market share is the greatest ) . 
  if you do n't create product , you wo n't survive long . 
  it 's just stupid . 
  well , eu wants ukraine just because it would be nice if russia had a lesser sphere of influence , and it would be strategically important . 
  ideologies aside , there 's not much to gain from ukaine at the moment , it would need to grow ( like the baltic states or south european countries ) before it would be economically beneficial ( which would be the neutral standpoint ) . 
  at the moment they are important in terms of strategic placement and also because if it 's not in eu then it 's in russia 's sphere of influence . 
  and that would create trouble for bringing ukraine to eu . 
  it 's sort of a now or never situation here . 
  it 's not viable . 
  in this day and age , a country has to be either politically strong enough to have his own sphere of influence , or be in another one 's . 
  i think ukraine should pick the side which is economically superior and is not going to straight out die in next few moments . 
  you can negotiate for anything , but not sell your country into another 's sphere of influence, 
  well , i 'm glad that in austria silly people do n't end up in such positions . 
  i really am . 
  but in lithuania they do . 
  she cancelled a prescheduled visit to uk , that was paid for , for a non scheduled one in ukraine , where she met with the opposition and spoke with the young , anti-russian crowd in russian as opposed to english or ukrainian . 
  she also went to ukraine to meet with the head of their parliament , who was at that time in canada and was not able to comprehend where did she get the idea they were supposed to meet . 
  it 's almost as if she 's bent on making us look bad . 
  even merkel said that `` you have to have balls to do that '' ( not the exact quote ) , implying that it is stupid as opposed to brave . 
  edit : forgot to mention that she did not check this with our foreign ministry . 
  her intentions are also pretty clear , she wants to undermine our president ( who is practically more in charge of foreign affairs than interior ) . 
  despite the downwotes you have received , i still find your opinion valid , just not in this case, 
  pardon my compatriot , but people here really hate the new chairwoman of the parliament , she is a silly woman and nobody understands her . 
  she 's also from the labor party , which is usually viewed with disdain for being pro-russian . 
  three mps from that party are on sentence for illegal accounting , one of whom is the founder and the leader of the party . 
  well , in lithuania it 's very obvious . 
  the cultural exchange is driven by no visa requirements when travelling to other countries ( i can hop in a bus to germany for a weekend like it 's just some town a few miles away with no problems in regards to customs ) . 
  eu provides about 1/4 of our budget . 
  we are no longer under full influence of russia , though there is still a lot of influence . 
  our country could very well be in the same ( if not worse ) situation as ukraine if it were n't for eu . 
  everybody has those, 
  actually it was jews , but there were more poles than lithuanians , that is true . 
  i live in vilnius and polish heritage is obvious . 
  as is jewish . 
  i love the city and from my perspective i am grateful that it is in lithuania right now , but i do n't really think of it as lithuanian . 
  it 's more of a jewish/polish/belarussian / lithuanian kind of thing , historically . 
  you could understand why lithuanians did n't want the commonwealth all over again - we were the junior partner in that union . 
  because of nationalism ( from both poles and lithuanians ) that notion was impossible . 
  when i come to think of it , the whole deal was just silly . 
  i would only mind vilnius being in poland just because i love the city . 
  otherwise , it 's not really as lithuanian as historical propaganda tries to put it . 
  honestly , our people are mad at each other just because there 's always a good dose of good old nationalism in history instead of true facts . 
  no questions raised . 
  that was not possible because of polish-lithuanian dispute over vilnius . 
  we 're used to shit . 
   or live with their girlfriend/boyfriend . 
  i should get both to reduce my costs . 
  good idea !, 
  601 euros apparently . 
  i make about 450-500 ( working student ) after taxes , it 's not too difficult to get by , but could be better . 
  yes , i meant to compare it with vilnius , where you can rent a decent one room flat in the center for 250 eur , or a three-room flat in the outskirts . 
  but the bread is 20 cents more expensive in lithuania . 
  i 'm sorry for not doing my research , but can you please advise what is the average/normal rent in bucharest and how much would you pay for a loaf of bread ? 
  i do n't think it 's much cheaper than lithuania to be honest ... 
  wow , it 's not really that much . 
  how is that compared to the average ? 
  you are both speculating and thus both equally wrong . 
  saudi arabia is not really into accepting refugees , or at the very least treating them right . 
  when it comes to nigeria , you have to understand the multi-ethnic and multi-religious nature of the country . 
  northeners are usually muslim and they might not feel safe in the christian south . 
  it 's not as simple as in europe . 
  boko haram is messing nigeria , somalia is in a state of anarchy right now . 
  they can apply as refugees . 
  nothing to do with racism . 
  you have got to be joking . 
  thanks for bringing in the strawmen to help us deal with this . 
  it 's always easy when you 're not the one who has to do that . 
  haha , will do, 
  i do n't know , how else am i going to find it ? 
  your comment , unless you have some divine power of editing my comment , haha . 
  link the post to this comment please !, 
  according at least to [ this ] ( http://el-fi.globaldebts.com/salary/for-ladies-%26%2339%3bhairdresser-17682/2011/ ) , it 's 2450 eur . 
  in lithuania we had the exact same thing ( maybe we still do ) , but more and more young people , non-corrupt people are being elected into the office . 
  the bribes for police ceased ( i think ) when they started doing random checks , that is somebody breaks the law on purpose and when they offer a bribe to the cop , if it is accepted the said police officer gets into trouble as the person offering a bribe is actually an undercover dude . 
  yet again , the most progressive and appealing party in lithuania , the liberal party , has corrupt people in it and is afraid or unwilling to make a stand for liberal values , such as gay rights . 
  but i can not comment really on the level of corruption here as i am quite detached with what 's happening here . 
  i believe surgeons still accept bribes and that is still prevalent , so there 's that . 
  those are interesting things you 're pointing out , do you have a source or anything ? 
  well , he never really tell me that it was stolen or at least that he knew it was stolen . 
  edit : i have called my friend and told him that he is a piece of shit and should go fuck himself and die . 
  thanks for teaching me about friendship and the importance of the property rights of some danish dude who may or may not have his bike stolen . 
  haha , my friend has bought one recently . 
  i jokingly asked if it was stolen from denmark or something ( it looked sort of hipsterish , something my swedish friend would ride all the time ) . 
  he , with a completely straight face , pointed to a danish flag right below the seat . 
  motherfucker ... 
  i think i 've been on one named exactly this way in kemer , turkey , when i was 14 . 
  my dad allowed me to go , even though you have to be 18 . 
  i feel conflicted about this . 
  quite closely related . 
   mao zedong famously declared stalin to be 70 % good , 30 % bad . 
  maoists criticised stalin chiefly regarding his views that bourgeois influence within the soviet union was primarily a result of external forces ( to the almost complete exclusion of internal forces ) and that class contradictions ended after the basic construction of socialism . 
  they however praise stalin for leading the ussr and the international proletariat , defeating fascism in germany , and his anti-revisionism . 
  [ 56 ] for a start , of course . 
  you can not put them under an umbrella term though , but they 're pretty close . 
  moreover , the fact that it was exactly stalin who did most of the crimes , and it got way more better ( though far from good ) since his death . 
  there were prosecutions and people died , yes , but the extent is much different from the shit stalin was up to . 
   you should realise that this can be quite misleading . 
  yeah of course he may be wrong in many regards .
