  you can always nitpick and say that somebody is wrong , but can you provide your own explanation ? 
  i understand the issues in lithuania , as i have read about it and talked to people about it so i am ok with claiming knowledge of what happened there . 
  in regards to roma people outside of lithuania , i do n't want to claim knowledge or study the subject just to reply to your comment . 
  i am not blaming the ussr only , but in this particular case , the circumstances was set by the policy of ussr . 
  they really did n't care much about roma people and would move them away from society most of the time . 
  would you rather i pretend that i know everything ? 
  i could try to do that but i am not well acquinted with it so i wo n't try to speculate . 
  widespread criminal behaviour was more by design . 
  when the ussr prohibited roma to continue their way of life and forced them to settle , they were driven to the edges of cities and could no longer be travelling artists and what not like they used to . 
  crime was really the only choice for them and it shows . 
  if you take away opportunities from people , you should n't expect them to become well adjusted in time . 
  it 's the same case with most minorities around the world . 
  they have less legal opportunity then locals and therefore are more prone to criminal activities . 
  the most radical example being our roma population . 
  lets say the us and uk are selling identical mp3 players in europe . 
  us costs $ 100 , uks costs # 80 . 
  thry all round up to about $ 90 . 
  lets say . 
  so theres little differemce between prices . 
  then brexit happens , and suddenly the point deevaluates . 
  instead of # 80 being $ 90 , it now equals $ 70 . 
  you , as a buyer are more likely to buy the uks version for the price , so the us version becomes less competetive . 
  i hope this makes sense now . 
  are you refering to my comment or yours ? 
   china would surely be the strongest in the world if they did n't devalue their currency ... 
  the price of currency is a tool , not some figure to be proud of . 
  exporters want their currency to be cheap ( china , japan ) , while importers try to make their currency expensive . 
  cheap currency lets you sell a lot , while expensive currency allows you to buy more . 
  there 's no strength in either of those , just adapting monetary policy to fit your needs . 
  yes , you make it sound better . 
  from an economics viewpoint , i disagree . 
  but i will refrain from contradicting because you made a great argument . 
  thank you for sharing it , 
  well , the sub is meant for socialists to poke fun at tankies . 
  if people who disagree with socialist would come over and start debating socialism that would kinda de-rail the whole thing . 
  socialists have a page to poke at those who misrepresent their ideas and i think it is not too much to ask not to discuss anything else there . 
  there are plenty of subreddits where you can go debate socialism and everything else and this one is not one of them . 
  well , no matter where the gains are coming from , they will get captured if the system is unegalitarian . 
  be it from globalisation or protectionism . 
  the little guy lost in both cases . 
  because the type of trade wasnt at the centre of the problem . 
  the economic institutions were at fault . 
  i read that post , it was horrid , but it 's not like everyone 's like that in the sub . 
  i find it weird that leftists are all so different and some are cool blokes while some are these morbid edgy `` revolutionaries '' who worship the kim dinasty and think gulags are cool , who are more on the display than the former . 
  yes , but i think that there is less nuance in his approach . 
  the point is to make sure that it goes not from man to pig , but from man to animals , and it is possible , as long as the animals are not impoverished and uneducated . 
  you can see how this becomes a closed circle , since new elite is raised by the impoverished that continues to impoverish them , however , a smart elite that understands that revolution will replace them might actually give concessions to the poor that will enable the middle-class to appear which will , in turn , have enough power to overthrow the elite . 
  that 's why it never works ( see the soviet union ) . 
  usually , when a revolution takes place in poor countries , the poor are too uneducated to make informed decisions and just go for whatever sounds right , which never turns out to be good in the long run . 
  since they ca n't enact systemic reforms , the system that gave birth to the old oligarchy remains relatively unchanged or is changed by a similar system , and the cycle continues . 
  a successful country is born when the poor are educated and more middle-class like and overthrow the oligarchs in a political process other than , you know , stabbing people to death . 
  this has little to do with left-right , it 's more like the poor are desperate and will do anything , as they lack the means to do anything else , while the middle-class is in a different situation . 
   neoliberalism is keynesian . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but a lot of what one would consider neo-liberals promoted austerity , which is anti-keynesian . 
  that 's why we still have a lot of austerity all around . 
  i think meynard would n't be too happy about that . 
   because it drives wages down ... 
  this is a gross oversimplification . 
  it can both drive wages down , not affect them , raise them , etc. 
  it depends on the context . 
  as far as i know , it is usually considered that immigration produces a net gain . 
  r/shittankiessay , this is the only socialist sub i frequent , because it 's kind of hard to read all the stalinist/maoist and even * pro * - north korean apologist insanity . 
  hey , sorry for the late reply , i have n't read it , but from what i know of history and what i 've read about it , it should be an accurate if soviet-sided depiction of the war . 
  i hold on to my belief that the partisans were fighting a futile yet righteous war to defend their homeland , but i also admit that they have commited crimes which were not necessary for the war . 
  the free movement of labour has enabled lots of foreign people to work in other eu states . 
  the ammount of assets one country has in another country is huge and is a great deterrent , along with the wish to protect one 's countrymen . 
  the eu has ensured a massive increase in trade volume , labour exhange and foreign eu assets ownership that a war would be more akin to bombing your own economic capacity . 
  and this is just the economic bit , not to mention the new cultural , politic and military ties that were facilitated by the eu , directly or otherwise . 
  and it is absolutely unprecedented . 
  first of all , we are currently arguing regarding the soviet funding for antanas smetona , but man , if you do n't want to believe , just do n't . 
  even the article that i have quoted which you gladly quote as well states that ussr was the only ally of lithuania at the time . 
  i studied history for four years . 
  you want to know more ? 
  read more on our diplomatic history . 
  ussr was the only lithuanian ally during the interwar period . 
  this is a fact . 
  we had a cosy relationship with the soviets . 
  i do n't like it too , but it is a fact which i do n't feel like defending anymore because any academic piece of literature will indicate this . 
   it never claims that smetona directly took soviet money , but only mentions his party and was n't smetona the leader of the party ? 
   the money were used ( or given ) for publishing articles against poland who cares how they used the money . 
  the intention might 've been that , it might 've been spent in other ways even , it funded the activities of the party one way or another . 
  link to the article : http://www.technologijos.lt/n/mokslas/istorija_ir_archeologija/s-44782/#_ftn8  and furthermore , it states their funding ended in 1925 and clearly says that no connections can be made between soviets and smetona after that year . 
  yeah , because he became the president . 
  that was the soviet goal of funding smetona , because they did not see the communists as capable of toppling lithuania 's government . 
  smetona was a very agreeable president to them . 
  after smetona 's coup , lithuania remained a close ally with the ussr . 
  he even referred to the ussr as `` lithuania 's closest ally '' on numerous occasions . 
  if you want to prove an alternative to what i stated , please do your due and provide notes and references rather than just look for technicalities that would prove that your worldview is somehow the correct one . 
  mate , history is books and archives , not `` links '' . 
  yes , it is hard to provide a link because the evidence does n't just happen to be sitting on the internet . 
  i have asked the people who were working on the docummentary on smetona why this fact went unmentioned , one of the creator 's simply said that this was intentionally removed , even though the historians did not fail to mention this during the interviews . 
  lithuania 's history is in a very sorry state at the moment . 
  it is indeed but that is why we can always disagree and remain respectful . 
  it is a historical fact that smetona was funded by the ussr , agreed on by the faculty of history in vilnius university . 
  it 's former dean , z. butkus , discovered documents to this effect , but they 're not widely discussed because it 's inconvenient or people just plain do n't know about this . 
  i was only able to find more in his article \u201e jei opozicija gauna param\u0105 i\u0161 svetur '' , kult\u016bros barai , 1995 m. i was also lucky to discuss this with him tete-a-tete . 
  soviets were quite notoriuos for killing former friends , were n't they ? 
  just because they wanted smetona in power does n't mean it would be convenient to keep him after they occupy the country . 
  thanks for being kind to those holding an opinion different to yours . 
  you are obviously a well-mannered and democratic-minded person .
