  lithuanian historiography is always evolving and changing , past biases are better understood and the need for a less biased research is starting to take hold . 
  when i write papers , my professors ask me to find an actual source and study it myself rather than cite a pre-1990 historian . 
  just because there is a book , it does n't mean that the information provided there is to be trusted . 
  it is controversial , not all empiric data has been researched and as a matter of fact the term rusification is debatable and usually misused . 
  a single paper does not constitute `` very well researched '' , as in it does not mean that there 's a consensus in the academy , hence not very well researched . 
  there 's a lot of historiography about this topic and when it comes to lithuanian interpretation of events they are usually very dramatized . 
  especially something written in 1999 . 
   a harsh decades-long oppression . 
  i do n't want to sound rude , but it did n't happen . 
  it was n't harsh or anything . 
  the goal was n't oppression as such . 
  the history as taught in schools is very simplified and overtly patriotic . 
  i 'm not saying that there were no heroic people , but most of them were in for the profits . 
  booze or illegal books , it 's really just a valuable commodity worth smuggling . 
  i do not know whether your knowledge of history is academic or not , but the `` rusification ' of lithuania is a very controversial topic and what you were told in history classes does n't even remotely resemble what actually happened . 
  it makes their goals difficult to define at the very best then, 
   books did n't bring much profit they did actually . 
  even nowadays books are not that cheap . 
  lol m8 why r bulgeriens so poor u guys wan na live poor thats why , so corrupt u guys lern to be ifficient edit : sorry for shitposting but i just wan na say wow you lack empathy . 
  people are living in an environment and they are not some hivemind that can decide that it 's best not to overpopulate the planet . 
  if you know that having more children will bring in more money , you will have more children , you will not think about overpopulation . 
  my point was that they mostly did it for profits rather than some heroic goals, 
  it 's about people smuggling liquor and bringing a few books along edit : look people , i know that mine is an unpopular opinion but this topic is still not well understood and researched by our historians still , since most of the research before contained a lot of nationalistic bias . 
  especially given that what we are taught in schools is simplified crap , please just try to think about this open-mindedly . 
  i gracefully accept your downvotes . 
  also , please bear in mind that there were no attempts to assimilate lithuanians and at best the effect is that we use the latin alphabet . 
  though it 's difficult to say that we would n't have even without them . 
  the rusification is mystified to no end in popular history . 
  yeah , you hit the mark here . 
  if i deem something very important , i will use sms , although there 's really no difference . 
  it 's just that sms seems more serious and trustworthy . 
  provisional would be a more correct term , it was the capital until the end . 
   even the poors can do that !, 
  the gas is way too expensive for the poors . 
  source : am poor ( student ) . 
  as far as my experience goes , whatsapp is used by people who travel and want to stay in touch with folks back home or friends abroad . 
  text messaging was replaced almost completely by facebook messenger though . 
  did n't mean to say it . 
  just saying that humanitarian studies = / = bad salary . 
   because if not then you 're wasting your time with your studies thanks for letting me know , oh wise one . 
  edit : seriously , stop forcing your worldview on others . 
  i do not look for fulfillment in employment and i feel happy . 
  dunno man , sorry for confusing you . 
  i will consider quitting . 
   at the bottom in labor market . 
  i see your point , but it does n't mean that picking a humanitarian profession is stupid . 
  if it 's something that best fits your personality , you should go for it . 
  in a broader sense , i think that this is because humanitarian sciences are underappreciated becasue of the free market system we have . 
  we could definitely improve our lives with philosophy , better understanding of our past , knowing more about how relationships work etc. 
  it 's just that it currently has no market value . 
  i work with logistics , but it does n't matter much . 
  my brother is a historian too and has a very high position in an international company . 
  just work and seize the opportunity when it arises . 
   study humanitarian nonsense and work for 300 . 
  sure , whatever you say . 
  i am studying history as we speak and i earn a couple of times more than that while studying , and i am only using myself as an example . 
  it 's what you do with your life that matters , not just what you choose to study . 
   too lazy . 
  medicine is a grind . 
  i think the bigger problem here is the salary you get here as a medical professional . 
   decided to stay a quasi-soviet society . 
  lol yeah , remember when we decided to be in the ussr ? 
  good times . 
  as per wikipedia : `` this includes a combination of free market capitalism with a comprehensive welfare state and collective bargaining at the national level . '', 
  free market is included in this economic model , but the model itself is not free market . 
   they are undoubtedly a free market society . 
  social-democratic welfare states . 
   golden age was when vytautas the great reign over gdl in terms of territory , yes . 
  otherwise , we are living our golden age right now , it may suck , but it sucked way more before . 
  i 'm sure that your armchair refugee experience is enough to discard basic human misery that is happening there . 
  good on you . 
  i 'm sure that you do everything perfectly in your life and that is the reason why you find it difficult to empathize . 
  like fat people have no excuses not to go to the gym . 
  there 's always more to the story . 
  if you base your beliefs simply on the information that is readily available to you , you will misjudge people like this all the time . 
  also , you assume that they should know english naturally . 
  internet access over the phone is not sufficient to learn a language . 
  they need either classes or sufficient knowledge as to how to learn a language in the first place . 
  is that readily available to them ? 
  you can find it on the internet , but what if their english is just rudimentary ? 
  why do you people are so self-righteous , judgmental and lacking in basic human empathy ? 
  why is there somebody on this thread saying we should fucking suspend human rights ? 
  what is wrong with you people ? 
  smartphones do n't mean internet , it raises a question whether wi-fi or a simcard with a data plan is available , long-term . 
  by the way , have you tried learning a language solely relying on a smartphone app ? 
  it 's not that easy . 
  yes , you , as a member of european society , know that , while they might not comprehend this , or they might not have the money to buy it ( when you are , poor education is the last priority and who knows if the food provided is enough for them ) , or the camp might have regulations that wo n't allow the refugee to leave it , or the conditions in the camp are so bad that trying to learn something there would be a mess . 
  i am countering speculation with speculation here , but you get the idea why it might not be as easy as that . 
  he is speculating because it is difficult to say whether the conditions to learn german are available to the refugees . 
  even within a country the conditions vary from camp to camp . 
  it 's not only the question of money , but the rules that are enforced . 
  so it is difficult to say whether it is because the refugees are unwilling ( and i can say for sure that , of course , there are some that are unwilling ) , or if the conditions do not allow them to . 
  given especially that some migrants never learn the local language even while having absolute freedom in the country . 
  see lithuanians in the uk , etc. 
  i think that he ( she ) is making too many assumptions about too many different situations to be correct . 
  that is why i think he is speculating . 
  you 're just speculating at this point . 
  there are reports from several countries , including germany itself , that you might be full of shit about the reports from several countries , the report also indicates that at times like these it 's important to show that europe has worked a lot since enlightenment not to fall victim ( again ) to such stupid aggressive populist bullshit like confusing part for a whole and various bullshit prejudices . 
  edit : i 'm angry when muslims get the blame for terrorist attacks even though white european nationalists are at fault for 90 percent of terrorist attacks in europe . 
  i get angry when my friend complaints that she gets groped and threatened with rape every time she goes out but only the muslims/arabs/refugees get the blame for that .
