  everyone in europe did their best to avoid a large-scale conflict before world war ii , because they feared destruction on a large scale . 
  aerial bombardments and other new powerful weapons were the nukes of those times . 
  no nuclear weapon yet , but the destruction is still feared . 
  economic ties are the best detergent against war . 
  not saying that the nukes are useless at it . 
   i am seriously not qualified to talk about the `` who influenced what '' , but i can tell that `` shit 's more complicated '' . 
  i think you pointed out in your comment already . 
  basically , if something is that influential , it is reflected in almost everything happening in the region for the rest of history . 
  like your example , the treaty of westphalia , or the french revolution , which not only changed the definition of state , but changed the social and political environments . 
  in regards to magna carta , nothing even remotely similiar affected the whole region ( by region i mean europe ) , but yes , they taught us about it in schools and it 's important , just not that important . 
  i would say centre-right dominates the lithuanian media if you take an honest look at it . 
  there 's nothing even closely resembling le monde or guardian . 
  but you get a lot of articles that would fit perfectly in the daily mail . 
  citation needed . 
  to be perfectly honest , i believe that this document is important because it is a part of the british history , rather than actually influental , as you say , in promoting the principle that everyone is equal under the law ( i might be wrong , but i just could not locate anything saying so ) . 
  such things happened in europe before , the first polish assembly called * sejm * took place in 1187 and limited the rights of the monarch , for example , and it served as a basis for the subsequent assemblies and later on a regular parliament . 
  i ca n't find any information which would show that there was any english influence on this whatsoever . 
  the connection is very loose . 
  i appreciate that this is a very important document to the british but i feel that overall this is , as / u/thomasfowl below stated , a bit overrated in world history . 
  of course that is correct . 
  this individual is clearly deranged and i am not defending him . 
  but that is normal as in not unusual . 
  in every group you get various people , some are more psychotic than others . 
  i am asking how sweden can improve their environment so that they would assimilate better ? 
  this happened in almost all cases of mass immigration before . 
  think of the us with the irish , italians , chinese . 
  maybe this can be avoided , but i am not aware of any policy which has successfully avoided that . 
  what sort of immigration policy may prevent that ? 
  in before the people saying that sweden 's immigration policy has failed because of two or three deranged individuals, 
  is real country !, 
  passport is good , approve !, 
  bloody just once in a month . ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ sure ^ ^ ^ if ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ very ^ ^ ^ inappropriate ^ ^ ^ or ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ regular ^ ^ ^ inappropriate ^ ^ ^ :(, 
  aww man , now i 'm the buzzkill . 
  the pope is elected by a selected few rather than every citizen in the state , so more of an oligarchy rather than a democracy . 
  also , the pope is an absolute monarch , afaik . 
  oooh , you 're serious , are n't you ? 
  wow . 
  please do an ama !, 
  hahaha , you sound real funny . 
  they are not promoting any orientation , they are promoting respect to those who are different and peaceful coexistence . 
  dude , i do n't think he was trying to take a jab at what 's happening on ukraine so there 's no need to partake in the good ol' reddit whataboutism tradition . 
  we did that and it went just fine . 
  i have a russian friend who always tells me this . 
  i do n't know what to tell him really . 
  it breaks my heart to hear him say it . 
  it 's like saying `` i do n't feel like i really belong here and the place where i where should belong is full of assholes '' . 
  nowhere to go , a **** ing limbo . 
  he also says that he feels `` deeply ashamed '' . 
  i know he should n't , and i think he knows that as well , but he still does . 
  of course , individuals are free to take part in any society , but when it comes to russians in lithuania , even if they 're well integrated , they still sometimes feel that they have no place for themselves . 
  not necessarily , intelligence does n't work the same way it used to work in the cold war . 
  nowadays intelligence is more about observing the public sphere ( i.e. 
  internet ) and making assumptions based on that . 
  and it 's pretty accurate , to be honest . 
  sauce : spoke with an ex-intelligence dude sometime ago for 10 hours, 
  it would n't make much sense since you can easily coerce a pow to permit basically everything in that case , such as coercing him to do stuff he does n't want to . 
  just keep telling that to yourself, 
  i was referencing the ` if it was n't for x we would have been y '' trope that appears a lot along with the general , and maybe even justified , hate for socialdemocrats . 
  with these mountains we could have been a second switzerland ... if it was n't for the blasted socialdemocrats . 
  as i understand it : it means that the law will remain the same so will the fine , but it may be classified as a hate crime against muslims , so if in your country a hate crime is punished more severely then it changes this just a tiny bit . 
  but what it really helps for the police is to understand the magnitude of such crime and where it happens the most in order to prevent it happening in the first place . 
  germany is officially in debt to greece since 1943 . 
  it might be irrelevant and you are right on that , but i think it would be fair to balance the current greek debt with the german debt ( adjusted for inflation of course ) . 
  now that i am re-reading this it seems that the topic derailed and i failed to notice that . 
  i actually see your point , while ussr did kill/deport a lot of our people , the nazis were way more unpredictable and could 've caused more trouble . 
  it is very difficult for us to understand this due to suffering the aforementioned predicaments along with the fact that we have been occupied by ussr for 50 years . 
  uh , none of the baltic nations are slavs ? 
  i would love my nation to properly admit and apologize for all the jews killed in lithuania . 
  it gets downplayed a lot , we do n't have enough memorials for that . 
  i mean , 10 percent of population died and everybody acts like nothing happened . 
  what i meant to say is that borders determine where local laws apply and where they do n't , so there 's more than just existing on paper , it 's used in practice . 
  of course , that 's why slovakian laws apply in lithuania , remember ? 
  they do that and quite a lot , both mercenaries and idealists, 
  that 's why i 'm going to warsaw . 
  at night . 
  alone . 
  drunk . 
  hahahaha , nice try , american . 
  pro-equality , hahahaha ( laughs off in a russian accent ) . 
  ooh , i get it now . 
  i read it differently the first time . 
  i can only agree . 
  is this double-irony or do you really think he was serious ? 
  true about the pint, 
  he was involved with uspaschik and zuokas , who are both pro-kremlin politics , but the details are shady and it might 've been necessary . 
  i 'm not saying that adamkus is dodgy , but there are things about him that would need to be investigated in order for him to be called `` the best '' . 
  also , he was weak in domestic politics , unlike grybauskaite . 
  debatable really , i would n't say that he would be the best and he has a few dark chapters , overall , 2nd best in my opinion . 
  they actually paint us as the toilet cleaners for the british and generally very poor and having no morals and you get the pictrue, 
  yeah but finland was considered baltic until youknowwhat happened . 
   no written language ? 
  in the bloody 19th century ? 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  do you mean standardization ? 
  granted we used either polish or german or scando scripts with some lithuanian letters like '' \u0117 '' for good measure , but that 's a far cry from not having a written language . 
  look up '' grammatica litvanica '' by daniel klein . 
  i am well aware of that but it was neither official nor widely used . 
  i mean we have lithuanian scripts dating back to 16th century but it is not a big deal and most lithuanians were not familiar with it . 
  moreover , the language itself was not banned as the alphabet . 
  when it comes to the written language , even the illegal schools mostly taught russian and polish rather than lithuanian .
