  i offer you books on the subject and in return you insult me . 
  how western of you . 
  honestly , based on my experience , you act more like a russian nationalist than you would know . 
  check our diplomatic history . 
  i would recommend reading v. zalys diplomatic history , i can borrow the first tome if you 're in vilnius , its also available on the internet . 
  our closest ally was the ussr with germany being a on-and-off again mistress . 
  it 's just not covered by history textbooks because that would be a very unpatriotic thing to say . 
  also , smetona was funded by the ussr . 
  our closest allies before ww2 were germany and ussr , i do n't think there 's much moral authority to be gained from that period . 
  we were authoritarian because the most powerful powerbroker was the military and they did n't want to lose their power to grinius , who wanted to end martial law and reduce the budget for the military . 
  they installed smetona and remained powerful and wealthy . 
  the claim that there was a chance of internal turmoil is now largely dismissed . 
  it was used as a pretext and nothing else . 
  well , for a long time you had most of the advanced civilizations , including the roman empire , existing in warm climates . 
  the north-south divide is a pretty recent development . 
   let 's face it the `` eastern block '' was set up for failure to begin with comprising less than 30 % of ggdp and lacking good options in trade . 
  the eastern block was a command economy with a political system made up of party cadres . 
  it could ensure modernisation and economic growth so long as the command bit understands it 's necessity but no more than that . 
  that 's why the eastern block fared pretty well until 1970 . 
  if you do n't have free markets , the allocation of resources is most likely extremely inefficient . 
  trade is also a factor in this , however , i think the most important point here would be very poor political institutions that shaped the democracies in the region later on . 
   and captialism has usually devolved to function on the basis of a rich centre with a poor periphery . 
  this becomes apparent on a global scale , but also if you look at a regional level , with gb probably being the best example . 
  do n't know about this one , maybe i would need to do some reading on it . 
  i think this is not necessarily a product of capitalism but rather the result of the globalisation . 
  since the location of the resources is no longer relevant and advanced countries try not to rely on resource production , there is nothing to prevent capital and labour from accumulating in one location . 
  think of it as adjacency boon :d .  with few ressources , less possibilities for agriculture , more difficult climate and less options for efficient trade nowadays the most important resource is the population and the more open market and democratic a country is , the better it uses it 's most important resource . 
  the issue with clientelistic systems is that they both prevent the free market from operating efficiently due to creating rents and market failures and also prevent democratic institutions from properly functioning due to clientelistic relations taking priority over meritocracy . 
  wealth is derived from having proper political and econimic institutions , which the poor regions in your example lacks . 
  wealth is a derivative , not a cause . 
  the poorer regions , like south italy and greece have weak political institutions , clientelism , and in turn do not provide their citizens with sufficient incentives to do honest work , which in turn makes the region poorer . 
  pilate 's role in jesus ' death was downplayed later on for various reasons , as time went by gentiles were sought after by christians who did n't want to portray a gentile ( pilate ) in bad light , while on the other hand the jews were being demonized . 
  source : origins of satan , elaine pagels . 
  the ideology was n't too different as well , eh ? 
  also , germany and ussr were the main allies during the interwar , so despite some turmoil , germany was considered to be an ally for a long time . 
  a lot of lithuanians willingly took part in what the nazis did , there 's no need to add some sort of prisoners who were so bad that they were jailed but then freed by * literal nazis * . 
  does n't matter , it was n't a kingdom . 
  that is the point of what i am trying to say . 
  it just was n't a kingdom because it was not a kingdom . 
  this is the point we are discussing . 
  if you are not considered to be a kingdom , you are not a kingdom . 
  it was officially catholic for a very long time . 
  no mate , i am telling you , the kingdom bit comes from recognition !, 
  it is political recognition by your de facto peers that you are de jure one of their equals . 
  and western powers did not recognize lithuania as their equal . 
  this is the important bit . 
  otherwise words are just words and we can call medieval lithuania as an empire or whatever , who cares ? 
  look , this is the kingdom of navarre , it was a small weak state , but nevertheless it was a kingdom and was recognized as such : https://i.imgur.com/6prcic7.png size or power does n't really come into account . 
  its a seperate subject . 
  it is not only a title but a status and it is very important for the medieval period . 
  so saying that it was a kingdom if it was not for * all * the things that actually make a kingdom is redundant . 
  this is what i am trying to tell you . 
  i bet if you were a geologist and somebody claimed that indigenous rocks are a polish conspiracy you would n't be pleased . 
  lithuania did not have the same `` feudalism '' as in the west . 
  over-time it developed an oligarchy which ruled the country without any opposition and ran it down . 
  similar development happened in poland and hungary . 
  in the west , the monarch was powerful enough to oppose the nobles and used his power to protect and develop cities , which could then become powerful players on their own . 
  there was no such balance of power here . 
  lithuania was not a powerful state . 
  even having said that , having strong military power does not make it a kingdom . 
  it was not considered a kingdom because the ruler was not crowned by the pope or the emperor of the holy roman empire . 
  it had no formal recognition as such . 
  if you are not recognized as a formal king by the other kings , you are not a king , same as if you 're not recognized as an independent country by other independent countries , you are not considered as such . 
  besides the short period when mindaugas was crowned , it was * always * a grand duchy , and was recognized as such . 
  that is the end of the story . 
  there 's no use trying to compare medieval lithuania to russia five centuries later because these are two completely different worlds with different rules . 
  i am not even sure what you are arguing anymore . 
  i am a historian and you are using disparate facts most likely taken from a 10th grade textbook . 
  those textbooks you 've read in school ? 
  full of bullshit that teaches you nothing . 
  i would recommend reading up on history from a better source than that . 
  saying that lithuania was a christian feudal kingdom is the same as saying that ukraine is a free market democracy and a member of the eu . 
  the article says - lithuania was not a kingdom in the western christian sense , there was no dark conspiracy against lithuanian rulers , they were simply not kings in the christian europe sense . 
  they were called kings in the same style as you would call somebody in africa a tribal king , aka - a petty king , not a western christian feudal monarch . 
  the article clearly states that lithuania was not considered a kingdom , and after it christianized it was not a kingdom still since the ruler was not crowned as a king . 
  this is very fucking important back in those times . 
  the internal structure and economic system , basically everything that matters , was different in lithuania than in the rest of europe . 
  we looked more like russians or tatars than western europeans . 
  even poles were wayyyy ahead comparatively . 
   grand dutchy or kingdom -  empire . 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  this is not fucking crusader kings !!!!, 
  you are basically using soviet historiographical tradition of making lithuania grand and poland the evil enemy that did n't want us to succeed . 
  good job , mr. amateur historian . 
  why oh why oh why must lithuanians use history just to make themselves feel better about an ancient state ? 
  we 're no better than russians , since we will always believe whatever bullshit makes us feel better about our history . 
  i fucking hate that . 
  according to the dean of faculty of history of vilnius university , no . 
  the coppers themselves told theresa that they used to have sufficient resources to have good intel on whats going on in the neighbourhood , until the cuts . 
  they used to be able to act pro-actively in such situations , rather than just reacting . 
  real life history is not crusader kings or whatever you 're basing this on :d, 
  ok , you can nitpick a sentence and use it to discard the whole argument . 
  * critical thinking intensifies * to quote a wise man :  i ca n't even take you seriously with statements like these . 
  no , you have to take aggregate income for each quintile and what taxes each quintile pays , even though the united states , for example , have a lot of tax holes , the aggregate tax amount shows that they still pay more taxes than the middle class , when compared to their income . 
  therefore , your argument is factually incorrect . 
  it is not my imagination , i meet these people all the time and the statistics show that a lot of elderly people are at great risk of poverty . 
  their pension alone says enough . 
  the boat is sinking because the people are leaving the place . 
  the problems that we currently face were not created by the ussr , the same problems existed in the interwar period . 
  and the problem is not that the economy is weak or whatever that means .
