  it varies a lot . 
  university of belgrade has very valuable diplomas , while some from private faculties , or from some other city , are n't worth at all . 
  really ? 
  you subtitle your comments ? 
  you do n't seem to understand what ` ally ' means . 
  oh ok , i did n't realize you 're a retard . 
  no comment on the videos ? 
  sure . 
  my point is that us knew exactly what they were doing . 
  no one spends trillions and get unexpected result . 
  they allowed isis so it could destabilize syria . 
  they wanted to topple syria way before the arab spring . 
  current situation was planned , together with hell in syria , and european destabilization . 
  history of the region from articles you posted only support the notion that ` the west ' knew exactly what 's going to happen . 
  between 500.000 and 1.000.000 iraqis died as a result of western intervention . 
  tell more more about that actual analysis ? 
  shifting the blame ? 
  it 's a fact , and an obvious one . 
  everyone expected something like this to happen . 
  west fucked up so bad in iraq that it wo n't resolve the issue any time soon . 
  let me correct myself , they created such a big mess , that they do n't even know what to do . 
  it reached the point of no return . 
  this wo n't stop in decades . 
  he chose not to mention that terrorist attacks are mostly caused by foreign policy of western countries . 
  that west is supporting fanatics in syria , tunis , libya etc. 
  people much much worse than pro-russian separatists in ukraine . 
  you really think that world is black and white ? 
  fool . 
  nope , but being behind toppling multiple governments . 
  like tunis , libya , syria ( they tried ) , iraq etc. 
  i 'm not justifying terror attack , but merely pointing out that it was expected as france was behind every fuck up in the middle east in the last 15 years . 
  ( among others of course ) . 
  not really , terror attack in paris is a result of french foreign policy . 
  bosnia has around 50 % unemployment rate . 
  or language ? 
  maybe ? 
  well , it is kinda wrong is n't it ? 
  like messed up genes ? 
  and those loans are for life , can not be avoided declaring bankruptcy . 
  pretty nasty situation . 
  the median wage in the us per person is $ 26,695 . 
  you know that there 's more than $ 1.2 trillion in outstanding student loan debt in us ? 
  i hope ` european solution ' does n't include building refugee centers in non eu countries . 
  yeah , as long it 's not your house , right ? 
  translation :  gora\u017ddevac - the returnee villages of siga , near pec was torched houses maxim jasovic , inhabitants were not in it and there were no injuries . 
   this is the second case of arson attack to serb houses in the metohija village in the past month , according to radio gorazdevac reminding that previously burned house ljuba ivanovic , which is located 50 meters from the house jasovic . 
   serbs living in the village were scared for their safety and requiring that the competent improve the security situation . 
  go enjoy foreign language . 
  finally a good decision , good job . 
  hmm , really strange that this happened in newly established democracy . 
  nope , my grandfather was a driver for electrical crew , and my grandmother was a cook , from the other side they were housewife and a construction worker . 
  both families got apartments from their companies , and grandparents on mothers side built a weekend house too . 
  something like that is not common these days , not common at all . 
  not sure if you remember , but yugoslavia was a leader of whole region , and they were communists . 
  if there were n't cold war , i 'm sure other communist countries would do a lot better , but ussr could n't compete with ports in england , spain , italy etc. 
  ussr did n't have trade like colonist countries , nor geographic position of the us . 
  imo the question is not ` so much ? 
  ' , but ` like pigs ? 
  i lived too , and it was great . 
  but it 's not about that , it 's about finding some new one . 
  ffs we did n't come up with different system in ages . 
  it 's not communism vs capitalism anymore , it 's capitalism vs nothing , which is extremely dangerous . 
  yes i 'm serious . 
  england , france , spain , portugal , netherlands , italy etc. 
  have trading connections all over the world because of colonial times . 
  germany has huge natural resources , and current success owes to us which helped them , so they could be a rival to ussr . 
  norway was a poor country until it found oil . 
  for finland from wiki : various industries benefited from trade privileges with the soviets , which explains the widespread support that pro-soviet policies enjoyed among business interests in finland . 
  economic growth was rapid in the postwar era , and by 1975 finland 's gdp per capita was the 15th highest in the world . 
  success of western countries has nothing to do with capitalism . 
  western countries are either : colonial powers , rich with natural resources , geographically in better position . 
  sure . 
  yeah , because capitalism is working out great for everyone . 
  though we should come up with something other than capitalism or communism . 
  [ europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe ) is not a country you know . 
  too bad russia did n't come up with some similar comic for ch terrorist attack . 
  yep , well , 750k does n't sound right as 1 million . 
  i guess there will be a lot candy with rum given . 
  it 's 30k annually for 15 years + 300k . 
  just to give you a heads up on what kind of person / u/panonia is : http://imgur.com/wzbadmi he 's gloating over jasenovac concentration camp , he 's clearly ustasa , which is even worse than nazy . 
  german general reporting on ustasa actions : wehrmacht general edmund glaise von horstenau reported the following to the german high command :  our troops have to be mute witnesses of such events ; it does not reflect well on their otherwise high reputation ... 
  i am frequently told that german occupation troops would finally have to intervene against usta\u0161e crimes . 
  this may happen eventually . 
  right now , with the available forces , i could not ask for such action . 
  ad hoc intervention in individual cases could make the german army look responsible for countless crimes which it could not prevent in the past . 
  they 're not alone , many countries that base their economy on oil exports are in deep shit . 
  http://money.cnn.com/2015/10/25/investing/oil-prices-saudi-arabia-cash-opec-middle-east/ worrying is that most of those countries are armed to the teeth . 
  do you really believe that ? 
  it 's not about who sent soldiers to conflict , it 's about who lobbied . 
  once nato engaged in middle east , smaller european countries had to take part , because that 's the deal , and that 's totally fine . 
  i 'm talking about which countries wanted to start it in the first place . 
  only in recent weeks , there has been real talk about who 's to blame , there are articles on bbc , guardian etc. 
  about uk and us made deal to attack iraq a lot earlier than fabricated reports on wmd . 
  it 's about actions like that , not the poor bulgaria who sent like 300 soldiers after everything has already been settled . 
  to be fair , eastern european countries have next to nothing to do with that whole mess in the middle east . 
  main countries that lobbied for actions there were germany , uk , italy , france etc. 
  and those countries should deal with influx of refugees . 
  why would serbia , croatia , macedonia or any other balkan country deal with refugees , when they had nothing to do with military policy proposed by western countries ? 
  eu is not military union , but economic . 
  and this is the problem caused by military actions , not by some eu economic policy .
