  consider that they are muslims , they have many children where mostly only father contribute . 
  then i have to say i underestimated romanian quality of life , but i do n't think it 's even close to 1000 euro / month . 
  [ numbeo ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/city_result.jsp?country=romania&amp;city=bucharest&amp;displaycurrency=eur ) says it 's 470 euro after tax . 
  in belgrade it 's around 350 euros and we have 20 % unemployment . 
  with that unemployment i guarantee you that almost no refugees would find employment , not with that many serbs without work . 
  edit : think how many romanians migrate to western europe ? 
  if many romanians ca n't find decent life in romania , why do you think refugees would ? 
  yeah , refugee centers . 
  but would those refugees be there for life ? 
  they have to integrate into society sooner or later , and integrating into romanian society would only bring them despair and starvation . 
  refugees need a place to go on with their lives , and they could n't do that in romania , nor any neighbouring country . 
  i know for a fact that they would starve if stayed in serbia . 
  hell , there 's a huge percent of serbs below poverty line , why you think anyone would help a refugee before his fellow citizen ? 
  why is it funny ? 
  a lot of romanians are dirt poor , meaning those refugees would starve if stayed there . 
  economic left/right : -9.13 social libertarian/authoritarian : -3.49, 
  yep , of course . 
  from what i saw , you really have some great food . 
  but only crap food leaves your borders to be honest , which gives bad impression . 
  go check out that overly competitive disorder you have . 
  oh i know , their country is huge , they must have both good and bad food . 
  and indeed they have some tasty looking bbq , but it 's more about the trend they brought with genetically modified food , chemistry , pesticides and all . 
  chinese product quality = = american food quality . 
  seems like op is trying to heal his racism complex with some bullshit article . 
  i do n't know , a lot of refugees are coming to serbia , but still no incidents . 
  but in your part of the europe , there are burned refugee centers and raised nazi flags . 
  well , we see how good the west is with helping countries stop wars , considering that most refugees are from countries where the west did intervene . 
  why do you think that we ca n't come up with a system different from any other we had , and that i automatically took communism as an alternative ? 
  serbia for example , while being safe , has more than 20 % unemployment rate . 
  meaning they would n't find a job , any job , to survive . 
  eating once in couple days is pretty similar as living near the war zone . 
  and believe me , if those people stayed is serbia , they would start starving . 
  refugee crisis is a great example showing how current capitalist system does n't have humanity in mind . 
  yeah , all serbia needs is more kebab near kosovo . 
  serbia has implemented free trade agreement with the eu since 2006 . 
  that 's why our economy is fucked . 
  absolutely , but that 's only the case if they want to win , which i 'm not so certain of . 
  i think they benefit from unresolved conflict more , do n't forget that they can level ukraine pretty fast if they wanted to . 
  why would they send the best of the best when they 're unable to support them with everything they have ? 
  keep in mind that russian forces in ukraine do n't have full support of russian army . 
  they ca n't call in airstrikes or easily call reinforcements nor artillery . 
  oh , i misunderstood . 
  yep , you 're right . 
  what was particularly bad ? 
  as far as i know , we could travel were we wanted to , listen to any music we like , go to nice company vacation spending 13th salary . 
  sure , we were n't developed as some western countries , but those western countries did n't do that themselves . 
  they got help from the us , so they could present a challenge to the ussr . 
  well , eu , among others , caused this crap in the first place . 
  if i were a muslim , i would go straight to berlin or brussels , as they were the ones supporting various rebel and terrorist groups in the middle east . 
  oh and yeah , wealthy muslim countries do n't care about them , i was just stating causes of my frustration . 
  next time eu will think twice if it plans to arm third of the middle east . 
  oh , i did n't count people living in belgrade xd, 
  well , you do have 350k people . 
  11 - 4 is pretty humiliating , great job guys !, 
  you know we won u20 football world cup just a month or so ago ? 
  the thing is that those ` invaders ' had majority of 80 % in areas which they had to leave . 
  also , it was 20 years ago , not 100 . 
  i guess more people believe in black and white world than not . 
  shut up and eat your english potato !, 
  that 's absolutely true . 
  but it happened because of technology , not because of the system . 
  actually , it happened despite the system . 
  everything we have now , happened because of ingenious technologies . 
  that technological advancement is constantly slowed down by the system , by that notion of capital and profit . 
  nah , some higher-up probably told him to , and he 'll be moved to some other position . 
  i believe that we have outgrown our current system , and that we should devise a new one , opposed to just shuffle existing ones . 
  and yes , i believe that we have infinite resources , believe in jedi masters , in aliens , in lizard people . 
  if that floats your boat . 
  even that is fine . 
  would you like to live off of just food/clothes money ? 
  probably not , i know i would n't . 
  i want a family , a nice house , nice car etc. 
  so even if there were a living wage , i would choose to keep working . 
  and that would probably be a case for most people . 
  if someone wants to choose a life of minimum spending , then by all means they can . 
  i think that scarcity is just being imposed on us , i believe we have enough for everyone , even if someone does n't want to work . 
  money and means are there . 
  what 's the purpose of technology then ? 
  we keep inventing machines and ways to reduce the amount of human labor , yet we do n't really direct those results to actually help humanity work less . 
  when we invent a machine that reduces needed workers from 1000 to 100 , those 900 become a burden ? 
  no , they should not be burden . 
  those 1000 people should split those 100 jobs , and still keep the same wage . 
  it 's a logical thing to do . 
  if we do n't do that , then that machine was invented for who ? 
  for shareholders ? 
  we 're on crossroads now , but in 50 years it will be very obvious that we live in abundance and that not everyone has to work . 
  yep , true , it 's ` wrong denomination ' . 
   cassette bombs dropped on nis https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cluster_bombing_of_ni%c5%a1, 
  under un resolution it 's still part of serbia , so it 's technically correct . 
  and we know that technically correct is the best kind of correct . 
  the hague , and because of cassette bombs dropped on nis during 1999 . 
  both alphabets are official in serbia , so that statement truly is false . 
  ` wrong religion ' would be more precise . 
  who you think gave weapons to rebels ? 
  us and europe gave arms and financial support to rebels thus created that whole mess . 
  not a single group of rebels in the world could become a match for state military without external funding . 
  europe and us directly created that mess . 
  cost of the iraq war is well above 2 trillion . 
  us has immense logistical , strategic and tactical capacity , backed with best minds a money can buy . 
  that being said , it ca n't be a fuck-up .
