haha , you think that serbia is sovereign country ? 
  we 'll close the border when berlin says we close it , not sooner . 
  yes , you 're not a polar bear expert . 
  i think that if humans are so stupid and bad at cooperation we would n't have corporations worth quarter of a trillion . 
  and i think it 's beyond what people think is a conspiracy , like a murder or a cover up . 
  true conspiracy we live in is a world of profit . 
  you do n't have to conspire with anyone to make the use of the poor , it 's just how system is set up . 
  but it 's the ability to grasp the idea that system is set up , that there in fact is someone pulling the strings , that someone is building a framework for exploiting people . 
  take a look at the big picture , even in each rich country there is some kind of framework for removing wealth from middle and lower class people . 
  in us you have student debt , in eu you have austerity . 
  i think that whole financial sector is a framework for control , it 's simply not based on anything and is incredibly volatile . 
  it 's really depressing to see how word ` conspiracy theorist ' have evolved . 
  people are so afraid of that label that even if something sounds more than plausible , they tend to disregard just out of the fear for being called ` conspiracy theorist ' . 
  and i 'm not talking just about this story , but about the big picture . 
  corporate world and government are spending ridiculous amounts on lobbying , subversion etc. 
  but when someone states his opinion on something which is different than official story , people tend to run away from it like mad . 
  until we stop supporting corporate , we do n't deserve better . 
  so stop just throwing around ` conspiracy theorist ' . 
  yep, 
  excuse me ? 
  serbia had more than 600.000 own refugees in last 20 years , and those people certainly did n't run away from nice and good hearted croats or albanians . 
  i watched evening news . 
  on some border crossings they are letting serbs cross , even with their car . 
  on some other ones they are stopping buses , and calling serbs out of the bus and not letting them through , even if the bus is not registered in serbia . 
  so , i guess they should inform themselves good before a trip . 
  please do . 
  just to note that / u/panonia is calmer version of damir33 , so having a discussion with him is a waste of time . 
  orders come from berlin . 
  oh i understand that , that 's logical thing to do . 
  but it would n't be good if everything on balkans is nice and calm , would it ? 
  someone do think that way * cough germany cough *, 
  you do n't seem to understand the concept of vassal state . 
  if they decide to fuck us , they 'll fuck us . 
  what we could do , start a war ? 
  because we 're not being ordered to , we 're not a sovereign country . 
  we deliver them all to croatia ?!, 
  are you aware how many of them went to hungary in last couple months ? 
  they went to croatia only after hungary is closed , now it 's turn to croatia to do their part . 
  50k is small number , there are more than that waiting in serbia and more than that coming . 
  croatia is breaking the chain , it should dump them further the line . 
  it sounds strange , but it 's the only way . 
  greece would implode if we closed borders with macedonia . 
  greece has arrangement with imf and ez , so it ca n't spend a dime more on migrants than it 's spending currently . 
  it 's not about serbia or croatia , it 's about reducing weight from whole region . 
  hmm , so why do you think we could handle them if you ca n't ? 
  no one ca n't handle them , serbia ca n't , just like croatia , macedonia , greece etc. 
  we do n't have obligation to process them . 
  we 're not in the eu , croatia is , and for that matter , greece . 
  if they should be processed , then it should be done in greece . 
  closing borders to unrelated commercial traffic ( just to make things more tense ) and dumping them to hungary is not something serious politician should consider . 
  that only happened couple days after the damage is already done . 
  this move by croatian government is made under false pretext , banning any serbian lorry to enter croatia because of refugee crisis is just ridiculous . 
  hungary was under pressure because of migrants , but they did n't close their borders for a second for commercial purposes . 
  why would they ? 
  they blocked commerce like it 's serbia 's fault migrants are heading towards croatia . 
  there is over 60k migrants in serbia right now , and they need to get out . 
  we 're not members of the eu , croatia is and they should handle them . 
  serbia could block passage from macedonia , and macedonia from greece , but then what ? 
  i do n't need to mention croatian handling of situation with moving them to hungary and that whole scandal of 40 arrested policemen . 
  croatia entered eu , now suck it up . 
  serbia do n't have anything to do with all that . 
  there 's explanation [ here ] ( http://www.b92.net/eng/news/politics.php?yyyy=2015&amp;mm=09&amp;dd=22&amp;nav_id=95514 ) . 
  namely , croatia saw fit to close all borders with serbia and for all traffic , meaning serbia lost millions in spoiled goods ( in trucks that waited in lines , often longer than 10km ) even if croatia is the member of the eu , to whom serbia has trade agreements . 
  effectively croatia broke dozens of agreements and imposed sanctions to serbia . 
  serbia 's countermeasures were to stop importing any croatian product , no matter where it 's coming from . 
  then , as a response to our countermeasures , croats just blocked any serb from entering their country . 
  it wo n't . 
  both parties are claiming they drew the short straw . 
  albanians that threw the eggs would n't like to give serbs absolutely anything . 
  are you serious ? 
  you 're proposing putting people in camps . 
  people who lost everything because of wars initiated by us and the west . 
  it was so easy to send billions in arms to the middle east , but now when people are running away from there you propose putting them in camps . 
  if west did n't send a shit load of arms , and if it did n't kill 500.000 iraquies nothing of this would 've happen . 
  now it has to deal with consequences . 
  yeah , final solution solved the problem too . 
  oh i 'm shocked !, 
  i would never have thought that croats still support , or at least turn a blind eye to nazis . 
  western countries ai n't giving shit to eastern ones . 
  they mask their exploitation of work force with couple millions and that 's it . 
  i would like to see twice more syrians and 10x more muslims in germany in the future . 
  i guess my wish is going to come true . 
   you do n't have a right to violate a sovereign country 's laws and borders just because you do understand that us caused most of this shit ? 
  it would n't be a problem to croatia even if they decide to welcome refugees . 
  they have much experience managing camps . 
  they learned from the b ( w ) est. 
  please , do n't even ask . 
  oh come on , i have 30mbit connection for 14 euros in serbia . 
  we 've made peace with what we did , but you still call murder of more than 500.000 people a ` mistake ' . 
  it was not a mistake , it was planned destruction of multiple countries . 
   mistakes that 's how us call atrocities nowadays ? 
  and probably shit load of arms that were sent to syria 's rebels . 
  and then someone says we 're conspiracy theorists . 
  south stream was cancelled because of the pressure put in by washington and berlin . 
  did i got it right ? 
  yep , i understand that , i 'm web developer myself and it 's similar situation in belgrade , i guess it sector stands out in most cities in eastern europe . 
  but ask yourself , are refugees forward-thinking , higher-educated people with knowledge of something that would land them a job fast ? 
  nope ( mostly ) , they are people with families , where only males ( mostly ) would work . 
  if a family of 4 , lets say mother , father and 2 children come to bucharest , and a father lands a job which pays lets say 350 euros ( if median is 500 ) , what 's your take on how would their life look like ? 
  i must say i 'm not sure , but i have a feeling that they would live pretty shitty life , compared to munich , berlin or some nordic city .
