  hmm , so if limit is 100 % , banks would have to use their own money ( as anyone else ) , and they could n't profit on lending money that is n't their 's in the first place ? 
  does n't sound so tragic to me . 
  why would a bank be allowed to collect interest on something that is n't theirs ? 
  one would say it 's because of the risk they 're taking , but i do n't see any bank going under because of that , on the contrary , most banks received bailouts when needed . 
  stating the tea brand would be helpful , 
  thanks for clarification , my bad . 
  though i do n't understand one thing , if there 's 20 % reserve limit , bank can lend only 80 out of 100 . 
  if reserve limit is 100 % , how it could lend anything ? 
  that 's not true . 
  when central bank gives , let 's say 1000 euros to bank through credit . 
  that bank can lend ( if they must have for example 50 % required reserves ) 2000 euros , effectively creating 1000 euros out of thin air . 
  if you think that 's appropriate after what us did in iraq , then sure , knock yourself out . 
  if we do n't celebrate anything , then i guess we do our usual thing ? 
  yep , very intense . 
  bosniaks does n't exist ^ ^ trololololo, 
  got something or just releasing silent farts ? 
  do bosnians call silent farts tihomirs too ? 
  try starting a discussion with a tv set . 
  reddit is totally different thing than a tv . 
  sure , but i think it 's around 300.000 years , not 300 . 
  you forgot k . when serbs came from alpha centaury , they immediately started genociding peaceful and poor albanians . 
  how 's that ? 
  european countries were involved in all major events on the middle east . 
  i would n't say they lack willingness at all . 
  there is even less they occupy romania . 
  one thing is to support rebels in another country ( which became common practice nowadays ) , other is full invasion . 
  i like how after ukraine and 9000 deaths ( and we ca n't stick all of it to putin ) , putin is called mad dog , but after iraq and 500.000-1 .000.000 deaths caused by us , us has some sort of peacekeeper attribute . 
  you should be more worried with having a big target on your head now . 
  in case of nuclear war , missile shields are first to be targeted . 
  hmm , so it 's safer for me if i ca n't have a gun to protect myself ? 
  no worries , i got not problem going to greece  too bad [ these ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-albania-czech-killings-idukkcn0pe0ax20150704 ) people do n't have that opportunity anymore . 
  top location if you want couple rounds to the back of your head . 
  yeah , it makes sense . 
  hmm , do you live in serbia , or you 're gastoz ? 
  i do n't know , between ds , sns , sps and srs it would be close call on who would ruin the country more . 
  only thing is that srs never been to power , and we do n't know the outcome . 
  for ds , sns and sps we clearly see what happened . 
  unless you think ds or sns are fine , then i ca n't help you in any way . 
  what does that mean ? 
  timetravel ? 
  you do understand that you 're speaking french , not belgian ? 
  well , considering ww2 , they should have at least 20 % of citizens of foreign origin . 
  though with 100mbit connection . 
  i think they 're sacking him because of the helicopter crash . 
  he 's displaying government in bad light because of that , and elections are kind of near . 
  they could n't fire him then ( when crash happened ) so they 've told him to do some stupid shit , and get himself fired . 
  that way , they 're heroes to women , they 're displaying that they 're not afraid to sack one of their own etc. 
  it 's a win situation for them , they just tossed the bad apple . 
  sure . 
  at least they do n't have ` hague invasion act ' like us . 
  considering how much profits they earned in recent years , i would n't say their business was threatened . 
  they cheated purely for more cash . 
  we 've been practicing for that day . 
  yep , it detains millions of barrels of their oil too . 
  as their nationality is based on the fact that they 're muslim , they have to be muslimest of the muslims . 
  in the end of the day , you 're still filthy brown scum . 
  just a regular turk . 
  you 're the one looking like a fanatic . 
  they lost , but they surely did n't come up short . 
  formally , yes . 
  though there is a procedure of escorting an aircraft away from your space . 
  that plane only went through 3-5 km of turkey 's airspace . 
  this is from other thread . 
  this is a flight path posted by turkey . 
  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cukbwtuuaaalpfl.png i do n't think that 's a reason to shot down a plane . 
  i think it 's not important that it 's not done in western europe , because the target was a european country . 
  bomb could 've exploded anywhere in europe . 
  and they did n't count russian metrojet 9268 , which had 219 people abroad . 
  though i would n't say mh17 was a terror attack . 
  huge fuck up ? 
  sure , but not really terror attack . 
  you know , after terror attack , terrorist groups would rush in to take the blame . 
  but for mh17 , no one involved wanted to . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opium_production_in_afghanistan  opium production in afghanistan has been on the rise since u.s. occupation started in 2001 . 
  [ 4 ] based on unodc data , opium poppy cultivation was more in each of the growing seasons in the periods between 2004 and 2007 than in any one year during taliban rule . 
  more land is now used for opium in afghanistan than is used for coca cultivation in latin america . 
  in 2007 , 92 % of the non-pharmaceutical-grade opiates on the world market originated in afghanistan . 
  [ 2 ] this amounts to an export value of about $ 4 billion , with a quarter being earned by opium farmers and the rest going to district officials , insurgents , warlords , and drug traffickers . 
  [ 3 ] in the seven years ( 1994 -- 2000 ) prior to a taliban opium ban it began when us arrived and peaked during their stay . 
  over 90 % of world heroin production is done in afghanistan . 
  i forgot / s. 
  for a country waging war on drugs , us certainly done a wonderful job in afghanistan . 
  it 's in the main street . 
  great job !, 
  i really hope some eastern european country break out of corrupt cycle . 
  it does say same details , it 's quite unusual to have same day of birth , location etc. 
  maybe it 's a one of templates they use for fake passports . 
  i guess he did n't have dismantling in mind after all . 
  you got some wire-cutting tanks ? 
  if movies and tv shows taught me anything , they were trying to catch the bigger fish . 
  then why was war on syria planned in 1991 ? 
  [ link ] ( http://www.scriptonitedaily.com/2013/08/27/us-general-wesley-clark-war-on-syria-planned-in-1991-as-part-of-middle-east-land-grab/ ), 
  sure . 
  i was inside couple months ago . 
  it looks like an aftermath of nuclear war . 
  everything is broken down , cables are hanging from ceilings etc. 
  how to call ideology behind murdering around 500.000-1 .000.000 iraqis by the hand of western powers ? 
  mistakanism ? 
  because there are many mistakes , it 's not a single one ( tunis , libya , syria , afghanistan ) . 
  i think we definately need to name it .
