  do n't have smarter things to do than spew that bullshit around ? 
  do n't be an idiot . 
  there were not attacks whatsoever this time though . 
  russia has superior aa because of geography , not because their planes are less technologically advanced . 
  they simply have less of them , as they ca n't utilize them . 
  country is not defended with planes , but with aa . 
  their arsenal is focused towards defence , while us built theirs for offence . 
  hence a lot of planes and carriers . 
  edit : haha , nice username, 
  that 's true , they 're maybe even counting hong kong in . 
  [ china average yearly wages ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/china/wages ) . 
  it 's 8330 eur/year, 
  sure . 
  and with pretty high-tech tanks . . and planes . . and aa . . 
  huh , christians did some fucked up shit - and not even too long ago either . 
  not sure if you 're defending christianity or ... 
  i 'll just leave [ this ] ( http://www.eupedia.com/europe/haplogroup_i2_y-dna.shtml#i2a1 ) here . 
  take it as you wish . 
  please take a look at [ this map ] ( http://www.eupedia.com/europe/haplogroup_i2_y-dna.shtml#i2a1 ) . 
  genes do not lie . 
  they did it by massive uncontrolled migration from albania after the ww2 . 
  do you hear crickets ? 
  i stand corrected - though i would argue that purchasing power in china is higher despite higher wages in romania . 
  not a single region in china is lagging behind romania . 
  poorest region in china has 10 chinese yen per hour minimal wage - that 's 1.5 usd . 
  i believe that 's higher than romania 's . 
  you must be extra stupid to think that russian self-imposed this current isolation . 
  admits it 's mistakes ? 
  who went to jail ? 
  also , you really believe it 's a mistake ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casualties_of_the_iraq_war not to mention creating isis as a side-effect . 
  it 's about him talking like uk has moral high ground with russia , while in fact uk has blood till their elbows . 
  you 're moralizing ? 
  uk led war against iraq which killed million people , and you 're making russia seem bad ? 
  serbian territory does remind me of one country , hmm . . which one is it . . 
  i 'm just guessing , but us seems like a go-to place for that kind of entertainment . 
  pining for the partisans where politics are stuck in the 1980s , if not the 1940s aug 27th 2016 | zagreb | from the print edition timekeeper koki the parrot is a shrewd old bird . 
  he used to belong to marshal josip tito , yugoslavia 's longtime communist leader , who died in 1980 . 
  koki lives on the croatian island of brioni , where tito spent six months of the year , and where the villas are still reserved for croatia 's leaders . 
  if visitors are lucky , koki will swear at them , or squawk `` tito !, 
  tito !, 
  tito ! '' if koki had a bigger vocabulary , he would doubtless enjoy revealing croatia 's darkest state secrets , which he has surely overheard . 
  on august 16th croatia lurched into a new election season , and it is a measure of the country 's frozen politics that some of the key campaign issues hinge on conversations koki might have eavesdropped on decades ago . 
  take the murder of stejpan djurekovic , who was shot and hacked to death with a meat cleaver in germany in 1983 . 
  mr djurekovic was an \u00e9migr\u00e9 active in croatian nationalist circles . 
  on august 3rd a german court sentenced josip perkovic and zdravko mustac , two former yugoslav secret-service agents , to life imprisonment for organising his death . 
  in this section al-malarkey the revenant pining for the partisans beauty and tragedy fighting for position reprints related topics europe croatia croatia 's main parties , the social democrats and the croatian democratic union ( hdz ) , disagree furiously about what this means . 
  zoran milanovic , the head of the social democrats , who was prime minister from 2011 until this year , fought hard to prevent the extradition of the two men now convicted . 
  so supporters of the hdz say that the social democrats were protecting the men who killed a croatian nationalist . 
  the social democrats retort that the killers had close links to franjo tudjman , independent croatia 's first prime minister in 1991 and the co-founder of the hdz . 
  the two parties are distinguished not so much by their current platforms as by their histories . 
  the social democrats claim the anti-fascist credentials of tito 's communist partisans , who battled nazi occupiers in the second world war . 
  in contrast , many in the hdz admire the wartime ustasha , a nazi-quisling movement . 
  the german verdict has added an extra layer to their historical quarrels . 
  another recent spat concerns hdz ministers who attended the unveiling of a monument to a croatian nationalist whose accomplishments included murdering the yugoslav ambassador to sweden in 1971 . 
  some saw this as poor form . 
  all this folklore distracts from more important issues . 
  croatian politics have been a mess for months . 
  the previous election was in november , but the resulting hdz-dominated coalition government collapsed in june over a corruption scandal involving the national oil company . 
  the hdz then jettisoned its leader , who had allowed the party 's ustasha-admiring elements to the fore . 
  the new leader , andrej plenkovic , is a moderate member of the european parliament . 
  he wants to wrench his party back to the centre , and says he deplores the populism that is sweeping europe . 
  as for historical issues , he says , croatia needs `` sober debate '' about the crimes of both ustashas and communists . 
  one reason to stick to the past may be the two parties ' dreary records in the present . 
  the social democrats had a disastrous economic record during their years in power , from 2011 until january 2016 : the economy shrank four years out of five . 
  in the years before that , the hdz gained a reputation for corruption , which its most recent term did nothing to dispel . 
  the hdz is trailing in the polls , and neither party will gain enough votes to govern alone after the september 11th election . 
  some analysts predict a grand coalition between the two major parties , though mr plenkovic says this is `` not an option '' . 
  the obsession with history makes it perhaps less odd that , in a televised campaign debate , mr milanovic attempted to win over hdz voters by proudly revealing that his grandfather had been an ustasha . 
  such tactics appal many . 
  boris miletic is the head of a regional party that runs istria , the area where koki lives ( see map ) . 
  tourism is a mainstay of the economy ; this season , mr miletic says , has been `` fantastic , perhaps the best since the war '' ( referring to croatia 's conflict with serbian forces from 1991 to 1995 ) . 
  but then his mood darkens . 
  arguing about ustashas and the past is `` really embarrassing '' , he says . 
  `` we need to talk about the future . '' he lists reforms which the hdz and social democrats have promised for years : decentralising power , rationalising territorial divisions , and so on . 
  unfortunately , in croatia , the main political parties seem incapable of anything but parroting the same old lines . 
  he just wanted to use it before expiration date . 
  i like you . 
  even jewish cats are chairmans . . ^ ^ ^ kidding, 
  i may seem a teenager because of this , but - buahahahahahahahahahahaha - iraq and afghanistan - buahahahahahaha . 
  i may seem a teenager because of this , but - buahahahahahahahahahahaha - iraq and afghanistan - buahahahahahaha . 
  please tell me where nato restored democracy ? 
  friends and i one evening looked up minimal wage in china and in serbia . 
  serbia has lower than poorest china 's region . 
  clueless_as_fuck - justified username, 
  depends of the country , if you 're black in us just call 911 . 
  whoa , your account is one big cringe . 
  i wonder how much time it would take to discover new system , or we 'll be locked to capitalism-communism forever . 
  would barely fill football stadium . . 
  yep , good job . 
  though i did only want to take some of your time . 
  croatia : 17.9 serbia : 17.3 yeah , proves your point very well . 
  you could sort by rate to see how well is each country doing . 
  [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_unemployment_rate ), 
  load of bullshit . 
  serbia 's hive mind is calling second of seven back to collective . 
  resistance is futile . 
  \u0160e\u0161elj went home so easily ? 
  his trial lasted for 12 years , and he 's proven innocent on a court that could 've easily lock him down . 
  that 's not true .
