  also , mladic offered amnesty to all who surrendered in srebrenica , but naser oric and muslim leadership did n't want that . 
  you know , but probably wo n't accept , that alija izetbegovic sacrificed srebrenica ( by not surrendering ) so klinton could intervene against serbia . 
  yep , i understand your point , though i would n't agree on ` after all this time ' . 
  it 's was n't long ago , i 'm under 30 years old and my grandfather was 30 years old when ww2 started . 
  i 'm not saying that we should push the same rhetoric , but i 'm saying that i understand if people do . 
  imagine how most serbs feel when after ww1 and ww2 , and stuff like jasenovac we gained absolutely nothing but yugoslavia . 
  and after yugoslavia fell apart , we 're inside borders from 100 + years ago , not the ones we should 've got after ww1 or ww2 . 
  take a look at [ this map ] ( http://imgur.com/a/lk6bl ) and you 'll understand why most of us feel really fucked by whole yugoslavia project and why we support the notion of ` greater serbia ' . 
  you know you had around 80k people chanting ` kill all serbs ' with a husband of your president present just couple months ago ? 
  sounds reasonable . 
  poor but uneducated . 
  living in belgrade or not , it 's illegal . 
  may i ask , what do you do for a living ? 
  he 's full of shit , or he 's doing part-time . 
  even cleaning ladies get 200 + euros . 
  i personally do n't know anyone working for less than 250 . 
  not really , they think they 're not deserving bailouts . 
  if milosevic had such great support , why he had to deploy army on demonstrations [ as early as 1991 ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shkbds-upfq ) milosevic rule is an example of how will of the few can overrule the will of the many . 
  found a guy who waited pirated copy of star wars , 
  yep , exactly what you said . 
  #bruxellessadface and that 's about it . 
   efimova said she had taken meldonium for unspecified medical reasons , but stopped before jan. 1 , when the substance became banned in sports . 
  several other athletes who have failed tests have said they only took meldonium before the ban , announced in september , came into force . 
  that substance was added to black list on january 1st of this year . 
  so , yeah , i guess more athletes will turn up positive . 
  that just proves that line can be crossed . 
  her moves were confirming germany 's stance that they 're in charge . 
  not even close to you guys . 
  it 's not about isis and ` moderates ' , it 's about turkmen vs government . 
  [ here 's the map ] ( https://eurasiangeopolitics.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/1-syria-ethnic-map-turkmen-ethnicity-population-and-density22.png?w=839 ) which will help understand conflict better . 
  this is a simple fight of turkmen against government . 
  fair enough . 
  though that user should 've been banned already . 
  i guess it 's action = reaction . 
  why to be involved more than the opposing side ? 
  not really , he just accomplished his mission , which was to boost syrian government . 
  after 12-13 years in prison without conviction , i would throw in a shit and a piss into combo . 
   the one who digs another man 's grave , falls in it himself same here . 
  - serbia, 
  do n't confirm a german stereotype , it was a joke . 
  he did . 
  there are pictures of messages in german . 
  in afghanistan it means death , not simple disrespect . 
  good nato speaking about evil russia . 
  how the fuck did we return back to this shit ? 
  that 's 1600 a month , are you serious ? 
  that 's like average salary in spain . 
  i guess it 's a great time to involve in preaching islam business . 
  years ? 
  how long does it take ? 
  fizika , istorija , gramatika , matematika , geografija are exactly the same in serbian . 
  i would like to see how they 'll deport back more than a million people . 
  and probably a million more until the end of this year . 
  yep , not sure why is there such a commentary on serbia-russia when serbia is neck deep with nato and eu . 
  i guess they have to feed to trolls . 
  it 's usual procedure , they 're testing response times . 
  nato is doing that to russia , and russia is doing that to nato . 
  these kind of ` news ' are used as they 're likely to steer up some nationalism . 
  it 's all a lie . 
  serbia has been allowed to not implement sanctions against russia , so serbia could serve as a proxy country for exporting eu goods to russia . 
  mostly polish and french goods . 
  regarding nato vs russia , we have many agreements with nato and none with russia . 
  [ for example ] ( http://www.b92.net/eng/news/politics.php?yyyy=2016&amp;mm=02&amp;dd=10&amp;nav_id=96997 ) by signing this agreement we allow uninterupted passage for nato troops and sharing of logistics . 
  also , all of our military schools will follow nato standards and we 'll even be trained by nato in one of our military bases . 
  why is serbia always mentioned in bad light regarding nato and eu , i do n't know . 
  but we sure are signing up for everything nato and eu bring us . 
  that 's the thing . 
  1.000.000 deaths is just a ` bad move ' . 
  swiss surely do . 
  especially when wealthy are financing religious fanatics against secular state . 
  many of my acquaintances went to russia to work , and all of them returned with couple thousand euros after 3 months of work . 
  maybe you 're not even russian ? 
  from wiki : the process of secularization in syria began under the french mandate in the 1920s and went on continuously under different governments since the independence . 
  syria has been governed by the arab nationalist ba'ath party since 1963 . 
  the ba'ath government combined arab socialism with secular ideology and an authoritarian political system . 
  the constitution guarantees religious freedom for every recognized religious communities , including many christian denominations . 
  all schools are government-run and non-sectarian , although there is mandatory religious instruction , provided in islam and/or christianity . 
  political forms of islam are not tolerated by the government . 
  the syrian legal system is primarily based on civil law , and was heavily influenced by the period of french rule . 
  it is also drawn in part from egyptian law of abdel nasser , quite from the ottoman millet system and very little from sharia . 
  syria has separate secular and religious courts . 
  civil and criminal cases are heard in secular courts , while the sharia courts handle personal , family , and religious matters in cases between muslims or between muslims and non-muslims . 
  [ 77 ] non-muslim communities have their own religious courts using their own religious law . 
  assad is the only one in for keeping syria a secular state , and that 's about the best direction syria could have . 
  i guess it 's time to start building a fence on the other side as well . 
  well said . 
  i would say that us already owns that license . 
  it 's actually the other way around , eu and us sacrificed whole libya for the sake of one man . 
  could you provide some more info on that ? 
  you would have to compare it to average salary . 
  sure , whole thing costs around 450-500 euros in serbia , but average salary is around 350 euros . 
  leto = year in serbian too , eg . 
  `` star 15 leta '' . 
  some people here try their best to make it a competition . 
  still 1.2 in serbia . 
  have you asked me something , or you 're answering your own questions ? 
  he forgot he 's a finance minister ? 
  thanks !, 
  i suppose it 's something like when you eat poppy brownies .
