why not ? 
  what the hell makes their bronze age culture so special that we ought to appease them ? 
  i suppose , but on the other hand you could just as easily pin the blame for european colonialism on hundreds of years of muslim hostility and attempts to invade and convert the continent . 
  and you could go even further back and blame islam 's shift to the right on the mongols and their destruction of baghdad , and so on . 
  and you 're currently failing to defend it properly . 
  thankfully , there 's still time for change . 
  so are lithuanians and southern slavs , and they all excel at it . 
  not if the us gets direct control of the bosphorus , it 's not . 
  if they get in there , they 're never leaving . 
  perhaps we 'll see a puppet government , or maybe a special zone like they had for the panama canal . 
  either way , if they get the only passage between the black sea and the mediterranean under their control , the only way to get them out would be nukes . 
  if it ever gets to the point where the west is at war with turkey ( something which i consider extremely unlikely unless erdogan stops being a run-of-the-mill authoritarian and goes bezerk ) , then i do n't think occupation is going to be on the invaders ' minds . 
  technically , one of them was committed by a half-german , half-iranian native who does n't seem to have too much in common with the others in regards to motivation . 
  the american public is fearful of muslim terrorism ( among other things ) , not `` the future '' . 
  those are n't mutually exclusive . 
  islam is n't a race or ethnic group , it 's a religion and an ideology . 
  whether you have an immigrant committing such crimes or a native , if they do so in the name of their faith there is n't too much of a difference between them . 
  well , perhaps it 's time to rethink freedom of religion . 
  i 've always found the idea that we ought to respect moral codes based on old bronze age myths and made-up supernatural nonsense to be disturbing in the extreme . 
  he 's a sleazy asshole , but i would n't immediately dismiss his generalizations . 
  sadly enough , they 're proving themselves more and more true every day , and the decades of inaction by western powers regarding islam will eventually result in something far far worse when people get fed up with it . 
  and , thanks to eu funding , they can technically make germany pay for it . 
  china has a long history of inventing things and then not utilizing them properly . 
  and what if he uses the old boiling frog strategy and implements it over a decade or so ? 
  yes , there is . 
  a very strongly developed sense of survival that exists in large part as a result of being oppressed and half-starved by the ussr for the better part of a century . 
  i 've seen it in pretty much every person ( of a certain age ) from ee that i 've met , my own family included . 
  oh , they might have a few . 
  the difference is that they 'll respond to them in such a way as to lower the possibilities of similar attacks happening again . 
  maybe so , maybe not . 
  how sure of that are you ? 
  that 's because you are . 
  it 's fairly obvious what 's happening here . 
  do you hold all countries to this standard ? 
  it 's going to stop when france changes its immigration policies , and makes the responses to these sorts of attacks extremely harsh , immediate and disproportionate . 
  i ca n't imagine anything other than over-the-top retaliation being effective . 
  i 'm starting to get to that point , yes . 
  if you like ; it 's applicable in that case as well . 
  if you have a way of sorting the crazies from the normal ones , i 'm sure we 'd all be glad to hear it . 
  do they ? 
  i do n't recall having seen anything indicating that . 
  mind linking me to a source or two ? 
  because if true , that 's the height of folly . 
  there 's that shared history of sticking it to the russians to bond over . 
  greater access to the us 's spying apparatus , i would guess . 
  committing industrial espionage ( or indeed the regular old sort ) against competitors from asia is significantly easier with access to an excellent intelligence network . 
  `` hmmm , maybe if we 're lucky we can get him to trade us the falklands for a bottle of cognac ... '', 
   i just want to point out that bad things did not only happen to poland or poles , but also against germans by poles . 
  does anyone who 's not some sort of raging germanophobe disagree with that ? 
  i did n't say that it was justified , just that it was the logical result of having lost a war of extermination against them . 
  there are plenty of times during which even the best of people do n't give a damn for abstract ideals such as `` good '' or `` justice '' . 
  this would 've certainly been one of them . 
  i 'm not arguing that it was just , but it was certainly to be expected . 
   the us also kept france and the netherlands for example from annexing large parts of germany . 
  why should those countries not annex large parts of germany if it was justified for poland to do it ? 
  or maybe czechoslovakia could have annexed some parts of germany as well ? 
  yes , that would 've certainly been justified , in my opinion . 
  any possible ethnic cleansing afterwards , no . 
   i know , but still i just dislike the sentiment that what was done to germans after the war was somehow justified . 
  in the immediate aftermath of a war in which the germans attempted to exterminate or enslave the poles ( along with countless other ethnic groups ) ? 
  i 'm honestly amazed that the initial response was n't to simply kill the lot of them . 
  i was under the impression that cameron had never been in favor of leaving , even superficially , and only agreed to the referendum because he 'd used the promise of it as a hedge against ukip in the last election . 
  yes . 
  of course it does n't . 
  slovenia does n't have a centuries-old tradition of invading its neighbors , nor has it invaded any of any of them recently . 
  it was reelected just last year , actually . 
  he has the most bizarre voice , though . 
  there are varying degrees of capitalism , including those with social safety nets . 
  criticizing unchecked capitalism does n't mean that you 're automatically in favor of turning 180 degrees and going in the other direction . 
  yep . 
  geography works against you . 
  if you had no erdogan and the vast majority of turks were militantly secular , getting in would still be a long shot due to the countries you border . 
  and what about germany and austria ? 
  and let 's throw in poland , the netherlands and the czech republic while we 're at it !, 
  it applies in the case of the us as well , but it has several centuries of existence as a country and a relatively homogeneous culture to offset that . 
  given the population disparity between union members , it 's more or less impossible for them to be equal . 
  cornwall may well reap what it 's sown , but i doubt that the majority of the elderly will stick around long enough to suffer the consequences of their actions . 
   but we 're not getting any of that . 
  we need the eu more than it needs us , they can just ignore us until we agree with whatever deal they give us , which wo n't be a nice one . 
  i do n't expect you to , but i 'm guessing that 's what cameron 's successors are going to try , for better or worse . 
  unless there 's such an uproar over the next few weeks that he decides to reverse course and ignore the referendum , which i understand that he 's technically able to do . 
  if he 's a lame duck already , having announced his resignation , what would he have to lose ? 
  no , because an awful lot of people who were against leaving the eu are about to be fucked over as a result of all of this . 
  i was n't claiming that this was a good idea , just that this or something like it is what i expect the uk will try now . 
  if the eu responds by playing hardball , the brits are screwed . 
  no chance of that . 
  rather , boris ( or whoever the new pm will be ) will drag this out for years unless britain gets full access to the common market and all sorts of other concessions . 
  and if the eu calls his bluff , there 's always the option of not actually leaving at all , since the referendum itself does n't carry the force of law . 
  it 's entirely possible to be against what the csa stood for and still believe that they had the right to secede under the rules in place at the time . 
  should n't you be rooting for the success of the union 's remaining members instead ? 
  whatever happens to the uk in both the short and long run , i do n't see the eu holding together unless there are massive reforms to its political and economic structure . 
  has there been an equivalent crime committed by a muslim in germany ? 
  i do n't think i 've heard of anything recently . 
  well , would you say that there are many churches in germany advocating this sort of behaviour ? 
  if so , it 's absolutely a religious problem . 
  if , on the other hand , there 's relatively little support in the local christian community for this sort of thing ... 
  amazingly enough , no . 
  they 're terrible . 
  as a centrist , i see them as a mix of fox news and ( usually mediocre ) comedy , only from the other side of the aisle . 
  colbert is pretty good , but i ca n't say i think much of the other two .
