  and then there are still a few overweight/obese people who are that way due to either glandular disorders or much more commonly their medications such as hormonal birth control . 
  `` calories in vs. calories out '' is the core of the fight against fat , true , but there are many , many other complex factors for individual people . 
  japan is infamously xenophobic . 
  encourage your children to stay british citizens . 
  holy fuck , that sounds like an amazing job !, 
  what would be the formal title of this type of job , so i can look up how to become one ( if it 's possible , as i have n't heard of volunteers being paid to do this until now ) in my area . 
  i did volunteer at a local assisted-living home when i was in 7th grade . 
  chatted with the residents and did light bussing/setting tables , as i usually got there between their midafternoon coffee/snack and their early dinner . 
  the residents loved me being there to hang out with them !, 
  i was so looking forward to volunteering there again a few weeks ago ( wanted to beef up my resume for my job search by volunteering ) because i have such fond memories of doing so as a middle schooler . 
  unfortunately , the place came under new management and they do n't let as many people come volunteer now . 
  i passed the interview , but they did n't have any open volunteering spots for me . 
  :( i will definitely look into the local clubs . 
  my town has lots of old people , so there 's a very large and healthy senior activity scene . 
  aww , that 's so incredibly sweet . 
  i need to get out and visit with some local old people , who knows how many are like these guys ? 
  may this be only the start to a great history at the olympics !, 
  sounds like the us 's case , actually . 
  it 's * the * main reason why over their lifetimes american women on average only make 77 cents to every american man 's dollar . 
  we have laws dating from the 1970s onwards that make it illegal for employers to pay women less per hour for the same work as men , however women have had to take more time off working to care for children than men have . 
  women in the us who are single and childless actually make 96 cents to every man 's dollar , and that 4-cent difference stems from a combination of working in lower-paid fields than men and not asking for as much money in raises over time . 
  it 's a silly stereotype dating from the 1990s because when poles first started coming over to western europe a lot of them took on blue-collar jobs such as plumbing . 
  i find it interesting ( though fairly logical considering how much effort the prussians put in ) how the british do n't have that huge of an occupied area . 
  that makes no fucking sense . 
  visitors do n't typically spend the day in schools when they 're in another country . 
  i just gave you an upvote based on your flair alone . 
  why have n't european countries been doing this for decades already ?!?!, 
  true ` murican right here . 
  hitler comes across as evil to the rest of us , but you have to remember he did the godawful things he did because he genuinely thought he was doing the * best * for his beloved germany that he could . 
  millions of people listened to his ideas , his instructions , and obeyed them because they , too , genuinely thought that they were doing the best for their beloved germany that they could . 
  any idiot can rant & rant & rant , but he wo n't be getting any followers unless other people * choose * to heed his words because they think/feel that they are right . 
  `` the road to hell is * always * paved with good intentions . '', 
  exactly . 
  what 's caused immigrants to assimilate much more quickly & thoroughly here in the us is a vastly greater set of pressures than in post-1950 ( western ) europe . 
  as far as economic pressure goes , us government has ** not ** been willing to support their asses ( hell , we have turned would-be immigrants back in the past if it looked like they would be relying on state support ) , so that 's forced the immigrants to at least mold themselves into the american commercial culture so they can work to pay their way through life here . 
  in addition to that there 's been a rather intense ( though much less so now ) social pressure to become more `` american '' in their mannerisms & let go of old-country customs that are incompatible with our culture . 
  this is how you get steady immigrant workers within 1-3 months ( if even that ) , & more 110 % american/whatever country residents/citizens in the span of 3-20 years . 
  30-40 years after an immigrant family arrives , with the possible exception of the grandparents we 've now had a family of amazingly pure-blooded americans that act as if they were here 100 years ago . 
  dude , i seriously think he 's joking . 
  cheddar cheese is fucking food of the gods . 
  especially when it 's extra-sharp cheddar . 
  * mmmmmmmmm . 
  true . 
  and the more we treat muslims like shit in general , the more fodder that gives islamist groups in recruiting followers . 
  i see you have a point with that . 
  however , it has been increasingly evident that muslim ideology is extremely accepting of violence and bigotry compared to many others in practiced today . 
  1930s jewish culture , on the other hand , really was n't . 
  please , next time we 'll be bragging about how we 've managed 12 hours between attacks . 
  oh wow , * another * fucking ( terrorist ) attack . 
  this makes me so damn sick . 
  fuck that shit , it 's the same case over here in the us . 
  why do assholes often end up running schools ? 
  oh , i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  fuck , that sounds terrible . 
  monopoly for the win !, 
  i 'm just wondering , why are n't they allowed to wear formal/bermuda-type shorts ? 
  did n't younger male students in the uk wear shorts to school for , like , forever ? 
  oh , that 's fucking terrible . 
  oh yeah , indon also burns lots of forest & chokes its neighbors !, 
  from the top of my head ... bosnia & albania are okay . 
  poor & corrupt , but peaceful . 
  indonesia 's government does some crazy shit ( reddit is n't allowed there , for example ) , but overall i 'd generally say it 's run alright . 
  i just love how salty you fuckers are over this . 
  sounds nicer . 
  now i want to visit wroclaw !, 
  * uses a conversion device on google * ** holy shit , 86 degrees in dublin of all places ? 
  hmmm , sounds like the bay area in `` northern '' california . 
  pretty nice . 
  oh boy , high humidity is just * terrible . 
  * i live in southern california and last summer was painfully humid for us due to the el nino rainstorm pattern . 
  only that year there was n't really more rain , just more grossness ... . d :, 
  your little fence might 've kinda worked . 
  this is the first time i 've really heard this , but all right . 
  erdogan was always a fucking idiot , anyways . 
  douche vs. turd 2k16 must be a worldwide event , innit ? 
  [ * we 'll meet again , do n't know where , do n't know when . 
  * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfkryh6hc-k ), 
  shit , it would !, 
  damn , france , you * busy . 
  that 's kind of how i feel about the prospect of hillary becoming our president . 
  it kind of stains the title of `` first female president of the united states '' knowing that clinton got it by winning a douche vs. turd contest . 
  but still , rather nice that women are beginning to fuck up our world same as men though . 
  recent xenophobia 's been targeted mostly towards eastern europeans . 
  recent british anti-semitism has been mainly coming from ( muslim ) south asian folk . 
  yeah , without quotas it 's not like there will be that many women making it to the front lines anyway . 
  let the capable women join our front lines . 
  it 's getting in the mood too , i see . 
  still not anywhere near as bad as brazil , though . 
  americans tend to be ignorant of these things . 
  also , we have a general mentality that prefers to not think about the possibility of really bad shit happening . 
  sweet !, 
  probably a ton of americans are like myself & are really ignorant about all this , thus why they 're not as keen to support it . 
  exactly . 
  in school i was taught that the black death began gently pushing europe to grow `` middle '' / non-vitual-slave classes due to the amount of workers being so much smaller that manors had to begin paying people to do farm work . 
  in the following century a lot of peasants saved up funds & then left for towns & cities to learn/work other jobs . 
  edit : pretty sure this is just a vast oversimplification of what actually happened , but it 's probably much faster to explain to 7th graders than everything that led to the diversification of the european socioeconomic classes from 1300 to say , 1700 . 
  go visit / r/apocalympics2016 , my friend . 
  western europe 's been able to develop these nifty socialist programs because they save money on defense , thanks to the us spending hordes of cash on nukes , nukes , nukes to intimidate russia . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're joking or not . 
  botswana sounds like a nice place , peaceful with cool nature .
