  what is the rate of conviction & punishment for the parents who have their boys circumcised ? 
  do we have hard numbers for how many boys have been found to be cut each year since the school exams in their current form started ? 
  cultural practices can have a really , * really * firm grip on communities that often takes several decades of assimilation to let go . 
  and then there are the parents who * will * succeed in mutilating their children unsafely & sending it under the radar , like the wife beaters who never really get found out & punished for their actions . 
  this might 've been a * huge * misfire on my part , but if cutting up boys ends up being legal then it would only be a form of gender equality to permit similar atrocities go on for girls . 
  it 's most likely worse in the us than in europe , but fgm is regarded as backwards & total abuse that harms for than helps while circumcision/mgm is still seen by many as `` not horrible '' & purported to have sexual/health benefits . 
  not to mention how a lot of women seem to prefer the `` neatness '' of a cut dick while being openly repulsed at an uncut one . 
  can you imagine how horrifying it would be if we had men here in the west preferring the aesthetic of `` circumcised '' female genitalia to naturally existing ones ? 
  believe me , i do n't want * either * to exist , anywhere on this planet . 
  but i was just suggesting a solution that would hopefully be less disruptive or invasive of privacy than other ones . 
  fuck , this really was n't it , was it ? 
  `` czechia '' actually is n't used as a name for you guys in the us . 
  you are only known as the czech republic here . 
  did n't even know using `` czechia '' was a thing until like 1-2 years ago when i started reading hetalia fan comics by the deviantart user cadaska , who 's an austrian living in switzerland . 
  when they started drawing comics specifically about the history of the czech people , they began referring to their czech character as ` czechia ' because they saw that name being the most inclusive & fitting term to refer to it before the czech republic became a thing in 1993 . 
  i think i know slightly more about slovakia . 
  but i do know a decent amount of information about both of you guys . 
  they 're ... . * special . 
  i know right ? 
  that 's actually * fucking * hilarious . 
  : ` ddddd i should draw a comic about this !, 
  no , having much less of an economy than other places in europe repels muslims . 
  you know what ? ... ... yes . 
  honestly , the only right way to go about ending circumcision/genital mutilation for both sexes of children is with cultural influence . 
  let the public know that people who slice up & in the process * cripple * their children 's most intimate body parts without the children 's consent are ass-fucking backwards douchebags . 
  eventually social pressures will keep parents from doing this to their kids . 
   in flanders , the genitals of children and teenagers get checked by a doctor during mandatory school visits to get vaccinated and fully checked every year or so . 
  if a child is circumcised despite it being illegal , the parents or legal guardian should be prosecuted and imprisoned for permanently scarring a minor . 
  so you think a viable solution to the near-certainty of ` back-alley ' circumcisions is to annually invade students ' privacy by inspecting their genitals ? 
  it sounds like you are taking away the privacy of everyone for the sake of monitoring a few groups . 
  also , by the time little boys ( or teens ) have their circumcisions caught in the annual school exam chances are it would be too late to actually help the poor kids with any complications or health issues caused by the procedure . 
  plus , how likely would it be that these parents/guardians are persuaded to stop after being punished for circumcising one minor in their care ? 
  true . 
  when there 's a heavy demand for something , people * will * find ways to do it outside of the government 's eye , & outside their ability to regulate it & prevent tragedies from happening . 
  it 's happened * numerous * times just in the past 100 years : alcoholic drinks , abortions , prostitution , drugs , etc. 
  at least when it 's laid out for the government to see without fear , the government can take measures to keep everyone safe with that activity . 
  good . 
  we do n't need to be going back to the early 1900s just to satisfy some people 's religious beliefs . 
  when the state is letting religious institutions be funded by foreign countries , this gives the foreign countries ( & their religion ) power & control that 's been taken away from the host country . 
  when the state loses control of its area 's religious entities , that is a * very bad sign * for the health of secularism & the state . 
  * good fucking job * , austria . 
  this was *** way *** fucking overdue . 
  finland is n't in scandinavia . 
  but it is nordic , yes . 
  some of these titles are fuckin ' great . 
  leaning towards dope aids , but unprotected sex is rampant as well . 
  the reason why msm are more at risk for hiv is because a lot of them ( not all , but a lot ) have anal sex . 
  the anus/anal cavity does not produce its own lubrication like the vagina does , & the skin inside is fairly delicate . 
  this means that if people are n't careful , the anus is more likely to tear , possibly allowing semen or other fluids to enter small open wounds . 
  this is a way that hiv enters the human body . 
  yep , i 'd say that was the final nail in the coffin for her . 
  no , a mixture of initial prosperity ( mostly aided by the us ) that started a momentum of high living standards and the existence of nuclear weapons that could annihilate entire continents with a single explosion is the reason why europe is so peaceful . 
  in fact , france and germany could n't really start putting together a united europe until things had dramatically calmed down thanks to those 2 factors . 
  there 's already a scotus vacancy-scalia died and the senate blocked obama 's nomination of merrick garland-plus there 's like 2 or 3 current sc justices that are old as dirt and might very well die or retire during trump 's term as well . 
  depending on which or how many sc justices have to be replaced in the next 4 years trump could very well assemble a scotus that 's incredibly conservative . 
  the thing about the scotus is that it interprets and re-interprets the exact same legal document ( the constitution ) when it is needed to solve a controversial court case . 
  it * has * overruled its own past decisions to keep up with how the current crop of justices interprets the constitution and desires in its effect on the country . 
  a great example of this would be brown v. board of education ( 1954 ) , which ruled that racially segregated schools were unconstitutional and paved the way for racial integration across the entire us , which overruled the earlier decision plessy v. ferguson ( 1896 ) , which had ruled that it was perfectly ok according to the constitution for states to mandate racially segregated facilities with the infamous guideline `` separate but equal '' . 
  if trump listens too much to pence or whatever and appoints 2 + extremely socially conservative sc justices , then in the event that they receive a court case concerning same-sex marriage then it could be very possible they 'd overrule obergefell v. hodges ( 2015 ) , which said that same-sex couples had a constitutional right to marry in the us , with a ruling making same-sex marriage illegal in the entire us again . 
  what 's saving matrimony-minded lgbtq + peoples ' asses there ( for now , at least ) is that for the most part social conservatives are no longer actively resisting same-sex marriage and have turned their focus against other things , such as abortion . 
  oh man , some people including my mom and i totally think ca , ma , or , wa , and the other really liberal states should threaten to secede if the trump administration goes too far in imposing conservative policies across the entire country . 
  english ( native ) , spanish ( rocky ) , little bits and pieces of french , german , japanese , italian , and probably dutch as well . 
  edit : vast majority of people here , the us , speak english fluently . 
  in most places a ton will also be fluent or only speaking in spanish , the second-most spoken language here . 
  lots of others will be fluent/only speaking in chinese , hindi/other indian languages , korean , vietnamese , tagalog , arabic , hebrew , among others . 
  sounds like the us on steroids in that regard , actually . 
  taking more time off for mothering is the key reason why us women still only make 77 cents for every us man 's dollar . 
  and now women are realizing that drain that they do n't want to happen to them , so many more of them are passing on having children . 
  the main problem with ensuring free/low-cost daycare for all is that taxes would most likely have to be raised an exhorbant amount , as running even a barely-adequate daycare costs a * lot * . 
  at least in the us you have to pay for licensing , taxes , equipment , cleaning supplies , educational supplies , diapers/other hygiene supplies , food because most daycares here serve snacks/meals to the kids , and rent/electricity if you 're not using your home as your daycare location . 
  and then helpers cost minimum wage apiece . 
  you are very brave and doing a wonderful act , poland . 
  hopefully this results in you escaping these extreme pro-life laws . 
  okay . 
  i 'll do some more research on that . 
  okay , i 'll mention it to my friends and see how possible that would be for us . 
  i 've always wanted to try pickling/preserving . 
  oooh , looks yummy . 
   its appearance reminds me of a hot dog/sausage on top of some mashed cauliflowers and broccoli . 
  or spinach mixed with mac and cheese . 
  also , the constant clouds make it humid all the time , yes ? 
  because i find the feel of a humid day to get incredibly disgusting after a week . 
  currently more than happy that the air 's so dry in my area right now that it feels like it does n't have a `` soul '' , ha !, 
  is canning/preserving stuff an enjoyable activity that produces nutritious food for later all on its own ? 
  because as i 'm in southern california , there 's bound to be somewhere still selling produce you can pick right off the bush/tree . 
  maybe i could make a day of going to pick berries/apples/pears / citrus/whatever with a friend and then preserving half our finds for an offbeat/old-fashioned activity ? 
  whose ? 
   `` meet someone in real life '' yes , because what your country * totally * needs is likely even more hiv from unprotected sex . 
  ah , such was life during the victorian era/gilded age . 
  i actually only look at my feed only around once a week . 
  most of my time on there is either talking to or looking at posts just from the school clubs i 'm in ( the reason i finally cracked & got a facebook account ) and the people who were my close friends in high school . 
  what was that supposed to mean ? 
  like , what word is germany used as a pun for ? 
  they actually love the sensation of their own misery , why would they want to end that ? 
  we 'll even keep * russian * them out !, 
  a small loan of a million dollars would n't be enough , though . 
  10 feet higher, 
  but when is the extent of you helping yourself considered `` enough '' ? 
  especially if there 's other factors as to why you 're heavier such as being in your car/at a desk for 10 + hours a day due to work/bussing your children around , living in a food desert that does n't have that much fresh produce to buy , or being on depo-provera or something like that that 's made you gain 25 pounds despite your lifestyle being exactly the same as before ? 
  being active and eating sensibly may come easier for you personally , but there are others that try and end up struggling due to circumstances such as an extremely long work day/commute/busy schedule that makes being active or home-cooking meals difficult , or being in a food desert/otherwise not being able to access/afford fresh , healthy foods easily .
