happy easter , romanians & other eastern orthodox people !, 
  okay . 
  then there 's not that much to worry about in regards to her ( to be heavily repressed ) political leanings . 
  shit , not without looking it up . 
  but i have looked up other european monarchs , & even though the rest of the world does n't know about them the way it knows about the british monarch it seems that they play a similar role within their own respective countries . 
  when it comes to spiritual leadership , how much the rest of the world outside your country knows about it does n't really matter . 
  yeah , there are places that i think should 've never adopted an all-out monarchy . 
  greece with its being the birthplace of democracy & all , just feels especially wrong with a monarch ruling everything in it . 
  depends , is estelle directly in line for the throne or not ? 
  because if she is , then chances are good she will have any desire to involve herself politically taught out of her in her preparation to become the future monarch . 
  reminds me of a magazine article i read recently , from a special publication about queen elizabeth ii in celebration of her 90th birthday . 
  in the article which was about edward viii 's abdication & all the trouble it caused , there was a scene that was recalled years later where the then princess was asked by her younger sister , margaret , if this meant that elizabeth would some day have to become queen since she was the oldest child of their dad who had unexpectedly become king . 
  elizabeth replied yes , & was met by margaret telling her that she felt bad for elizabeth . 
  being royalty , * especially * being in line for or being on the throne , is a pretty difficult life path . 
  especially if you had little or no choice in the matter . 
  i applaud those who can handle it with as much grace as elizabeth ii or carl xvi . 
   we hate politicians with a vengeance . 
  and i do n't struggle to see why . 
  you guys have gotten a pretty rough end of the stick when it comes to leadership . 
  okay , as admittedly an american ( meaning , my country is famous for soundly * rejecting * the whole idea of formal monarchy ) , what i gather about why monarchies are liked in other ( european ) countries even today is that , if not an utter pile of shit , a non-politically aligned monarch/royal family can serve as a great neutral public face of the country . 
  everyone who is n't a strident republican can look to them as a point of comfort/stability/leadership that wo n't do things that screw up the country in their eyes . 
  the great thing about not having had a monarchy for 69 years so far is that if you ever decide to reinstate it , there really is n't an issue with maintaining `` continuity '' in the practices so you can tweak it pretty much however you like !, 
  ehhhh ... what would become the eu did n't * really * start forming until 1957 , almost a decade after europe began its miraculous economic recovery through marshall plan money . 
  and plans were coming together to make europe a more peaceful place starting in the mid-late 1940s . 
  holy shit !, 
  and cities in the us were at least just as bad . 
  well , that sucks dick . 
  no , because we import too many mexicans . 
   every nation that used nuclear weapons against people has become a pariah of the world . 
  i have n't really heard that . 
  why have you reached that conclusion ? 
  oooohhh . 
  now i see . 
  eeeps , that was n't even remotely related to what the article was mainly about-immigration policy . 
  oh , here in the us we have a [ vastly inferior copy ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=taco+bell+munchie+box&amp;rlz=1c1jzap_enus679us682&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjr-pwf75pmahvfxmmkhyccbg4qsaqila&amp;biw=1296&amp;bih=707 ) made by the kings of stoner food , taco bell . 
  how is it a cesspool , based on this thread ? 
  belgium just sounds like it 's a fucking dump . 
  i 'm terribly sorry , but that 's the impression i 'm starting to form of your country . 
  your politicians sound like utter shit . 
  i 've actually started to get into the online version of this channel , & it 's well worth it !, 
  soooo glad there 's english subtitles now so i can understand everything !, 
  problem is , they 're turning away from that in favor of a more anglo one . 
  depends . 
  are they * mooslem rooskies with oil ? 
  looking forward to eastern orthodox easter ? 
  happy birthday , man . 
  do we not celebrate easter all that much , or what ? 
  no it 's not , but thanks for your concern . 
  you win , my friend . 
  i 'm in the us , so we have n't woken up yet . 
  but probably will go to church with family , eat candy , hang out , maybe go visit friend , & then in the evening go to my aunt 's house for easter dinner . 
  eeps . 
  my god . 
  that was just * horrifying * to read . 
  i 'm glad she was able to eventually make it ok . 
  thanks for the story !, 
  sad all this shit happened , though . 
  is n't the english team doing well in international cricket , too ? 
  oh , you silly slavs . 
  now you 're talking , polska . 
  dude , i 'm 1/8th czech too !, 
  dammit i 'm female . 
  thank you for posting a rather lighthearted culture question , especially one related to the current time of year . 
  we definitely needed one of these in the midst of all this terrorism drama . 
  ok , this guy is a prick & a fucking bigoted idiot on top of that . 
  but , i thought you guys permitted free speech . 
  this guy only spoke to the woman , he did n't outright attack her or anything . 
  oh man , i do wish you luck in all your endeavors as an ex-muslim . 
  i do n't get why muslims would be so anal about people leaving or even insulting their religion . 
  also , i 'm glad you took a closer look at the nitty-gritties of the faith you grew up in . 
  most people just keep sleepwalking in the beliefs they were raised in , not fully realizing their ramifications . 
  when a mess is allowed to grow to this level , unfortunately cleaning it up * will * be painful . 
  my history professor is actually british ( english but born in ireland ) , & on st. patrick 's day she actually told us that st. patrick 's day had for the past several decades been a day when the ira attacked british people , so instead of a day of drunken partying as in the us the day is regarded as almost one for mourning for britain . 
  i talked to her some more after class & she elaborated that when she was growing up the ira was always doing * horrendous * activities , attacks , & torturing people . 
  when she was in london for college/university in the 1980s , everyone was doing drills for ira bombings . 
  the ira could attack at any time , but they were virtually * guaranteed * to strike somewhere on st. patrick 's day . 
  when my teacher moved out to the us for the first time ( also 1980s i think ) , she was shocked & appalled to see ira people recruiting & soliciting donations right on open streets in boston . 
  she was even more shocked when she learned firsthand that americans celebrate st. patrick 's by goofing off , wearing green , embracing their inner stereotypical irish-american , partying , & above all drinking as much beer as physically possible . 
  now she does n't mind it all that much ( she just thinks we 're choosing to be extremely ignorant of history when we do march 17th in this fashion ) , but still . 
  it was a massive culture shock to her . 
  we need to cleanse the inams then . 
  dude , i like your answer . 
  the problem is that we * have n't * found another viable solution yet , at least not for this level of issue . 
  or should i say , one that would be ethical enough for europe . 
  then we need to take a * much * closer look at these children of immigrants to see what exactly drives them to do this shit . 
  no , you are right on the dot . 
  religion that encourages people to commit violence/other combat , break the law , and/or step on other peoples ' human rights needs to be wiped out . 
  secularism is the way of the future . 
  ** uuuuuggghhhh . 
  ** dddddddddddd :, 
  d'awwwww , look at that auld alliance love !, 
  who else started thinking about * the handmaid 's tale * while they read this ? 
  for those who do n't know , it 's a novel by margaret atwood about a part of the former us that has turned into a highly misogynistic theocracy . 
  when the current government was taking over , they ensured that women would have no financial power whatsoever by first limiting all money to plastic cards , and then simply rendering void all the cards that belonged to women . 
  whatever had been on the woman 's card was transferred to that of her `` male guardian '' . 
  that must hurt to be dissed by one of the epicenters of cold weather . 
  where are you ? 
  sooooo pretty . 
  sooo pretty . 
  poor turks .
