well it is a more `` right '' policy , is all i 'm saying . 
  except obama is the little bitch of the mic . 
  its all he could say , probably just got out of a boxing match . 
  yet hollande is the one sending troops to multiple african countries . 
  and sending troops to africa to fight off islamists . 
  merkel in the sky with diamonds . 
  and obama looks like he is ready to take the d, 
  that is why she is the most powerful woman in the world . 
  germans , always one step ahead , until they get ahead of themselves and have to start over . 
  and first to put boots on the ground in africa . 
  the franks are germanic people http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franks, 
  [ look who is talking . 
  ] ( http://www.neatorama.com/2013/08/08/9-most-outrageous-things-ever-faked-in-china/#!rdcrn ), 
  ask me what time it is . 
  what time is it ? . 
  * lights go dark * connection time . 
  * rape *, 
  its a mix of english and german but here ( all polan balls are a mix of native and english pretty much ) austria !, 
  ask me what time it is . 
  what time is it ? . 
  * lights go dark * connection time . 
  * rape *, 
  germans do n't joke . 
  yes !, 
  sorry i was think of baltic sea . 
  i have n't heard an austrian joke , i just hear praise . 
  all my friends parents saying how they would rather have been under austria than yugoslavia and so on . 
  it is ok you will find your way again . 
  they are all jealous , been to the countries around the baltic sea * and sweden was my fav !, 
  except not being able to buy alcohol on sunday :( ( finland was worse though ), 
  now that the french are becoming the new world police ( libya , mali , car , etc. ), 
  and french girls actually do shave their pits they cant make fun of surrender and sissyness and hairy girls any more . 
  in slovenia , italians are the butt of all jokes , i mean most do n't even know slovenia is a border country never the less even heard of slovenia `` oh you mean slovakia '' . 
  you can post them , i have enough karma :p but really i do n't mind if anyone reposts my posts . 
  [ well ] ( http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/degrassi/images/4/42/i_tried.png ), 
  estonian friend living in hamburg sent it to me that is why hurricane is spelled that way . 
  normal for the aussies, 
  thats what i payed in down town san francisco , also in sf their is a store all the student bought supplies at cladded utrecht . 
  naw they will split up your land with hitler . 
  for anyone wanting to help post and follow the events as they unfold , a new subreddit has been made http://www.reddit.com/r/proeuukraineprotests, 
  hand to hand fighting between police and protesters http://www.youtube.com/watch?list=uuv2hkgieethqguosn845gpa&amp;v=ue5qlydeaqo#t=70, 
  http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=48c_1385939669 seems normal to mee, 
  i would n't know . 
  i will take your word for it . 
  idk , i know amy page and she seems to love what she does , she even did an ama here http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/wxn5i/my_name_is_amy_page_and_iama_legal_prostitute_at/, 
  not exactly true , i was born in nevada in the us , the only state where prostitution is legal and the system they have in place works relatively well compared to what i saw working as an ambassador in san francisco and seeing all the corruption there before moving to europe . 
  thank you sir , i love the discussions in / r/europe better than almost all other subs . 
  other countries have trade agreements with both , hell kyrgyzstan has both a russian and us military base . 
  here in slovenia the us and russian embassies are neighbors . 
  i did read it but http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-8prl2ot2j58/umjlfwfgffi/aaaaaaaaod8/do0nrar-hmy/s1600/both.gif, 
  how would opening up free trade with the eu be a stupid idea ? 
  no it wont but at least they would n't beable to swarm you on the streets it would be more discrete , im all for legalization of prostitution as long as it is confined to brothels where the girls are there by choice and they are monitored for safe sex . 
  do n't even try and tell me those dozens of girls in the reeperbahn are paying taxes . 
  they already are in the streets more than any other city of any country i 've been too i europe ... and those girls are n't getting health care because most of them are eastern european and not there by choice . 
  i think thats the main problem . 
  go to a few bars in hans-albers-platz / st pauli for 1 night and you will see what i mean . 
  it is actually really annoying walking down the reeperbahn and at least 5 girls coming over and touching you . 
  `` i do n't know where that hand has been , i do n't want some ! '', 
  i learned to always travel with girlfriends to like 99 cent and other bars by hanz albertsplatz , they leave you alone if you are with a girl . 
  the sad thing is too is that most of them are eastern european and probably did n't come to germany to sell their bodies by choice . 
  but on the other hand germany does run some of the highest class escort services in the world . 
  i had an 8 hour train ride from munich to hamburg with the girl that books all the clients for one and she had 4 phones sitting on the table and 1 minute her family would call on one then another ringtone another phone she would answer all business like in english asking what he was into then she would suggest girls to him and tell him where he could find the best pictures of them , one guys called back 4 times trying to find where to find the centerfold piece one was in some magazine . 
  those girls do it by choice and they get paid shit tons . 
  what about that oddball trans-dneister breakaway that is in love with soviet ways . 
  exactly , it makes no impact to tax a passenger just because they are a passenger , if they want to make awareness to a cause then tax it for being bad for the environment so when people look at why the price is so high they can see a tax and see a reason for it beside just the fact they are an air passenger . 
  you do realize that with flight travel 40 euro is n't a huge difference . 
  yes someone can do a lot on the ground with 40 euros but not travel , getting from point a to b is the biggest single cost of the majority of all vacations or trips of any kind , what this will do will maybe more people will take a 2 hour flight from say munich to hamburg for a business trip than a 8 hour train ride . 
  city of 1000 palaces , i went to st. petersburg and learned that it was made mandatory ( when st petersburg was the capital ) that all royalty , no matter where in russia must have a residence in st. petersburg , even royalty from siberia , the russian guide told me back then the city was pretty much to foreigners the way we see dubai today , explosion of luxury . 
  not in summer with all the germans clogging the roads on their way to croatia . 
  pack your bags kids , we are moving to north korea . 
  people from the us and uk do n't have to be educated on these things to be successful , but you have to be educated in english pretty much now , it isnt that anyone in the us or uk is less educated , it just means slovenia needs to arise to a prominence where there is more want and need to know . 
  cool , actually it is somewhat similar , remove the slovene j and you have some similar words all around , like it says `` some books '' nekai knig and in slovenian its nekaj knjig, 
  yeah i was watching a tv show we had on about a slovenian food tent set up in a uk cultural food tasting event or what ever and it was sad how many people never heard of slovenia/lied/thought slovakia . 
  yellow blue bus = i love you . 
  to prevent insurance fraud and hooligans young boys that like to be hit by cars to prove they are men . 
  do you guys say please like we do in slovenia ? 
  i was listening to the amazing race episode where they went to poland and for some reason i understood more than i though i would when they were speaking polish , i know they are both slavic languages but i didnt think many words were the same . 
  if you like slav culture and history , research slovene people and slovenia , this country is mostly , it seems , forgotten . 
  a lot of people from italy i have talked to do n't even know we are neighbor countries . 
  slovenia is really the crossing points between 4 geographical and cultural regions in such a relatively small region . 
  many slovenians i have talked to hate to be considered part of the east or even the fact they were under yugoslavia and say they would have rather been under austria . 
  slovenia is a very interesting and untouched physically slavic borderland . 
  japan was against everyone in the their region and was hesitant to even be hostile towards america but america was supplying australia who was in turn supplying japanese enemies in china and pacific islands . 
  he was in the kgb and germany was the big divide and key to the west from the east , it is n't so surprising , i live in slovenia and most slavic people of his age here anyway would also learn german over english but that may because we border austria here but i think german was the preferred second language to learn in eastern europe for his generation . 
  correct me if i am wrong . 
  when i was living in baden-wurttemburg for awhile , my friends there showed me this and it was hilarious like what a politician would say in that region , even down to what he is saying with the bikes and srtuff haha . 
  slovenia just chillin the same, 
  it is in san francisco california , as long as you put something done before you sit somewhere you are good , so there is no reason it would n't work in other places . 
  i didnt even realize i just cross posted from / r/worldnews news my bad . 
  the real life rick roll . 
  with [ diamonds . 
  for anyone looking for more information http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pirate_party_germany, 
  i thought you guys drank blood . 
  do n't forget to bring ajvar !, 
  even though it originates in serbia we eat that shit daily , on evrything . 
  russia spies the uk spies , china spies we all spies and are full of lies but that is what wins you a nobel peace prize !, 
  actually yeah they probably do but its just to benefit themselves and fuck the youth . 
  keep people in student status until their late 20s to supply the low class jobs and only have to pay them 4 euros and hour . 
  just tell people about slovenia and how science works . 
  i am cooking potatoes right now , i can give you one if that helps .
