  ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ had ^ ^ to ^ ^ say ^ ^ it, 
  saint petersburg is all, 
  as a native english speaker i see despise as not as strong of a word as hate . 
  also because people are entitled to their opinions based on their experience i guess ? 
  when i was in russia all the mothers i saw were like 15 or 16, 
  it may soon grow on me , i have had a few bad encounters . 
  2 guys ranting about how other balkan countries suck and yugoslavia was infact the best country in the world , skin heads also . 
  yeah most people i meet are very nice but italians should be ashamed . 
  i wonder sometimes if they ever look at a map or know what science even is . 
  then again it is the home of the worlds largest organized religion . 
  i love the people here but the government does n't know what it is doing at all . 
  ** slovenia ** * rain * a tourist boat sunk in the city center of ljubljana . 
  http://distilleryimage2.ak.instagram.com/9620f300f5d011e2917a22000a9f1587_7.jpg * banking crisis because the government here is pretty inept . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/9981337/slovenia-faces-severe-banking-crisis-warns-oecd.html * meteor shower with a good view http://www.spacedex.com/quadrantids/locations/quadrantid-europe-slovenia.php * trnfest http://www.culture.si/en/trnfest_festival, 
  i have been to denmark and sweden , stayed in denmark longer though but i enjoyed them both equally , although i never thought i would get sunburned in stockholm . 
  what are some examples of the denmark that annoy you unless that picture is of what annoys you ? 
  thats not really what i 'm saying . 
  i do n't despise italy as a whole , just things from italy tend to annoy me more than other european countries or people . 
  but i really like parts of italian related things such as food , the landscape and a lot of the people i met were very nice they just were slightly inept . 
  its a lot harder and very expensive to get alcohol in finland . 
  i was there and the only place to buy alcohol was in special stores if you wanted anything over 3 %, 
  i have no idea really each country has their own law about it , some countries have none and others are more then 10,000 euros worth . 
  slovenia was never under soviet control ... it was part of yugoslavia which infact had a falling out with the soviet communist party in 1948 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tito%e2%80%93stalin_split, 
  yeah it is minimum capital needed . 
  thats how much you have to show is in a company account or in valued assests to make an llc, 
  yeah, 
  agreed , also a solution is contributing to this centralized fund out of every earning until the 7,500 is met whitin a cetain time period , then let the company continue unhinged , and companies that are n't earning will fail anyway , but at least they can see their mistakes and try again without a massive risk . 
  of corse some of them will fail but letting a flood of new innovative companies flourish can bring lots of foreign investment and jobs which will in turn be put into the pockets of the people earned it and what do people do with money ? 
  they spend it . 
  a new company is growing ? 
  they hire contractors to build new things and produce new products where now these older companies now have a new source of income . 
  no , just let these people start companies for no fee , companies provide people a place to work and add value to work and society , the governments need to stop being greedy and raping fees from anyone they can . 
  i have a friend in greece with a doctorate and they only earn around 700 euros a month because they ca n't start their own practice , also it costs her 400 euros a month for her to even live in athens . 
  i honestly think that countries in economic crisis should lower there incorporation prices . 
  like here in slovenia , you have to prove 7,500 euros in money or assets to start a business while in new zealand its 0 and they are ranked the best place to start and do business . 
  letting the up and coming youth start legal businesses and being able to employ people is essential to a efficient economy in my opinion . 
  and the government wonders why the youth here in slovenia stays in school on free student tuition until they are 26 ... ( greece also has a fee for starting a business making it hard for young minds to be successful on their own ) youth should n't be held back by old people and their damn laws . 
  i was then i met a slovenian girl and bought an apartment in ljubljana , so i live here now . 
  isnt those was these are carved from http://bundlesofenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/baby_carrots.jpg, 
  omg, 
  appreciate the effort but i probably still wouldnt buy them , i still think 90 % of fruit and vegetables i buy doesnt look good enough even though i know its the same, 
  vineyard and and summer houses by ptuj . 
  i havent taken pictures of houses here so thats all i got . 
  lived outside munich for awhile was awesome . 
  just went through munich on my way to slovenia and no hostels or hotels had room by the hauptbahnhof , that night fucking sucked . 
  [ britney spears - hit me baby one more time ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-u5wlj9yk4 ), 
  got a problem with lakes ? 
  a joke from a german ? 
  what is this ? 
  making slovenia look bad on the tech level , i live by the street that many germans use to go to croatia in the summer and croatians to germany , at first glance it seems many people are coming to slovenia but nope , they just be passin through : /, 
  why poland ? 
  i have always heard good things about switzerland from americans as well, 
  not as expensive as denmark though, 
  in my opinion we could never say that for sure , the one would be better than the other because there is so much more going on in the background than the presidents word obviously . 
  oh okay makes more sense now . 
  its so true , so many people here keep telling me how they `` love obama '' dont worry americans people in all countries are just as stupid as everyone else in the world . 
  actually yes , wiki leaks had http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/11/29/us-wikileaks-usa-idustre6ap06z20101129, 
  so they can just kill people and do drugs and breaks laws ? 
  i ask this because your sentence was pretty vague . 
  not another world war germany -_- especially not while i live here lol, 
  is it bad that i laughed at one of the first things she said in the interview is that `` we had some potatoes '' and livonian is a latvian based tribe -_-, 
  and then the movie wall-e, 
  i agree people just falling on hard times do need to life a normal life with money but we need programs to check up on them , my friend stayed on welfare for 3 years , didnt look for a job had 2 kids during the time and she actually got off a heroin addiction on her own , now she is doing great and so are the kids , but she got out of her mess through a support group of family , friends , and not being dumb tempted and relapsing while she is trying to feed her children . 
  but a lot of people do not have that , that was 3 years of her life wasted with no goal set no motivation . 
  all i am saying if you are on welfare or unemployed you need to have personal help , a support system , a goal . 
  hell even send them to school with money bonus as a reward for completing courses , just dont let them crawl on a thread of money not knowing if they will ever become active in society again ... but really lift them up and show them that they can do so much more than what they are doing now . 
  in the late willy brown/early ed lee era ( bush/obama ) l was way after clinton was pres : / so cant help with knowledge about the transition . 
  that is a culturally way different thing . . because in america im guessing ( but know for sure on the streets of sf ) people are not staving to death , if they buy drugs with their governemnt money instead of trying to better them selves . 
  they know it is okay and they wont die because they can just go to the nearest free food kitchen ( which there are many of around sf ) thats not how it works in india to my understanding . 
  people cant afford to keep a drug habit and stay unemployed in india , they would die within a month . 
  in america the government is paying people money ( note not everyone obviously , just the people i worked with ) that should go towards food and housing and things and is actually going towards drugs yet some of them have been doing this same thing on and off for 30 years because they know they wont die of hunger if they spend our tax money on drugs . 
   it was the latest in a series of beaver attacks on humans in the country since when were there killer rodents among us ? 
  a german made a joke , just soke up those rare moments when they happen . 
  most of them have adresses ... and why are you playing a race card ? 
  only thing i mentioned in my post about race was honduran gangs and thats actually because they were honduran gangs ... http://blog.sfgate.com/crime/2009/09/24/sell-crack-or-die-case-before-jury/ and why are you bringing up `` walmart-esque '' wages ... thats not what this thread or my post is even remotely about . 
  no wonder people here in europe have such a bad view on americans , if you would please stop contributing to that , it would be very nice thank you . 
  i agree not all people use food stamps for bad , and i know people who used them how they should be used and are now successful adults . 
  the problem is people who are not assigned to food stamps should not be able to find value in them , therefore eliminating the chance of trading them for drugs . 
  there are multiple solutions to fix this problem with limited to no harm for law abiding users of food stamps . 
  i agree there needs to be programs that help these people . . that is my point but not giving them the money directly , because a lot of them make very poor choices , yes getting alcohol is a beneficial short term choice for an alcohol addict but it is not the road to recovery which tax money should help fund . . as in tax money should help the unfortunate have a chance to rehabilitate themselves and give them motivation , not just give them the means to keep them at the status quo of the situation they are currently in . 
  i edited my post with details/proof/pictures . 
  including one where i am with willie brown , now former mayor of sf http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/willie_brown_ ( politician ), 
  as an american that worked as a city ambassador in downtown sf i know what i fucking saw and dealt with for over a year ... , pulling up pictures to prove i 'm not lying will edit post . 
  ** proof . 
  so get over yourself , what i said was true first hand fucking account of how shit actually works on the street . 
  i grew up in america and was an ambassador for the city of san francisco . 
  there , i dealt with many people on welfare and the biggest problem with america 's welfare prgram is that they are pay people to stay unemployed , instead of using this money to help them learn a skill or somehow encourage them to find a job and get motivated , we found so many people trading their food stamps for crack cocaine and using their unemployment and welfare money for drugs and alcohol . 
  the thing is you ca n't throw money at people that are in a unstable state of mind , being unemployed and feeling useless and depressed increases your chance to use drug , then you develope a habit , stay on unemployment and welfare and just live off the street doing drugs and doing criminal acts . 
  of course there is always going to be people who need help with transition , but money isnt help . 
  first of all i dont think they should get paid by our tax $ if they can not pass a drug test , we need to pass drug tests to work and pay taxes which go to people who spend that money on honduran crack cocaine which leaves the country and therefore the us economy . 
  the us welfare system does not work at all . 
  just my viewpoint/rant as an former american city ambassador living in germany and seeing how much better german politics are . 
  ** edit - some of you seem to not believe me so here is proof . 
  i 've worked with the system i 've been on the street , i helped advise politicians on new laws . 
  proof-read the titles for more information on each picture . 
  damn italy ruined ww2 for the axis powers . 
  i 'd rather send them to france , just to piss those frenchies off . 
  there was a man here once who shot himself in the head and it ended the biggest war/destruction/killing in the history of europe/world . 
  french etiquette , pff . 
  this isnt true because minorities will vote for the party that helps minorities , islamist will vote fore the socialists who 's policies benefit them even if the same guy also has policies benefiting people they do n't agree with .
