well , at least it looks better than the competitors . 
  off to nkvd with you ( hope you like forced labor ) . 
  my town is on the front page of reddit ... oh wait . 
  my sisters bandmate goes to that school , said that the shooter has always been unstable and has brought knives to school before . 
  bloody hell , if you have a kid like that you should not own a gun . 
  some years back another depressed teenager killed herself with his uncles gun in viljandi , somehow figured out the safe combination . 
  certainly not 7 years of jail ... 
  i wish sweden won the great northern war , then even latvia could be into nordics . 
  denmark stole the cool nordic flag god gave to us  :( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_lyndanisse, 
  eh , it will crumble eventually . 
  [ more liberty than you can handle !, 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/columna_de_la_victoria_de_la_guerra_de_la_independencia%2c_tallinn%2c_estonia%2c_2012-08-05%2c_dd_15.jpg ), 
  yup , we are in 37th place in the world , % of gdp to education spending and it feels like it is going to pay off at last !, 
  do n't be sad , you still have the potato , 
  it 's secure as your bank account , if someone stole the card without you immediately knowing , they would still need the pin and auth . 
  keys to make it work . 
  every estonian can , make [ an id card ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_id_card ) . 
  the card is read with a special reader on your home computer . 
  with it you can : do your taxes , manage medical insurance , bank account , sign documents , manage land , forests , vote and more . 
  it also acts as a passport in the eu , the goal is that you can access all government services without going to an office . 
  in estonia ? 
  estonia into nordics !, 
  i am not sure if it is same in finnish , but in estonian animals are not it , but him . 
  we have it in estonian : tarkvara ( smart-property ) and hardware is : riistvara ( tool-property ? ), 
  freedoms yeah !, 
  if latvian government refuses ... we roll in the apc 's . 
  as historically latvia is an ancient estonian territory . 
  is n't 500m lower than groundwater layer ? 
  hmm ... 
  still , water could leak in from higher up shafts if these are not isolated . 
  how do these cans disturb you ? 
  they are 500m underground in geologically non-active area . 
  it makes them taste like old socks , eww . 
  more like : canola oil/olive oil ( sunflower oil is just fucking nasty ), 
  estonia , most euphoric nation in europe . 
  those are the old faithers , they are not as pro-putin as the 70 's workers . 
  both ukraine and russia are piss poor . 
  crimea independently would become something like somalia . 
  well we have smashed most of them already ... 
  in estonia we have a history museum/park with hundreds and hundreds of lenins , stalins and other mass produced soviet nonsense . 
  in estonia we destroyed most of the statues as a revenge against destroying first republic and other older historic statues . 
  estonia hard !, 
  soon the no. 1, 
  finee ... 
  i would agree with every lithuanian crazy demand even if they wanted to include moscow , but please , please let it happen . 
  georgia in estonian sounds like geo-orgia ( geo-orgy ), 
  well my mailman is australian and speaks estonian fluently so i bet that 1-2 years in pure finnish environment will make you a finn . 
  \u00d6sterreich sounds a little like austria in estonian . 
  well you convinced me , nah i am too poor to go anywhere . 
  hey my nation is first in something ! ... oh wait . 
  i use pale moon , firefox , but compiled in assembly according to your system hardware . 
  i recommend it to everyone forever . 
  its so amazingly fast compared to default chrome/firefox and it can run in native 64bit and it can sync your browser settings from any other browser . 
  ( win . 
  only , linux , i have heard has something similar ), 
  it 's not about the genetics ( that have immensely mixed in the 2300 years ) but about the name . 
  no , you are wrong , greater estonia encompassing prussia and all baltic . 
  aestonia relevant !, 
  help assad , hell no . 
  this is good news , if we can jail him . 
  i thought this was freedom land !, 
  we want vacations in bahamas or we hunger strike !, 
  should have burned your passport . 
  demand to be shipped to sweden !, 
  drop them off to greenland , they can feed off seals . 
  let 's just all march to germany , i heard they take anyone no questions asked and pay you double the minimum wage for just standing around . 
  putin is trying to take all the dank maymays . 
  border states union assemble !, 
  we sure hold some greek debt . 
  for a tiny 1.5 m big country euro was a blessing , it 's just not right that i should use 4 different currencies on a one day trip . 
  ( poles you bastards adopt the eur already ! ), 
  \\ #whitetreeofgondor 2016, 
  those meddling britons !, 
  step 1 : unite europe step 2 : raid switzerland, 
  where is estonia ? 
  in your face finns !, 
  tatars are good people , went to a tatar culture day last year , it was great . 
  glory to the emperor !, 
  to prove yourself you have to fight the dragon of mars . 
  showing us baltic states that we are not forgotten . 
  why is estonia so low , brb gon na get me some prozac . 
  russia , the largest nation on earth is backed into a corner . 
  estonia wants reparations too ! , from 1227 to 1561 we were bruttaly occupied and enslaved by germans , so for those 334 years of occupation we demand our rightful 27 billion euros !, 
  germany better pay up , or else !, 
  thanks international jewish conspiracy !, 
  `` former swedish state of estonia '' hmm , i like that . 
  sounds nordic . 
  just as planned : 1 . finland occupies us 2 . we become finland 3 . ??? 
  4 . we become nordic, 
  because they seem to be only ones that give a fuck , also they have a good army . 
  us is also very active on joint exercises and very generous with sending instructors and lecturers . 
  also the planned supply bases and a proper military airfield in the baltics would not be possible without their help . 
  more effective equipment procurement contracts for one , right now the eu pays more for equipment than us but we have far less to show for it . 
  that 's okay , as it is not in korean . 
  ask estonians about crusades . 
  i think we should establish a exchange program where we will ship you the all the unknown soldier statues/busts of stalin and you will give us back the works of art stolen from our museums during occupation . 
  the problem is that they are banned without any scientific basis . 
  border states union !, 
  we should totally forbid western companies to do business in bangladesh and let the excess population die off so the rest can be happy substance farmers before the evils of globalization . 
  the thing is that as the population in places like bangladesh is booming , there just are no jobs left in the countryside so the 3rd , 4th , 5th child is forced into the factory .
