  by and large , this comes out by screaming through the mouth of the always dissatisfied creatures with low intelligence . 
  hell he had the the same text in like 7 languages , so check out the link above for estonian , latvian , georgian , ukrainian , german and finnish as well  i really love and respect the first meaning described in the quote , while feeling scared and sad about the latter . 
  yes because obviously it was lenin who overthrew nicholas ii with no other political players at all in the country . 
  i suggest you learn your history . 
  the czar had resigned in february and was out of the picture by the time lenin arrived in petrograd in april and immediately started advocating for a bolshevik coup . 
  the ousting of the czar was a prerequisite of lenin going to st. pete . 
  there was tremendous turmoil in the capital between february and october , when the bolsheviks seized power , and in that turmoil there was actual hope for better choices to be made . 
  there were different parties vying for different directions the country could take , including democrats , aristocrats , republicans , royalists and others . 
  it was a shaky time with provisional powers changing , but i maintain that there was hope in the chaos and the local russian bolsheviks were nowhere near as aggressive as they would become once lenin made it there . 
  the local petrograd bolsheviks were taken aback by the rashness of lenin 's proposals and originally wrote him off as having no concept of the state of the country at the time , since in truth , the man had been away from russia for years . 
  edit : while the czarist system was surely not a liberal democracy as what we hold to be the chosen standard today , it was also nowhere near as oppressive and sadistic as the system that lenin would lay the foundation to . 
  huh . 
  you seem to presume that lenin himself was n't a murderous cunt and a mass murderer . 
  i 'd already posted , but my post was this :  dear german officer who came up with the plan to transport lenin from z\u00fcrich to st. pete to weaken russia in ww1 : please , just do n't . 
  for the sake of both your country and millions of souls all over europe . 
  dear german officer who came up with the plan to transport lenin from z\u00fcrich to st. pete to weaken russia in ww1 : please , just do n't . 
  for the sake of both your country and millions of souls all over europe . 
  [ i hear this is how you really vote in russia ] ( http://sib.fm/content/p/822/i-m.jpg ) edit * rough crappy translation : `` 4th of march 2012 will be the elections of the president of the russian federation vladimir putin . 
  we request you to come by the prorector 's office after voting and enlist ( if someone can provide a better translation , please do ) . 
  those who will not do so , will undergo double work internships in the summer period '' again , if someone can translate this better , please do . 
  it was ok in the first part , but the colorful techno-turbo thing in the end was just too much . 
  i 'm afraid we do n't really have one , but if i could pick any song it would be [ `` meiecundimees \u00fcks korsakov l\u00e4ks eile l\u00e4tti '' by winny puhh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dllo85zsuk ), 
  thanks , man . 
  this looks like another engineered russian pr spin , but does anyone have any idea as to what 's behind this ? 
  itinerary with tallinn times : saturday , april 25 8:00 -9:00 breakfast sessions ( under the chatham house rule ) is home still a castle ? 
  lessons from ukraine for the baltic arena igor smeshko , former chairman of the ukrainian security service ( sbu ) and joint intelligence committee under the president of ukraine sven mikser , minister of defence of estonia frederick hodges , lieutenant general , commander of the u.s. army in europe urban ahlin , speaker of the swedish riksdag moderated by : daniel br\u00f6ssler , nato and eu correspondent , s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung destination europe : is migration an opportunity or a threat ? 
  per haugaard , head of unit for international dimension , european commission secretariat-general urmas paet , member of the european parliament , former minister of foreign affairs of estonia stefano silvestri , former president of the italian institute of international affairs ( iai ) philip blond , director of the respublica trust moderated by : eric maurice , journalist of euobserver russia 's energy weapon : blunted or still potent ? 
  alan riley , professor of law , city university london vladimir milov , president of the institute of energy policy , russia yuriy vitrenko , managing director , international business , naftogaz , ukraine ando leppiman , deputy secretary general for energy , estonian ministry of economic affairs & communications moderated by : matthew bryza , member of the icds international advisory board the moment of truth for belarus ? 
  charles grant , director of the centre for european reform ( cer ) yaraslau kryvoi , editor-in-chief , belarus digest ; director , ostrogorski centre arseny sivitsky , director of the centre for strategic and foreign policy research , belarus jana kobzova , senior programme officer , european endowment for democracy moderated by : vykintas puga\u010diauskas , foreign news editor , lithuanian radio & television ( lrt ) 9:00 -10:30 panel discussion ( on the record ) video the world according to putin , putin according to the world andrei illarionov , senior fellow , cato institute , former advisor to the president of russia michael mcfaul , former u.s. 
  ambassador to russia natalia gevorkyan , writer and columnist hiski haukkala , special advisor , ministry of foreign affairs of finland moderated by : bobo lo , independent scholar and consultant coffee 11:00 -12:30 panel discussion ( on the record ) video the power of narratives : an unwinnable war over the truth ? 
  peter pomerantsev , tv producer and author j\u00fcri luik , estonian ambassador to russia leon aron , director of russian studies , american enterprise institute linas linkevi\u010dius , minister of foreign affairs of lithuania moderated by : edward lucas , senior vice-president , center for european policy analysis ( cepa ) 12:30 -13:00 face to face with ... ( on the record ) video jean-jacques sahel , vice president of icann for europe , and toomas hendrik ilves , president of estonia moderated by : edward lucas , senior vice-president , center for european policy analysis ( cepa ) 13:00 -14:15 lunch 14:30 -16:30 optional events -- visits and tours \u2022 medieval old town walking tour \u2022 visit to the seaplane harbour and the seaplane hangars of the maritime museum \u2022 visit to the e-estonia showroom \u2022 visit to the kadriorg palace art museum and park \u2022 tour of tallinn military cemetery \u2022 tour of wooden tallinn : history through architecture 16:30 -18:00 panel discussion ( on the record ) ukraine : is there a will ? 
  is there a way ? 
  hanna hopko , chairwoman of foreign affairs committee , ukrainian parliament james sherr , associate fellow , chatham house taavi r\u00f5ivas , prime minister of estonia ilya ponomarev , member of state duma of russia moderated by : quentin peel , mercator senior fellow , chatham house coffee 18:30 -20:00 panel discussion ( on the record ) thinking the unthinkable : what 's next in store for us ? 
  anne brasseur , president of the parliamentary assembly of the council of europe ( pace ) lamberto zannier , secretary general of the organisation for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) alexander vershbow , deputy secretary general of north atlantic treaty organisation ( nato ) riina kionka , chief foreign policy advisor to european council president donald tusk moderated by : nik gowing , international broadcaster , visiting professor of war studies , king 's college london 20:00 -20:30 in memoriam : boris nemtsov 20:30 -22:00 networking dinner in the conference hotel 22:00 night owl sessions ( under the chatham house rule ) in the midst of information war : ends , means and ways ben judah , visiting fellow , european stability initiative dmytro kuleba , ambassador-at-large , head of strategic communications , ministry of foreign affairs of ukraine tod leventhal , head of counter-disinformation team , u.s. department of state andrei soldatov , editor of agentura.ru moderated by : nik gowing , international broadcaster , visiting professor of war studies , king 's college london european policies revised : neighbours left out in the cold ? 
  tinatin khidasheli , chairwoman of the european integration committee , georgian parliament orysia lutsevych , research fellow , chatham house matti maasikas , estonian ambassador to the eu edgars rink\u0113vi\u010ds , minister of foreign affairs of latvia moderated by : leila alieva , academic visitor , st. antony 's college , university of oxford the isis riddle : old new war within islam ? 
  tarek osman , political economist , egypt ahmed rashid , journalist and writer , pakistan \u0130lter turan , professor of international affairs , istanbul bilgi university hossein bastani , political analyst , bbc world moderated by : steven erlanger , london bureau chief of the new york times extreme right and left in europe : agents of new ( dis ) order ? 
  anton shekhovtsov , visiting senior fellow , legatum institute ulrike gu\u00e9rot , director of the european democracy lab , european school of governance ian bond , director of foreign policy , centre for european reform ( cer ) gy\u00f6rgy sch\u00f6pflin , member of the european parliament for hungary moderated by : quentin peel , mercator senior fellow , chatham house sunday , april 26 08:00 -09:00 breakfast sessions ( under the chatham house rule ) transatlantic relationship : who will defend europe ? 
  julianne smith , director of strategy and statecraft , center for a new american security ( cnas ) lauri lepik , ambassador , estonian permanent representative to nato stefano silvestri , former president of the italian institute of international affairs ( iai ) damon wilson , executive vice president of the atlantic council moderated by : natalie nougayr\u00e8de , columnist and foreign affairs commentator of the guardian offensive cyber : necessary evil or pandora 's box ? 
  ariel levite , non-resident senior associate , carnegie endowment for international peace anna-maria osula , researcher , nato cooperative cyber defence centre of excellence ( ccdcoe ) keir giles , director of conflict studies research centre ( csrc ) moderated by : sandro gaycken , senior researcher , european school of management and technology is the russian military back in shape ? 
  aleksandr golts , deputy editor-in-chief , yezhednevny zhurnal carolina vendil pallin , researcher , swedish defence research agency ( foi ) tor bukkvoll , researcher , norwegian defence research establishment ( ffi ) celeste wallander , special assistant to the u.s. president and senior director for russia and central asia , national security council moderated by : marek menkiszak , head of russia programme , centre for eastern studies ( osw ) eurasian union : reality or illusion ? 
  janusz bugajski , senior fellow , center for european policy analysis ( cepa ) arseny sivitsky , director of the centre for strategic and foreign policy research , belarus fabio belafatti , coordinator of the centre of contemporary central asian studies , university of vilnius marie mendras , professor , paris school of international affairs - sciences po moderated by : kaupo k\u00e4nd , senior advisor , osce high commissioner for national minorities 09:00 -10:30 panel discussion ( on the record ) sanctions : a sword or a boomerang ? 
  henrik hololei , european commission deputy secretary general john a. heffern , deputy assistant secretary of state , bureau of european and eurasian affairs , u.s. department of state sergei aleksashenko , former deputy governor of the central bank of russia anders \u00c5slund , senior fellow , peterson institute for international economics moderated by : hans kundnani , research director , european council on foreign relations ( ecfr ) coffee 11:00 -12:30 panel discussion ( on the record ) russian society : fertile ground for a noxious regime ? 
  aleksey levinson , head of social and cultural studies , levada centre vladimir milov , chairman of democratic choice party of russia masha gessen , journalist and author artemy troitsky , journalist and academic moderated by : kadri liik , senior policy fellow , european council on foreign relations ( ecfr ) 12:30 -13:30 closing session lennart meri lecture ( on the record ) paul goble , analyst and columnist , window on eurasia , and former special advisor to the u.s. secretary of state final words, 
  well i 'm not really sure it 's an eu issue here . 
  and also , they did issue some resolution , though this is probably wholly irrelevant , in brussels . 
  there really is no need to write one about estonia after this , 
  fair enough , and i 'll be the first to admit i might be slow to catch the sarcasm in russian . 
  but the whole turn is disturbing none the less . 
  as i said , if you neglect the part of repressions and suffering in a gulag museum and in stead focus on the work of the guards , then something 's definitely off there . 
  is there ? 
  what technical means ? 
  focusing on the technical aspects of getting forcing innocent dying people to work in a siberian wildeness and not at all on the repressions themselves is just as good as celebrating the gulag . ` the quote you presented is a stiff official phrasing . 
  the very quote from meduza . 
  granted , i have n't taken the time to read the grani article itself , reading russian is still kind of slow for me . 
  well . 
  myself , i do n't really use that term . 
  a genocide would be an ethnic cleansing of a specific ethnic group . 
  what the soviet deportations were , was social cleansing and terror to establish a sufficient amount of fear in society . 
  i also sometimes cringe when i hear the awful victim talks from estonians , as if we were the only ones who got wronged , forgetting people such as the crimean tatars and the chechens ** all ** of whom were deported [ ( link ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_lentil_ ( caucasus ) ) . 
  at the same time , there 's no denying that the system reeked to its core and only a fool would want it back . 
  it was bad , but there 's no use whining about it like i find some people do . 
  it was in fact the cccp that actively argued against including political killings into the un genocide convention ( wikipedia level stuff ) . 
  because they were a permanent security council member , they of course succeeded . 
  here you go . 
  both from meduza . 
  [ there 's this russian one : '' `` \u041f\u0435\u0440\u043c\u044c-36 '' \u0441\u0442\u0430\u043d\u0435\u0442 \u043c\u0443\u0437\u0435\u0435\u043c \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u043d\u0438\u043a\u043e\u0432 \u0413\u0423\u041b\u0410\u0413\u0430 '' ] ( https://meduza.io/news/2015/03/04/perm-36-stanet-muzeem-rabotnikov-gulaga ) and then this one in english : [ `` russia 's only gulag memorial is redesigned to celebrate the gulag '' ] ( https://meduza.io/en/news/2015/03/05/russia-s-only-gulag-memorial-is-redesigned-to-celebrate-the-gulag ) i kind of remember reading something about this in some other sources as well , but i ca n't remember where that was . 
  first of all , thank you for this information . 
  second , why was perm-36 so widely reported then ? 
  was it the only museum based on an actual remaining camp maybe ? 
  yeah i can see that point too , and i would n't say i have a problem here . 
  i just find that people sometimes go too far with attributing blame on certain nationalities and not ideologies/systems , especially so in the baltics . 
  which is wholly understandable , but at the same time , i would say , completely counterproductive . 
  they recently commemorated it by turning the only gulag memorial museum into one glorifying the guards . 
  so there 's that . . 
  i would n't be too quick to view all of this as an inherently national problem . 
  it was first and foremost the result of a totally fucked political ideology . 
  although it did commit russification and russian was the dominant language and ethnic group , the cccp was still a very multicultural state under which the russians suffered just as badly as did all the others . 
  well there 's that , plus there was another large deportation in 1941 , right after we `` willingly '' joined the cccp , called the june deportations . 
  during that time , some 10 000 people were taken , 6000 of whom died . 
  for context : the population at the time was around 1,2 million . 
  [ wikipedia article about the large-scale operation priboy , the large-scale deportation of baltic peoples ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_priboi ), 
  novaya gazeta , meduza and tv rain from russian language press . 
  politico , the local , ny times , reuters , al jazeera english and foreign affairs from english language sources . 
  there 's what / u/thhonourablejojo pointed out , plus the fact that it 's not just putin , but also many of the higher ranking * siloviki * who have been out of the picture . 
  it also seems that too many cracks in the power structure are showing , with the stuff surrounding nemtsov 's murder . 
  there 's the * konservy * used to show putin in meetings that went down a long time before . 
  this in a country where almost all the mainstream media is tightly under political control . 
  putin 's first and foremost a media president , he 's created by the media and he uses the media to rule . 
  him not being on is an issue in itself . 
  of course this probably also has something to do with the rf and ketchum going separate ways . 
  well . . it 's an anonymous source quoted by an obscure russian web portal . 
  i would n't get too excited about this . 
  i mean something 's going down for sure , but this order thing does n't seem too well substantiated . 
  why is scandinavia pictured as dogs ? 
  the people are nice . 
  the political culture , just horrible . 
  current government seems like a joke . 
  could be , could be . 
  as i said it 's an issue of much political debate and i 'm not at all dead set on this . 
  yup .
