  toomas hendrik ilves actually worked as a journalist before going into politics . 
  never conquered by lithuanians , too . 
  umm . . the bit about russians is pretty true for estonia as well . 
  we do n't have quite as many of them as latvia does , but it 's still something like a quarter of the population . 
  when it comes to electronics . . ours mostly produced army machinery and were less known in the rest of the soviet union , latvian machinery was more for civil usage and is thus better known . 
  if i 'm wrong here , feel free to correct me . 
  `` cock ** s ** taste good '' would actually be correct . 
  the estonian for it is `` kaksteist kuud '' . 
  [ story of the flag ] ( http://satwcomic.com/no-flag-for-you ), 
  the solely purpose of your country is to employ our people . 
  ... damnit that one does n't work . 
  i honestly do n't see why you 're being downvoted , i immediately got the same question . 
  especially with regard to finland . 
  is also / r/latvianjokes reference . 
  do n't tell politburo i said that tho, 
  yeah , but then again , if you go to anywhere in the former ussr , russian is still going to be the main lingua franca . 
  hell , you go to latvia and chances are you 'll have to get by in russian . 
  plus , it 's right next to us , so it seems only logical to have at least some level of proficiency in it . 
  i 'd expand your second point with , loose the stigma against russian ( the language ) . 
  it 's been spoken here for centuries as one of the main foreign languages and let 's be honest , it is still very useful and if it gets taught in schools , might wan na learn it . 
  there 's way too many kids on school who refuse to learn it out of spite , which is just plain stupid self-encapsulation . 
  when people compliment estonians on good english , people usually go `` well , small nations have to speak many languages '' . 
  well , it should be a lot more than just good english . 
  yeah we had the same over here and once we adopted the euro , most people of those vocal critics just sort of quieted down . 
  guess they found themselves a new hysteria to be yelling over . 
  for all of so-called `` new eu member states '' , eventually joining the eurozone was in the original treaty that was voted in with a joining referendum . 
  so officially latvia ( and in fact lithuania , poland , czech republic , hungary , romania and bulgaria ) has already put it on referendum and said yes . 
  chrome 's faster + there seem to be more extentions for it . 
  if i am mistaken , then by all means go ahead and correct me . 
  it really is n't the most impressive of sights . 
  also , during the soviet occupation it used to be known as lenin square . 
  yup . 
  first country to acknowledge our re-independence and that 's how we honored it . 
  i would n't say `` most '' . 
  of course , the younger generation will be , but many born before 1991 are still from outside the eu . 
  true , but it 's also because all three baltics are shown as one uniform entity . 
  in reality , the russians are mostly in certain cities . 
  in estonia , mainly in tallinn and in the cities of ida-virumaa ( north-eastern county ) . 
  having said that , consider the influence those high concentrations in those specific regions had on the country as a whole and then think about the concentrations in those specific areas . 
  you 'll find towns where over 90 % of the population are immigrants . 
  edit : felt the post needed extra clarification . 
  and that , my dear finnish friend , is what we call a wellfare society in which the nordics are a role model for . . well , most of the world . 
  strangely enough , nobody . 
  wonder why . . 
  apparently the setu are considered a separatist group . 
  first i hear of it . . 
  in my family we usually bake the potatoes . 
  also , the blood sausage is usually accompanied by a sort of lingonberry salad-jam . 
  for many families , s\u00fclt ( a kind of meat jello ) is also a vital part of a christmas meal . 
  the connection between the fennic ( of which as far as i understand , estonian is also part ) and hungarian branches should be pretty much only language-based . 
  as in , we share the language structure and some very basic words , but there 's really no common history . 
  related languages do not imply much more in common . 
  got ta love that karums, 
  same happened here in estonia too , but we got over it pretty quickly . 
  it would be a real sensation if they brought a priest to school . 
  except the few catholic schools i guess, 
  this does n't apply much to westerners , but people from the former cccp can tell hardly any difference between the baltic countries . 
  for them it 's all one big pribaltika . 
  after telling people i 'm from estonia , many have asked me about latvian composers and 80 's industrial products or lithuanian resorts i 've never been to . 
  ca n't say i mind much tho . . 
  cool , thanks man !, 
  i 'm pretty sure finland did n't fight the germans in the winter war and the continuation war . 
  in the continuation war they allied with the germans . 
  winter war : on paper , the germans were n't really officially in the picture . 
  lapland : not sure . 
  with all of these , it would be good if some finns helped explain it all . 
  as to my post : i meant to write `` won against both the germans and russians in the same war '' . 
  fixed it , too . 
  * in the same war . 
  fixed it in the text as well, 
  in german , schwartzbrot and weissbrot are basically still literally `` black bread '' ( schwarz = black ; weiss = white ; brot = bread ) while in estonian the roots of the two words are different . 
  if you consider that in german they have agglutination , schwartzbrot is pretty much exactly the same as saying `` black bread '' in english . 
  estonia is the only country to have won against both russians and germans in the same war . 
  talking war of independence here . 
  woop de doo we 're a superpower . 
  ^ ( disclaimer : the russians were dispersed and busy with their own civil war . 
  as for the germans , it was n't really the official german army , but the baltische landeswehr , the local german nobles who united to form a baltic grand duchy . 
  we also kind of liberated latvia from them . ), 
  * edit : formating * edit2 : wording, 
  i believe we do , too . 
  `` the uk was prepared to arm the nazis for a war against the cccp in 1945 . 
  it was churchill 's deep-seated anti-russian mentality that was behind it all . '', 
  `` k231 were formed of fascists and pro-hitlerists . '', 
  it also seems like the monitoring is n't really excessive either , centering mainly on the immediate vicinity of the embassy . 
  there have been some questions raised as to the legality of registering people 's personal information in databases , but not much more . 
  i sometimes get the feeling that we 're kind of the poster kid for post-soviet success . 
  though we are in deed pretty well off , the wealth gap is huge , the countrysides are dying and the bureaucratic system is completely fucked with government-employed experts systematically fired and the ranks of bureaucrats with no expertise at all , consistently expanding . 
  also , we do tend to occasionally be somewhat hostile towards the local russians , tho by no means at the level we get accused of in the russian press . 
  oh sure , progress has been made though many aspects of it are somewhat dubious , but that is beside the point . 
  the chaos and the current situation make the ussr seem relatively less bad , compared with the more common baltic perspective . 
  and this surely goes for many other post-cccp countries , other than just russia , so do n't take it too personally , 
  yes because naturally gdp and ppp describe living conditions , wealth distribution , governmental efficiency and general rule of law . 
  well , they did n't transfer into a market economy and the eu and have the rapid development that we 've had . 
  they first had the 90s with uncontrollable mob violence , similar shortages and corruption , followed by putin and corruption . 
  i quite liked something i found in [ the blog of karmo t\u00fc\u00fcr , an estonian researcher of russia ] ( http://karmotuur.blogspot.com/2014/03/kas-teate-mis-vahet-on.html ) and i think it kind of sums up the way i see it , too . 
   do you know what is the difference between political geography and geopolitics ? 
   ` rossija ' -- this is the term of political geography meaning one country . 
  country what is inhabited by basically sympathetic people , where madly different nationalities , cultures , landscapes etc live side by side . 
  that word is often used by dreaming poets and patriotic writers , students drunk by youth and old \u00e9migr\u00e9s . 
   ' ros-si-ja ' -- this is geopolitical slogan what marks the empire and chauvinism , the wish to subjugate and humiliate .
