could be , tho i have serious problems understanding the semantics of his texts . 
  he just blurts out ideologically charged words , but often lacks actual logic in his statements . 
  it does n't . 
  it 's just if you look at the translation i provided above , it 's kind of . . well i say it 's rather xenophobic and non-inclusive , but the now former minister and many others have disputed that . 
  yeah well , above all this is just a clusterfuck of stupidity . 
  even if there are some underlying feelings between the two , so be it . 
  that still does not excuse the minister 's labeling of society into us and them . 
  and it is a bit of a shame , since from what i understand he 's actually a pretty good minister . 
  that sure looks like a cold war era map of europe . 
  quick wrap in english : the minister of education and science , jevgeni ossinovski ( social democratic party ) claimed in a televised debate on wednesday that 23 years after the end of the soviet occupation , it 's about time for us to stop blaming every social problem on the occupation . 
  ligi 's comment on facebook ( quick , rough translation ) : `` the guy thinks history started with him and follows the same ugly clich\u00e9 on all topics : the previous government this and that . 
  in doing so , he completely confuses the order of things ( crappy translation of the term `` seadusp\u00e4ra '' ) and the fault of the state . 
  this time for example the relationship between emigration and its historical background . 
  the ignorance as to where we started is the greatest stimulus to young people emigrating . 
  a minister should say that we should take it and make the effort , we 're doing better and better ( such as finland is n't ) . 
  but he says we ca n't blame the soviet power , he 'll get all of this sorted . 
  ** as the son of an immigrant from a pink party should be extra careful , but he does n't even know to look out ** '', 
  well , to the ideological barricades it is . 
  yeah . 
  because if the gay folks can not marry each other , the logic follows that then they will naturally change their orientation , marry partners of the opposite sex and start fornicatin ' like crazy . 
  and the forcefully heterosized sodomite shall multiply and be many in numbers !, 
  hallelujah , these people are nuts . 
  one of my personal favourites of all the speeches : `` i have four daughters , all of them marriage age . 
  if you have sons , come talk to me later . '', 
  i forget what the egghead who spoke those words was called . 
  in general , the whole thing involved a lot of priests and other backwards folk from different areas coming together to boast about how many kids they have and about how there 's a `` moral crisis '' in society . 
  i felt bad and kind of ashamed from watching it all . 
  just this week , the same folks who organized the protest , listed autism as one of the things caused by lack of a `` traditional '' marriage , and the abstract `` moral crisis '' . 
  what fuckwits . 
  . . such as ? 
  yeah i was kind of surprised by that too , especially for estonia , since it really is perceived as a sort of russian name around here . 
  . . given that you have an interest in a religious marriage , funeral , etc. 
  wait do you mean gaelic dub or english with an irish accent dub ? 
  either way , if you could supply some links i would appreciate the shit out of that . 
  that kind of fits well with what i noticed in belgium : flemish people generally spoke good english , whereas the walloons basically did n't . 
  i think it 's generally a french thing . . 
  of course this depends on a lot of things and predicting the future is impossible . 
  however , in today 's russian internal politics the key players are : 1 . 
  a blind hurray-patriotism with constant fear-mongering against a `` western world set to destroy russia '' . 
  the only way this can be kept up is through creating more and more conflict areas where the powers can `` prove '' outside meddling . 
  part of this is also claiming that all smaller nationalities within russia or outside of it have no life without russia , nor have they ever been actual nationalities to begin with . 
  society becoming more and more closed , with restrictions on all things foreign , with no civil liberties , etc. 
  this includes the fsb grip on civil life strengthening . 
  the orthodox church , which is an extension of the state power , will of course play its part in vilifying all things western , too , all the while praising `` the good czar '' . 
  all who criticize the powers that be will be called fascist , russophobe , etc. 
  some time ago the patriarch of moscow kirill , in a speech , said that the `` national idea '' of the rus ' is `` holiness '' , whereas that of other nationalities is that of `` power , property , the physical '' . 
  this , i find , is a troublesome statement coming from the `` spiritual leader '' of the religion that is most affiliated with the largest ethnic group within russia . 
  the idea behind all this is that should the current powers fall , they would most likely be held accountable for many attrocities that they simply can not allow , as they 've seen lately with the arab spring , etc. 
  their natural next move is to try and stay in power for ever . 
  so thus , they pay the nationalism card , the foreign enemy card , and those two can easily unite a people suffering in destitute conditions . 
  the economic hardships brought about by the new sanctions are of course only going to make every day life more difficult for the average russian , which ironically plays kind of straight into putin 's hands in that he can literally point the finger and accuse the western sanctions of the hardships , never mind the complete lack of social development , monstrous rights violations , corruption and crony capitalism . 
  in such a scenario , it is highly unlikely that any significant political change could come by peaceful means . 
  depending on how things play out , all end results are possible from a revolution and a shift of power to a civil war to a breakdown of the country into smaller states . 
  what this means on the international level , depends on how the international community plays its cards . 
  if the baltics or poland should be attacked , it will most likely drag nato into a war with russia , which in a worst case scenario could lead to a nuclear armageddon as russia 's defense doctrine stipulates that nukes are to be deployed if they fail to fend off an invasion within 72 hours . 
  if the nato 5th article does not go into effect , we can expect a long frozen conflict , effectively a renewed cold war . 
  but as i said , it 's impossible to predict the future . 
  later this will of course make sense , but it 's simply such a black swan event right now , that we ca n't know . 
  the info war waged on all sides of this issue is n't helping of course . 
  estonia : living in pagan societies , hunting , farming , fishing , believing in magic , doing a bunch of weird rituals and stuff , probably also casually fighting each other over fuck knows what . 
  not much in general . 
  well , that 's also a point of view , i guess . 
  not one i agree with , but if that 's where you 're coming from , ok . not gon na argue over that here . 
  well . 
  i 'm not too sure about that . 
  before , the city was putting a lot subsidies into the transport system , which was coming from their revenue . 
  many of the people using the system ( myself included ) were n't actually registered in tallinn , were n't paying their taxes to the city , but still used the system . 
  yes , the city is taking tax revenue from other places , but at the same time , if you effectively live in a place , and use the facilities there , it could be argued that you should also pay for them then . 
  while i do share the common hatred of the city government and the centrist party , i do n't think every move they make is bad a priori . 
  oh man i love this . 
  every time i hear about `` obvious us direct involvement in sparking the maidan protests '' , people always bring up chile or iran or guatemala or iraq and afghanistan even , but never mention a thing about ukraine . 
  as far as i have see , there is no solid proof about us involvement . 
  well done , bloodysneeze, 
  compare finland on that map to the finland these days . 
  same actually goes for estonia , only the difference is n't as pronounced . 
  it 's still an estonian drink , and was also an estonian drink in the old times . 
  and a symbol of estonia , not of the ussr . 
  it was well known in the former ussr for being an estonian thing . 
  i went to georgia and armenia last spring , and everyone older than 30 knew vana tallinn . 
  and really , what would be the point of writing off this popular drink just because it used to be enjoyed by soviet elites ? 
  it 's just a drink , man . 
  edited some points, 
  how come ? 
  so you have no connection to the country , but just like it ? 
  i 'm impressed . 
  anyway , when it comes to drinks . . 
  i usually do n't really recommend vana tallinn , since i do n't like the way it 's marketed . 
  i mean , whether you like the taste or not , is entirely a question of taste and i 'm not going to argue here . 
  myself i find it a bit too sweet , but it can be good with coffee for example . 
  or when it 's really cold . 
  however , i do n't like the way they use this `` ancient '' slogan as a selling point . 
  they sort of neglect to mention the drink was actually introduced to the liviko production line in 1960 . 
  and when you come to think of it , how would they have made a rum-based liqueur in estonia in `` the times immemorial '' ? 
  however , it has become a national drink of sorts over the time it 's been around , so i ca n't really condemn people taking it for an ancient estonian thing . 
  it certainly is a symbol of our country in the former ussr . 
   the recipe is a secret produced by some mad scientist at liviko in the 1960 's in order to fill a quota of new drinks to be sent to the kremlin to keep the soviets happy . 
  they liked the drink so much that they demanded more , and soon vana tallinn became an elite drink in russia as well as in the whole soviet union . 
  one drink that 's somewhat older and a bit more `` traditional '' is k\u00e4nnu kukk , tho that one , too hardly goes back more than 100 years . 
  if you 're at all into desert wines , check out p\u00f5ltsamaa t\u00f5mmu . 
  how on earth did you get viru valge and vana tallinn in australia , anyway ?
