  however , many people are kind of pissed at that and quite a few parties have a proportional tax on their election platforms . 
  it 's an ideological question really , but basically : the 60 $ you take from a poor person who makes 300 a month is going to be worth a lot more to them than say 400 taken from someone who makes 2000 . 
  myself , being poor as shit , i would n't really mind a proportional rate . 
  just as a quick note : the 20 % for max income tax in estonia is what we all pay . 
  we have a flat rate on income tax . 
  far as i know , it 's the same in russia and belarus . 
  our liberal right parties justify this by saying it 's one of the reasons for our success and that it 's necessary to ward off corruption . 
  the whole thing 's a debate issue in all elections . 
  also , no corporate tax afaik . 
  i wonder what the 0-20 is about on the chart . 
  on a more serious not tho , it 's probably toompea castle in tallinn , which today houses our parliament . 
  pictures : [ from below ] ( http://www.magicunica.com/sites/default/files/styles/background_image/public/toompea%202%20by%20p.halberg.jpg ) and [ from above ] ( http://johnpettitt.com/assets/images/toompeacitadel.jpg ), 
  [ kiiu torn for estonia ] ( http://y.delfi.ee/norm/4793/3059813_dxj78i.jpeg ), 
  a relative of mine used to work in the presidential administration and from what he said , in the beginning of his first term , ilves apparently needed some coaching for his estonian speeches . 
  do n't get me wrong : he speaks without an accent and has a good vocabulary and all , but given that he 's spoken most of his grown life in english , it is only understandable that he was more comfortable in english . 
  however , what i do feel is kind of an american influence in the way he speaks , is that he 's kind of . . well , i 'd say culturally influenced . 
  he has certain yank mannerisms and a bit of a loudmouth approach . 
  he 's altogether more of a talker than is traditional in the estonian political culture . 
  yeah , as i said in my edit , i must have accidentally skipped a paragraph or two . 
  again , sorry . 
  as for `` putinism '' , while i realize this is getting into a debate over terminology , an - ism would presume the existence of an ideology , which russia today does not have . 
  it 's corrupt beyond measure , but it lacks a coherent ideology to back itself up . 
  that 's why i prefer `` collective putin '' . 
  but whatever , we are still basically agreeing . 
  much as i hate to break this to you : you 're sounding kind of like kiselyov , yelling `` coincidence ? 
  i do n't think so . '', 
  while i do not have any proof as to who ordered and perpetrated the killing , i do not think there 's much logic to the `` putin killed nemtsov '' - scenario . 
  it was just unnecessary for him , it casts him in a bad light and creates a rather serious pr problem . 
  i rather liked an op-ed by the estonian political scientist and russia-specialist karmo t\u00fc\u00fcr where he asked whether putin could be held to blame . 
  the answer was yes and no . 
  no , it seems unlikely that putin or anyone in his near circle ordered the execution . 
  however , he is directly to blame , along with his political technologists surkov , markov and countless others , for creating an atmosphere wherein ideas and groups that would find reason for such killings ( nashi , antimaidan , anti-orange coucil , etc ) to thrive . 
  i also do not think putin necessarily directly ordered many of the killings you named , although i wo n't rule out that he might have done a few . 
  they were naturally horrendous human rights abuses and should be properly investigated , those responsible should be tried and punished , etc. 
  my point is that perhaps even more than the man himself , blame lies with what they call `` collective putin '' , and that 's a scary thought . 
  it implies that the venom is deeper than just the one man , it 's become a part of the culture , and it 's getting worse with every passing day . 
  i already saw headlines yelling that it was ukrainian special services and chechens who did it . 
  i found myself surprised that the list did n't also include us paid pribaltic female snipers . 
  but sadly , that kind of bullshit is only to be expected . 
  edit : shit , i re-read your post and saw that i 'd missed a few points you made . 
  interesting . 
  i was of the impression that swedish finns are more or less bilingual . 
  ok , if it 's the alands i can understand that . 
  i 've been and i really got the impression they do n't speak a word of finnish there . 
  but you 're not fluent in finnish ? 
  http://i.hizliresim.com/gy09l3.jpg i think not . 
  personal freedoms and the political situation make turkey completely unacceptable for membership, 
  i would add jaan kross 's `` kolme katku vahel '' too . 
  it 's a real magnum opus by estonias most renown and most translated novelist . 
  i think that 's a universal pagan thing tho . 
  i think bringing in branches for certain holidays was a big thing around these parts anyway . 
  for example for suvistep\u00fchad ( i have no idea what you 'd call that in english ) it used to be a common tradition to bring in birch branches for example . 
  the minox spy cam was invented in estonia by a tallinn-based baltic german , but came to be produced in latvia . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minox, 
  come on , not everyone in the world is supposed to speak english , cut her a break . 
  ouch . 
  i mean . . ouch . 
  `` ukraine 2.0 , car bombs and street whores . '', 
  and that 's all . 
  i kind of get the ukraine 2.0 jab , but the rest . . is it because there 's no other stereotypes known about estonians ? 
  depends on your definition of `` normal relations '' i guess . 
  the center party has a cooperation agreement with putins edinaja rossiya , which is one of the things that has kepylt them in political isolation for years . 
  at the same time , i dont think they 're all that pro-putinist . 
  the whole claim is more part of reform party rhetoric used to keep them isolated and paint themselves as guardians of our freedom . 
  i know at least one grandparent + some estranged friends + a few others who are completely disillusioned with the bullshit success stories sold by the reformists . 
  coalition parties have suggested r\u00f5ivas step down himself tomorrow for lack of leadership and political standstill . 
  for a while we also had a candidate jaak j\u00f5er\u00fc\u00fct . 
  i was rooting for him , just to laugh every time the foreign media tried to pronounce his name . 
  born to a family of dutch roots who 'd lived in russia for generations . 
  most likely they spoke german and russian during this period . 
  his folks fled to estonia from the bolsheviks after the russian revolution and later again to vienna during ww2 . 
  he himself was born there , so he 's born and raised in austria . 
  his parents , however , acquired an estonian citizenship during their stay here and thus vander is also eligible for a citizenship , should he ever want one . 
  which i doubt he ever would . 
  to say he 's an estonian citizen is still a bit of a stretch , but he is fully eligible for a citizenship , so much is true . 
  dude , do you ever remember a sunny november ? 
  over here i 've always thought that november is a month that should really just be skipped because of lack of sunshine and i doubt it 's that different a few hundred km southwards from here . 
  also , this is why we drink . 
  true , but that has also been their culture for pretty much all of their history . 
  when it comes to the trukic peoples in russia , many are actually still within their homeland , just in a different city . 
  they have russian nationalities , etc. 
  also , in very many cases people have moved to those places because it 's also intolerable to live in their home regions and once you 've made that sort of act of determination , you do not easily turn back . 
  it would in fact make more sense to flee somewhere else , but how long are you going to keep running ? 
  also , you need to account for the travel expenses , etc. 
  it 's not an easy decision to make . 
  [ check out the insane neonazism in russia ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aluxuq-e9ya ) . 
  this kind of sentiment is growing in the world and it 's sick . 
  also , could someone please translate what they 're saying in the video ? 
  you do n't say (-.-), 
  * 1 gram of weed * 14 litres of petrol * about 20 beers from a supermarket , around 7 in a bar ( depending on bar and brand of beer ofc ) * 4 cinema tickets * 2 bus tickets between the two biggest towns ( about 180km distance ), 
  [ steve hughes on the london riots and british museum . 
  sort of on topic . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zguu4xe225a&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=1m52s ), 
  have n't read it , so no . 
  ok , suppose that might also be the case . 
  anyway , it 's easier for them to get rid of the kid than to have it and i have to agree with it . 
  to be honest , unwanted kids tend to be a menace on society and the less there are of them the better . 
  i 'd say higher alcohol consumption has its effect + general lower economic situation ( it 's cheaper to have an abortion than to raise a kid by a single mum , etc ) . 
  also , for my country ( estonia ) i 'd say that the whole topic is n't as stigmatized here as it is in the west . 
  getting abortions is legal and i have n't heard of any attempts to have it banned since . . well , actually i ca n't recall abortion ever being an actual issue .
