neutrality is very important to austrians , but in many aspects technically it only consists on paper . 
  we are already taking sides in conflicts with a common eu foreign policy and strictly seen as a un member partaking in resolutions , like switzerland who joined the un in 2002 could be considered less neutral now . 
  as far as a eu army goes . 
  i think austrians are actually for that , but are overwhelmingly against joining nato beyond partnership for peace . 
  because we are neutral and are already surrounded by nato . 
  cheaper , 
  i did n't follow up , but my point was going to be along the line of the total amount of terror attacks and the ones perpetrated in europe alone . 
  if you factor in the amount of terrorists caught and terror attacks foiled in europe due to intelligence and good police work as opposed to the 70s or other places in the world today , where police and military intelligence is not up to par with ours , then the numbers can be interpreted vastly different . 
  simply saying , `` look these are the numbers from the 70s/80s and these are the numbers now '' , so everything is fine and dandy is in my opinion skewed . 
  it simply does n't factor in that it now costs a lot more to keep us all safe and that the social fabric in europe is vastly different now than 40 years ago . 
  why ? 
  attacking european missions , embassies and interests is part of that picture . 
  you clearly do n't get it . 
  you mean europeans are only targeted in europe ? 
  http://imgur.com/ggkizc7 i 'm not sure if the amount of 14,000 terror attacks annually is an irregular occurrence . 
  but an increase in 54 % since 2013 does n't make your statement very reassuring in terms of trends . 
  looks like a kidney with alcohol damage, 
  that 's an opinion piece . 
  i do n't really care if the article starts with `` i 'm an ... '' . 
  we love basements , fatty foods and our politicians like to escalate things quickly . 
  rip steve, 
  bavarian is superior anyway :|, 
  what site is that from ? 
  it could be that they are just homesick and compensate by vocalizing their bad feelings this way . 
  and they have an excellent website http://otelhatemoglu.com/ such classic . 
  many wow, 
  well what i mean is that britain should n't get any special deals . 
  that it is a punishment , will be how the average brit will perceive it . 
  because if the eu does n't , it becomes a slippery slope and why should n't other countries then pursue the same deals with far less obligations . 
  britain should be made an example of . 
  i think punishment is exactly what it deserves . 
  yup, 
  do you know why arabs only eat with the right hand ? 
  what about premenstrual syndrome leave ( 2 weeks ) . 
  heck how about just giving women money without work . 
  saint pierre and miquelon is missing, 
  looks good !, 
  because loving something simply because you where born there out of sheer coincidence is kind of stupid . 
  eu is a little comfort after being apart for so long . 
  i got ta go i 'm getting emotional :p, 
  '' - ( \u00af ` \u00b7 . \u00b7 \u00b4 \u00af ) -  ungarn < - ( \u00af ` \u00b7 . \u00b7 \u00b4 \u00af ) - `` ps : please come back < 3, 
  they were off piste without a local tour guide . 
  unfortunately people take risks and this can be the result . 
  probably not . 
  but that does n't mean it ca n't be done . 
  z\u00fcrich is so boring it should n't even be on the list . 
  we found the volksschul-dropout, 
  why do you play it down and recite the article like it 's a misunderstanding ? 
  butthurt ? 
  it 's also literally a one way river . 
  you need huge amounts of energy if you forgot something upstream . 
  who knows how it even became a literal river and what the germans put in it to make things float . 
  i do n't trust the danube . 
  and that 's just the local cheese factory . 
  god you germans are disgusting !, 
  eggs with maggi . 
  i got ta try that . 
  finally we are good at something !!!!, 
  get on our level czechs . 
  i loved that market . 
  i was there at christmas time and it was magical . 
  once summer turns to autumn i 'm sad all the rape is gone . 
  i see it the other way around . 
  if you see what 's happening and do n't do anything about it , then you are complicit . 
  let 's hope the next coup works . 
  on the one hand i find it interesting to see how , ever more quickly , turkey turns into a dictatorship . 
  on the other hand , i feel sorry for all the turks who seem to blindly trust erdogan and who will one day wake up in a nightmare . 
  we are only doing it first . 
  this is such a / pol/ish thread . 
  not only that but it will cause tensions in europe itself and the social infrastructures will be or are already massively strained . 
  receiving funds from the eu is part of the package . 
  it is different to an imf loan . 
  eu funds to lift up a nation to common standards are in everyones interest . 
  the looks like a [ gumby ] ( http://imgur.com/bagjzcw ) offspring, 
  i prefer minori , but the who coast is mighty fine . 
  duck filled lokshe and happy tatra videos . 
  they do it every day . 
  that 's weird that those companies are seemingly going out their way to make products of worse quality . 
  haha did n't take long , 
  you found a photo of you holding a 500 euro note on the internet ? 
  now go buy a golden nail clipper . 
  that 's one lonely cunt if i ever seen one . 
  polan still thinks god is in space . 
  why do n't you take a chill pill . 
  in the mean time you may want to reflect on all the shit your country has done in libya . 
  yes they fucking hate you there . 
  oh you mean willy . 
  btx was also available in austria . 
  you mean a lake is n't the sea ? 
  looks like someone went overboard making mochitos . 
  as we say in german : you are painting the devil on the wall . 
  yet rome and the vatican are the main declared targets . 
  so i reckon it 's only a matter of time , sadly . 
  why do all those eagles , lions and horses stick out their tongues ? 
  we 'll let the random number generator define the coordinates . 
  that 's fair i would say :p, 
  we 'd like them for new years please . 
  i hope they use hydraulic presses and they should live stream it . 
  has this been renovated yet ? 
  the curbs on this race track used to be super dangerous .
