ha , our domestic demand is so low that even criminals gave up : /, 
  i know , i agree with what you said . 
  most immigrants come to southern europe and with 27 % unemployment here the `` work and contribute '' point is just wrong . 
   10 % cute, 
  not a big fan of him . 
  i think he 's going to do whatever he 's told . 
  he wo n't be bad and he wo n't be good at it either . 
  i thought that we could do a [ name ] and reply with our opinions about him/her ? 
  if you like the idea continue it . 
  for example : avramopoulos, 
  do n't get your hopes up . 
  he is from a party ( nd ) that sank greece ( together with pasok ) . 
  he was called `` mr nothing '' and i think he 'll live up to his reputation . 
  let 's hope that his advisors will be competent . 
  `` greeks blame their politicians first and foremost , always have . '', 
  and who is voting for them , yet again ? 
  if you are comfortable , can you tell me which party are you voting for ? 
  no flaming , i swear . 
  you are right . 
  we have syriza leading and even though syriza has never governed and therefore `` less '' corrupt , its rhetoric its pretty much : ~ ~ germany ~ ~ merkel screwed us over , let 's print money and enlarge our public sector ; and restore the minimum wage to 750euros ; without making reforms . 
  direct online parliamentary democracy !, 
  robust : open-source app for voting laws proposed by the parliament or the people . 
  no more than 1 referendum / 1 law proposal ( eg 10 pages ) per day ( obvious exceptions : war etc ) . 
  free administration of smartphones and 4g ( obviously ) , followed by detailed written instructions so elderly people can use them . 
  if the populace just wants high wages with 0 productivity , let them . 
  if they fail , it will be their own responsibility to change it . 
  politicians will be constantly defending their positions and wo n't just do whatever they want for four years . 
  whatever , utopia, 
  i do n't know where to start . 
  first , there are allegations ( [ unfortunately provided by golden dawn ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2014/07/01/samaras-golden-dawn-trump-card-joker/ ) ( ctrl + f baltakos ) ) that government officials have influence over courts . 
  also , the government did n't adhere to a court order until the order changed : [ they ( cleaners ) initially won a court order to be rehired , but it was ignored by the government until it got a reversal from a higher court . 
  ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2014/06/30/greek-workers-protest-firings-officers-await-back-pay/ ) my opinion is that the government bends the law constantly . 
  germany has a thriving economy , for people to protest against the government and be afraid of police brutality persecution etc. 
  i think they genuinely do n't even consider a bad scenario . 
  if i was a muslim fundamentalist nutjob i would probably follow islamic law intead of french law . 
  so yes i 'm betting that france will experience some stories of women living inside their house most of the time , homeschooled ( which is worse , because they will never learn western values ) . 
  imho they are trying to deal with this problem the wrong way , limiting freedom in the meantime . 
  there could be a better way to integrate people and defend opressed women, 
  we also had some hiv + prostitutes broadcasted all over greece , instead of urging people that bang prostitutes without condoms to go to the hospital . 
  the minister responsible felt proud of himself because many people got checked . 
  prostitute 's personal/medical privacy ? 
  i disagree . 
  muslim fundamentalists will just keep their daughters like slaves in their house and goes directly against european values that your freedom ends where another begins . 
  just an idea , we could only make things easier for women that are opressed by offering witness-protection-like measures . 
  this has already happened in greece , i think france too . 
  just for the sake of providing a different view than my fellow greek : you are right to an extent . 
  we do have a portion of public workers sitting , doing nothing all day , not helping anyone . 
  but here 's the kicker . 
  most of them wo n't be fired or have their wages cut , because they are affiliated with the current goverment . 
  our system is extremely corrupt , i think a northerner ca n't even imagine how much . 
  when i was in vienna i tried to explain to a random dude that asked me just what went wrong here . 
  when i finished he was just shaking his head like `` how can this country even exist ? '', 
  germany 's ( and most countries with a modern economy ) superiority is based on technology . 
  if hard work determined wealth , [ north koreans would be the wealthiest ] ( http://www.aidanfc.net/a_year_in_pyongyang_5.html ) . 
  `` the official working week is supposed to be forty-eight hours but this is condensed into five days , not six . 
  on saturdays they must attend the workplace for education , primarily of a political and ideological nature . 
  it is said that the director general himself has to take a turn in the fields occasionally . 
  i am unable to say whether time spent in the fields is included in the basic working week , or if it is a `` voluntary '' extra . '', 
  i 'm not advocating that we should n't work , i 'm just saying that creating wealth it 's not that simple as working hard . 
  capital accumulation created today 's thriving economies , not labour in the fields ( that just helped in accumulating capital and financing industrial revolutions . 
  greece never had a real industrial revolution btw , and austerity now kills even large businesses ) . 
  making sure a machine builds a bmw correctly and working at a public sector office is of the same difficulty to me . 
  but in the end you ca n't export frape . 
  my bad , thought it was too recent, 
  i think that the situation is even more perplexed considering that the west part of ukraine prefers eu integration and the east is either neutral or pro-russian, 
  why not both ? 
  propaganda goes both ways . 
  edit : some people seem to forget [ eu ] ( http://euobserver.com/foreign/122358 ) meddling and nuland supporting yatsenyuk . 
  no , i 'm not saying yanukovich was n't corrupt and putin is a de facto dictator . 
  all i 'm saying is that the west is there for their own agenda involving gas/geopolitical reasons and does n't give two fucks about the citizens of ukraine . 
  uk has special status , it does n't mean that we will get the same . 
  `` figures released this week by the markit survey of purchasing managers -- a commonly used index of manufacturing activity -- indicated a sharp drop in factory production with the index for greece falling from 46.9 to 30.2 , its lowest ever reading . 
  july also saw the steepest drop in factory employment recorded for greece during more than 16 years of data collection by markit . '', 
  from f.t. 
  fyi this is june and does n't represent the effects of the capital controls . 
  july is the month that had record layoffs because of the capital controls . 
  or you know . 
  actually making sure that our creditors have now a reason to never let us recover even slowly in fear of the rest of the eurozone south disintegrating . 
  effectively canceling these hopes . 
   there might a referendum , but it will mean nothing if it is a pro troika decision lagarde already said they will return to the negotiations . 
  there is no reason not to . 
  careful there . 
  first thing i 've heard `` they will never let syriza govern '' second : `` they will never let us out of the euro '' so . . 
  truth is you are wrong . 
  truth is the * greek state * lost access to the markets because of the global liquidity crunch that lehman set off coupled with shit economy and shit financials . 
  truth is the greek banks had limited exposure at toxic bonds and that was partly the reason in 2008 that we thought greece was going to survive this easily . 
  truth is the greek state went bankrupt ( psi ) and greek banks lost a nice sum of money , therefore the state recapitalized them . 
  why did we do psi that you may ask . 
  because what really was the purpose of psi was to impose a haircut to french and german banks . 
  many people think that it was too little too late , that 's also probably true . 
   the greek government are writing up their tales of how it 's all the germans fault it 's already working it seems, 
   i want to make this clear . 
  greece is receiving loans . 
  no one is giving money away . 
  according to the german parliament , germany has earned $ 360 million from loans granted to us and that sums up the economic knowledge of syriza/anel . 
  k . what about the other half, 
   in case you were wondering why eu/imf were outraged at syriza winning office , the fact that they got blocked from buying up critical state infrastructure such as water and energy is the main reason negotiations have been so tense . 
  citation ? 
  syriza has stated countless times that the main disagreement is over pension/public sector slashes and mass layoffs, 
  or tsipras decides that he wants the euro , in that case he holds a referendum in which greeks choose the euro even if that means new harsh measures , at the same time he claims he did all he could .
