to be honest , they really should n't . 
  this will just create more hatred for the refugees . 
  but im sure hungary can ask the arabic gulf nations for that 120 mill . 
  lol i 'm unrespectful to little girls and british women because , let me guess , you think muslims will do something to little girls and british women ? 
  only literally 4 % of uk pop deems islam as a religion . 
  out of that amount , even if 1000 wanted shariah law ( most of them dont ) thats 0.0003 % wanting shariah law for uk . 
  in islam you must follow the rules on the country you abode in , thats the facts . 
  you make blanket states about poles in a positive light and then negative statement about muslims when i can list you criminals gangs on uk caught by the police who are polish . 
  i too can make people like animals just like you are , but i dont have an agenda . 
  you tar people with the same brush just as hitler did with jewish people in the 30s . 
  and most of them were polish so you should know better to tar a whole fcuking group of people because you seen 100 on the news acting a certain way . 
  you call me blind when all you see in your eyes are terrorist ? 
  even the 70 year old women and the babies ? 
  okay . 
  why am i wasting me time with someone that things all muslims are terrorists ? 
  that was the whole irony of me saying `` ye and polish can all fuk off back to poland because they are all here to take uk benefits '' . 
  thats the point . 
  all polish are not benefit seekers or racist right wing neo nazi . 
  just like all muslims arent terrorists . 
  too bad you fail to see irony . 
  im sad for you that you view on life and humans is that bad . 
  most of them are `` young rude males '' because in syria you have two options . 
  you either fight against your own people for assad or you fight for isis against assad and the people . 
  would you want to join assad or isis ? 
  would you join an army to kill your own people because they dont know any better and follow assad ? 
  they are rude because they know people like you think they are terrorist , but even still they are idiots for throwing food and water . 
  and btw most if not all of the polish immigrants came to uk for social `` benefits '' this includes jobs with better wage vs poland which is a `` benefit '' . 
  you talk about `` most terrorists are muslims '' when only a handful have committed the big crimes when one man in us can bomb and killing millions in iraq . 
  also islam has stated verbatim and in the qu ` ran that kill one man you kill the whole of humanity . 
  they are not muslims in the eyes of islam . 
  you can say you are . 
  with the jewish refugees some of them could have been german spys , you think that should have stopped them coming ? 
  and yes i would rather a refugee family come in my house than a knight of humanity like you , 
  thats the point . 
  youre equating the en masse syrians refugees directly as `` islamic terrorists '' because you think all muslims are terrorists rofl . 
  id let a syrian refugee family in my home any day before i give a penny to you . 
  and no im not a redditor for 2 days , i have an account from years ago . 
  in this right wing infested pig pen i choose to make an anon . 
  the problem is a generation of conservatives `` leading '' the country made sure we couldnt leave eu , and thats the sad truth . 
  even if cameron wanted to leave eu he couldnt , and nigel farage ( being an ex - banker or w/e the hell he was knows it too ) . 
  when out industry was destroyed , which is what makes an economy truly grow ( use land resources , or get resources / make product on shore , sell said product offshore and to public - think india , china and most of asia ) the conservatives changed us into a services driven economy . 
  thus being part of the eastern `` bloc '' was crucial . 
  uk basically become the bouncer for eu nightclub where the rest of the world had to access and pay a fee to him to get in so they could pimp all the hunnis in the nightclub ( with germany being the ceo ) . 
  that is literally how we are making our money , northern oil ( which scotland wants for itself 100 % ) , banking and services in accessing europe ( hence why a lot of car manufacturer made base here ) . 
  but recently theyve clocked on and are now moving to france and germany . 
  unless we get a government in which completely changes the way the uk operates we can not `` safely '' leave the eu . 
  the bouncer can only make money bouncing , unless he goes off and starts his own business making w/e ( drinks for example ) to sell to the nightclub . 
  we do this , but on a massively small scale . 
  we used to make the best cars on the level germany is making them now ... now those same companies are bankrupt or have been sold off to india / germany . . the first thing that needs to be done is lower the cost of living across the board and stop foreign acquisition of british assets so we can restart our industry again and start trading robustly with the world , instead of being its fucking tax haven / bank . 
  putting oil money doesnt do much in a bank . . putting it on multi million pound london houses , where the price will keep inflating does . 
  you cant get eu citizenship when seeking refuge . 
  yoiu are given refugee status which means you must stay in the country of which you claimed refuge . 
  you do not get auto right to go work / live in another country in europe just because you get asylum / refuge in one . 
  which tabloid did you read to make you that worried , btw ? 
  the sun or daily mail ? 
  thats the chariot of hypocrisy . 
  they think they `` belong '' in uk / ire because they are `` european '' and `` have a right '' . 
  but every human has a right to live where they want . 
  if poles dont like it , i will vote to leave eu and deport every pole i see myself . 
  just disgusting hypocrisy . 
  ye , thats fine , we dont want poles in uk to terrorise our lives too . 
  they can lick off back to where they came from if they behave like this to immigrants :d enjoy the irony of what i just said . 
  polish : `` no immigrants , but we want to be immigrants ourselves . '', 
  and you must be some kind of special also to not realise the bulk of them went to uk and usa , since `` israel '' did not exist pre-war , it was palestine . 
  but ive heard of some disturbing stories about the way polish are taught their history . 
  but you calling them `` migrants '' is pretty funny and doesnt surprise me . 
  and you think getting your women and children raped , chemically gassed and bombed from both the government , and fascist extremists ( isis ) cant compare to the gas chambers then you have a serious mental issue . 
  bomb your country and gas it and see you cry for help ? 
  oh wait , it already happened , and oh wait uk helped . 
  tbh just send the full refugees to poland , you have plenty of space since you dont mind going to france , ger , uk :d and by using your logic , polish are economic migrants . 
  so should we tell them to fuk off back to their country ? 
  really fuked a country which got the most help from others in the war , and has its people leaving in droves looking for '' better life '' can spawn people with shitpinions like yours zzz . 
  must take something real special , 
  100 % of the worlds humans have african origin , including you unless you believe you were warp-space teleported onto earth from an exoplanet . 
  and anyways , a lot of polish citizens have left their country , plenty of room left , 
  nope . 
  bg government is rife with corruption and treats their own people like shit . 
  you think they want to go to a country which treats their own like trash ? 
  lol . 
  that 's different entirely . 
  most of those places were heavily industrialised and used and major hubs for industry and cheap labour even in victorian times . 
  pre 1960s most of those places had poor / low levels of own house ownership as most were on the list for council housing and the majority of them were white working class english , with a few south asians spread thinly - but forming a local community - as labourers . 
  then everything changing when right to buy was allowed in the thatcher era . 
  those some white working class folk who could not afford their own houses en masse now not only could afford their own homes but sell them onward to make a profit ( whilst still being cheap to buy in comparison to `` upmarket '' areas ) . 
  where do you go to when youve lived in a council area for so long toiling and now have money ? 
  ofc you go to the more `` up to do '' . 
  now you have a large area of cheap housing with no one in it but in closed communities . 
  thats how most south asian migrants were able to afford cheap housing back then , and most stayed in those areas and obviously people will always go to where theres already a community they are accustomed to develop . 
  it helps settling in easier . 
  but im basically agreeing and supporting what you said by the way , ofc birds of the same feather flock together . 
  thats why you get neighbourhood which are predominately of one demographic and you literally drive 5-10mins away and you will find an area completely the opposite of another demographic . 
  ofc where people are the minority in a certain area , integration becomes a necessity in order to survive and become a productive member of that society . 
  but if that minority becomes the majority then integration is there by default and instead of conforming to the society of the land , you are already conformed to the micro-society of the area thus there is barely a chance . 
  why change when the condition are you are equivalent to those from whence you came ? 
  thats just the way humans work . 
  human beings will always adapt to the majority unless they have strong reasons against adapting otherwise . 
  i didnt suggest anything mate so jog on back to the goon squad . 
  i stated , clearly the majority of polish jewish refugees did not flee to countries where there were persecuted ( germany ) they went far away from the fight as possible , with some even managing to make it to america . 
  maybe if you open your eyes and read , and use your brain to think , `` do n't you ever dare again to suggest that the polish state had anything to with the violent persecution of the jews during the war . '', 
  - you would see that your opinion does not exist not can be extrapolated from my opinion .
