turkey is like a zoo itself , a human zoo . 
  sometimes i enjoy just sitting by the sea and watching people walk by . 
  its fun . 
  it doesnt matter what he says is his opinion or not . 
  its the 66th law or something , cant remember exactly . 
  the book says , roughly , anyone who is connected to the republic of turkey through citizenship is called a `` turk '' . 
  you can google it . 
  for us , turk is not an ethnicity , a nationality . 
  if only everyone knew that , we wouldnt have most of our problems today . 
  edit was for a forgotten word . 
  yea but youre not relevant to the zone from europe . 
  what you want will cause deaths in turkey . 
  believe me id want a country with western values on my southern boarder too but they will harbor terrorism in my country . 
  maybe west should push for ypg denouncing pkk to have ypg keep good relations with us . 
  it would be better for both sides . 
  just like krg in iraq . 
  but ypg loves pkk way too much and west hates turkey way too much to let this happen . 
  dude , turkey always said it wont tolerate a ypg corridor on its southern boarder . 
  considering ypg harbors pkk within , they are right with their interests . 
  seriously , we never denied targeting ypg . 
  we always denied the stupid reddit motto `` turks fight kurds so turks support isis '' pkk/ypg and isis are all enemy . 
  but since pkk has been damaging turkey for like 40 years now , you would understand they get the priority . 
  isis is a temporary problem , pkk is a long term one . 
  do some empathy and put yourself in our shoes , would you not do what we do ? 
  so what ? 
  the goal is liberation from isis right ? 
  people think ypg is fighting isis for the worlds sake , because they are angels . 
  they have their own agenda of claiming more lands . 
  just like every other side having their own agenda . 
  first time hearing something like this from malm\u00f6 , why is it not getting any media coverage ? 
  or do i keep missing these news ? 
  new york is rightful dutch clay . 
  gib new york !, 
  we are saying the same thing , again , its not block by block , there are voters of each party in every city . 
  map shows yellow everywhere and makes it look like akp is dominating everywhere , but the reason is , akp gets more ministers with , say % 40 of the votes in a city while the rest % 60 spreads out between other parties . 
  it doesnt mean akp has more than half of the votes in yellow shown cities . 
  like istanbul is shown yellow even tho akp is on % 48 in istanbul . 
  im just challenging the map , its not very informative . 
  come on levi , thats a shitty demo . 
  people will think like yellow areas are % 100 akp . 
  its just colored yellow cus they gained more ministers than other parties . 
  there are seculars , religious and pro kurdish voters in every city , just the ratio changes . 
  which , that map fails to deliver . 
  edit was for hitting the send button early , im an idiot , 
  ofc it isnt a threat , just like eu countries are no threats either . 
  people need to remove the `` millitary action '' possibility from their heads . 
  no war will happen , its like , people have forgotten what war is , getting bloodthirsty so easily . 
  what i meant was , nato losing its 2nd largest army when i talked about the size of turkeys army . 
  since the question is removing turkey from nato , an organization thats basically created against russia ... see where im going , its not wise mate ... also yes , economic sanctions would hurt turkey the most indeed . 
  it would be the ultimate punishment . 
  turkeys economy is already very fragile . 
  people should vote , yes , for the country they live in . 
  1 vote per person , not 1 vote per citizenship . 
  people shouldnt vote for a place they dont reside in , period . 
  like others said , turkeys location , the size of her army ... etc. 
  both would get harmed but europe would get harmed more as the enemy line comes closer from turkey-syria to greece-turkey , no buffer zone left . 
  these classic reddit arguements are just silly . 
  you wan na do something ? 
  find a way to block the votes of those turkish citizens in europe , those who hold double citizenship . 
  erdo will sure pull like % 90 votes from europe . 
  plus he will just milk this situation internally . 
  this just sucks . 
  noone gives a damn about the ascension . 
  you wan na hurt erdogan , find a way to block the vote ballots in europe . 
  because especially after these events , he will milk this situation so bad . 
  dude already gets the big majority of the votes in europe . 
  prevent those votes ffs . 
  its so damn lame that peoole get to vote for a country they dont live in . 
  i was also writing about this then i saw your post . 
  this is clearly agenda-pushing thread if the op knows the link and title he provided is taken out of context and it reflects only 1 side of the arguement between kammenos and \u00c7avu\u015fo\u011flu . 
  even the stuff he said are mistranslated . 
  it 's infuriating to see people buy these biased stuff . 
  i mean look at the comments and upvotes . 
  i thought r/european is back on reddit and im there for a second . 
  what a shame ... edit : wording, 
  you cant go around promoting democracy and freedom then suggest killing a democratically elected leader . 
  turks act like a herd , keep requiring a strong man figure ( shepard ) in the lead i give you that but indivudually everyones free . 
  stop judging countries based on the stuff media feeds you mate . 
  oh my bad then , id join you on that 3rd option as well , it was pretty much like south park 's giant douche or turd sandwich dilemma in the end . 
  probably the choice of the word `` fair '' is wrong in his comment i think , even tho im guessing he meant the diversity of choice by that . 
  and yea , oppostion f * ckin sucks in turkey . 
  erdo is gathering the right side under his umbrella while his opponents split into different parties . 
  my opinion for turkeys resolution is a new party that would shatter erdo 's block in the right . 
  stop contradicting yourself mate . 
  because theres no party limit in turkey . 
  i think trump had some anti hilary votes cus they had no any other option . 
  in turkey , erdo won in a game where theres % 10 vote treshold . 
  which is still stupidly high in my opinion . 
  4 main parties could pass the treshold to get in to the parliment . 
  yea , they reproduce like bunnies too and your government should do something about it . 
  trying to hit me with my nationality wont do much . 
  i acknowledge that we are like a plague for europe . 
  our immigrants are actually worse than what we have in turkey . 
  first , truth hurts ? 
  same goes for the most turks in anatolia . 
  people who cant even provide for themselves , keep popping out children like theres no tomorrow , thinking `` god would show me a way '' and i become the asshole for saying `` they reproduce like bunnies '' . 
  second , sorry , i just realized i misread the title . 
  like wise mate . 
   reporting the truth . 
  source is a villager talking on phone , then sending photos .
