  i do n't really understand it . 
  are you referring to putin ? 
  maybe orb\u00e1n started to buddy with him and with china because they got not else from eu leaders but criticism . 
  rtl and tv2 , the two biggest channels was always very liberal . 
  i think it is still today , but i have n't watched tv for years so not totally sure . 
  i do n't like gay parade support , heavy women-men `` equality '' movements , high degree of feminism , welcoming economic migrants . 
  mostly these . 
  nobody gives us free money . 
  they get several benefits , which includes . 
  they operate in our country easily , by exploiting the cheap labour . 
  they can brain drain people easily . 
  the brain drained people were educated by hungarian tax payers money , and western countries just get them instatly without an eur paid to them . 
  western countries can get access to our markets . 
  we buy their stuff . 
  you can not be that blind to belive that western countries are so good to us , that they give us free money , even if orb\u00e1n was against brussels for like 7 years , yet money still flowing . 
  so two things might happen . 
  western leaders are the supidest people on the earth because they fund ungreatful countries ... or they get very good benefits by funding other countries . 
  luckily europe subreddit does not represent the avg hungarians . 
  orb\u00e1n is cool , the socialist party was an opressor party , yet they did not get criticizm from west . 
  this . 
  hungary is democratic . 
  regarding biased media . 
  it has been biased toward left while there were left leaders . 
  why we did not have critisizer from western countries at that time ? 
  we were opressed pretty much that time and no one cared in the west . 
  ( police shot people in the eye by rubber bullets ) . 
  i read mostly left media on reddit and internet , not watching any tv at all , so i do n't even meet with orb\u00e1n 's propaganda . 
  i still support him . 
  do n't assume only brainwashed people vote for orb\u00e1n . 
  previously the socialist and liberals had hegemony over the mainstream media ( still for some ) , yet they lost election after elections, 
  i do n't really follow his rethoric nowadays . 
  he supports the values i suport ( family , work based society , and illiberal ) . 
  i speak fluenty english , read mostly english material , have a high paying job . 
  i still support him . 
  do n't assume that it is only the uneducated people who support orb\u00e1n . 
  orb\u00e1n is the best leader we got since i have born . 
  that is why people have voted for orb\u00e1n . 
  people are sick of these liberals who have governed our country . 
  hungary is free democracy . 
  orb\u00e1n have won 2 times in a row by votes , and probably he will win for the 3rd time . 
  i do n't like when hungarians move out of my country , especially the educated ones , especially those who have been funded by my tax money . 
  well that is quality comment , i will check the sources you have provided . 
  i understand your point and know what you are talking about . 
  what i wanted to imply that we would not have any very significant issue if france left the eu . 
  maybe the name would be changed , there would be some issues , but the union would still keep moving . 
  what i have said previously `` i am not sure if this is a good thing '' i did not make any decision to buy from russia or france . 
  what i was pointing out that if western eu keeps being hostile against hungary then hungary will slowly stop buying western stuff and buy eastern stuff instead . 
  we are buying your stuff since we have joined in 2004 . 
  we are providing you cheap educated labour since 2004 . 
  people who were trained by hungarian tax payers money just to migrate to west the first year they graduated . 
  you have an aging problem , we have educated professionals for free and they are more than happy with lower salary than what is the normal in germany for their profession . 
  so i am not sure what is the problem with hungary . 
  orban `` closes '' ceu ? 
  how does it affect germany earnings ? 
  orban is `` dictator '' ? 
  well he is not at all , but still it does not affect germany earnings . 
  the only concern would be that eu wants to dump migrants to our country , when we were against them from day one and even built a fence from hungarian taxpayers money . 
  we were only criticized for it , while merkel was welcoming the migrants . 
  now merkel just want to dump her migrants here ? 
  russia is repairing the russian metro trains currently which was done by them . 
  we got the other metro trains actually from france a few years ago . 
  now the decision was to deal with russia instead of france . 
  what eu is doing currently is alienating hungary from the eu and we start to deal a lot more with russia . 
  i am not sure if this is a good thing , but your propaganda against us has consequences . 
  anyway , i have read that russia is getting better food industry because they could not import foods because of the recent sanctions . 
  also do n't forget china . 
  they have lot of stuff and they are also expanding slowly in hungary . 
  that make sense . 
  i misinterpreted it at first . 
  edit : actually i just got triggered really fast , as lot of people think we are just parazites of eu , while in reality both western eu and us get benefits from cooperation . 
  good point . 
  both rich and poor countries would be fucked . 
  rich countries would have lower min wage and poor countries would have too high . 
  there will be still a union . 
  would it be different ? 
  of course . 
  would it better or worse ? 
  i have no idea we have a small union within the eu called visegr\u00e1d group . 
  the northern countries have their own group as far as know . 
  you should not judge whole countries based on some commenters here at reddit . 
  this subreddit contains mostly young liberal people . 
  the majority of poland is probably not that liberal . 
  and i can tell you that majority of hungary is not that liberal also what you can see from commenters here . 
  germany is a big beneficary as well . 
  we buy your stuff in aldi and lidl and cars etc. 
  without the eu we would probably buy russian stuff . 
  or just levy high taxes on germany imports and make our own industry . 
  you ca n't say we are the biggest beneficiaries when you are benefiting even more . 
  `` because we are n't in the same camp '' we are in the same camp . 
  what western liberals writes about us ( hungary ) is the same bullshit what it writes about your country , probably . 
  `` collect corporate taxes at the european level '' i do n't see it as a good idea . 
  in hungary there are a lot of companies here , because they get favourable taxes . 
  if there is no reason for them to come here there will be a lot of unemployed people , maybe myself too . 
  uk had some senses . 
  every time in history people protected what is theirs . 
  i do n't see why it should be different in 2017 . 
  i just came to paris for work and seen a lot of tents under a small bridge and people was chatting outside these tents . 
  they seemed like young migrants . 
  `` basically decent minimal salary everywhere in the eu '' that would be awesome . 
  what do you think would be decent ?
