croatian president said a lot of bad things about orb\u00e1n ( hungary ) , because we did n't let in migrants . 
  wtf is wrong with the croatian president ? 
  ( just like hungary was or still ), 
  i am glad they do n't want to live here, 
  from my previous comment : `` however , the arena is not that useful , i agree . '', 
  and no , i do n't even want a single huf go to migrants . 
  i agree that a lot of needs to be done in the east . 
  i just wanted to point out that the metro line is not a waste of money . 
  it is good thing . 
  yeah maybe it was really expensive like every single project carried out by the government , but at least it is working . 
  you can take 800 000 migrants , if you wish, 
  i agree that a lot have to be done in eastern hungary . 
  i do n't have data , but from my life experience i am pretty sure that the the citizens of budapest pay more taxes because the average salary is much higher in the capital city . 
  it makes sense to me to help the residents to get to their work more easily . 
  if they stop developing budapest , a lot of educated people will just flee from the whole country to the west . 
  i have worked in the uk , and the only reason i wo n't leave this country because i like my city ( budapest ) . 
  and i am contributing much more by taxes than the average or median citizen in hungary . 
  the new metro line has started several years before orban . 
  he just finished it . 
  it is useful , and he should repair the m3 metro line as well . 
  however , the arena is not that useful , i agree . 
  this is the single most important thing to remember , yet majority of people does n't even thought about the implications of automation . 
  man , it is easy to give advises from the usa . 
  i have seen the migrants with my own eyes in the capital city and the are 80 % young male . 
  how do they supposed to increase birth rate ? 
  rape every hungarian woman ? 
  they do n't even speak english and ofc they are not speaking hungarian . 
  our government is already promoting a child birth policy . 
  with this policy you can take more home from your gross salary which is a good start . 
  i am a simple guy . 
  i do not understand why germany says they are welcoming migrants , then they want to relocate to other countries . 
  the one who invited them should take care of them . 
  origo and index are one of the most popular online media in hungary . 
  index is one of the most prominent liberal site . 
  i understand what you said . 
  however , have you seen these people with your own eyes ? 
  because i have seen and i also read international articles . 
  lot of times my own impression and the impression gained from the these articles were not quite the same . 
  i care about it and most of the people who voted for orb\u00e1n care as well . 
  anyway i care about the things you mentioned as well , like crime . 
  that is what is strange on the internet for me . 
  i 've seen hundreds of them with my own eyes and they were around 85 % 18-30 years old male . 
  it was hard to find women , even harder to find children, 
  because it encourages that the woman should make a career and not think about family . 
  the fertility rate in germany is around 1.3 and it should be 2.1 . 
  the islam and gypsy women does n't want career and they have a lot of children and soon there will be more of them than white west people . 
  especially if merkel invites them, 
  what is this bullshit article ? 
  i do n't know much about trump , but he seems not bad . 
  anyway , i really liked the west , but nowadays not . 
  and not because of trump , but because of the liberal politics . 
  because the pro migration , because merkel invited the refugees and now wants to allocate to other countries . 
  because liberal swedish politicans says that there is no difference in girl and boy except the visible body ( wtf ? ), 
  because , as far as i know , in france for example a father can not do a paternity test legally , and have to raise another man 's child . 
  what the hell is that . 
  the west with it 's liberal politics will go away , because it is against evolution and against common sense . 
  i wish i could earn 18,7 / hour omg, 
  in hungary , a lot of people were talking about migrants since summer . 
  i can not comprehend how germans are not talking about this issue , at least until now ? 
  lol you ( germany , merkel ) wanted the migrants . 
  we did n't say we welcome them , but the german politicans did . 
  waterpolo, 
  realizing how beautiful the young women in my country after coming back from north england . 
  i did not want to harrass anyone , but this my number one reverse-culture shock, 
  wtf is happening there ? 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  `` there have already been over 200 attacks on refugee centres in germany this year alone . '', 
  it 's from an article from 26 august http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/europes-migrant-crisis-arson-attack-suspected-refugee-camp-germany-burnt-down-1517066 what happened in hungary ? 
  how many camps have been attacked ? 
  there was an incident when a tv reporter made a migrant fall down . . yeah it turned out that this migrant was associated with isis earlier . 
  he is living in a better place than many people in my country :d, 
  good news . 
  these migrants wo n't rape our daughters and women . 
  who carea if it is selfish ? 
  we need to take care of our own people . 
  why should we accept refugees if we built a fence from our own money to keep them away and we have other hungarians who need that money . 
  also we are heavily taxed . 
  do i need to be taxed even more just to feed those freeriders ? 
  lol what ? 
  interesting , i will definitely going to think about these, 
  we had the other side . 
  the media was in the hand of left . 
  now it is in the hand of right . 
  it does n't seem different for me . 
  whoever wins the elections , controls most of the media . 
  it is like this all over the world as far as i understand . 
  i do n't really understand the freedom of religion . 
  there are several jewis churches in budapest , i have seen some muslim girls in that full body clothes as well . 
  i also do n't understand the freedom of travel . 
  i can travel anywhere i want and i do n't know anyone who can not . 
  i am happy that there is less liberal thinking in government . 
  liberalism did n't bring any good to hungary, 
  we have other metro lines , which are perfect . 
  that one on the picture is the worst picture could be taken from that line . . 
  i agree that line is not good , however that is under improvement currently at least . 
  i am not arguing whether orb\u00e1n and fidesz party is perfect or not . 
  however , i can say everything is better since the ruling party is fidesz . 
  my district in budapest had enormous development since fidesz . 
  budapest is looking much better than what i 've seen from london . 
  at least orb\u00e1n has values ( family , protecting borders , work ethic ) .
