  the governments before fidesz valued giving free money to gypsies and they did n't value the family . 
  i am sure that the liberals would n't had balls nor intention to build fences and close the borders and keep migrants away . 
  edit : formatting, 
  actually i feel sad for those germans who did n't want all these migrants from the beginning . 
  first i thought germany deservers this , but i realized that there must be at least some people who did n't want that all . 
  at least my ruling party and prime minister had some senses and built a wall . 
  edit : typo, 
  thank you for explaining . 
  not against you , but if this university is top at one subject , it still does n't make the best university of hungary . 
  `` which is also the best university of the country in this case '' which ranking are you referring to ? 
  i have never heard this statement before . 
  there are pretty big and successful universities already , elte , bme , corvinus , semmelweis etc this list does n't even contain ceu : https://www.topuniversities.com/university-rankings/eeca-rankings/2016#sorting=rank+region=+country=169+faculty=+stars=false+search, 
  what ? 
  what you say if fundamentally flawed . 
  if the politicans we vote for does n't do what we want , then they will never get voted again . 
  they ca n't ignore the people here , because they wo n't have job . 
  maybe if eu forces stuff on us which we do n't want and the politicans bend to it we will vote for a radical party and get out of eu . 
  it can happen after brexit . 
  i am not saying that is the right way . 
  what i am saying that eu ca n't force us anything , unless they come with tanks . 
  croatia critisied us for building a wall . 
  maybe they should have done the same ? 
  also germany and other big nations should have helped to secure the borders ... 
  i genuinely do n't understand what you want to say . 
  we have built wall at the eu border . 
  we did everything . 
  we built wall with our money , we ordered police to our borders with our money . 
  there is nothing more we need to do . 
  if someone does not care to vote or ca n't decide , you ca n't force them . 
  their opinion does not matter in that case . 
  also turnout is quite high in uk than in some other countries . 
  why the fuck hungary should take immigrants ? 
  we are against it from day 1 . 
  we even built a wall . 
  we were heavily criticized because the wall . 
  the criticizers should take the immigrants . 
  when the immigrants started to flood to eu , germany , sweden and other nations should have come to eu borders to defend it . 
  they still do nothing to defend the borders . 
  we were trying to defend the eu , then why we should take them ? 
  yes and destroying the christian culture ? 
  not exactly . 
  it is probably not too similar . 
  germany christian conservatives take a lot of muslims , while fidesz-kdnp does not . 
  `` like apart from the limiting freedom thing '' anyway i never really understood this one . 
  previously most media was controlled by left . 
  they wanted to close some right webpages as well . 
  orb\u00e1n does n't do any exceptional , he just wants to have the media in his hand . 
  this can be seen in most country . 
  the media is usually in the ruling party 's hand . 
  in sweden and germany you see mostly left media . 
  it was the same in hungary . 
  nowadays , you finally can see the other side as well . 
  for me and for probably a lot of people who voted for orb\u00e1n , orb\u00e1n does n't limit freedom , instead give freedom . 
  there was multiple attempts to integrate hungarians from nearby countries . 
  they were heavily against of these attempts . 
  when orb\u00e1n came into force , he made it easier to hungarians from other countries to have chance to live in hungary . 
  there was two big parties in hungary after soviet occupation . 
  mszp which was the former communist party , and fidesz ( orb\u00e1n ) the other big . 
  what mszp did was take a huge amount of loan and gave a lot of them to people who did n't work . 
  also had a lot of taxes on `` high '' incomes . 
  what i mean high now is way below the minimal wage in western eu . 
  what orb\u00e1n did is reduced the spending , reduced the loan outstanding . 
  reduced the money spent on people , instead he promoted a culture where you earn money by working , not buy waiting for the government . 
  they lowered the tax on higher incomes . 
  higher incomes still lower than the western minimal wage ... orb\u00e1n also promotes families with children and they get tax reduction for children . 
  so it promotes the people who earn some money to have children , instead of uneducated gypsies ( they were promoted by the previous party ) . 
  also orb\u00e1n is heavily against migrants , which is very important for me and for majority of hungarian people . 
  he also wants to preserve the hungarian culture , while the left parties wanted to shatter the hungarian identity . 
  orb\u00e1n also promotes christian values . 
  while i do n't belive in god , but i think christian values are good and part of our culture . 
  orb\u00e1n also do n't really care about gays etc , and this is big plus , because most of the left parties promotes gays , trans etc. 
  which is very annoying to a lot of people in hungary . 
  agreed . 
  left is cancer, 
  there is no alternative , so i will keep voting on him until someone better comes, 
  what hungary case ? 
  we did n't really do much against the eu . 
  girls can afford to be vegan , because they do n't have that much muscle . 
  a fully developed man ( somewhat muscular ) has to eat a tons of quality protein . 
  while there are some exceptions who do well without animal , it is much more easier to just eat meat . 
  i am fine in my country . 
  i just do n't like where western eu is heading . 
  at least russia has some sense . 
  wish more europen countries think like this . 
  government companies may offer more yes , but normally you do n't get much salary there . 
  international companies where the bigger bucks are . 
   the ones with skills in demand already have negotiated fair contracts without any kind of minimal limit . 
  i have good skills , but never ever heard anyone in hungary got more vacation days than it was required by law . 
  i want more than 20-21 ... 
  can you help me ? 
  i am going to go to paris for a week first time to audit people from the workplace ( which mean they wo n't like me ) . 
  i heard that i will have translator , because in the paris office people do n't speak english . 
  can you give me a one short sentence business greeting in french which i can use , so people will hate me a little bit less ? 
  when i was working in the uk i could buy lot of food cheaper than in my country . 
  it is funny when considering that a very nice salary in hungary is the same as the minimal wage in the uk . 
  and in the uk it is taxed much much lower . 
  i have never understood how the hell anyone can mix you 're with your . 
  similar case with then and than . 
  `` it makes me feel like i am an employee in a france-themed theme park and that my job is to help you . '', 
  it is interesting .
