  when i was working in the uk for a summer i used winter jacket several times . 
  i have seen black people in a very hot restaurant wearing winter jacket . 
  wow . 
  28 c is nothing spectacular in budapest . 
  i hope we wo n't get 38 c this year . 
  hopefully it will stay as it is for east . 
  gay couples without child will be replaced by islams soon in the west . 
  doomed west ( migration + gays ) , proud east . 
  i hope hungary will never support it . 
  i certainly wo n't vote to any party that supports gay marriage . 
  i have seen somewhat similar recently in hungary in the middle of fucking nowhere . 
  no one wants to live in a place like this . 
  people lives in cities where there are people and jobs or less dense places with a big house and a huge garden . 
  hungary was always on the verge on being overrun . 
  ottoman empire , then austria , then nazi germany , then communist soviet . 
  we are not looking for invaders anymore thank you . 
  if you are a liberal who wants open border it is bad . 
  if you are a usual eu citizen who just wants to preserve your culture then nothing wrong with it . 
  the liberals of eu who wants to destroy the christian eu , by letting huge numbers of muslim in . 
  everyone should be shot who is entering illegally to eu . 
  do you want to enter the eu ? 
  there is a legal way , which starts with applying for a refugee status . 
  why do some politicians needs two years and fuck up the entire eu , before even considering the most sensible solution ? 
  at least hungary reacted quickly and closed the eu borders, 
  i can telephone with my mobile plan as well . 
  i just can not think of a person who telephones for 16.7 hours a month and uses a lot of internet as well . 
  not true . 
  hungary is very small compared to germany and we dub everything . 
  why 1000 mins even requirement for the graph ? 
  i use mobile internet every day several hours , but only call other people for max 5 mins each month . 
  what did she fuck up to make young people go vote ? 
  yes in hungary at least : `` hungary referendum : 98 per cent of voters say ` no ' to eu migrant quotas '' http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/10/02/hungary-votes-no-to-migrant-quotas-polls-suggest---but-what-does/, 
  okay , lets talk about hungary only , because that is what i am familiar with . 
  we tried to prevent migrants to enter our country . 
  we could not prevent everyone , therefore they entered illegally to our country . 
  that is invader in my glossary . 
  eastern europeans went to uk because one of the main point of eu was free movement in between countries . 
  uk was part of it . 
  they feel they do n't want that anymore and leaving the eu , that is their decision . 
  eastern europeans were not invaders in uk because they had legal right to be in uk . 
  migrants did not have legal right to be in hungary , without the proper procedure . 
  if migrants start to entering hungary , by doing the proper registration procedure and they get accepet they are no longer invaders and have every right to enter the country . 
  i do n't understand why should we care about some other races when tax payers in our country ca n't even live a normal life . 
  hungary , poland and czech . 
  which country will become the fourth ? 
  they are invading europe illegally !, 
  who cares if they drown ? 
  they can try the legal way and they may get accepted without any risk of drowning . 
  it is not really about mental capacity , but growing up with technology . 
  personal anecdote . 
  i had computer from around age of 8 maybe . 
  i have spent countless hours making things work ( installing , troubleshoot etc. ), 
  i got somewhat tech savvy because the time spent . 
  you can not just give a computer to a 50 + , who does not care about it and except him to be tech savvy in 6 months . 
  they need to spend large amount of time , and can be frustrating if they have responsibilities with minimal free time . 
  ( not like young ppl who have so much free time ), 
  i would not move out of budapest , hungary , anytime in the foreseeable future . 
  i do n't know what you are implying that we need to survive here , but i am glad you do n't live with us . 
  me as well . 
  growing up i always wanted to work in the rich west . 
  maybe in uk , nordics or germany . 
  i have been in some western countries and read the news . 
  i am 25 now , living in budapest and do not want to leave this country anytime soon . 
  me as well . 
  growing up i always wanted to work in the rich west . 
  maybe in uk , nordics or germany . 
  i have been in some western countries and read the news . 
  i am 25 now , living in budapest and do not want to leave this country anytime soon . 
  i copy my other comment . 
  `` i do exactly the same things what used to be done in uk before the crisis . 
  now the company operates in lower cost countries . 
  so i do as efficiently as uk people did and earn much much less money . 
  ( although it is still good money compared to other alternatives in my country ) '', 
  i do exactly the same things what used to be done in uk before the crisis . 
  now the company operates in lower cost countries . 
  so i do as efficiently as uk people did and earn much much less money . 
  ( although it is still good money compared to other alternatives in my country ), 
  wish i did n't have to be in my workplace for 45 hours a week ( 40 hours work , 5 hours unpaid lunch ) being there for 36 hours ( 32 work , 4 unpaid lunch ) from monday-thursday would be more than enough . 
  lets just allocate migrants to other countries , where terrorist attack have not really happened in the past . 
  what could go wrong ?? 
  city of 2 million, 
  indeed . 
  i am somewhat okay with partnership , but definitely no to gay marriage . 
  why do western countries wants to redistribute these migrants ? 
  oh because they are as much `` racist '' as poland . 
  if they are not racist just keep those migrants happily . 
  that is what lot of people do n't understand . 
  we ca n't let a precedent happen at all . 
  it will never ever stop . 
  why does germany wants the eu if it just wants to destroy it ? 
  do n't forget hungary, 
  because eu wants to weaken national identity , so they can rule over hungarian and polish citizens and this way the prime ministers of these countries will have much less power . 
  see ? 
  this is exactly how western media works about our country . 
  what i have said is what i have read somewhere . 
  ( it was not orb\u00e1n propaganda ) what western people say about hungary is what they have read somewhere . 
  you are saying it is not true what i am saying . 
  i say that most the western media says about hungary is not true either . 
  thanks . 
  funny how eu talks about rule of law , when they are exactly against it .
