  first we are a major defensive line against russian aggression . 
  if we eastern eu is not in eu , then probably we will be with russians , and you have any enemy just at your neighbor . 
  also we train a lot of doctors , who just migrate to west . 
  they were trained by hungarian tax payers money . 
  you not only get people for free , they are even more eager to work hard . 
  also we , east are a big buyer of west stuff . 
  the biggest importer to hungary is germany . 
  probably it is similar in other eastern countries . 
  who would you send your stuff if we just do partnership with russians instead ? 
  your countries are rich because you exploit us . 
  i do the exact same kind of jobs , which have been done previously in western countries , however for much lower salary . 
  we just a huge cheap workforce to you , so you can continue to grow even further . 
  well you are not exactly exploiting us , because you give some of it back to us . 
  so do n't act like we are some charity case . 
  eu is a mutually beneficial collaboration . 
  just think about uk what you have said . 
  they thought east is just problem for them and uk is just spending the money on them . 
  well it is not the case as you said and uk is suffering . 
  if you do n't want to leave with us , then vote to leave the eu so your country will not have to pay a cent to the cheap labour east . 
  lol why not you get out of the eu if you do n't want to live with us ? 
  :d uk is leaving , any western country can leave . 
  yeah we are very different . 
  western eu is actively destroying the continent , especially the germans , three times in a row . 
  while my nation defended the westerns with their blood against ottoman and russia , buddy . 
  europe is christian and the main religion is christian . 
  europe culture comes from christian values . 
  when the migrants starts live with christian values we will consider them as integrated . 
  they probably never going to do that . 
  well that is even more concerning considering we have just imported millions of migrants , who wo n't integrate , but instead have a higher chance to be terrorist 30 years later . 
  what the hell does it have to do with us going back to asia ? 
  we came here more than 1000 years ago , not 2 years ago . 
  we very soon became christians but muslims did not became christians , because they are muslims . 
  what do you mean by slow ? 
  life was never fair , just open a history book . 
  if hungarians were raping women and attacking romanians with knives and also detonating bombs , then i would personally ban these people from entering hungary as well . 
  ( well i do n't have the authority but i have one vote :d ), 
  well i do n't really care about entering germany or other countries who do n't like people who just want to preserve the european culture . 
  you can ban me if you wish . 
  we are in the same group , called european union . 
  these migrants are not from eu . 
  if they have born in eu and raised in eu ofc they enter wherever they want to enter . 
  your example is not comparable to the situation we have . 
  well i understand that the law is currently like that . 
  in this case the law should be altered . 
  the owner has the right to say who enters his building . 
  when you own a house you can say that you wo n't let people enter . 
  not too bad , should be a bit lower tho . 
  i do n't understand your comment . 
  i can have as much opinion as anyone else in democracy . 
  from your comment it seems to me you imply that `` sexism '' is bad . 
  there are clear distinctions between sexes . 
  and in dire times on average male leader deal better with the situation . 
  not always , but in this case it is clear merkel is not someone who will better my future . 
  i do n't understand what happened in those previous 2 years ? 
  when migrants started to pour in to hungary , orb\u00e1n quickly made walls from hungarian taxpayers ' budget . 
  we did not wait 2 years until our country is totally ruined . 
  why italy did not act quickly ? 
  are the leaders of italy and several eu states ' are that incompetent ? 
   funny actually because germany is still 1 . one of the most liked countries in the world according to what ? 
  what i have found with a quick google search , canada is the top and germany is the 16th . 
  also it does not matter if japan likes germany , if all of the european countries hate it . 
  germany is not living with those international relations , just because they import some cars there , instead they live with their neighbors . 
   it will sound harsh but he should be put in jail . 
  why is it harsh ? 
  he has entered several countries illegally . 
  in some countries where the leader has some balls you get a headshot for entering illegally . 
  this is the absolute minimum to put these criminals to jails . 
  single arab terrorist vs germany , who almost conquered the world ? 
  germany is a pussy nation . 
  that is what happens when you give power to an old and childless woman . 
  these old and childless women have different view on the world . 
  for keeping your nation afloat you need to have families who bear children . 
  this childless old woman do n't think family is important , rather she import young criminal males from vastly different culture . 
  at least the islam people knows that family is important ... 
  hungarian tax payers . 
  he is very popular . 
  he won two terms in a row , and if elections would happen today , he would win a third one as well . 
  the elections will happen in 2018 . 
  what the foreign liberal media writes about him is usually very exaggerated . 
   i 'd say vast majority of the incomers are just after financial gain you have worded it like it is forbidden to say something like this and you are not quite sure about your opinion . 
  of course they are mostly for financial gains . 
  the blue one is the important , as that means that west is losing jobs while east getting them . 
  source : i am working in a uk company and 1400 of other people in my country . 
  that is 1400 finance and account jobs not happening in the uk . 
  there are so many outsourced jobs like this and my team just got 5 another full time positions to fill . 
  i agree . 
  my response was not just directed to you , but the other 20 something comments i read before writing . 
  eastern europe being in eu is the first line of defence against russian/china influence and aggression . 
  also eastern europe buys the stuff from western companies . 
  kick us from eu and you will suffer as well . 
  i never understood why media writes about leaver brits as stupid people , who willingly makes themselves poorer . 
  i am in hungary and i earn fraction of what i would earn in gb . 
  however i still have a somewhat satisfying life . 
  even if the british salaries are going to be halved they would still earn more money than us . 
  if other countries would try to force me to live how i do n't want to live , it might happen that i would vote for leave , while knowing that i will earn less . 
  it was much worse when we had ex communist parties ruling . 
  yeah it is only containing some of the western countries . 
  there are 27 countries in eu and more in europe continent . 
  just look at hungary . 
  in budapest there are around 2million people ( with the people who are not residents exactly here , but live here ) and the second largest is with 200k only .
