  whenever someone ask me anything in english in my country , i always get excited and as i can see , people usually give extra effort to help english speaking people , so i think they get excited too . 
  it is not lie that i do not want to see gay people married . 
   also i think i have read more researches than you based on your response above . 
  and not wikipedia and some articles on business insider but full actual researches . 
  maybe it is not learned but inherited . 
  you did n't provide source , neither i. i am not sure it is easily reaserched . 
  i have learned statistics and i know that most of the researches are bullshit . 
  if it is inherited 100 \u2105 i do n't want people give in their urges . 
  lets say i will have a son . 
  he inherited something . 
  if he never hears about gays he will probably marry a nice girl and make children . 
  if everybody celebrates gay people he will probably marry a guy and i do n't even want to think about it . 
  i have no problem with gay people if they do it in secret . 
  my problem is in my country the fertility rate is 1.3 , which is really low , considering the 2.1 children per woman is needed to not lose members of our civilizations . 
  the problem with gay marriage and gay festivals and anything gay what is public is some people will start to be gay . 
  i believe if no one accepts gay people then there will be less gay people overall . 
  if everybody celebrates them , then there will be more because some early 20s will think it is so cool . 
  so my problem is not with a specific gay person , but the celebration of being gay , because it will further reduce procreation . 
  governments should support procreation instead of gay who will not have children . 
  i do n't like some group of people in europe , mostly the economic migrants , because what they do in our countries . 
  i think they are mostly muslims and i do not have problems with any muslim who does n't come to my country to leech other people . 
  in fact i think the whole islam is interesting . 
  while there are a lot of incidents in my country carried out by gypsy , i do n't hate every gypsy , i am just careful with them until they somewhat prove that they act in accordance with law . 
  ~ ~ sadly ~ ~ luckily his/her view is wildly accepted in hungary, 
  reddit is full of transsexuals , gays and liberals . 
  do n't take their down vote personally . 
  i do n't believe in any god but i do n't like gays, 
  nice answer for a silly argument . 
  glad to be from hungary as well . 
  your country fared better than mine but mine is still acceptable . 
  so letting even more migrants into eu is the solution instead of stopping them ? 
  i remember austria criticized us when the migrants were mostly in our country and not in the west . 
  after a few months when migrants went to austria/germany , the criticism stopped . 
  why is it bad ? 
  why is considered bad that people want to protect their home ? 
   no , no , i mean if europe is accepting muslims due to multiculturalism it is not really true . 
  some countries accept it , some not . 
  i 'd rather have russians in my country than muslims . 
  i remember when austrian politicians heavily criticized my country because we did not want to let the migrants in . 
  man you are cancer . 
  you started the whole debate by suggesting invading my fucking country . 
  you just ca n't stop arguing and saying bad things . 
  liberals like you ruin the whole world . 
  we xenophobic people just want a nice place for our family , but people like you want nothing but anger people . 
  edit : i bet you do n't behave like this in real life . 
  i imagine you are a coward in real life . 
  you ca n't be like this , because someone would actually kick your ass if you actually behave like this . 
  live your brave internet life , but try this manner in real life at least one time and see the reaction from other xenophobic people . 
  what ? 
  you are getting a lot of free market from us . 
  you got a lot of educated people left our country to work in your country . 
  we paid for their training and you reap the benefits . 
  if it was not advantegous to germany i am 100 % sure we would never be in eu in the first place . 
  you are just giving us some money , so we can be beneficial for you longer . 
  do n't forget that your ancestors killed millions of jews . 
  you are dumber than i thought you are . 
  do n't tell me what i have seen . 
  i have stated previously , that the ratios may be different in your migrant camp . 
  then you linked me a picture without any word on it . 
  i can make this picture in 2 minutes . 
   but not , they are 85 % young troublemaker males . 
   no , well , you know , there are facts and figures that show the exact opposite what are those facts and figures ? 
  i have seen articles stating that they are above 80 % male . 
  anyway , i have seen it with my own two eyes and they were 85 % male . 
  i do n't know , maybe in your refugee camp it is different but i have seen at least a thousand shouting and angry refugees wanting to go the germany and they were 85 % males . 
  also it is shameful that you help to fuck up your own country and you are proud of it . 
  it is okay , we should no longer debate because we will never convince each other . 
  uk is leaving eu , i think you can agree that it is voted mostly because of immigration . 
  usa voted for trump , again i think it is no debate that lot of people voted for him because if immigration . 
  ( they are bulding a big wall currently ) japan hates outsiders . 
  finnish people do n't welcome outsiders . 
  these are rich countries . 
  so you say every country is shit who is against immigration ? 
  so it leaves mostly germany and sweden who are pro immigration and some other countris which are not shit . . did you see thousands of migrants with your own eyes ? 
  i have seen them while going to the work . 
  they were everywhere , they were 80 % young male , other 5 % are young boys and the remainder was 15 % women . 
  some migrants had scary faces , other had nice hairstiley with nice smartphones . 
  i am just asking you , did you see them with your own eyes ? 
  they are not here for seeking help , but getting a white wife , getting money , raping women . 
  the most resonable act is to keep them out to defend the woman in your country . 
  i do n't know much about other migrants in your country . 
  maybe they were not 85 % young male . 
  hell , i would be okay if those migrants were 85 % young females , but not , they are 85 % young troublemaker males . 
  lol you are shit . 
  you are a no one calling whole countries shit . 
  you were born to a richer country and qualify yourself above other countries , because you can afford some migrants and we ca n't afford any , because we need to take care of our own people . 
  did i mention i want to leave eu ? 
  there are several countries who hates migrants . 
  it is not a good solution to disband the eu because some countries want to take them and allocate to other places . 
  instead make an eu effort to keep the migrants out not invite them . 
  anyway , i talked about not invading my country , where does it implies that i want to leave the eu ? 
  edit : you are talking about orb\u00e1n and putin . 
  previous leaders had much better relationship with the russian , because previous leaders were actually socialists/communists . 
  stay away from hungary !, 
  focus your own country and your migrants . 
  we are fine . 
  this is the best government out of the other total shit possibilities . 
  the editors deserved it . 
  false information is cancer . 
  wish we had money for an impressive wall like that,
