  the majority ( eg : germany , france lot of people live there ) wants to repress the minority ( hungary only 10 million ), 
  hungary used to be a socialist country . 
  what happened is a generation of pensioners died who kept voting for the ex communist parties . 
  what ? 
  leave from where ? 
  leave from hungary if i do n't want migrants ? 
  where do i go ? 
  to other country where everyone is foreigner and i will be migrant ? 
  why should i leave my country when instead i should protect it ? 
  or are you talking about leaving eu ? 
  how can i leave hungary from eu ? 
  i am one vote only and there is not really any party who would start a leaving process so i ca n't even vote for any of them . 
  your comment just does not make sense . 
  could you elaborate it more ? 
  i am interested, 
  `` the people hate their leaders as well '' i do n't hate orb\u00e1n , and clearly there is no better alternative . 
  the left have proved their incompetence . 
  germany is fine ? 
  germany had a mass rape at new year 's eve and wanted to conceal it until they could not anymore . 
  man , i dread every once in a while that mszp ( the socialist party ) will come back at some point . 
  it was anti democratic . 
  police shooting innocent people in the eye . 
  i literally ca n't imagine living with a social liberal party governing me . 
  i just do n't understand how people from eu have so different view of our country . 
  orb\u00e1n has won 2 times in the row . 
  he is still the most popular . 
  majority of people would still vote for him , and according to the polls he would win today . 
  it is democracy . 
  you may say that only dumb people vote for orb\u00e1n , but this is not the case . 
  lot of dumb people vote for other parties also . 
  i have diploma , a high paying job and still support orb\u00e1n . 
  and there are several like me . 
  `` shutting down independent media or bringing them under government control is not democracy '' what are you talking about ? 
  have you seen some hungarian websites and some newspapers ? 
  lot of them say very bad things about orb\u00e1n . 
  how can they do that if they have been shut down ? 
  why hungary is anti democratic ? 
  we have voted for orb\u00e1n two times in a row and he won with the majority of votes . 
  polls suggest that he would win another election if it was done now . 
  why eu want to say what is democratic when they are forcing us to take migrants when 98 % of hungarian people does not want it ? 
  so we are tier 2 and you are \u00fcbermensch ? 
  nice . 
  edit : anyway it is funny how you make your opinion about a whole big country based on one single person . 
  says a lot about you, 
  i hope they will remember to that and never came back to our country . 
  just because some countries are against some eu law that does not mean their thinking is flawed or they are against the eu . 
  by the same logic , people who were against the nazi , stalin , mao laws were bad . 
  if a law is not practical , then it has to be changed . 
  and i am not saying to put them to hungary or any other eu border , but out of eu border . 
  and if for some reason eu do n't want to do that , then at least turn back the migrants who are heading towards eu and do n't even let their foot on the eu lands . 
  then keep them for humanatarian reason or send them back to the border of eu and do not let them re-enter . 
  do not fuck up the eu by trying to allocating to countries who does not want them . 
  then why did they come ? 
  obviously they want to live in germany and sweden . 
  i have seen these refugees with my own eyes in budapest . 
  they were shouting that they want to go to germany . 
  there were a lot of police there and half of the train station was closed that day . 
  migrants came because of merkel . 
  they did not want be in hungary and we did not want them to be here neither . 
  they just made a lot of trouble . 
  send them back to the eu borders and do n't let them re-enter . 
  bring sexy young women instead of troublemaker males from syria . 
  if eu wants to give us sexy young women i am welcoming them . 
  good point actually . 
  hungary is post soviet , right ? 
  not really anyone uses vk here , probably majority have not even heard of it . 
   if it could be done , i would gladly move all of them to one country , preferably an island you are worse than nazis and stalin lol . 
  a serious question . 
  can you recommend another party in hungary for me and tell me why they are better than fidesz ? 
  they can send to outside of eu . 
  first it is 1000 , then next year another 1000 . 
  you get the idea . 
  migrants inflow to eu must stop . 
  the migrants germany and other western countries does not want , should be deported outside of eu, 
  you have to pay less tax if you have children , that is a good support . 
  he was liberal 25 years ago , during , and shortly after communism . 
  i liked radical right wing a few years ago , but no longer support this ideology . 
  i have changed in a few years , orb\u00e1n could have changed in 25 years also . 
  he is a populist , but it is not bad as long as he support what i like . 
  you said he have n't worked . 
  he is the prime minister of hungary . 
  what other work should he do ? 
  should he be a side chef or cleaner ? 
  i never wanted to quit eu . 
  i just do n't want the eu to force migrants to us . 
  thank you for the comment . 
  i have been in paris a week ago , and it was really similar to budapest . 
  my main problem with eu is that they want to force us to take migrants . 
  i do n't want migrants , nor 97 % of hungarian people ( there was an official poll ) . 
  the government can not go against 97 % of population , because that is a political suicide . 
  i will keep supporting politicians who are against migrants until eu stops forcing us . 
  usa shoot illegal migrants at their border . 
  i can not see why eu can not do similar . 
  i am not saying to shoot every migrant , just the ones who tries to enter illegally . 
  there is a legal way to enter a country , which most migrants have circumvented . 
  also the migrants who are here should be given a plane ticket and send them off to other countries out of eu . 
  i honestly does not care where they send them at least it is out of eu . 
  if germany wants them , then take care of them . 
  if germany does not want , send them out of eu . 
  `` also buddies up with the good guy from the east who thinks it 's a good idea to throw adversaries and their families into a hole in the ground . '',
