  hey i have absolutely zero problems with islams in other countries . 
  in fact i believe they have some good ways of living . 
  ( i am thinking about they support families etc , obviously i hate terrorist ) i only have problems if someone force us to live with islams . 
  if islams stay in their origin country i have absolutely zero problem with them . 
  it is not only islams . 
  i do n't want anyone to force me to live with indians , chinese , gypsies , africans , jews . 
  i have absolutely zero problem with these people , i just do n't want them to be forced to live in my country . 
  i do n't even understand what you do n't understand about me . 
  i have a way of living and i want zero change . 
  maybe some christian sexy women only , nothing else . 
  i do n't want anything special . 
  i want what we have now and no islams forced on us . 
  when i was kid i went to church regularly , i even attended to religious classes in the church . 
  i have attended `` first communion '' or what is the name of it when i was kid as well . 
  nowadays i still go to church sometimes , but like yearly only . 
  i do n't know the english word for it , but when i was a newborn my parents took me to church and i became christian . 
  it did not change since then . 
  lol . 
  leave eu , if you do n't want to be with us . 
  make your own alliance . 
  uk did it , you can do it as well . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't visit church anymore and i do n't believe in god anymore , but i am christian . 
  mostly i live by christian values and i know a lot of christians and they are nice to live with . 
   if you want to `` live with islams '' or not is not in your hands it is somewhat in my hands . 
  i can vote to someone who welcomes every migrants or i can vote to someone who opposes migrants . 
  i am one person , but i have as much decision as any other one voter . 
  my country does not discriminate anyone by religion . 
  i am not my country and i discriminate . 
  people always discriminated other religions in europe , that is not a new thing . 
  countries usually do n't discriminate people based on religion , but i am not sure of balkan . 
  if you have different perception of european people , then stop getting all of your information from this subreddit . 
  this subreddit contains only a very small portion of the individual countries . 
  for example , you have to have good english and you have to endure several downvotes if you want to discuss things here . 
  only a portion of young people knows english in several countries and they are not as geek as me to come to europe subreddit and comment stuff . 
  i am not my country and not any leader of my country . 
  i am only one person . 
  my country allows freedom of religion . 
  the constitution refers to christian values and christian europe . 
  i did not read it , but as i know it does not refer to any other religion . 
  i do n't care about orthodox or protestants or catholics etc , they are all the same for me , which means i prefer every sub type of christian over islam . 
  i do n't even know what wicca is . 
  there are not many jews and i have no problem with them , but i do n't want any more , just as i do n't want any more islams . 
  because we are a christian country with christian values . 
  if i want to live with islams i would move to london or germany or sweden or middle east . 
  i am still in hungary because i prefer to live with other christians . 
  i do n't want a single additional islamic person in my country . 
  i do n't really care if they are not violent , i do n't want islamic . 
  i am man so i do n't want more men especially not sexy ones . 
  if they are well educated christian men with family and they are willing to learn hungarian at basic level then no problem . 
  i would take young female sexy christian migrants any day . 
  young violent islam men ? 
  no way !, 
  trapista, 
  why do you think everyone needs to know how to code ? 
  we are getting automated and i slowly learning how to code , but do n't know why most people should do the same . 
  who the hell wanted that ? 
  people want : 1 . 
  do n't let migrants enter the eu 2 . 
  force the illegal migrants who have entered the eu already out of eu, 
  you guys are so lucky , that there are similar languages like yours . 
  hungarian is truly unique . 
  it is said that it is in the same group as finnish , but there is not really any common words . 
  what is it actually ? 
  is not it illegal ? 
  i heard barcelona is extremely welcoming to tourists . 
  have you seen the subreddit what rainbow for a few days during gay parades ? 
  i ca n't even comprehend what rainbow color has to do with europe . 
  clearly the subreddit does not respect the various opinions , instead they are trying to push on on our throat their opinion . 
  that is the liberal way . 
  they advertise acceptance , but when we have different opinion , then they just downvote you to hell ( or even moderate you ) i am glad the subreddit nowhere near represents the voter population in my country . 
  you do n't consider the individual people , but only the whole country/city . 
  not everyone profits from tourism . 
  just an anecdote . 
  i do my finance job daily in budapest . 
  i have my life and that is fine . 
  my life would not be better if suddenly 10 times more tourists came to budapest . 
  actually , my life would be worse . 
  `` say goodbye to your freedom of speech someday '' we already have no freedom of speech . 
  we are living in totalitarian world , nothing has changed , only the name , we call it democracy . 
  was not hitler came into power in democracy ? 
  there is no freedom of speech in eu , especially not in germany . 
  as you said doing hitler salute is stupid . 
  arresting tourists who did nothing violent is even more stupid . 
  anyway the whole conversation started because i do n't want migrants in eu . 
  so you rather kick out the hard working eastern eu , whose culture is similar to the west and accept the migrants who are islams . 
  they are raping and bombing and want to make a different culture within eu . 
  seems a good strategy . 
  people like you destroy your own country and the whole eu identity . 
  30 years from now you will see islams everywhere , but probably that is what you want . 
  but i tell you something , you can move to an islam country and live with them , no need to invite them here . 
  you just made a point . 
  you said uk is suffering because they left the eu . 
  image that your \u00fcbermenchs country leaves the eu . 
  you will suffer as uk suffers . 
  i have never said i want to leave eu . 
  however you implied , that just because your country pay more money , you get bad deal . 
  that is not the case because even if you pay money , your country still get a lot of benefits . 
  i ca n't believe how people just think east as people who get money for free . 
  we gave west so much and continue to give .
