dan carlins point was that no one in america really cares about eastern europe . 
  he really doubts their nato membership is worth the paper its written on . 
  the public will is n't there to intervene if it was directly against russia . 
  though i do think though that alot of the nato memberships were made at a time when russia was n't considered an enemy . 
  russia at one point was even talking about joining the eu , but things went to shit . 
  we just need a particularly cold winter , then the pensions crisis will be over and eu support will reach all time highs . 
  yeah i work with someone who immigrated from cyprus . 
  he blames the eu for everything . 
  best line :  its these liberals , they never listen to what you have to say . 
  sovient union put ethnic russians in these countries back in the day to balance out the locals . 
  in an ideal world they would n't be there , they would be in russia . 
  unfortunately we are now dealing with families that have been there for generations but still feel ties to russia , and you can not go pushing them out . 
  they can come home and face the repercussions for their actions . 
  they are n't stuck , just in denial . 
  did n't realise you got a name at another time !, 
  sounds like the remnants of established catholic church - which is why uk and france do n't have it . 
  1-2 % is also silly low but i suppose churches do less in the community than in the past . 
  shhhh ... you are interrupting the euro circle-jerk . 
  generally its very windy on the coasts , so the clouds get blown inland and settle there for a while before dropping their payload . 
  this country is full of disinterested parents who just want the government to handle parenting for them . 
  i know so many people who work instead of staying home with their kids , despite it costing them money overall . 
  they 'd rather someone else do the parenting . 
  just like they 'd rather have the government stop the kids visiting internet sites , instead of monitoring them yourself . 
  america self censors itself all the time . 
  this filter is being run by the mobile isp without legislation . 
  considering how much cameron is pissing off his party on the whole , i wonder if he is winning support in scotland ? 
  or is there no chance of that ? 
  it works both ways . 
  tax the poor , they spend less money on non-essentials and the rich earn less . 
  so there is a minimum tax on the poor , but not the rich ... 
  does the eu not impose a minimum capital gains tax ? 
  both are turning sensationalist as all their readers move on to alternatives . 
  i expect any thought of ruk leaving will die with a yes vote . 
  expect weill hurt national pride quite a bit . 
  good but i 'm not sure how long they can resist . 
   western troops did not commit unpunished war crimes . 
  we commit and cover up war crimes all the time . 
  to be fair hungary does sound like its going down the shitter lately . 
  nice overlay , but i think the drawing is meant to be distorted like the earth rather than be a flat map . 
  only during the first year of study . 
  most universities do n't own enough housing for all students . 
  what they going to do ? 
  shoot down an airliner ?!, 
  perhaps now . 
  i imagine in the future there may be a civil war to cement the union , much like the us had . 
  i hope not though . 
  putin does n't want to look weak by backing down too obviously , but the sanctions have given him pause because they 've effectively thrown russia into another recession . 
  i would support more sanctions and arming ukraine more . 
  this is an international incident so could also justify sending some peacekeeping forces in civilian centres . 
  scotland have a higher gdp than the ruk , quite significantly . 
  i imagine they will try to argue for a population % of debt , saying that london has been sucking the oil wealth , and they want some of it back . 
  not surprising , but interesting . 
  could probably put a map of corruption indexes next to that and it would correlate nicely . 
  executing soldiers who have surrendered just means the next will fight to the death . 
  very counterproductive . 
  maybe iceland will join the eu only if uk leave , then they still get all the cod . 
  nonsensical comment , and shoe-horned in . 
  if uk leaves the eu , all eu migrants will need to apply for visas . 
  if anything less migrants will come when uk is about to leave because could find themselves unable to work one day . 
  yep they think the eu is shit , so they make it shit . 
  i 'm sure they will enjoy being angry at thrir tabloids about the eu in the future . 
  very good summery and insight . 
  the last point is probably the strongest effect on the uk . 
  i 've wondered for a while why eu never seems to have a charismatic leader , or a drive for a european identity like the us has ( united under a constitution ) , but i can easily believe that our own members are holding it down . 
  yeah it does seem like a strange statement . 
  he 's basically wanking himself off in our faces . 
  not the best action even in a position of dominance . 
  the us has pushed for these courts with every free trade agreement of the last decade . 
  mostly developing nations have agreed because of the boon the agreement as a whole would provide , but there have been a few expensive examples of the nations trying to protect their environment or citizens only to be sued by the courts . 
  the secrecy of the whole discussion is what is freaking people out . 
  i do n't expect eu members will agree to isds , but the agreement has been leaked during drafting , showing to have contained these clauses , and its rightfully worrying . 
  as rediculous as it sounds/is , i do sort of agree . 
  google has an insatiable appitite for information , and its rather daunting how many services they provide that collect it . 
  just like how ie became the big search engine because it was bundled with windows , most of googles services have become big because they are linked by google . 
  then you have google buying every other big web services , like youtube . 
  every time i delete my youtube account in the hopes of google stopping to track me , it creates a default one . 
  40 % after # 325k in the uk ( so around $ 500k ) . 
  it 's crazy seeing how low the inheritance tax bands are on the mainland europe . 
  yep . 
  assuming they plan their deaths and its not sudden at a young age , they tend to just steadily shift assets to their children during their lives . 
  hell its what i plan to do , and i do n't have much . 
  why pay a tax you can avoid ? 
  confederation - collection of countries , loosely bound together by treaties . 
  this was the eu 50 years ago . 
  in the us civil war , the south wanted to roll back federalisation and instead be a confederation . 
  federation - collection of countries , tied together by an overarching central government that creates laws that apply to all . 
  each member still creates their own laws . 
  eu is moving towards this , but still is largely treaty based . 
  the us is a federation . 
  if the exit poll is to be believed , all the ukip support flocked back to tories at last second to prevent lab-lib takeover . 
  why specifically ? 
  yep for my town counsellors . 
  british diet is pretty bad . 
  loads of sweets and carb heavy meals . 
  weather is depressing so seldom want to be active as you get older . 
  everyone seems to know they are unhealthy and should do something about it , but never do . 
  liberal democrats nationally , independent and conservative locally ( no lib dems locally ) . 
  i live in a conservative safe seat so doubtful will amount to anything . 
  my heart is all for lib dem issues though - pro eu , anti war , economic liberalism , civil rights and investment in education . 
  same here .
