speculating , but i would n't be surprised if there 's some law that restricts how many people can have access to a tapped phone and that one person ca n't be involved in more than one at a time for reasons of oversight or some such . 
  usually how things get bloated in western countries . 
  swedens weakness comes from the fact they got rid of conscription . 
  they have a very small , 50k man strong army , that is stretched too thin to even defend a single island off the swedish coast . 
  they 're not going to make any appreciable difference if russia turns its eye on finland . 
  you need nato or a united european response for that . 
  hence straight to nato and hence the perceived weakness of swedish military . 
  does n't help that there are quite often articles in the finnish media about swedish generals writing warnings about their military being too weak . 
  i think this would be a hard sell for a large portion of the finnish population . 
  not that we do n't like sweden , but the view often seems to be that sweden barely has any military power left . 
  why ally with someone who contributes barely anything meaningful to the party ? 
  better to go straight into nato . 
  there 's speculation that they 're using the migrants to put pressure on finland so we 'd break rank with the eu ( and maybe even convince the rest of eu in joining ) to get rid of the sanctions imposed on russia because of their actions in ukraine . 
  so war is unlikely to be in their plans indeed , but pressure to guide finland 's actions is likely on their plate . 
  when talking about education it 's important to keep in mind that universities pump out all sorts of people . 
  someone who studied art or history in university is highly educated , but pretty much useless for a vast majority of companies because of their chosen field . 
  not that i disagree with your assessment of the labour gap being vastly over stated . 
  police had been tipped off beforehand so they went in and sent a bunch of people away from the scene and arrested several people . 
  the police specifically mention that it 's possible the intention of the crowd was to conduct similar style harassment that happened in cologne . 
  was all set up do some cleaning . 
  then my vacuum cleaner broke . 
  should have waited for tuesday . 
  they 're going to run into men no matter what . 
  the staff is n't going to be 100 % female in the entire hospital , if even in their particular unit . 
  they 'll run into men when they go outside to catch some fresh air . 
  they 'll bump into family of other patients visiting . 
  it 's an argument , but not a very realistic one . 
  yes , there is a certain duty to not harm your employer . 
  but does essentially saying `` i think traditional gender roles , where men are the main income for households , is how we should strive to arrange our society '' count as harmful to your employers reputation ? 
  it 's a clearly political opinion . 
  a bit old in its teeth , but an opinion none the less . 
  an opinion that has nothing to do with your employer . 
  i do n't know . 
  there just seems to be a growing trend of intolerance towards differing opinions in the sense that the backlash is immediately `` get them fired ! '' . 
  that 's the nuclear option and leaves out everything else in between . 
  i would be very careful with that line of thinking . 
  maybe in the future , for some company , your ( political ) opinion will be deemed harmful for their image . 
  and then they fire you for it . 
  people getting fired from their jobs because of ( political ) opinions is the road that will lead to the death of democracy and open civil discussion . 
  companies do not and should not get to own people in such a manner where they get to determine what 's appropriate for them to say on their free time ( save for outright bashing their own employer ) . 
  if they do then they 'd damn well better pay for 24 hours on the job , seven days a week , 365 days a year . 
  now , in this case , sponsorship deals are very different . 
  it 's not like a regular job contract . 
  there are usually clauses on behaviour and such . 
  so . . yeah , special circumstances , sponsor well within their rights . 
   it has never had a mock dog fight with an f-16 https://medium.com/war-is-boring/read-for-yourself-the-f-35-s-damning-dogfighting-report-719a4e66f3eb#.xt7o7h4m4 http://arstechnica.com/business/2015/07/disastrous-f-35-vs-f-16-face-off-was-also-a-battle-of-philosophies/  besides real dogfights do n't happen anymore they 've been saying that since planes went from propellers to jet engines . 
  they have n't been right so far . 
  i 'd say the jury is still out on whether the f-35 is more capable . 
  what 's known is that in a close range dog fight it got beaten by an f-16 ( not to mention its russian counterparts ) . 
  it 's more expensive to maintain per hour of flight . 
  but there 's very little real world data to go around to say anything definitive . 
  though things are rarely as good as they seem on paper . 
  and then there 's what any particular air force is looking for in a plane . 
  for example , the f-35 only has a single engine . 
  eurofighter has two . 
  i 've read somewhere that the finnish air force dropped single engine crafts off their list when they acquired the hornets we 're currently using . 
  reliability and redundancy issues and all that . 
  it 'll be interesting to see if that holds true in the current round of renewing the fighter inventory . 
  they 're considering f-35 , eurofighter , rafaele and gripen if i remember correctly . 
   currently the f-35 is $ 98-116 per plane ( at low-rate initial production ) that $ 98-116 million figure does not include the engine . 
  that 's pretty important for a plane . 
  currently the engine is an extra $ 16 to $ 38 million , depending on plane model . 
  to be fair the average sentence for rape in finland is pretty damn low . 
  the range is from 1 year to 4 years . 
  4 years being the worst of the cases so they 're pretty rare . 
  a bit less than half of the lesser cases never see the inside of prison . 
  https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/raiskaus#tilastotietoa_tuomioista there 's definitely room for stricter punishments for rape . 
  not life in prison , but at least increasing the minimum punishment is worth considering ( say , mandatory prison time ) . 
  finland opt out of something for its own benefit ? 
  that 'll be the day . 
  finland does what ever the eu tells it to do . 
  to the letter . 
  sometimes a bit more just to get extra points . 
  does n't help that finlands third largest export partner , russia , is sanctioned and in economical trouble . 
  sleep is pretty awesome . 
  but . . you 've invented something awesome that you think will bring a lot of people joy . 
  that 's what you designed it for . 
  then someone approaches you and offers you a billion dollars for it . 
  you know for a fact that someone has used similar technology to kill innocent people in weddings and all sorts of other occasions . 
  some by accident , some on purpose . 
  if you take the money , you know there 's a good chance that what you invented is going to end up used in similar situations . 
  i 'd imagine a lot of people would struggle with that decision . 
  a lot would go for the money , but many would turn it down too . 
  i 'd call both choices understandable . 
  companies are not sentient things that make their decisions solely on `` what 's best for me ? '' . 
  they 're still run by people and this is especially true for small businesses . 
  the morals of those people have a strong influence on how the business works . 
  financially , turning down the offer could very well be the wrong decision . 
  as for living with yourself and having a good nights sleep , it was probably the right decision for this business owner . 
  that 's not something you should just shrug off and call them a fool . 
   so because of a few cases , every single ad deserves to be blocked ? 
  it 's not a few cases . 
  it happens pretty often . 
  i just pulled up two big ones i remembered off the top of my head . 
  the simple fact is the ad-serving infrastructure is set up to be a high value target because it 's large networks that serve thousands of sites . 
  and it gets targeted . 
  just like windows does . 
  want to change that ? 
  host the ads locally on your own servers . 
   if this happens regularly for you , we are living in different dimensions .
