  if the uk were to want to trade physical goods with france for example , they would first need to go through ireland , and then ship it onwards to france . 
  i 'm sure it would just be easier to pay the trade fees and trade directly to france . 
  shipping from islands aint cheap but if they were to ship it to ireland first , then it would be all the better for the eu as a whole anyway no ? 
  as mentioned below , ireland does not want to go back to the troubles in the 80ies again . 
  the people of ireland simply wont stand for it , and it could result in anti eu parties gaining a stronghold in ireland . 
  not something the eu would exactly want , especially if the uk were to leave . 
  as things currently stand you are correct , but the eu will almost certainly legislate for it . 
  the ni border alone is reason enough to do so . 
  we 'll see , but the eu cant expect ireland to adopt a border in ni again . 
  legislation will be made to accommodate ireland and the uk 's special relationship for sure . 
  do n't . 
  you can almost guarantee that we will have our own economic area between ireland and the uk with freedom of trade and movement . 
  people who say that ireland will be net looser here are underestimating the relationship between our two countries . 
  well fuck . 
  explain the misinformation please ? 
  i know nothing about weapons , but i would imagine the government would not be so idiotic as to replace the standard fire arm for the entire army for no reason ? 
  disclaimer , i do n't know much about guns , i 'm just trying to use a bit of logic here . 
  nuclear power has been pretty accident free actually . 
  according to this list ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lists_of_nuclear_disasters_and_radioactive_incidents ) on wikipedia there have only been 4 accidents since 1979 . 
  people give it a bad rep because of chernobyl , but all things considered its a safe clean energy source . 
  well to be fair the english did fuck us over at pretty much every possibility . 
  look at the famine , we had plenty of food but the brits were exporting it to gb . 
  they even sank aid ships carrying food for ireland . 
  which is why i said it does n't make it right . 
  at least the ira at least called in a lot of their major bombings to reduce civilian casualties . 
  i know it does n't make it right , but as far as terrorists go , they were n't the worst . 
  well the republic of ireland is a thing now so yes . 
  disclaimer : the ira of today is not representative of the ira from the troubles , just like that ira is not representative of the ira during the revolution and so on . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_republican_army there is a nice enough summary at the top of the page . 
  do n't forget the power of the internet/social media . 
  nah if i were a wiener id have called the whole country shit . 
  austria is a god dammed paradise !, 
  i wholeheartedly disagree . 
  people from other cities bitch and complain , the majority of vienese people are just arseholes pure and simple . 
  first thing that came into my mind before i moved to austria : it 's germany 's ireland . 
  first thing that comes into my head now after living here a few years : amazing country with only two drawbacks - 1 . the absolutely unfriendly viennese and 2 . the open racism . 
  it 's not so blatantly obvious to joe soap but the eu should know better . 
  been saying this for the last 2 years and people look at me like i 'm a crazy person . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who thinks this . 
  might be just a mobile thing ? 
  i 'm on my phone in austria . 
  thanks, 
  pay walled, 
  i thought there was one standard minimum wage in germany now ? 
  you can be a dickhead in one way while being a good guy in another . 
  it 's not like they ca n't be both . 
  i could say the same thing to you . 
  no need to get snarky . 
  i do n't have the answers to everything . 
  that 's a really good question . 
  i wish i had an answer for you but alas i do n't . 
  yup , and he was of greek nationality . 
  no love for ireland ? 
  i agree that she is incompetent but replacing the rifles went against public opinion . 
  also an updated variant of the g36 ( which addresses the accuracy issues in high temperatures ) is favorite to win the new contract . 
  these rifles would be great if they were being used in europe , but if they under perform in the desert where they are being used the most then it 's probably a good idea to replace them . 
  the german army has enough of a problem with it to spend millions in replacing it though . 
  the rifles that are n't accurate in hot climates which has lead to their recall you mean ? 
  maybe you and your friends do n't , but a lot of people do . 
  i would n't call us lapdogs , but we do have very close political ties to the us . 
  soon the world will be ours !, 
  i cant say this has ever happened to me before and i have used a lot of public wifi . 
  it beats roaming . 
  well excuse me for not having visited paris by plane in the last year . 
  i obviously must be part of some reddit conspiracy . 
  i was also going to say cdg . 
  no free wifi either which is a joke for a major airport in this day and age . 
  true . 
  i guess i should have stated european union . 
  logical fallacy alert . 
  you have to compare like to like . 
  the dynamic between the us federal government and its state governments is not the same as the dynamic between the european union and its member states . 
  well its not like ireland has done anything to destabilise the middle east , i 'm sure this goes for a lot of other european countries . 
  also in comparison to the america europe as a whole are a bunch of angels . 
  not exactly controlled lab conditions or anything but myth busters says no . 
  nothing wrong with khadaffi or assad in the bigger picture . 
  sure they were totalitarian murderous assholes , but they kept the country stable and thousands more are dead since they lost power . 
  turkey is n't in europe . 
  and its not just european arms dealers who are selling to the middle east . 
  i meant diversify in that we branch out from our reliance on our tax rate to draw in multinationals . 
  we have a very small domestic economy ( not sure if that 's the right phrase ) . 
  it 's only because of the multinationals in exactly those fields that we have an artificially inflated gdp . 
  ach so . 
  yeah that 's a fair price . 
  to be honest i think up to 10 - 12 bucks a gram is reasonable as long as the tax money is being used for some good . 
  the only reason it chemical and pharma are in ireland is due to our corporation tax . 
  you think pfizer/microsoft and the like are in ireland strictly because of our workforce ? 
  yet there is still no shortage of mcdonalds , starbucks or other such multinationals . 
  at least not according to google maps . 
  so would everyone i think , unfortunately reality does n't want to play ball . 
  globalization is here to stay . 
  per gram ? 
  in vienna where i 'm living now all my buddies pay like 160 an oz . 
  made it harder to stop smoking for sure . 
  pretty much every country in the world has been affected by globalization . 
  that is n't the problem . 
  why the down-votes ? 
  small irish owned businesses are not going to replace the revenue brought in by giant multinationals . 
  3.5 grams for 50 bucks though ( if you 're lucky ) . 
  reckless prices already .
