  i would tell the asylum seeker to stop feeling so entitled . 
  the world does n't owe anyone anything and europe is trying to help , but people demanding stuff left right and centre is not making the situation better for anyone . 
  what exactly is the edinburgh agreement ? 
  all i can find is this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edinburgh_agreement_ ( 2012 ) , which doesnt say anything about ireland or denmark getting opt outs . 
  you tell them to enjoy being out of a war zone . 
  ah come off it , if you like guinness then this is an amazing attraction for tourists and locals alike . 
  i 've been to prague a few times and it was amazing . 
  full with tourists of course , but it 's still one of my favorite places i 've ever been . 
  been meaning to go to brno , cesky krumlov and a few other sports , but i 've been procrastinating !, 
  the more i read into how merkel does politics , the more i respect that woman , even if she appears to be doing nothing most of the time . 
  along with 99 % of all other politicians out there . 
  if it was n't for the crazy czech language !, 
  that sounds like a fantastic program !, 
  in the eyes of the irish then yes :p / s. 
  that 's rubbish . 
  i agree that the unemployment rate is on the up , but it 's still only 5.7 % . 
  there are still plenty of jobs here and by a european standard the country is still doing quite well . 
  germany for example has 4.7 % , france has 10.5 and ireland has 9.7 % unemployment . 
  from what i have seen on here , people claim that the turks segregated themselves away from the germans in order to practice their own culture back in the 50ies . 
  that they built their own `` ghettos '' and stuck together . 
  have no idea if it 's true though so take it with a grain of salt while i google fu this shizz . 
  that may be the case , but comparing bosnia to syria is apples and oranges . 
  also , not doubting what your saying , but i would like to see the percentage of bosnians who returned home . 
  actually just under half are from the balkans if you go by q1 figures from 2015 . 
  out of these about 95 % will get rejected , but deporting them is another issue . 
  i have no problem with anyone coming in from afghanistan , iraq , syria etc. 
  but the guys from kosovo , albania , and serbia are ruining it for everyone by putting strain on an already strained system . 
  let 's get real here , about 80 % of these people are never going back , regardless of the situation back home . 
  even if europe and the us were to intervene right now in syria it 's going to take an absolute minimum of 10 years to even start to get the country back on it 's feet . 
  in the mean time a lot of the refugees are going to settle and build lives here , at which point they wo n't want to go back to a country where they wo n't have it so good . 
  i do n't necessarily see this as a bad thing , but there is no use putting your head in the sand and thinking that the majority of people will return to syria if things improve . 
  actually turkey , egypt , jordan , lebanon and iraq have taken over half of all syrian refugees . 
  they mean that they are not allowed to be critical of immigration in real life , and it 's very much true . 
  the problem is that there are so many economic migrants who are coming into the eu under guise of being refugees . 
  look at germany for example , 49 % of all refugee applications in the first quarter of 2015 came from either kosovo , albania , or serbia . 
  out of these people only 1 % will get asylum while the rest are needlessly straining an already strained system . 
  if this was the case then you would have a massive surge in economic migrants . 
  yeah i agree that the assessment period takes longer , and dealing with the dole office is like jumping through hoops , but you are paid in arrears once you do get it . 
  i agree , my point was that these people are flooding to germany in spite of it having meek social benefits . 
  what do you mean ireland does n't have the same housing benefits ? 
  you pretty much qualify as long as you qualified for social welfare , and they will pay your rent minus $ 30 ( $ 40 if you are living with your partner ) . 
  so you get to spend the 150 euro a week however you want . 
  that means that you essentially have $ 600 a month disposable income , which is quite a lot even in expensive ireland . 
  yeah but compare it to countries like ireland where you get 200 cash a week , plus rent allowance , fuel allowance , children 's allowance etc on top of that . 
  unless your ' e germany that is - hartz iv is meant to be horrible to live on . 
  i know , it 's kind of a messed up situation here as the vast majority of all asylum seekers are sent off to traiskirchen in nieder\u00f6sterreich . 
  the whole of europe needs to spread out the asylum seekers . 
  i feel particularly bad for greece as they have enough on their plate at the moment and not enough resources to cope . 
  they went from having 40k asylum seekers in the whole of last year to having 158k so far this year . 
  i also feel a bit bad for hungary , as they have the most amount of asylum seekers per capita . 
  finally i feel bad for germany as they will take in an estimated 750,000 applicants this year , which is about 1 % of the total population . 
  european politicians need to start having a frank discussion on the topic . 
  the only parties who seem to want anything to do with are the right wingers like ukip , and god knows we do n't want young impressionable people swayed because politicians are in fear of being labeled racist for talking about a topic with serious economic implications . 
  not quite what i was looking for but thanks . 
  what i am looking for is the numbers of asylum seekers per country of origin on a european country by country basis . 
  germany has had x amount of syrian , and y amount of kosovan refugee applicants etc. 
  sorry , i know i really should phrased the question better . 
  no question , i just want to educate myself a bit better on the topic at hand . 
  i 'm an irish guy living in austria and as in germany , it 's been all over the news here . 
  i think that a lot of people 's problems with the whole issue stems from a lack of transparent , accessible information . 
  i was shocked to see for example that so many refugees are coming from kosovo to germany . 
  do you reckon that they are also availing of the fl\u00fcchtlingsheime until they are booted out , or do you think they are deported straight away ? 
  fp\u00d6 may have made gains , but its not like they were n't one of the biggest parties in the country before hand . 
  i know its ridiculous . 
  a big problem is that there is no serious left wing party that actually cares about the working class anymore . 
  it 's a sad state of affairs . 
  for peace , freedom and democracy . 
  fascism never again . 
  remember the millions dead . 
  or something to that effect . 
  mahnen can be either to warn or to remember . 
  in this case its kind of , let the millions dead be a warning maybe . 
  true , i guess technically you would call beethoven a citizen of the electorate of cologne . 
  hitler was technically born into austria-hungary . 
  well then i would agree . 
  branau am inn was not considered german at the time . 
  this is why hitler only gained german citizenship later in life . 
  and of course beethoven was german . 
  dude was born in bonn . 
  knew about the minority , did not realise anything was bilingual . 
  i 've been in burgenland a bit and a hand full of times in k\u00e4rnten - i guess i must not have been paying attention . 
  you also have to take into account turn out being at around 52 % . 
  it will undoubtedly be much higher in the next election . 
  i believe this will benefit vdb . 
  depends on how you view the left right wing spectrum . 
  when it comes to race and nationalism they are pretty right wing . 
  care to explain this one to me ? 
  kurz is actually pretty sensible when it comes to the border policies . 
  i would imagine he would go down well with a lot of fp\u00d6 voters if he wasnt so young . 
  dude is like 27 , still does n't have a degree and he 's still rocking out more sensible policies than half of the austrian politicians . 
  my facebook feed was pretty much : ich kotze . 
  everyone is a fascist nazi . 
  we are going to become a nazi state again . 
  there is a correlation between working class and voting fp\u00d6 , ergo ther needs to be a restrictions on idiots voting . 
  i mean , i do n't like the fp\u00d6 at all but if the situation was reversed these people would be up in arms . 
  absolute hypocrisy . 
  but it will be made available to the public for a full year before being signed off on . 
  the problem is that if we do n't start opposing it now , it will be too late by the time it 's contents are open to the public . 
  lugner for president !, 
  just wanted to make this point but you beat me to it !,
