  that 's really rich coming from someone with uk flair . 
  you do realize what 's going on in your banking system right ? 
  me too , but until ireland diversifies its economy we 'll have to stick with it . 
  no idea why this is getting downvoted . 
  this cracked me up way more than it should have . 
  i 've read ulysses twice ( once for uni and once a few years after ) and i can tell you that that it 's the most overappreciated piece of literature of all time . 
  its dense , it uses a load antiquated dublin slang ( god knows how people who are n't irish or with english as a second language read it ) its story is unremarkable , and worst of all its long and feels drawn out . 
  you know shit 's bad when joyce himself has to draw out a chart so that his contemporaries could actually read the bloody thing . 
  you get treatment and then when if you get better you can look forward to your life of debt . 
  i 'm not saying that everyone would see advantages , i 'm saying that there is surely a minority of people out there who would have a better life under uk rule/legislation . 
  reverse plantation - it 's all part of the hiberno conspiracy . 
  to be fair there are a lot of people to whom nationality and history means jack shit , and who would see the advantages to joining the uk . 
  i am not one of them , but there are plenty of people out there . 
  possibly . 
  i have never watched eastenders myself . 
  interesting , are you saying that countries are not allowed to create a trade agreement amongst themselves due to eu regulations ? 
  or is it more like a gentleman 's agreement ? 
  i ca n't imagine ireland preventing uk citizens from working in the republic , especially with the border areas in the north . 
  i also doubt the uk would prevent irish workers from gaining employment there as it would put a spanner in the diplomatic ties we have been building for years . 
  it 's no means certain that companies would flock to ireland , but it would make a lot of sense . 
  we are an english speaking , well educated work force , a stone 's throw away from the uk , and we already have european hqs for numerous big companies . 
  not to mention cultural similarities ( although this is hardly a metric used by most multinationals ) . 
  your post was the best reply i have received on this website for a long time . 
  i was under the impression that ireland had a trade agreement with the uk independent from the eu . 
  also this whole freedom for people to move to england thing seems like a load of bollocks to me as irish people also have freedom of movement with the uk which has nothing to do with the eu . 
  on top of this , i 'd imagine that companies from the uk will all look to open a european hq in ireland if the uk were to leave the eu . 
  this would only benefit ireland surely ? 
  but not as much as the irish per capita !, 
  funny story , in england so many cups of tea are being made simultaneously during the break in eastenders that it puts a huge strain on the whole power network . 
  she also comes from an extremely wealthy background , so there is even more privilege than you know . 
  crazy story time . 
  my dad climbed elbrus as his first mountain ever at around 55 around the death of his older brother . 
  crazy motherfucker acted like it was just a hill and me and my brothers did n't find out until after how high it was . 
  needless to say we were all stunned he had managed it . 
  balls of steel . 
  agreed !, 
  you do n't appreciate what you have until you 're away from home for a while . 
  i have n't been home in years , and i find it strange now to be so nostalgic about something so everyday . 
  we take our beautiful countries for granted . 
  galway ai n't bad to be fair . 
  you can get in pretty quick from all the neighbouring towns . 
  it 's similar in cork but not as good imo . 
  if you live anywhere else you 're screwed though . 
  reminds me of the connor pass going toward dingle !, 
  and do n't forget to thank the bus driver as you leave !, 
  those would just be regular one lane roads in most of rural ireland haha . 
  lived in nrw in germany 5 years ago and pretty much nowhere celebrated it , students typically had a few beers . 
  i currently live in vienna , austria and while it 's celebrated by the international community and a few bars and pubs , it 's not really huge ( to put it in perspective , we celebrated weltspartag ( world savings day ) at work instead of halloween ) . 
  this is not necessarily correct . 
  while the old recipe had small amounts of liver in it , a good 90 % of all modern leberk\u00e4se contains neither liver nor cheese . 
  either way it 's still disgusting , regardless of what my austrian amigos think :p . 
  while i agree , they are also the guys fueling wahabi islam globally . 
  it 's a damned if you do , damned if you do n't situation . 
  how cheap is cheap ? 
  except that the english was suppressing the irish language in ireland itself . 
  if you move to another country you should make active steps to learn the language . 
  the thing is though that even when the war is over , the country will still be in dire straits for years to follow . 
  if a refugee already has a comfy life somewhere else , and has already spent many years integrating , what makes you think that they would ever return ? 
  deportation has been much less successful than people are being lead to believe and a mass deportation would make it much more difficult from a media sympathy standpoint . 
  not sure if serious or sarcastic . 
  my sentiments exactly . 
  erdogan 's turkey is not something i would be in favour of . 
  no offence to the many lovely turkish people that i have met . 
  the pay gap is a myth . 
  i 'm sick of people always bringing it up . 
  the wage gap is a myth anyway , the studies on the subject were totally skewed . 
  i think it will go a long way but it will never solve the problem . 
  as long as women are the only sex that can have children , they will always have a disadvantage in the workplace . 
  you cant compare people in developed nations to people in the third world . 
  it 's a total apples and oranges argument . 
  people in developed nations do n't feel the need to move as it wouldnt considerably improve their life to do so . 
  the work to advantages ratio just is n't there . 
  people in the third world however have a lot to gain , for them and their children . 
  if you were in some backwater with no running water , plumbing future prospects and an oppressive regime and you were given the chance for an out , most people would take it . 
  you can see this with the rise of asylum seekers after merkel gave her welcome speech . 
  it was n't even aimed at people other than syrians , yet 400,000 people from all over the middle east have flooded into the country ( many on foot ) over the last 40 days . 
  i should also note that your point about detroit : take a look at the population charts : https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-wpukc4umvgo/tywhkrpgw4i/aaaaaaaapho/fhzu3sxgsnw/s1600/detroit.jpg the population has been steadily declining in correlation with the cities wealth . 
  further , more and more people are moving from rural areas/smaller cities to bigger cities for work . 
  the trend is happening , it 's just slower in the first world because the work to improvement of life ratio is smaller . 
  it 's pretty easily predictable actually . 
  people will all move from countries of less prosperity to places with more prosperity inflating the cost of land and commodities around these areas . 
  you need only to look at the current wave of migration to see that it 's not a viable plan . 
  i understand the sentiment , but this would cause the whole world 's economy to go down the shitter . 
  it wo n't work . 
  ok that makes sense . 
  just one more question : i get that the unhcr figures are the number of people who has had an application completed , but i take it that not all of these applicants are successful ? 
  nope not confusing gross and net . 
  i got 6.50 before tax , i ca n't speak for the first hand accounts though - maybe they meant they got 4 euro per hour after tax . 
  who knows . 
  there are plenty of unskilled jobs in factories across germany too . 
  i 'm referring to them . 
  well then we have our wires crossed , i 'm referring to people who are not educated and have not undertaken an ausbildung . 
  all these people will now need to be paid 8.50 an hour . 
  i would like to know what percentage of factory workers are skilled vs unskilled , but google is giving me nothing . 
  i was personally paid around 6.50 euro per hour in a german warehouse , and i have also heard first hand accounts of turks being paid 4 - 6 euro per hour for unskilled labour . 
  i cant comment on if what the turks were saying was true , but to say that everyone working in your manufacturing industry did n't make minimum wage is a bit naive . 
  http://popstats.unhcr.org/en/asylum_seekers_monthly that is the unhcr source for 40,463 people . 
  the article itself was my source for the 400,000 figure . 
  my guess is that the unhcr figures are registered asylum seekers and the 400,000 figure is for non registered asylum seekers ? 
  although the article states that 400,000 asylum seekers were registered by the bundesl\u00e4nder so i 'm confused .
