  trust me , the worst neighborhoods in vienna are akin to normal neighborhoods in a lot of other countries . 
  i 've lived in the 21st , 19th , the 10th , the 5th , and the 16th so i 've experienced a pretty good cross section of life in the city over many years living there . 
  the only parts of the city that are noticeably any bit dodgy are parts of prater after hours , and some areas near thaliastra\u00dfe and these areas are still tame in comparison to other capital cities . 
  i 'm not saying they were under orders , but they still officially represented he government in the same way the us soldiers who committed atrocities in iraq represent the us government . 
  there is also major evidence of collusion between police and army forces and loyalist paramilitary groups up north . 
  if you look at the total figures the republican side committed around 10 % more murders than the british government/loyalists . 
  however the amount of civilians killed is equal on both sides . 
  i 'm not here to tell you that the republican side were innocent misunderstood hero 's , but the way that people laugh off british aggression in regards to the north is ridiculous . 
  yeah it 's not like the british army ever opened fire on unarmed civilians shooting people in the back as they were running away ... . oh wait . 
  and this was a fucking government body . 
  british policies at the time caused a ridiculous amount of damage . 
  so you 're going to take his word for it because ? 
  even if you take his word for it ( because lets face it , there is a good probability of it being true ) , he also claims that the ira members were meant to call it in , but fudged it up . 
  a lot of innocent people died , but it was not intentionally so bad . 
  bottom line is , that the ira , the uvf and the british government were all as bad as each other but none of them are comparable to isis . 
  i 'm implying that isis target civilians primarily , while the ira did n't . 
  i 'm not defending either organisation - what i am saying is that the two groups are not comparable . 
  two days after the bombings , the provisional ira issued a statement in which they denied any responsibility . 
  the statement stressed that a detailed internal investigation was underway to determine the possibility of any rogue members ' involvement , the provisional ira emphasised that the methodology of the attacks contradicted the official ira code of conduct when attacking non-military targets , whereby adequate warnings would be sent to security services to ensure the safety of civilians . 
  ruair\u00ed \u00d3 br\u00e1daigh , then-president of sinn f\u00e9in , conducted an internal investigation which he stated confirmed the bombings had not been sanctioned by the ira leadership . 
  not only that , but the birmingham 6 's convictions were all overturned , and they were compensated to the tune of around 1 million pounds per person . 
  where did i say that they always gave warnings ? 
  the ira were more out to disrupt the british government and not to murder innocent civilians , especially in later years . 
  sure a lot of innocent people ended up dead at their hands but it was n't their primary objective . 
  isis on the other hand want to murder as many people as possible to spread terror . 
  this is their primary objective . 
  to compare the two is a drastic oversimplification . 
  did isis ever call in to forewarn against bombings ? 
  the two are apples and oranges . 
  it really grinds my gears every time i see ireland as part of the uk . 
  it varies hugely from country to country . 
  there has to be less than a handful in the entire country . 
  how is that living in a reddit bubble ? 
  they made dws resign which shows that the the wikleaks e mails were legitimate . 
  show me one piece of proof that the russians had anything to actually do with the hacks ? 
  i would love if hackers revealed corruption by european politicians . 
  if my politicians were rigging democracy why would n't i want to know about that ? 
  the dnc wrote the e mails ; they influenced the election themselves by rigging the primary for a candidate with a huge history of scandal , instead of backing the hugely popular candidate who could have gotten a lot of bi partisan support . 
  worst cameraman ever . 
  actually its pretty much up in the air right now . 
  have n't even waited for confirmation that the t\u00e4ter was an immigrant . 
  just curious to how recent these figures are op ? 
  were they post or pre brexit ? 
  `` the british isles is not an officially recognised term in any legal or inter-governmental sense . 
  it is without any official status . 
  the government , including the department of foreign affairs , does not use this term . '', 
  this short article summarises it up pretty well : http://www.thejournal.ie/is-ireland-british-isles-northern-ireland-europe-islands-1140112-oct2013/ personally i prefer the term atlantic archipelago . 
  i didnt need a european passport , just an id that said i was under 25 . 
  this was in 2010-2011 ish so take it with a grain of salt . 
  it happens when you get an e card before you are actually insured . 
  after the e card expires and they send you a new one , the information will be shown . 
  source : happened to me . 
  it happens when you get an e card before you are actually insured . 
  after the e card expires and they send you a new one , the information will be shown . 
  source : happened to me . 
  i see my cultural identity as coming from the island of ireland rather than the state . 
  this is why i would also consider the majority of of lads and lasses up north as being irish . 
  my ex used this in ireland from germany . 
  i could n't believe how amazing it was !, 
  because the brexit means the border between northern ireland and ireland might be reinstated . 
  also i have heard anything about him changing his opinion or reneging since . 
  `` in a 52-48 referendum this would be unfinished business by a long way . 
  if the remain campaign win two-thirds to one-third that ends it '' that is not him calling for a second referendum . 
  i know people hate him but this is twisting his words in true tabloid style . 
  based on what he tweeted out early yesterday , one could believe he meant that the euroskeptic cat is simply out of the bag and that it will be a heated topic in uk politics going forwards . 
  if it had gone the other way there would not be another eu referendum for 10 plus years ( if at all ) . 
  the uk would have time to see if they made the right decision or not . 
  i think it 's only fair that uk citizens should be able to see how it goes , while keeping the topic active in uk politics before another referendum takes place . 
  it 's a tricky topic but if it had gone the other way there would not be another eu referendum for 10 plus years ( if at all ) . 
  the uk would have time to see if they made the right decision or not . 
  i think it 's only fair that uk citizens should be able to see how it goes , while keeping the topic active in uk politics before another referendum takes place . 
  my 2cents . 
  not that this will be seen , but that campaign did not having anything to do with farage . 
  the man you are looking to blame is boris johnson . 
  brilliant . 
  well that sucks !, 
  i never knew this but it would look baller if it was ever finished . 
  the worst is gasometer . 
  thy keep it tasteful on the main building itself and then surround it with these green monstrosities . 
  better than people had anticipated , but very comparable to the uk ( if not worse ) . 
  at least they have the nhs there . 
  eh ireland 's economy might be getting better but it 's still in the shitter . 
  in the mean time rent in any of the bigger cities has gone up by a ridiculous amount . 
  pardon my ignorance , but i thought turkey were buddy buddy with america ? 
  the same could be said in turkey and russia these days , as well as a myriad of other countries that we do n't compare them to syria or iraq though to be fair . 
  i mistakenly recalled that merkel declared that refugees would not be taken from these countries . 
  i would still make the case that iran is safe though . 
  iran , iraq , and afghanistan are all usually deemed as safe countries and their citizens are normally not eligible for asylum . 
  i 'm pro refugee but anti migrants , and the sad truth is that the vast majority are not legitimate refugees . 
  i 'm sorry but the world bank figures disagree with the notion that syrians are well educated , stating that the average syrian has something like 5 years overall education . 
  this myth that syrian refugees are well educated needs to die . 
  thank you !, 
  i am fed up with people drawing parallels between the two . 
  it 's the guardian , did anyone really expect any better ? 
  i love this !, 
  it 's just missing a dragon !, 
  we were integrating just fine anyway thank you very much . 
  we just got treated like shit because , well , that 's how the irish have been historically treated . 
  i would like to add that the dsh at thr rwth aachen is also a major pain in the ass !, 
  same with me .
