  except the systems in barbados and montserrat was set up so that irish people could never pay off their debts , and they often died of overworking ( to be fair though , in the context of the time this was n't too unusual ) . 
  there was even an irish/black slave rebellion at one point . 
  also not all of these irish people shipped themselves off to avoid starvation . 
  a lot of them were political prisoners . 
  i agree that there is a tonne of bullshit and half truths written on the matter ( see : white cargo , to hell or barbados ) , but when people try to disregard the whole thing as bullshit it really grinds my gears ( not saying you are , i just needed to rant that out ) . 
  if complications do arise , i cant see them being there for long . 
  it 's apparently against eu law ( or so i have been told on here anyway ) but i can imagine a free trade and travel deal would be implemented . 
  if not then northern ireland is going to be a complicated mess . 
  apparently being shipped off to the new world by the british to be slaves is n't good enough these days . 
  and yes this did happen . 
  a lot of people will say that the irish were n't truly slaves but rather indentured servants . 
  i call bullshit on this - if you are shipped off against your will to become someone else property and work for free , that is slavery . 
  dude was dublin through and through !, 
  what a hero . 
  the regressive left seems to have invades colleges all over ireland too unfortunately . 
  scary stuff seeing people be brainwashed . 
  ah feck off . 
  he brings up some valid points and was actually willing to have a discussion rather than just relying on past prejudices . 
  german grammar is hard yo . 
  commas and sentences with the verbs in the `` wrong '' position are two things that i see native german speakers struggling with all the time . 
  not saying i do much better mind . 
  3 in 1 and 4 in one are pure genius !, 
  absolutely the dogs bollox . 
  lovely dog !, 
  i would also love to have an irish wolfhound , but you need a boatload of space which needless to say , i do n't have :( . 
  http://www.101dogbreeds.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/irish-wolfhound-size.jpg irish wolfhounds are the archetypal irish ~ ~ horse ~ ~ dog . 
  which is a silly law . 
  well it 's bad that shit cant get done , but it 's good in that there can be no more austerity measures imposed on us . 
  ireland 's state of political affairs is pretty meh at the moment . 
  that 's absolute nonsense . 
  the fp\u00d6 are bigger than ever , and you even have the \u00d6vp and the sp\u00d6 giving out shit about the refugees . 
  austria is a lot less tolerant than germany . 
  it says something along the lines of : middlegerman regional trains implements female only compartments : rationale : `` it has nothing to do with sexual harassment '' `` it is an additional service based on the example of the austrian rail service in the style of ice and ic trains . 
  \u00d6bb has this also ? 
  i 've never heard of such a service . 
  edit - apparently , yes it does : http://www.oebb.at/de/leistungen-und-services/im-zug/sonderabteile shocking . 
  everyone forgets the irish :( . 
  i 'll have to respectfully disagree with you on this one . 
  if you see people as numbers on a spreadsheet then its quite easy . 
  you just have to detach yourself from the humanity of the situation . 
  i for one dont want a surveillance state similar to america . 
  i think that it 's bad enough as it is . 
  how dare i take what someone says on the internet at face value , fuck me right ? 
  both are sensationalist tripe tbh . 
  you would think they would drop the irish part and add in something for wales though . 
  i do n't know if i would say that . 
  i mean maybe its just because i 've encountered more people with southern accents , but they seemed to be worse actually . 
  like i said , your mileage may vary though , i can only offer anecdotal evidence . 
  in my experience , the irish get drunk and get up to a bit of mischief and will cop on if asked by the locals . 
  a lot of the english on the other hand get drunk and then have a massive chip on their shoulder , inevitably getting into more serious trouble . 
  of course this is a huge biased generalization , but this is what i encountered working in tourism spots as a bartender . 
  agreed that fb eats battery . 
  ok , that seems perfectly reasonable to me . 
  thanks for the replies . 
  i misunderstood but i get you now , that makes perfect sense . 
  one thing though , why not just send a text/make a phone call ? 
  data is pretty pricey here , while sms seem to have a flat rate on all major providers tarife ( o2 , vodafone , alditalk t-mobile ) . 
  calls are also flat rate on a lot of these too . 
  i didnt mean that they were . 
  i meant that if a person has your phone number then they more than likely also have your facebook details and vis versa . 
  chances are if they have your facebook they also have your number ; besides you can always just appear offline/block these people on messenger . 
  if you do n't have facebook that 's understandable , but these days pretty much everyone has it , in any case many more people than whats app . 
  data is also quite expensive here in germany though . 
  aldi talk for example ( the cheapest half decent tarif i have found ) has flat sms and calls , but only 1gig of data . 
  i never seen the point of using whats app either . 
  pretty much everyone is on facebook anyway , why bother having people download another app on top of that ? 
  it 's more to do with backwards ireland and the influence of the catholic church actually . 
  kurz is still studying and has not yet received his law degree . 
  i think hes actually one of the more sensible politicians out there in regards to this whole crisis though . 
  leitner is rubbish . 
  out of curiosity , what crime do you think are becoming problems in austria . 
  from what i have heard the crime rate is actually sinking . 
  south korea and japan getting absolutely devastated is also up there . 
  first of all , scotland is in the uk ; why are you separating the two ? 
  second , why would you assume that companies would rather have their european headquarters in the uk ? 
  according to education at a glance 2011 by the oecd 48 per cent of irish 25-34 year olds hold university-level qualifications ( the highest rate in europe and one of the highest in the oecd ) . 
  further 20 per cent of irish people hold a masters degree ( which is among the highest in europe -- the average is 13 per cent ) . 
  statistics might be a bit outdated , but its the best i can find without trawling through the internet . 
  we 're a pretty educated bunch though . 
  agreed , but our highly educated english speaking workforce also helps . 
  low corporation tax , mixed with the double irish tax loop hole you mean . 
  i 'll bite for sources  . 
  would be very interested in that read . 
  we will have to agree to disagree with this one i 'm afraid . 
  only time will tell . 
  do you understand how diplomacy works ? 
  it 's not going to be this one sided bitter divorce that you make it out to be . 
  i 'm sorry but the vast majority of irish people are still pro eu . 
  i 'd say a maximum of 25 % of people are against it , and that 's with the momentum of all the monumental bullshit that 's been happening recently . 
  our government would also never give the people of ireland a chance to even vote on it . 
  we are staying in the eu for the foreseeable future . 
  well , the threat of sectarian violence flaring up again for one . 
  also the two are quite different as a poster below me has mentioned . 
  not with ireland . 
  we have a strange legal deal that citizens from the uk and ireland are n't exactly seen as foreigners in each others countries . 
  i 'm not sure on the specifics , but it 's something to that effect . 
  it 's not about fault , it 's about politics . 
  the irish people wont stand for bringing back borders and the sectarian violence that will accompany it . 
  if border controls are brought back then anti eu parties in ireland would gather more supporters and the eu would hardly want to risk a domino effect . 
  there are more nuances than that , but i do understand your point of view .
