  the older generations tend to be way more chill than the second and third generations . 
  vatican ii : the reckoning . 
  was n't the earliest edition of the koran written in syriac ? 
  dude , i do n't disagree with you , but have you ever heard the phrase `` you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar '' ? 
  i agree but the only other option seems to be guilty until proven innocent , which i 'm even less cool with . 
  they are to an extent , but they are still as nationalist as it gets - hell the name even means we ourselves . 
  coming from ireland the notion of left wing nationalism seems pretty normal to me . 
  lol . 
  thankfully an awful lot of these nurses and doctors come from ireland , and thus wont be affected by brexit ( in theory ) . 
  and if you 're from dublin or kerry there is also the football . 
  every time i use czechia people assume i 've had a brain fart and mean chechnya . 
  i agree , and that 's what the stories should be about ; that or trump gets his information from fox news . 
  i agree with you , its a horrible situation , but that does n't give the media a free pass to start fabricating stories . 
  excuse me if i want to hold myself , the media and the political parties i would like to vote for to a higher standard than trump . 
  of course its misleading , i 'm not disputing that trump is doing this . 
  my point is that the papers flat out fabricated a story out of a speculative interpretation of his use of language . 
  this is the issue i 'm bringing up . 
  this is exactly how i see it too . 
  alluding to something , but not a terror attack like the media portrayed it . 
  if you are a fox news viewer you knew straight away that he was alluding to the story on tucker carlson . 
  now i 'm not saying that this should have been understood by the regular joe soap ( because let 's face it , fox is rubbish ) , but journalists who are following trump should certainly have known better . 
  he should , but no one in there right mind would get that there was a terrorist attack in sweden last night from what trump said . 
  the media purposely made up a disingenuous story and pushed it hard in order to sell papers . 
  regardless of what you think of trump , this is absolutely appalling behavior . 
  he 's alluding to the problems that come with en mass immigration . 
  he did not however , as many newspapers claimed , state that there was a terror attack in sweden . 
  i think he 's referring to how the media has a strong anti trump bias . 
  of course trump does and says some horrible horrible shit , but take this whole trump makes up a fake terrorist attack in sweeden story that 's been doing the rounds for example . 
  trump actually said ( paraphrasing here ) `` look at what 's happening in germany , look what 's happening last night in sweden '' . 
  nowhere did he mention a terror attack , yet that 's what was all over the papers . 
  journalism ( outside of reuters and ap ) no longer cares about what is true but rather what will sell and create outrage . 
  it 's just another layer of the modern echo chamber . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure but didnt they it turn out to be a mixture of refugees and people with a migration background in the end ? 
  fun fact , he never mentioned a terrorist attack . 
  he simply stated : `` look whats happening in germany , look whats happening in sweden last night '' the media somehow got that trump invented a terrorist attack out of that , and they wonder why the trump nuts are so distrusting of the media . 
  should mention that trump just said : `` look what 's happening in germany , look whats happening in sweden last night '' . 
  he never mentioned riots or a terrorist attack . 
  it 's not like this happened in a vacuum . 
  lucky you !, 
  i have no idea to be honest . 
  it never even occurred to me that this might be unusual until i lived in germany and austria for a while ; my reasoning was that at least it was n't `` america expensive '' . 
  the worst part is that most people who dont have a `` career '' only get paid for the hours they work , not a fixed salary . 
  that means that if a young person working in a cafe or a bar takes time off sick they are losing out twice : first by paying for the doctor/sick note , and second by missing out on the work hours . 
  it 's a broken system . 
  dont even get me started on the underfunding and waste in our health system . 
  a few weeks a go there were wither 8,500 people waiting on trolleys waiting for a hospital bed or were on a waiting list for treatment in my county alone . 
  it 's a disgrace and one of the main reasons i 'm thinking about leaving again . 
  well of course you pay for it via your taxes but a lot of mainland european countries have `` free '' gp visits , i.e. 
  you do n't have to worry about your financial situation before visiting a doctor . 
  ireland : where college is free but you still have to pay 3k a year just to register . 
  ireland : where you have to pay 50 to see your doctor and fork out another 20 to get a sick note , essentially costing you 70 bucks to take a few days off sick . 
  ireland : where , despite all its failings , the craic is still mighty . 
  well blaming all germans for the holocaust is pretty unreasonable . 
  it 's very possible that people in more rural areas had no idea what was going on , and was n't the official party line at the time that jews were being deported ? 
  i mean the germans were certainly aware that the jews were being treated like vermin ( getting beaten raped , robbed and imprisoned ) but cognitive dissonance is a helluva drug so it 's not unreasonable to say that people did n't want to believe that their government was capable of a genocide . 
  disclaimer ; only going by my experiences living in germany and talking to the older generation . 
  take what i 'm saying with a grain of salt . 
  holocaust denial is denying the holocaust actually happened . 
  he 's simply claiming that the average joe did not realise jews and `` undesirables '' were being slaughtered on an industrial scale which is n't so far removed from the truth to justify everyone here jumping down his throat . 
  jesus this place is nuts . 
  it 's finally done now though . 
  is this not a thing all over ireland ? 
  it 's been a think everywhere i 've ever spent christmas anyway . 
  or just simply , you know , more detail for transparency . 
  was n't he terminal also ? 
  fantastic news . 
  ick sprecke would be right at home in berlin though . 
  merkel is a master of political disarmament . 
  that woman knows how to politics . 
  all i can think of is trainspotting 2 . 
  me too . 
  `` that does n't give a perceived prestige or mother tongue benefit to anyone '' why does everyone always forget the irish :( . 
  unless ireland switches our official eu language from irish to english anyway . 
  ireland is good too thanks !, 
  i 'd say failing something major she already has it in the bag . 
  this . 
  except this is totally negated by being on the absolute edge of europe ... on an island . 
  it 's also ridiculously expensive here , and there is a major shortage of accommodation which makes it hard to attract top talent . 
  ireland here . 
  we quite like it . 
  great post !, 
  the eu is in need of reforms for sure but all things considered i 'm still happy we 're in it !, 
  ireland is the best place for apple to be though , financially speaking . 
  also ireland is competing on merit , it 's not like we do n't have the educated staff to fill out the jobs . 
  we need the extra incentive because there is no `` level playing field '' . 
  how else is ireland ever meant to attract in firms like apple when you have powerhouses like germany and france slap bang in the middle of europe with just as many qualified people and a better location/infrastructure ? 
  not to mention the lower salaries , and the lower cost of rent etc. 
  simply put , it makes no sense from a business standpoint for any major tech company to go to ireland otherwise . 
  except ireland is a country on the peripheries of europe and without being a tax haven our competitiveness drops dramatically . 
  if apple are going to be left with the choice of paying billions in taxes or leaving the country , they will simply leave . 
  cities like cork where 20 % of the entire working population are apple employees will be shagged . 
  i 'm not saying its fair on the rest of europe , but it is what it is . 
  sucks to be you guys !, 
  ireland here : meat is significantly cheaper here than germany but the rest is significantly cheaper over there . 
  pretty much except ireland joined the euro from its inception . 
  why is it undoable ? 
  a load of countries that are not the us trade de facto in us dollars , why could n't scotland do the same ? 
  honest question . 
  now if only the rents in all the major towns and cities was n't sky high , and in the case of dublin , super scarce . 
  the lack of unified fiscal policy for one .
