  when it comes to unskilled factory/warehouse work companies were paying the bare minimum . 
  i was getting 6.50 an hour working in a warehouse in germany , and i have heard first hand accounts from several people working for 4 euro an hour in factories . 
  i 'm sure this has changed now , but this was n't too long ago ( circa 2010 ) . 
  you do realise that ireland was the first country in the world to introduce a smoking ban in the workplace and that it had nothing to do with europe right ? 
  also britain follows considerably less european directives than pretty much any country on the mainland . 
  both ireland and britain have more opt outs than the vast majority of states . 
  i have no idea what you 're on about with the smoking ban . 
  it 's quite strict in ireland , if you want to have a smoking room you need to physically remove one of the walls or the roof . 
  are you talking about germany ? 
  there have been reports of employers finding clever ways around it , but so far it 's been mostly in gastronomy . 
  most multinationals would never even dream of trying to cheat on minimum wage as it would be too obvious and bring them nothing but bad press . 
  i was n't aware any refugees had a problem being located to ireland ? 
  raising the minimum wage from nothing to $ 8.50 an hour is hardly defending their export base . 
  it 's only a matter of time before some companies pull out of manufacturing in germany . 
  i 'm well aware the ausbildung system gives germany an edge for now , but cheap labour always wins in the end . 
  this figure was incorrect ( 49 % of people last month were from the balkans last month , not 60 % ) and it is out of date now also . 
  according to unhcr only 9695 out of the 40,463 asylum seekers going into germany in september were from the balkan states * . 
  that 's only 23 % . 
  the game changed drastically in september , after merkel 's welcome . 
  * defined here as albania , bosnia and herzegovina , serbia , kosovo and macedonia . 
  edit - why the hell are the ministry of the interior numbers so different to the unhcr numbers ? 
  i do n't know what to believe anymore . 
  did i mention i also live in austria . 
  it never ends !, 
  well i 'm in the same boat when i 'm looking for the correct language my search goes something like ireland/uk/great britain/britain/england / usa . 
  what in tarnations !!!, 
  corrected !, 
  try being an irishman forever having to click on the union jack , and often having to click on the uk because it 's the nearest location listed . 
  i think its a bit naive to see these as temporary accommodation . 
  there are thousands of people coming into the country on a daily basis and the government is quite obviously becoming overwhelmed with the situation . 
  even at c1 level there are going to be lots of miscommunications , especially when it comes to politics . 
  i have c1 german , but would i be 100 % confident to take part in a political debate which has so much weight to it ? 
  hell no . 
  but does n't ottakring have a high number of immigrants ? 
  they are also readily available in austria , and i have also seen them for sale in germany and ireland . 
  my bad . 
  looks like you saw everything !, 
  glad you enjoyed your stay !, 
  edit - just seen you missed out on kerry . 
  looks like you 'll have to make a return trip to see the best of the irish countryside !, 
  now as far as what ? 
  i 'm guessing you hit enter before you were finished typing or accidentally deleted some of your post ? 
  it 's actually a huge problem . 
  when you have figures as high as up to 1.5 million people coming into the country per year . 
  you 're saying that 750,000 people clogging up the system and fuelling the far right is n't a problem ? 
  depends on which part of iraq you are from . 
  the issue is that the baltic countries make up just under 50 % of all people claiming asylum in germany at he moment . 
  less than 1 % of this 50 % will get asylum . 
  think of all the legitimate asylum seekers who could actually use those resources . 
  and so is the unhcr , you can even break down asylum seekers per country of origin for every european country : http://popstats.unhcr.org/en/asylum_seekers_monthly the fact that people are so swept up in the press ' syrian angle really shows how most people are woefully ignorant of the situation . 
  a lot of europeans have a horrible opinions on the turks unfortunately . 
  most people see the gastarbeiter as being representative of all turks , and they do n't realise that these people were mostly hicks from rural areas of turkey . 
  this combined with erdogan 's horrible policies and megalomania , along with the refugee crisis has n't done the turkish image any favors . 
  it 's quite sad really . 
  i agree that many will stay , but i ca n't believe that up to 90 % of them will stay . 
  at the end of the day , unless merkel actually takes some decisive action ( which she wont ) then the country is already kind of fucked . 
  to be fair only about 750.000 will be granted asylum buuuuuut they will also have their families sent in so lets multiply this figure by 3 to get a more realistic figure . 
  2.25 million people is nothing to sniff at for one years worth of immigration . 
  not to mention that numbers of migrants are n't expected to peak until 2017 if something is n't done . 
  to be fair most people only had a real hatred for the english , and at that it was more directed at southerners , which is a thing even inside the uk itself . 
  afaik there are existing tunnels under dublin which were made by the english specifically for an underground too . 
  * * this with a grain of salt , as i just heard this from some folks while working as bartender, 
  absolutely shameful to see the fp\u00d6 getting into power , and it 's also shameful to see the main parties doing nothing to quell issues raised by their voter base . 
  it 's a lose lose situation . 
  he 's anti federalist in general but likes the idea of a unified army for strength . 
  these traits are not mutually exclusive , at least not in my opinion . 
  live near zuid-limburg can confirm . 
  it 's usually either absolute muck or sweet goodness . 
  well 800 years of colonialism and oppression will do that . 
  i do n't mind the term british isles though because for the time being at least it 's the correct term . 
  southern ireland is not . 
  technically yes but the island of ireland contains two countries , ireland and northern ireland . 
  if you want to make a distinction you can use the republic of ireland but it is not the country 's official name . 
  ireland is an island with two countries on it , ireland and northern ireland . 
  that 's great that you believe that ireland should be only used to refer to the island of ireland but ireland is the official name of the country south of the border from you . 
  republic of ireland is often used to distinguish between people from ireland and northern ireland so you can use that too by all means . 
  southern ireland on the other hand is just ridiculous . 
  well southern ireland was the name given to ireland during home rule before the war of independence for one thing . 
  for another it just sounds ridiculous to any irish person . 
  why not just call it ireland ? 
  last time i checked this is what we are rendered to as by pretty much everyone except a few people from the uk . 
  sorry to drag this off topic but i have a small favor to ask . 
  can we please top with this whole southern ireland thing . 
  its just ireland ( or the republic of ireland ) . 
  i do n't mean this in a snide way against you but it 's a pet peeve of many irish people . 
  i admit you 're totally correct that ireland is using tax relief loopholes for multinationals as an economic crutch . 
  the problem is that it 's extremely difficult to stay competitive with countries on the mainland as an island nation with such a small population . 
  i do n't think that it 's right , but we 're not going to be able to create a sustainable local economy any time soon . 
  you know i see your point of view and it makes perfect sense . 
  my only worry is that these 6 thousand workers do n't exist inside a vacuum . 
  if apple were to leave cork i 'm afraid it would have a huge knock on effect on the rest of the city . 
  then there are all the other multinationals in ireland such as pfizer , amazon , microsoft , twitter etc who are waiting and seeing what is going to happen here . 
  apple employs 10 % of the private sector employees in cork so yup , its a pretty big employer . 
  we 're not the only ones . 
  the netherlands , belgium and luxembourg also have companies paying little to no tax . 
  the whole city is super safe . 
  you can feel that there was a bit more surface level drug dealing around margareteng\u00fcrtel / thalia/prater recently buy overall crime numbers are coming down i believe . 
  ottakring , favoriten and floridsdorf are often considered to be the the three `` ghettos '' of vienna . 
  what are ya on about ? 
  bad parts of vienna ?
