its the precedent to be honest . 
  a majority vote should not have cut it in this situation . 
  forcing asylum seekers on countries that do n't want them is not going to work and it has greatly damaged inter european relations and given euro skeptics fuel for their fire . 
  he unhcr figures do n't agree with what your saying . 
  at the last count ( aug 2015 ) only 27 % of all asylum seekers are from syria . 
  if you take in every single person who is listed as stateless or without a passport this number only rises to 37 % . 
  you do realise that germany also benefited hugely from both the eu and the euro right ? 
  we already have one as far as i know . 
  i agree that racism is bollox , but let 's be fair here the amount of refugees is unsustainable , especially as it 's not expected to peak until 2017 . 
  furthermore the way the situation has been handled has been atrocious . 
  we can not provide adequate housing and living standards for the refugees we have already taken in , never mind the hundreds of thousands who will come over the next few years . 
  we need to provide for those who are already in europe first , make sure they have an adequate standard of living , and then focus on taking more refugees . 
  the open door policy is n't working , and if anything it 's only creating more racism and fueling the right wing . 
  it 's a bit easier when you do n't have to have to go through another flight though . 
  no worries . 
  thanks for the thanks  . 
  i 'm in my late 20ies . 
  i did n't grow up here , and coming from a rough part of ireland , i scrutinised vienna when i arrived as it seemed like a paradise too safe to be true . 
  i always asked people to show me the ghettos , the rough neighbourhoods , but never really found one . 
  i also lived in one of the `` bad '' neighbourhoods ( 10th ) for 2 years with never seeing any trouble . 
  it 's still not bad on the grand scheme of things but there has been a noticeable difference , at least appearances wise ( i believe overall , crime statistics are on the decrease ) . 
  i do n't know if crime is actually on the increase , but the city is certainly appearing rougher and rougher . 
  do n't get me wrong vienna is still a very very very safe city , but in recent months have i started to actually see stuff like junkies shooting up off the main shopping street ( mariahilferstra\u00dfe ) , people being robbed down by the donau kanal and 10 man brawls in the near karlsplatz . 
  not to mention how praterstern has evolved since it was done up before the european cup . 
  i know . 
  i 'm not saying crime is rising , i 'm saying criminality and homelessness and hard drug use are becoming more visible . 
  cheers . 
  you could n't do that simply because then no one can get through the border . 
  you want to stop the refugees without fucking up everyone else 's day . 
  i would n't be afraid of this , what i would start to fear is the way that vienna as a city is going . 
  for the first time in 5 years i 'm starting to notice actual crime and a seedy underbelly here and it ai n't fl\u00fcchtlinge either . 
  video is n't working for me , anyone have a mirror ? 
  can you give me a source in regards to 85 % of asylum seekers committing crime in the first year ? 
  not living at home right now so i 'm not following all the irish media . 
  my understanding is though that we will take in 4000 refugees to start and go from there . 
  do n't forget ireland , we also have an opt out . 
  i do n't myself but someone around here should !, 
  from my experiences ( living in ireland , germany , and austria as well as spending a lot of time in the neighbouring countries ) it 's almost non existent . 
  the original bbc report stated otherwise . 
  they 've changed it since . 
  and you 're sticking up for this why ? 
  first time i can ever actually support a decision by orban . 
  at first i thought the fence was a bit too extreme , but now i totally agree with it for the time being . 
  because people were largely pressured and fear mongered into it . 
  most nations did n't have the chance to vote on the lisbon treaty and in the case of ireland they did n't like it when we voted no , so they insisted we vote again until we changed our minds . 
  well to the best of my knowledge the balkan countries were n't facing the same natural resources problems ( water in syria ) or a massively powerful terrorist organisation on their front door ( isis ) . 
  also regardless of who comes into power people can always claim that they fought for the other side and are in danger of being branded a traitor if they return . 
  i honestly do n't know enough about the balkan situation ( although i really should read up on it , as it heavily pertains to the current crisis ) but did this not happen there too ? 
  if so , why not ? 
  comparing syria with the balkans seems quite like apples and oranges to me ? 
  yeah but the majority of people coming into europe are from the middle east . 
  it 's a lot harder for a guy from iraq to claim hes from libya . 
  you can correct me if i am wrong , but it seems like the uk does n't have anything on austria hungary greece or germany . 
  i disagree . 
  merkel knew how her comments would be taken up by the press , but still digressed . 
  your statement is incorrect . 
  of course islam is a part of germany , the turks are their biggest minority . 
  then again lets not let facts get in between hate speech . 
  i doubt it will be a landslide , especially considering the amount of support for refugees in the city . 
  everywhere i go all i see is refugees welcome stickers and banners . 
  i can see the fp\u00d6 taking a lot of votes , but who in their right mind would want strache as mayor over h\u00e4upl ? 
  if the fp\u00d6 takes vienna i 'll be bummed out . 
  is strache himself running for mayor ? 
  as long as we do n't lose the heads this time - oh wait , too late . 
  that would be philosophical matter . 
  no i did n't realise actually , it 's not as if it 's common knowledge !, 
  thanks for the heads up !, 
  well the more you know . 
  had no idea !, 
  at this point i would normally call you a troll , but you have had an account for 4 years , so sell it to me !, 
  how i 'm wrong i mean . 
  i 'm always open to new ways of thinking , and if you can somehow convince me , i 'll be the first to admit i 'm wrong . 
  also , i do n't spend much time on reddit , i certainly do n't let it decide my political decisions ... 
  first , social democracy does not equate to communism . 
  second , it 's been very successful here in austria , as well as canada , norway , netherlands etc. 
  third , sanders has almost no hope of winning the democratic nomination despite the reddit hullabaloo . 
  fourth , he 's actually better than all the current competition in my view . 
  this was all over british and austrian media . 
  i hope you die ? 
  what are you like 12 ? 
  this is a place for civil discussion dude , chill . 
  while i would n't call you a nazi , i have no idea where your ' e getting the idea that overpopulation and climate change are to blame for the current refugee crisis . 
  these will no doubt cause massive refugee crises down the line , but the current crisis ? 
  this is like the 3rd time i have seen this on r/europe 's front page . 
  we get it !, 
  the problem it that it 's a very fine balance between doing what is rational and calculated , and doing what will please the people . 
  sometimes they overlap , but i would n't say that about the migrant situation at the moment . 
  well morally , i see no reason why someone who was a former soldier could n't become a refugee either . 
  hungarians are generally grand out . 
  do n't paint them all with the same brush because of a few bad apples . 
  can a soldier be a refugee ? 
  a refugee is a civilian . 
  former soldiers may qualify , for instance , but a person who continues to take part in military activities can not be considered for asylum . 
  ( taken from http://www.unhcr.org/3b4c06578.html ) does n't looks like he 's a soldier to me anymore so , yup he is a refugee . 
  former combatants can become refugees too you know ... 
  you ca n't compare europe to america . 
  we are not federalised , i know a lot of people wish we were , but we are n't . 
  also i ca n't see primary sector jobs staying in germany for much longer with the advent of the minimum wage ( in and around 8.50 ) as well as the increased mechanisation of labour . 
  it would seem quite short sighted for any politician to want to bring in asylum seekers for that reason in 2015 germany . 
  yup , because 9/11 was brought on by the rise islam in america ... s /,
