  let 's cut that in half , as about 50 % of all migrants do n't get refugee status . 
  voila , 2.5 % of germany will me immigrants . 
  to me , that 's honestly not scary at all . 
  i was there today , it 's insane . 
  if you live in the area , donate stuff , they need it a lot more then we do . 
  plus you are simply stating wrong facts . 
  of course does the press report these incidents . 
  honestly , fuck off . 
  either give facts or shut up . 
  but i guess that 's how you people act right now . 
  state wrong facts , act as if they were backed up and go from there . 
  what 's your response gon na be ? 
  i think bill cosby raped more women then immigrants currently have in europe . 
  same argument with churches in turkey and mosques in germany . 
  i do n't fucking care what turkey thinks about christian churches . 
  this is not turkey , this is germany . 
  we practice freedom of religion , and i do n't care what other states do . 
  that 's what i would give without even thinking about it and i guess most people here could give away that much without significantly lowering their quality of life, 
  i could show you pictures of the last occupy protests in frankfurt and say the exact same thing about deporting all ( !! ), 
  left wing radicals . 
  but that would be generalisation . 
  i have no problem with deporting asylum seekers who commit serious crimes like that one . 
  i welcome it . 
  but in germany asylum is a basic human right and we ca n't deny that . 
  so even if there actually was a high number of `` welfare immigrants '' , we would still have to check every single one and give them a chance . 
  generalisation is wrong . 
  in that case it was syrians . 
  so i guess they did n't come for 154 euros a month in aid money . 
  this is so sad . 
  higher borders and walls wo n't change this situation , it 's only going to get worse !, 
  i am willing to give up 10 % of my standard if that means that these people do n't have to suffer anymore . 
  argghhhhhhhhh . 
  fuck this world . 
  fuck europe . 
  fuck war . 
  this makes you feel so helpless, 
  yeah , that 's what i meant . 
  english is still my second language : /, 
  hey , cool . 
  i am chilling in the kilians pub right now . 
  in munich it 's usually 3-4 euros , in my hometown it 's 3.20 everywhere . 
  the alcohol tax is solemnly based on the alcohol content in germany ( if thats what yo uare talking about ) . 
  so it 's not becasue its beer , it 's just becasue it doesnt have that much alcohol . 
  i mean , i also ended up in some cheap bar in toulouse where 10 .25 s in plastic cups were like 10 euros . 
  but that seemed not like a `` normal '' offer . 
  but you are right , its cheaper then what i said in the op . 
  when i travelled france , i ended up paying between 3 euros for a 0.25 in several bars and 8 euros for a 0.5 in a nightclub in paris . 
  even smaller bars charged at least 2.50 for a .25 from my experience . 
  same here . 
  cans only if bottles are not an option . 
  i can explain this one . 
  beer in germany is dead cheap . 
  you can buy a cheap can for as low as 29cts and even in bars it rarely succeeds 3 euros for 0.5 liters . 
  in france , for example , you easily pay 8 euros for half a liter in a bar . 
  why is this ? 
  in germany , beer is treated like food . 
  ( contrary to wine which is something to enjoy ) in pretty much all other countries , beer is , like wine , something intended to be enjoyed at a special occasion ( or at least not every day ) . 
  this attitude is causing huge problems within the german brewers as they struggle to keep up with rising prices for wheat and malt but on the other hand almost ca n't raise their prices . 
  when in the late 19th century the bavarian brewers collectively raised their prices by 5 cents , a public outrage ensued and many people were killed in the uproar . 
  so yeah . 
  do n't fuck with our beer price . 
  i might have overestimated the greek assets . 
  for example they only have about 2000 km of highway so that 's no really worth much in terms of possible toll . 
  7cts a km , 5 million travelers each trravling somewhat 10000km a year ... equals 3.500.000.000 euros . 
  deduct some basic maintenance crap and that leaves you with ... maybe 2 bil a year ? 
  might work . 
  thats what i said . 
  4 million homes foreclosed from 2007 to 2012 in the us . 
  real homes . 
  real families . 
  i agree it sucks for the greek people and there should be aid for the ones who need it most now . 
  but as i said , in times of economic growth , everyone benefits from the state . 
  why shold n't you be liable in case a recession ? 
  and no , i wouldnt allow you to cut off my sisters leg because she owes you money . 
  but i would strongly encourage her to stop spending and lower her living standards drastically to be able to pay you back . 
  she was able to spend that money , why shouldnt she be able to save it ? 
  yep . 
  thats what i did . 
  why is that different ? 
  during the financial crysis in 2008 , there were over 4 million homes foreclosed in the us . 
  thats 40 % of greece . 
  its nowhere as bad right now in greece , where is your prpblem ? 
  but where did the 280bil go ? 
  i know how it works , but isnt the newest proposal basically offering that ? 
  when you declare bankrupty , all of your valuable stuff is seized . 
  there is going to be a huge trust fund , worth 50 billion . 
  with that money , coming from selling greek government assets , a huge chunk of the debt will be paid back . 
  i could imagine another trust fund beeing set up within 5 years , same thing happens again . 
  and after 20 years , greece is debt free , but mostly in the hands of private investors . 
  now they can start buying back that stuff with hard cash . 
  to me , that 's pretty similar . 
  ( i agree that the part about debt forgiveness is fundmentally different . 
  but greece has so many valuable assests that it could easily pay back its loans , if those were liquidated ), 
  this is not about curreny . 
  and why should n't greece be treated like a insolvent company ? 
  they ca n't pay . 
  they have huge assets like ports and highways which can be privatized . 
  i also have to disagree with the currency suggestion of the author of that article . 
  if greece retunr to its old curreny , they still have debt . 
  they 'll print as many drachmes as the 'll need to cover that and boom .
