  inflation and their money is worth nothing . 
  that 's no solution either , also because the structual problems will remain . 
  i 've thought about that , and i think you are right . 
  the creditors do n't care much about the future of greece right now . 
  but frankly , why should they ? 
  they 've just given more and more money to greece to overcome its financial and structual problems and most of it went nowhere . 
  i think this is the point when , small scale speaking , the bank does n't take your shit about getting a job next week and repaying that loan anymore . 
  they are gon na try to get their money , no matter what . 
  exactly . 
  especially when you think of portugal ireland and spain . 
  imagine their anger in case of a debt cut . 
  this is not meant to be offensive . 
  i probably cant imagine the suffering of old and poor people there right now . 
  it sucks that you government mismanaged money for so long . 
  i just think it 's unfair to declare #thisisacoup or #boycottgermany simply beacuse germany wants it 's money back . 
  greece also used the help of golman sachs to hide debt in order to be accepted into the eu . 
  when i first heard about it my first thought was - he drove a mercedes convertible . 
  does that make him more likely to be an islamic extremist or less ? 
  wikipedia on capitalism `` capitalism is an economic system and a mode of production in which trade , industries , and the means of production are largely or entirely privately owned . 
  private firms and proprietorships usually operate in order to generate profit [ ... ] '' capitalism only values productivity . 
  communism only values ... well , the same . 
  so i 'd like to bounce that question back . 
  why do state mandates for productivity sound communist ? 
  what ? 
  that actually sounds very capitalistic . 
  yep , totally sure . 
  8,50 is really not much for germany , i am a university student and sometimes get paid up to 17-20 euros/hour for it stuff . 
  it 's ridicolous . 
  i wo n't tell you that . 
  i know it 's a hard time for a lot of people in greece right now . 
  have you considered going abroad for a while ? 
  `` he that does n't learn , is living life like an ox . 
  he gains weight , but no knowledge . '', 
  i think everyone should be able to learn what they want for free . 
  but i also think there should be a law that prohibits these people from bitching about low wages . 
  you knew it would be hard when you began studying . 
  sociology is actually pretty handy , all these surveys you are reading about right now are often conducted by sociologists . 
  it really is n't , considering the masters degree . 
  deduct rent , some food and basic insurance and you end up with maybe 300 euros after all basic needs are covered . 
  that 's no way to live . 
  unfortunately your link is broken , but our minimum wage is 8.50 / hour , as far as i know . 
  have you ever thought about migrating temporarely to another eu state ? 
  you speak english , are probably young and know computer stuff . 
  that 's not bad . 
  you are right . 
  deduct taxes and insurance , there you go . 
  i am sorry , but that would be a terrible world to live in . 
  it 's not all about cash . 
  ( says the guy studying business administration ), 
  a friend of mine also has a masters degree in art history and is now working full time for a very well-known museum in germany . 
  she moved to a new city just for this job and earns 1100 euros a month . 
  her friends from university consider her lucky . 
  this is not just a problem in greece , it 's also in germany . 
  we have a system of constant entrepreneurial suppression . 
  it 's embedded so deep in our system that close to zero people even think about founding a company . 
  people laugh at failed entrepreneurs simply because they are happy that somebody could n't `` cheat '' the system and make a lot of money on their own and fulfil their dream . 
  it disgusts me . 
  but that 's what i meant . 
  just because 58 % of all germans want to , does n't mean we actually can break nato treaties just like that . 
  as i said , i think this poll just shows the unwillingness in germany to go to war , not the unwillingness to defend our allies . 
  we will try to negotiate up to the point where we really have no other choice then fighting , which , imho , is the best idea . 
  i think you guys overinterpret the poll . 
  my guess is that most people simply do n't want to go to war at all and do n't care about the circumstances . 
  this is not about us hating the us or favoring russia . 
  this is about germany being a country that has made enough bad experiences with war . 
  we pledged to not get involved in the iraq and that was the best decision we could make back then . 
  everybody criticised us for that decision but it turned out to be be the right one . 
  plus - 6 million americans think there are lizard people controlling the world , but luckily these people do n't control the government . 
  same thing 's the case here . 
  just because people think it 's gon na be like that , does n't mean it 's gon na be like that . 
  refugees ca n't choose where they want to live , at least in germany . 
  that 's my point . 
  maybe , just maybe , a lack of money , language and contacts ? 
  do you know how expensive it is to rent a home in a city ? 
  i am a student and it is impossible to rent a flat on your own , the first rent plus the deposit alone are easily 2000 euros here in munich . 
  i was born here and raised and without my parents help i could n't live here . 
  oh really ? 
  mine says it 's about 1/3 college education 1/3 high school diploma and 1/3 less . 
  gosh , what are you reading ? 
  i was on prague this morning ... you can basically go to any hostel and they will hook you up with pub crawls . 
  alternatively just go to the place below wenzel square in prague , with the sun clock . 
  there are tons of people advertising pub crawls . 
  in munich , i one went to the a/o hostel and it seemed like a fun place to be , just do the standard touristic program and also maybe visit the oktoberfest ? 
  from there you can take a cheap train to insbruck ( bayern ticket around 23 euros ) and then to vienna . 
  logic does n't work for these people . 
  be careful , r/europe hates logic . 
  it is pretty ridiculous to call the german press not free because of these restrictions . 
  they were put in place after long and intense discussions and the legal debate about them is still ongoing . 
  or to put it differently , it took over 40 million people to die to prohibit one salute , a sign and the spreading of a proven wrong fact . 
  yeah , they just want to avoid possible lawsuits . 
  it 's much easier to just cut it then potentially having to prove that video games are art . 
  bull.shit . 
  the only things you can not do are denying the holocaust , printing a swastika in a context that is not historical or art and show the hitler salute . 
  ( in public ) you can praise the nazis all you want besides that , with multiple magazines and websites already doing so . 
  a wonderful , blond-haired trainwreck . 
  i have access to the uni lan at home , i pay nothing for a 100mbit dedicated line . 
  this must be one of the dumbest comments i have ever read on reddit ... 
  even farther in this case ... if someone is driving alomg with 100km/h ( 36m/s ) and not paying attention , even at 50 meters he only has about 1.3 seconds of reaction time - way to little !, 
  sorta the bavarian beverly hills . 
  as i said - without manslaughter .
