we are killing them on electric chairs and with poison `` under jesus '' . 
  every american kid swears an oath `` under god '' every morning and i am pretty sure judges are still sworn in with a bible . 
  so yeah ... ... 
  the problem with christianity are the moral values that are taken for law , like women being worth less , being lgbti will makes worth less and basically every infidel is worth less . 
  if people want to belief in this , fine by me , whatever floats your boat , but i do get a problem when both people put their religion over constitutional , local law and people use their religion as `` excuse '' for violent actions respectively . 
  this is a very two sided sword . 
  seehofer is very well known for sticking to the public opinion even if that 's totally contrary to what he said 2 years ago . 
  wendehals at its best . 
  also 143 euros a month do n't buy you shit . 
  that 's like 4 nights at a cheap hotel and you are broke . 
  you are not allowed to leave your designated county once assigned to it while they check you status . 
  that 's a punishable offense . 
  please inform yourself before posting simply wrong information, 
  would you wan na live in transilvania ? 
  there you go , you 've earned it . 
  they straightforward went to rich countries . 
  france , gb and the us were the main targets . 
  and the governments of these countires mostly had very shitty attitudes towards them . 
  yeah , well most of them are . 
  but tell me , how do you think , cultural and behaviouristic , 2 out of 100 people are gon na make a huge impact ? 
  can you back up that claim ? 
  or are you just saying things you want to be true ? 
  yeah , well most of them are . 
  but tell me , how do you think , cultural and behaviouristic , 2 out of 100 people are gon na make a huge impact ? 
  nah its horrible , all of it . 
  i mean i ` ve never tasted it , but a lot of my friends say it 's really bad . 
  have you never heard of that one serving of cevapvici that gang raped an innocent little girl ? 
  can you back up that claim ? 
  the bavarian prime minister broght up that number , i 'll see if i can find the source, 
  i actually saw that too . 
  but should n't we try to learn from that and try to be better ? 
  to help prevent this like that happening again ? 
  worst case - 800.000 applicants a year over the next 5 years . 
  thats 1.440.000 people who get accepted , which ends up beeeing 1,78 % of the population . 
  ( note , this is a worst case scenario , no one returns , the war keeps raging , usw . ), 
  this means , every fiftieth person in germany now would be of a different skin color . 
  no one wants to change that . 
  degrees can and are already compared within countries , i dont see the problem here . 
  yeah , but can you show me one ? 
  do you really think unskilled people would be employed if their work was bad ? 
  no , there isnt . 
  if you fulfill certain requirements you can apply for citizenship after a while . 
  basically , when you come from certain eastern states , the assumption that you come to seek asylum and not to work here is reversed by law . 
  a syrian refugee will always be treated as if he is telling the truth although he has to back up his claim . 
  a refugee from these so called `` balkan states '' has to prove that he is not coming because of economical reasons . 
  which is fairly hard . 
  i wish . 
  but the fear of every 50th german beeing not white is still deeply embedded within us . 
  can you show me just one statistic that proves all imigrants are gang rapists ? 
  i am eager to see it . 
  geduldet translates as `` tolerated '' , so basically of almost 85k people , who were tolerated end of 2015 , more than 53k are still residing in germany . 
  makes it sound a bit differnt , huh ? 
  yeah , hunagarian food is known for its shitty taste . 
  i wouldnt dare asking a refuge to put up with that , they 'll probably get ill from it . 
  this is a killer argument . 
  for now , we just have to assume that everything is done rightful and correct . 
  if we do n't assume that , there is no need for discussion . 
  but to anser your question - it would be hard . 
  as an illegal , you would be forced to go beg/steal for a living and especially in bavaria , police are super harsh on beggars . 
  as all asylum seekers are registered wit htheir fingerprints , it would be very easy to identify them and forcefully remove them from germany . 
  this is a small problem . 
  schwarzarbeit is also not an option , since the checksare strit and the fines are high . 
  no sane to-be-illegal employer would rely on some obviously non-native ( not even european looking ) workers . 
  this has two reasons . 
  for one , it forces the granting state to do something against the war . 
  if it can be resolved in time , th refugees will go home . 
  secondly , three years is a long time . 
  i think these people need a perspective or else they wo n't integrate because - `` hey , we are gon na sent back in three years anyways , why even bother to learn the language , get a job or reach out to the locals , it will all be forcefully destroyed anyways '' . 
  this gives them at least the chance to adapt . 
  please educated yourself about how this works , it helps a lot understanding . 
  after 3 years of living in germany ( if your claim was rightful ) , if the conditions in their home country have changed , you are forcefully sent back . 
  but if after 3 years the conditions have stayed the same , you will receive the right to stay for an unlimited amount of time . 
  i think that 's fair . 
  but please note that this only applies to `` first-grade '' asylums seekers ( the ones with excellent , backed up resasons ) . 
  for refugees with a `` lower '' status , rules are a lot harsher . 
  you just described the process of seeking for asylum , that 's pretty much how it works . 
  it 's not a magic `` here have citizenship '' tool, 
  fuck yeah , we did it . 
  we showed at least some people compassion and hopefully made them feel at least a bit welcome . 
  today i am proud of my city . 
  when you look throughout our history , germans fled a lot of times . 
  during the 19 . century , in the 1920s , 1933-1949 and 1989 . 
  how can some of my fellow germans not even grant these people the right to at least apply for asylum , or worse , openly harass them ? 
  it saddens me that history is so quickly forgotten . 
  he speaks the language and has citizenship . 
  he can always get a job and earn money by himself . 
  these people can not do that right now , and if we put them all in ghettos outside the city , we will actually get real problems . 
  these are not second class people . 
  they deserve a chance . 
  that 's not from munich , our trash cans look different . 
  plus , what does this photo say ? 
  gosh , someone threw away some bread . 
  let 's stop all the help because maybe one asshole could n't behave ? 
  is that what you want me to believe now ? 
  why should i ? 
  damm them for getting housing . 
  it 's not their fault prices are fucking high . 
  what do you want to do with them , make them live on the streets ? 
  let 's assume the war in syria and the isis crysis carries on for another 5 years . 
  that 's 5 * 800000 refugees a year .
