  that 's a-okay . 
  people uncomfortable around burkinis = hold your horses , who do you think you are regulating what people can and can not do . 
  i disagree . 
  there 's plenty of things that are banned/illegal that are not harmful to anyone , and i agree with lots of them . 
  and they 're really not sending society 10 steps back by being illegal . 
  and there are plenty of things that are harmful but should still be legal . 
  alcohol is harmful , tobacco is harmful , should these be made illegal ? 
  here 's a question , if the government can make laws to mandate the minimum amount of clothing you must wear , is it really that strange for them to make laws saying the maximum amount you can wear ? 
   like what ? 
  burkini is a slag for full cover swimsuit . 
  unless you 're willing to unload shit load of cash for wetsuit you can get a wetsuit for near the same price as a burkini , about 20-30 pounds . 
  you do n't need to go out and buy a professional diving wetsuit , you can ones on the cheap quite easily . 
   and you think your solution will help ? 
  your solution will only prevent them entirely from going to beaches . 
  social pressure wo n't stop just because you ca n't wear what they want anymore . 
  that 's not how it works ... obviously their family will object but as i said how is your solution helping ? 
  your goal was to help these oppressed women but your solution literally made them unable to go to beaches now . 
  if you ban burkinis forget wearing bikini they would n't even be able to go to the beaches anymore . 
  it stops it from being normalised and encourages them to think of why they 're following a religion that forces them to dress a certain way ( burkini or nothing ) when everybody else can dress how they want , which puts pressure on these isolated communities to conform to the society that surrounds them . 
   having an legal pressure to get you half naked is even worse . 
  there 's no legal pressure to get half naked . 
  there 's plenty of things you can wear to a beach that do n't involve getting half naked . 
   it is not however you 're supporting the ban of this type of swimsuit implying everybody who wear it willing are being oppressed . 
  the issue is n't that all the women wearing it are being oppressed , the issue is that women who do n't want to wear it but are shamed by their community into wearing it are being oppressed . 
  what do you think would be the reaction for a devout-muslim family who wants their daughters to wear burkinis will be when their daughters might want to wear a bikini or a one-piece ? 
  do you think they would allow their daughter to wear a bikini ? 
  or would the daughter be shamed or punished till she wore a burkini . 
   or are you one of those sexist assholes who believe that women are unable to see whether they 're being oppressed or not because they have been indoctrinated ? 
  no , i just think heavy social pressure for women to cover their bodies based on ancient religious text to stop male gaze and to `` protect their modesty '' is fucked up . 
  although you do seem to think that internalising misogyny is somehow impossible , which is sad . 
  women can very much be a part of a system that oppresses other women , you just have to look at mothers who give their little girls fgm . 
  or look at women who would shame and disown for daughters for losing their virginity . 
  women can very much be a part of a system that works to oppress them , and to call that out does not make me a `` sexist asshole '' ( in your own words ) . 
  there 's 70 year old christian women who will happily tell you the only place for a woman is in the household , but guess what , that 's still sexist of them to say . 
  re-made my comment because auto-moderator blocked it because apparently one of the first pictures for finding a burkini on google is from the daily mail . 
  the burkini does n't look exactly comfortable either though once wet . 
  i 'm sure it 's fine when dry , but as soon as it gets wet it looks like a bad time , so much bundled wet fabric rubbing together . 
  hell even wearing swimming trunks can be a bit annoying when you get out of the ocean , i ca n't imagine how irritating it would feel to have your entire body encased by damp bundled fabric . 
  it 's targeted because it 's a symbol of the religions oppression of women , yes . 
  if a burkini was only about modesty why is a wetsuit not good enough ? 
   but can you at least acknowledge that you are insisting a woman essentially strip off her clothes and display far more flesh than she feels comfortable about ? 
  and maybe just empathize , even a little , with that ? 
  how would you feel when your fellow citizens insist no , you really have to be naked if you want to have a quiet day on the beach with your friends and family ? 
  but nobodies doing that . 
  you do know you can go to a beach and not wear swimwear right . 
  the options are n't burkini/bikini/nothing plenty of people go to the beach in regular clothes and will wear swimwear underneath if they want to change to go into the ocean , fuck it 's really not uncommon to see people not even change out of a t-shirt to swim in the ocean . 
  if these women are uncomfortable wearing bikinis or one-pieces at the beach then they can obviously go in just normal clothing , it 's not uncommon to see somebody wearing a pair of shorts and a t-shirt at the beach , or even swimming in them . 
  nobody is forcing anybody to strip down to a bikini to go to the beach . 
  and if wearing a pair of shorts is to scandalous there are still options such as wearing a wet-suit . 
  well put . 
  i wanted to put a bit of that into my posts but i could n't frame it quite as well as you did here . 
  on the plus side it does make studying the history of the isles quite interesting . 
  yes , and i think it 's perfectly fine to talk about that . 
  trying to reduce history to a simple `` if they just had n't invaded 400 years ago '' is silly however . 
  you want to talk about fucked up shit the british government did in the 1900s ? 
  sure thing , they did fucked up shit . 
  you want to reduce history down to `` they had no justification invading 400 years ago , if they just had n't we never would be in this problem ! '', 
  is just goofy . 
  i 'm not going to try and pretend like britain invading ireland was right or the morally right thing to do , but it did just happen because that 's just kind of what happened in those times . 
  it was wrong , but pretty much everything everyone did 400 years ago was wrong from a moral standpoint . 
  there are more recent examples that i think are fine to judge upon , the treatment of the troubles for example is within living memory . 
  it 's just i found that reducing everything down to `` well if they just had never done this in the first place '' irked me as the argument can be used for all of human history , and the response to it is difficult as unless there 's some amazing record keeping going on it 's hard to look into the justifications men made so many hundreds of years ago . 
  you 're talking about the actions of men 400 + years ago . 
  you ca n't look at it with justification from a modern standard . 
  fighting between other countries was very much just the normal thing that happened . 
  there was no justification needed in those times . 
  ireland was conquered because it could be conquered , that 's how the world worked 400 years ago , being a `` simple people '' was not an exception to be conquered in those times . 
  sorry , there was no justification for our ancestors to invade ireland , because they did n't care about justification because they lived 400 years ago . 
  honestly if those bloody romans had just stayed off our island none of this would have ever happened . 
  like literally none of this would have ever happened . 
   post-brexit it holds no appeal compared to other eu countries . 
  it speaks english , that 's inherently a humongous appeal for other english speaking nations . 
  australia has the same number of brits living in it to the number of brits living in eu countries . 
  why ? 
  because they speak english , and it 's far easier to move to country that speaks your language even without inherent right to work . 
  the uk is always going to be the place the majority of irish expats go to ( within europe ) simply because of language . 
  in or out of the eu . 
  if anything you might see other english speaking countries like canada/australia/new zealand become more popular destinations for irish expats , because once again language is a huge trump card . 
   what created the racist atmosphere , in your opinion ? 
  why is it suddenly so prevalent ? 
  what could have caused it to appear in such strength in such a short time ? 
  i said i agree with you , i never disagreed with your points here . 
  my only point was that the rise in race crimes would happen no-matter the outcome of the vote . 
   this may be a shock , but it 's also true . 
  you operate in a country of parliamentary representative democracy , not direct democracy . 
  this may be a shock to you , but representative democracies occasionally use referendums when the need arises . 
  could it be that as referendums have become common place within representative democracies they might no-longer be exclusively used within only direct democratic systems ? 
  it 's almost like the system has changed from the literal and strict definition . 
  wow , is n't that crazy . 
  referendums have been a part of modern representative democracies for a while and are used quite frequently all over the globe within representative democracies , they are a part of the democratic system now . 
   you 're seriously sitting there saying that you do n't think a months-long campaign of populist nationalism and xenophobia had anything to do with the sudden rise of xenophobic attacks immediately following it 's success ? 
  seriously ? 
  i said that it would result in race crimes climbing regardless of if remain or leave won . 
  if remain won by 1-2 % we would have still seen a rise in race crime in my opinion . 
  you 'll notice that statement has nothing at all conflicting with what you just said , aside from you thinking that all these racists would magically evaporate if it was a 2 % win for remain . 
   no , it was a disruption of the democratic process . 
  read up on it some time . 
  so you think that giving people referendums for a choice is a disruption of the democratic process . 
  so just to clarify , you also agree that for example giving scotland a referendum for independence would be a disruption of the democratic process . 
  or you think that the referendum to stay in the eu in 1975 was a disruption of the democratic process ( technically the eec at the time ) , yes ?
