  if we 're assigning burdens then a eu citizen coming over and looking for work is more of a burden to the system than non-eu students coming over to pay expensive tuition fees . 
  [ an inside look at the inner workings of the eu ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/e2/c9/44/e2c94426e1d4b2949c6b210c2acd7197.jpg ), 
  i 'm sure blair would say it was worth it all . 
  ok , well , maybe not publicly because that would be a suicide move given that he 's trying to get back into politics . 
  and maybe it was , it 's not like anybody can have a time-machine and see what london would be like today if the uk had put restrictions on movement like germany did . 
  they just massively under-estimated the social consequences of what they were doing in regards to their core voters outside of london . 
  the original document they made back in 2000 over immigration mentioned social impact , this part was then edited out for the 2001 release of said document . 
  it has pretty much fucked labour over for the considerable future . 
  they made the decision to allow immigration from day 1 because they thought it would destroy the right , and it backfired horribly . 
  i honestly believe we would n't be sitting here now talking about brexit if labour had put in temporary immigration controls on eastern europe like every other large economy during the eu expansion . 
  maybe in a decade from now the political will would have been there , maybe . 
   the people in the uk did n't have to do that `` a former government adviser and speech writer for tony blair , jack straw and david blunkett , said the aim of labour 's immigration strategy was to ` rub the right 's nose in diversity and render their arguments out of date ' . '', 
  `` he said labour 's relaxation of controls was a deliberate plan to open up the uk to mass migration but that ministers were nervous and reluctant to discuss such a move publicly for fear it would alienate its core working class vote '' . '', 
  yeah totally a move for the people , by the people . 
  worked out great . 
  since when was masturbating or looking at porn an adult activity . 
  a kid can go buy the sun and jerk off to boobs on page 3 . 
  regardless . 
  the biggest problem is forcing age restrictions on any website that hosts pornographic content has * major * ramifications . 
  should you be 18 to use youtube ? 
  twitter ? 
  tumblr ? 
  that 's absurd right , youtube and twitter , tumblr and reddit are used by literally hundreds of millions of kids under the age of 18 . 
  it 's fine . 
  [ but oh , well , there 's pornographic content on reddit . 
  a lot actually . ], 
  ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gonewild/ ) [ well look at you twitter , dirty ] ( https://twitter.com/timeafanclub ) [ youtube ? 
  you too ?! ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jzv-hgnz7i ) do i even have to make a link for tumblr ? 
  are you going to force age gates on all these sites , and if they refuse ( because you know , none of these are hosted in the uk and do n't have to comply with the law ) the law says they must be blocked . 
  it 's censorship of the internet that can be levied at any site that hosts images or videos . 
  because there 's no way beyond extreme censorship ( hello facebook ) that sites like these can operate without porn showing up here and there . 
  putting restrictions on gambling sites on the other hand does not have those repercussions because gambling sites are just that , gambling sites . 
  the very nature of using these sites in the first place leads to easy verification of the users age , you have to put in online money that is tied to you . 
  they 're not just general platforms for sharing videos or images . 
  not to mention the huge security concerns with forcing sites to hold public information about you . 
  you give a gambling site your credit card information to prove your legal , that 's fine , they literally need it anyway for you to use their site in the first place . 
  do you trust them with your information ? 
  not fucking likely . 
  if this law is brought into place i can guarantee you there 's going to be a major breach of uk data in the near term future , because all these seedy sites are now going to require your personal information for you to access them , and not every single one of these sites is going to have the level of security of https://www.sis.gov.uk/ it 's going to be a complete and utter administrative nightmare for almost every large internet site that wants to have traffic from the uk . 
  and let me just finally clarify . 
  even if a website agrees to all the wacky legislation the uk is currently demanding , that website will still need to actively censor content from the 18 + uk users that the bbfc deems `` non-conventional '' it does n't matter about the age verification , if there 's content that is `` non-conventional '' that must be blocked , for all uk users , be them 16 , 18 , 21 or 200 years old . 
  that 's where the censor part of the main title of this thread comes from . 
   again this is about bringing online sites under the same laws as physical stores . 
  and if you use the internet for about 5 minutes you 'll realise that the internet is nothing like a physical store . 
  i 'm sure these mps are fond of using twitter as a platform , part of me hopes big isps comply with the law to the letter and block it for pornographic content that 's rife on it . 
  changing tunes would be sung the following day . 
  sad that 'll never happen because twitter is too big , but hey , it 's a fantasy . 
  ^ wait ^ shit ^ ^ is ^ ^ that ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ non-convential ^ ^ ^ ^ fanta -, 
   that is beyond pedantic because german/swiss/austrian federal states are countries in a union ( all have , people , goverment , are sovereign , have borders and so on ) as is england . 
  yeah / u/martins82 pointed out my ignorance of german history and language a short while ago , i opted not to edit it though just for continuity for anybody reading these posts in the future . 
  this was my bad and in hindsight was stupid to bring up . 
   i do not agree that population density is a problem and i am highly in favour of increasing it `` artificially '' by incentivising moving to the cities . 
  there 's definitely some benefits to higher population density , economics off the top of my head are the most clear . 
  ca n't say i agree with you though on advocating for it to increase , but i 'll leave it at that . 
  fair enough , i did n't know that and i 'll keep that in mind in the future . 
  i went into more detail on why people bring up englands population density in my other response a little bit ago if you want to read it . 
  though keep in mind it was written when i was thinking of federal states so my pedantic rant at the start is wrong knowing that now . 
   german bundesl\u00e4nder are countries federal states of germany . 
  germany is the country , consisting of 16 federal states . 
  the uk is a country , consisting of 4 countries . 
  pedantic yes , but the reason people bring it up when talking about population density in the uk is because of the actual terrain and where people are in the country . 
  somebody living in england ( uk ) is n't benefiting from swaths of land around them like somebody might be in breman germany or hamburg or other german states , it 's a densely packed country that is filled with people , then has a bunch of un-inhabited mountain terrain in northern scotland far away from all the densely packed people . 
  going from berlin to hamburg there 's a ton of non-developed land . 
  the same can not be said going from london to birmingham just looking at the flat statistics is n't telling the whole truth . 
  that 's when people say `` oh the uk only has a population density of 260 people per 2km it 's not bad at all '' it 's a bit of twisting actual reality , because for your average person in the uk it 's not 260 people per 2km , the flat statistic is deflated due to uninhabited mountain terrain far away from the actual population centers which are tightly packed together . 
  you can argue this for a lot of places but i 'd say it 's especially true in the uk . 
  and out of all the large economies in the eu the uk is the biggest one with this problem . 
  so when people bring up englands population density over the uk it 's a way of bringing the actual reality into light for the by far largest part of the uks population . 
  we 're comparing country to country . 
  he said england , not the uk . 
  england has the 2nd highest population density in the eu , behind malta . 
   poor excuse . 
  it was the royal navys excuse . 
  i do n't really care because it happened so long ago that it would n't surprise me if somebody born the day it happened was reading this thread right now . 
   here is the difference on how a conflict is handled by a civilized country handles a conflict , and how a country run by hooligans and bigots does it . 
  [ ookay then ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/3rgxbredzgb2kao2l6/giphy-downsized-large.gif ), 
  you 're digging up a story from 2002 of a navy vessel losing its way due to bad weather . 
  ok . that 's a cool story of funny incompetence . 
  not really relevant here , because the issue here is the refusal to respond to radio but thanks anyway . 
  if it was a simple case of nobody being on the radio by accident you would think surely after the patrol boat pulled up near them somebody would go ahead and get on the radio . 
  i 'm no boating expert by any means , but i find it hard to believe that this vessel was just accidentally and entirely unaware til flares were fired . 
  either the crew was very incompetent or purposefully were n't responding to the radio . 
  those poor innocent researchers just trying to sail through . 
   ` reckless disregard for safety ' shown by research ship , which did not respond to radio contact oh wait . 
  nah , probably fine right . 
  any unidentified ship should just be able to enter territorial waters and refuse radio contact , that 's the reasonable thing for any ship to do . 
  they 're the victims here clearly . 
  anything for you mista . 
  if you want i could edit my original comment to include a disclaimer that no fun is allowed beyond this point . 
   94 % goes back to the uk no , no it does n't . 
  your link itself says it goes back into the whole of europe , including the uk . 
  that does not mean 94 % goes back into the uk . 
  the part you quoted is saying that out of the eu budget , 6 % is for administration , 94 % is for development and opportunities across the whole of europe . 
  if the uk pays for 12 % of that it does n't mean that 94 % of that 12 % goes back to the uk , that 's not what that means . 
  the uk has the rebate , which means that a portion of the money the uk `` gives '' to the eu is promised to be spent back in the uk . 
  * after * this rebate is applied the * net * contribution of the uk to the eus budget is around 7-8 billion . 
  [ you can check the up to date numbers for yourself here interactively by expenditure , revenue and operating budgetary balance on the european commissions website . ], 
  ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/interactive/index_en.cfm )  the loss to the eu budget is less than 1 % since we do n't have to fund projects in the uk anymore . 
  that 's not how it works or how the numbers add up .
