   all i said is that , it 's a bad sign when the leader of the government has no problem in publicly coming out with such non-inclusive , incendiary statements tell me , what non-inclusive incendiary statements did he make . 
  you got me . 
  there 's a point where having more nukes does n't mean shit . 
  north korea has barely any nukes , it does n't matter though because it has more than 1 . 
  name me a scenario where more than 50 nukes are required . 
  labour party members publicly disagreeing and fighting over policy in less than 24 hours ? 
  in ~ ~ current year ~ ~ 2016 ? 
  i am shocked and outraged . 
   if ireland properly capitalises on the trade to be gained from brexit , that whole ordeal could be very , very lucrative . 
  there is no trade to be gained from brexit . 
  britain is the uks largest trading partner by far , if the uk enters a recession it 's going to massively effect ireland too . 
  there 's a reason why `` when the uk sneezes , ireland catches a cold '' is a saying ( or some variation of said saying ) . 
  just how economic trade barriers between the uk and continental europe would be a disaster for the uk , trade barriers between ireland and the uk would be a disaster for ireland . 
  which is why when economists looked at what countries would be effected the most , [ ireland would be hit the hardest out of all remaining eu countries ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/irish-will-be-worst-hit-if-uk-leaves-eu-study-finds-1.2579268 ) there is no gain for ireland in the result of a hard brexit , and if you 've convinced yourself there 's some great economic growth just around the brexit corner you are in for a sour next few years . 
  simply put there 's no trade to be capatalised from if the country that the majority of your exports go into enters a recession . 
  there would be trade to be capatalised from if the uk had a soaring economy and could buy all kinds of new irish goods , but obviously if it 's in a recession that means its buying less goods , not more . 
  i 'm not going to touch on anything else you said because i 'm not the op you were responding to , but yeah . 
  that point is very wrong . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  i agree with you that this is mostly just posturing by the uk to show that we still have cards on our table . 
   which is a valid tactic but makes the start of negotiations even more adversarial that it needs to be . 
  though out of all the sides here i do n't think you can really pin the `` making it adversarial '' on us . 
  with holland giving speeches about how the uk must be made to pay for its actions and ministers from all over the eu talking about how welcoming they 'll be to uk businesses who leave the uk , it 's not really unreasonable for the uk to shove back too . 
  sitting back silently while eu countries try to court our high value businesses would be a disaster , the government had to give at-least something to show these businesses there is a reason to stay in the uk . 
  probably would n't help out , but it 's better than companies leaving is n't it . 
  it 's certainly not the end of the world in terms of budget increases , which is why the government proposed it as a solution in the first place . 
  what would be the better solution ? 
  doing nothing and allow the eu to continually court business after business out of the uk ? 
  that seems even worse . 
  you 're overestimating * just a weee bit * on how much a revenue hit a 10 % cut on corporation tax would be . 
   where is any indication that there is a profit/loss balance ? 
  well i assume the government looked at the figures and decided what was the highest amount they could reasonably cut without losing too much tax income . 
  i obviously do n't have these figures because you know , i 'm not part of the government . 
  * shifts eyes *  how many companies are going to be convinced to remain because of it and how many billions saved that way ? 
  i 'm not the government . 
  in theory though the idea is sound . 
  leaving the eu hard brexit style companies would want to move into it in order to save money due to loss of income by tariffs , if taxes are cut proportionally to how much income they would have lost by staying in the uk then there 's less incentive for them to leave . 
  and there 's also incentive for uk focused companies that are currently in ireland to relocate back to the uk . 
  well the goal obviously would be by keeping these companies in the uk they would pay lower taxes but still employ british people . 
  if they leave we lose all their taxes and all the people they employ anyway , so undercutting taxes massively while still making a small dent into the governments budget , would be nowhere near as bad if they stopped paying all together and fired everybody in the uk . 
  lose less tax money in order to avoid losing all tax money . 
  makes sense . 
  a cold but fair truth . 
   as for losing trade to ruk , that wo n't happen . 
  if the uk leaves the eu and scotland is fasttracked into the eu would n't it make the situtation out of both the uk and scotlands hands though . 
  if the uk goes hard brexit and scotland quickly enters the eu it does n't matter what scotland or the uk wants , trade is handled by the eu . 
  scotland would n't be allowed to negotiate its own trade deal with the uk . 
  does n't matter what the uk or scotland would want . 
  if like everybody on this sub is creaming themselves over the uk and the eu resort to wto trade only then scotland will have to wait however long it takes for the eu to sort out an actual free trade agreement with the uk . 
   `` the idea that the eu ( uk ) wo n't trade with us just because we 're leaving is complete balderdash ! '', 
  well obviously trade would n't just stop , but reverting to wto after having a fta is certainly very painful economically for everybody . 
  trade would be hampered but not stopped , all trade between the uk and scotland would become a lot more expensive and would remain that way for how many years it takes for a fta to be negotiated . 
  i thought this already happened . 
  [ here 's even a 470 comment long thread about it 3 months ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4rk65l/france_overtakes_britain_as_worlds_no_5_economy/ ), 
  i think freedom of movement can only work between countries with fairly equal living standards . 
  otherwise not only is the immigration a fairly one-way street but you also see massive brain drain on the less desirable countries , which while quite nice for us is hampering the growth of eastern europe and preventing it from getting to the point where immigrating out of it is n't the best choice in life for those who can , an overall net loss . 
  so i do for example think free movement between australia , canada , new zealand would be fine . 
  i also think free movement is fine between for example france or germany . 
  i do n't think free movement with for example poland , hungary , greece and countless other places is a good idea , not when there is such a humongous imbalance . 
  never-mind you 're right i guess it 's xenophobia , you got me !, 
  nevermind most of eastern europe is literally freaking the fuck out over the mere prospect of having to host not even a 1000 refugees , no , it 's us who are trying to preserve homogeneity . 
  while writing a small essay is appreciated , you and everyone in this thread might want to actually read beyond the title and discover that he never said anything about the uk supporting turkey in joining the eu , and it 's a complete misquotation by a single website . 
   `` we may be leaving the european union but we are not leaving europe . 
  and britain ... will help turkey in any way , '' is what he actually said , and no , this was n't a question in response to being asked if britain will help turkey join the eu , it 's a standard political ambiguous statement . 
  yes , britain will help turkey in anyway , because we 're allies . 
  i have an idea , i 'm going to try this little spin game too . 
  let 's see , let 's just take a look at what boris said recently also in this article `` we are lucky in the united kingdom to be one of the biggest recipients of turkish goods , '' ah here ` we go . 
   britain reliant on turkish goods , admits british foreign office . 
  and now i 'm ready for my career in becoming a blog journalist . 
  i 'm hitting all my demographics , throw in some brexit and ...  boris johnson : britain reliant on turkish trade after brexit tumble . 
  now i 'm ready to post to / r/europe to secure my page views . 
  given that it 's a single website taking a quote from boris out of context i doubt he was thinking of fooling anybody at the time . 
   `` we may be leaving the european union but we are not leaving europe . 
  and britain ... will help turkey in any way , '' he gave a standard diplomatic answer on if the uk will remain an ally with turkey . 
  it 's an ambiguous political comment that is very standard . 
  but well i guess this single website has decided that it actually meant the uk would full push for turkey membership and nobody actually read what he said and just looked at the title . 
  / r/europe circlejerk assemble !, 
  no argument there , i just wanted to explain why / u/techolution posted the link and what it meant in the context of this thread . 
  the argument is the european union is the worlds worst economic zone because it has had terrible economic growth compared to other zones . 
  right , and the only way to close the jar in this case was by voting to leave the eu . 
  but the eu was n't a thing when ireland became independent . 
  freedom of movement and trade is massively more complicated if the uk is out of the eu and scotland is in . 
  compared to when ireland left and it was just a deal between ireland and the uk because the eu did n't exist yet . 
  same with current free movement with ireland , it 's hard to tell if that will still remain post brexit . 
  even though the common travel area is separate from the eu they 'll have to be measures put in place to ensure it 's only irish people traveling from ireland to the uk * if the uk does not negotiate free movement with the eu . 
  if the uk goes hard brexit and scotland leaves afterward and rejoins the eu , then it does n't matter what scotland and the uk want its trade relationship to be like because the eu does n't allow individual member states to handle trade deals with outside parties . 
  not a problem when it was just ireland and the uk making a deal with each other before the eu existed , a big problem now that it does exist and the uk can only negotiate with the eu as a block . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
   examples needed for further discussion . 
  well it 's hard to give examples when you 've gone and said you think you can make justifiable and easy cases for something to be illegal if it `` harms '' someone , and it 's very easy to spin something into harming someone . 
  the most obvious and prominent would of course be laws over nudity in public . 
  being nude in public is n't going to harm anyone , still illegal . 
  we ban non-dangerous drugs like marijuana , but we also ban dangerous drugs that are only dangerous to the user , should the government really make something illegal if it only hurts the person who chooses to do it ? 
  in theory no , but in practice legalising every drug would be a disaster . 
   i am debating what it should or should n't do . 
  right , and we generally in society think for example it 's okay for the government to have laws that state you must be clothed in public . 
  why then , is it not okay to do the opposite . 
   this laws are making some ppl be that way . 
  well it 's not the law making people uncomfortable around burkinis , the law is a response to people being uncomfortable around burkinis . 
  people uncomfortable around nudity = let 's legislate to make it illegal to be nude .
