  keep on drinking the cool aid . 
  lol . 
  this is embarrassing and i 'm not even the one saying it . 
  honestly you seem extremely angry for something that the majority of the people in the eu really do n't care about if you look at polls , and certainly are n't `` pissed off '' or `` betrayed '' . 
  grow up and get a sense of the world beyond the end of your nose . 
   with their european friends . 
  ( who they just backstabbed ) . 
  only in / r/europe where using a law built into the eu is backstabbing the eu . 
  how petty can you be . 
   microsoft has issued a statement :  the comments reported today by a microsoft employee were not reflective of the company 's view . 
  as we have said both before and after the eu referendum vote , microsoft 's commitment to the uk is unchanged ok ? 
  sounds like a fantastic idea till ireland or luxemburg , or the netherlands veto it . 
  such a law would be economically devastating for ireland . 
   it will only be voting on whether or not deal x is acceptable . 
  if they find it wanting , it will be reworked and deal x1 will be the one that they pass . 
  with the 2 year limit i feel what 's much more likely to happen is `` this is the deal we have , vote yes or we leave with no deal at all '', 
  people in the uk want to leave the single market because they do n't agree with uncontrolled immigration from the eu . 
  a free trade deal over the single market means a less comprehensive deal but control over immigration from the eu . 
   i do n't accept the terms soft and hard brexit , fair point to may here , i was always personally more of a fan of `` 50 shades of brexit '', 
   there 's a new rule that came in last year saying you must have an offer for a job that pays # 35k or more . 
  that 's # 10k more than the average uk wage . 
  do you really think that 's going to be any trouble for a financial worker in london to breach ? 
   there 's as much of a guarantee of that happening as there is of any deal happening at all ( since each and any deal is subject to veto by a single eu country ) . 
  a country could still choose to block or suspend negotiations if they wanted to , even if there was no 2 year deadline . 
  right , and with hard brexit being the most likely looking outcome right now then the uk should act with the consideration that 2 years will be the limit . 
  surely you ca n't expect the uk government to bank solely on the prospect of the 2 year limit being extended . 
   so then why complain about other side not being prepared to talk ? 
  the uk is ready to make a preliminary deal with the eu over guaranteeing the rights of eu citizens in the uk . 
  being able to negotiate a single small treaty change does not = the uk is ready to begin article 50 . 
   eu has been ready to talk for months really ? 
  my god , get may on the phone right away . 
   so long as the uk is willing to commit to the negotiation process in full . 
  oh , oh ok . ready to talk , aslong as the uk begins the 2 year deadline and thrusts itself into a position it is not ready to take . 
  how gracious . 
  what a deal , really struggling here to think why the uk government has not jumped at such a chance . 
  for what ever possible reason could the uk government not want to immediately jump into deep negotiations before building up its own civil service to deal with such an event . 
  what a head-scratcher this one is , i 'm gon na have to get back to you . 
   , it does n't limit the negotiations in any way aside from the 2 year limitation on negotiations ...  it even allows for unlimited extensions of the initial 2 year deadline . 
  which can only be done upon the agreement of all 27 remaining eu countries . 
  which is in no way or form a guarantee of happening . 
  if you ca n't get all 27 nations to agree to extend it then the limit is 2 years . 
   there 's no reason for a country that wishes to leave to delay invoking article 50 if they are prepared to negotiate . 
  how about the reason of setting up and gathering the necessary people in order to properly negotiate article 50 in the first place ? 
  do you think the uk just has an infinite amount of expert negotiators just laying around doing nothing whom can be called in at immediate whim . 
  article 50 is n't used immediately because the uk needs to build up its civil service to properly deal with the mountain of work article 50 will be . 
  then you might want to tell that to all the people demanding the uk guarantees the rights of eu citizens before article 50 is invoked . 
  cuts both ways . 
   according to karolinska institute , the suicide ratio after the gender switch operations is about 20 times higher than average . 
  the study you 're quoting looked at post-surgery suicide rates compared to the general population . 
  it did not look at pre-surgery suicide rates compared to post-surgery suicide rates . 
  it looked at what surgery alone resulted in , and concluded that improved follow up care was required after surgery . 
   `` it is therefore important to note that the current study is only informative with respect to transsexual persons health after sex reassignment ; no inferences can be drawn as to the effectiveness of sex reassignment as a treatment for transsexualism . 
  in other words , the results should not be interpreted such as sex reassignment per se increases morbidity and mortality . 
  things might have been even worse without sex reassignment . 
  as an analogy , similar studies have found increased somatic morbidity , suicide rate , and overall mortality for patients treated for bipolar disorder and schizophrenia . 
  this is important information , but it does not follow that mood stabilizing treatment or antipsychotic treatment is the culprit . '', 
  and here 's words from the author of the study who did an interview because it 's frequently quoted for ridiculous things . 
   `` the aim of trans medical interventions is to bring a trans person 's body more inline with their gender identity , resulting in the measurable diminishment of their gender dysphoria . 
  however trans people as a group also experience significant social oppression in the form of bullying , abuse , rape and hate crimes . 
  medical transition alone wo n't resolve the effects of crushing social oppression : social anxiety , depression and posttraumatic stress . 
   what we 've found is that treatment models which ignore the effect of cultural oppression and outright hate are n't enough . 
  we need to understand that our treatment models must be responsive to not only gender dysphoria , but the effects of anti-trans hate as well . 
  that 's what improved care means . '', 
  that 's not going into the fact that the study in question is following surgery results from the 1980s , and surgery results since then have improved massively . 
  not just surgery too , but overall standards of care thanks to wpath guidelines . 
  there are plenty of recent studies out that there look at if the wpath guidelines ( which include hormone therapy and srs surgery ) for treating gender dysphoria have results in decreasing gender dysphoria and improving overall mental health . 
  [ and ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24344788 ) [ well ] ( http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2fs10508-009-9551-1 ) [ here ] ( https://mayoclinic.pure.elsevier.com/en/publications/hormonal-therapy-and-sex-reassignment-a-systematic-review-and-met ) [ you ] ( https://www.hindawi.com/journals/tswj/2014/960745/ ) [ go ] ( http://europepmc.org/abstract/med/25690443 ) need anymore ? 
   musk expects the journey of his ship will be between 80 and 150 days long . 
  right , and in the 1980s we could get to and land on the moon in 4 days . 
  80-150 ( seems like quite a huge gap in estimated days there tbh ) versus 4 . that 's 4 days assuming we do n't have faster ways to get the moon than 1969 . 
  response time is far faster to the moon . 
  not just for the case of dealing with emergencies but for communication too . 
  no idea , sorry . 
  it seems incredibly unlikely to be more than eu nationals though , given all the barriers in place for non-eu workers to stay in the uk . 
  when people talk about `` half of the migration to the uk is from outside of the eu '' the statistics they 're quoting includes students , the government counts them in immigration statistics . 
  the ons does n't just look at net figure , they gather statistics on all immigration . 
  students are counted in immigration because they 're going to be here for years before leaving , net immigration is just how many more people arrived in the uk than left in a single year . 
  total immigration yearly is 650k ( ish ) , 300k ( ish ) emmigrate out of the uk every year , leaving 335k people in the uk more than last year . 
  students are of course relevant to the net figure . 
  they 're people too . 
  net figure does n't just mean people who the government magically know are going to stay in the uk forever , it 's a measure of how many more people there are in the country now than last year . 
  when they leave the uk they 'll be counted in emigration numbers . 
   what do you want us to do about that ? 
  nothing , because half of that half [ are just looking to study ] ( https://fullfact.org/media/uploads/reasons_given_for_immigrating_to_the_uk_y9qgbda.png ) nobody has an issue with non-eu nationals coming over to the uk to get an education and return home . 
  spending a shitton on tuition fees is in-fact pretty welcome , thanks and send your kids in a couple decades too !, 
  people make the mistake of thinking that people immigrating from eu countries are doing so for the same reason as people coming in from non-eu countries . 
  they 're not . 
  the government does n't want to reduce the number of students coming to study in the uk , we have world class educators and it attracts a lot of people from around the globe . 
  if you look at non-eu immigration and take into effect the number just looking to study , it 's a very reasonable amount of people . 
  saying `` oh well actually technically half the uks total immigration is from outside of the eu '' is looking past the big picture . 
  question me this , take out non-eu and eu immigration of people looking to study and re-unification of families , then what is the total immigration of non-eu nationals compared to eu nationals . 
  i 'll give you a hint , it 's a lot , lot , smaller . 
  nobody wants to get rid of students , and you have to be pretty cruel to deny re-unifying families . 
  the * large * majority of eu immigration is people getting work or looking for work . 
  the * large * majority of non-eu immigration are students or family members . 
  the goals of people who immigrant to the uk from outside the eu are very different to the goals of people looking to immigrate to the uk from inside the eu . 
   i would empathise if it were n't for your non-eu immigration . 
  that 's where the worse of the worse comes from , and you kerri bringing them in . 
  the large majority of non-eu immigration are students who are sent over by their parents to get a good education and return home . 
  [ statistics ] ( https://fullfact.org/media/uploads/reasons_given_for_immigrating_to_the_uk_y9qgbda.png ) nobody has a problem with students coming over and spending a boatload of cash for an education .
