the better title if your goal is ensuring a ukip government in a couple years , yeah . 
  it 's obviously the more accurate one , but welcome to politics , the goal is to spin stories to favour you . 
  cameron did the best thing he could for his party in the situation . 
  the best thing he could do was still a shit result , but it sounds and feels a lot better than a 1.7 bn shit on your doorstep for christmas . 
  what 's a better media title  cameron crumbles under eu pressure for 1.7 bn fee  eu bill to be halved as cameron claims victory over eu if you think cameron bowing down and paying the charge in full would drive support away from ukip , you 're sorely mistaken . 
  it would n't have been seen as a sign of sovereignty to pay the full charge , it would be seen as cameron too afraid to stand up to the eu . 
  paying half the fee saves some face , saying `` we 're going to pay the full charge without question '' would be a catastrophic for the tories and nigel farage would be laughing all the way to the voting polls . 
   he would be mocked from all sides , but he would have been honest that 's great until it massively drives support for ukip and we leave the eu . 
  such a shame she did n't sit on the real one so we could have actual photos . 
  maybe all the obese ones got caught . 
  i 've yet to hear a good argument as to why we should n't try to cherry-pick . 
  other than `` well , it ca n't be because the eu '' why should n't the uk push to change it . 
  telling me that all 27 nations would n't agree on it is n't a reason to not push to change it , that 's just telling me it could never happen , not why the uk should n't push to have policies that benefit it the most . 
  presumably the same universe that granted multiple nations an opt-out of the eurozone , just as much a core ideology of the eu as free movement . 
  i do n't think it will happen though , i 'm not naive , the rest of the eu has no reason to grant the uk a renegotiation . 
   you only keep the parts you like only as long as the other eu members allow you to keep it , as such no nation will ever be allowed to pick and choose which parts of the eu it keeps . 
  it can either accept the entire thing , both the good and the bad , or none at all . 
  so does this mean we should remove all opt-outs that many nations have in the eu as it 's either all or nothing with no in-between or negotiation ? 
  they already do ? 
  see the plethora of opt-outs many eu nations including the uk already have . 
  because being forced to sign a treaty after losing a war is totally the same thing as wanting to negotiate on policies of a voluntary union ? 
   but you are not free to opt out of some parts of the eu you do n't like while keeping the ones you do like . 
  why not ? 
   we should all have the right to buy a house on the costa blanca but how dare those foreigners some over here and take our jobs / women etc. 
  pathetic . 
  because an elderly couple moving to a nice location to blow their life savings is totally the same thing as poor immigrants moving to try and compete in a job market . 
   they even called themselves `` project fear '' in internal memos . 
  you mean that one article from the guardian where they cited no source for it and then everybody believed them ? 
  except it 's not sudden at all . 
  even on a yes vote it 's going to be 2 years ( if my memory serves me right ) before scotland actually becomes independent from the uk , which is intended to give scotlands government time to work out all its new deals . 
   impressive ship i do n't know , i think they 're pretty shit when it comes to modern carriers no nuclear + no catobar ? 
  kind of a joke . 
  i 'd rather have 1 carrier with a nuclear reactor and catobar loaded with f-35cs than 2 carriers without them and using f-35bs . 
  displace almost as much as a nimitz and can only carry a little over half the load with less powerful planes and limited distance . 
  they could of been so much better than they are . 
   uk should block german ports and sink their ships while giving air support you mean how the uk already did try to blockade the seas in 39 ? 
  and there 's no way the raf would of been able to defeat the luftwaffe , it barely happened in 40s and it was due to massively favourable conditions ( all of which would now favour nazi germany )  getting obliterated from behind in their silly maginots line . 
  the maginot line was anything but silly . 
  there 's a reason it was bypassed and not attacked . 
  the french doctrine relied on defensive strategy , which if ww2 was going to be anything like ww1 ( and there was huge reasons to think it would be ) this would of been the smartest move . 
  i 'm sure the british government ( which was going through a reform at the time ) would of had a huge amount of success trying to convince the french to completely ditch all their military doctrine , reform and go on the offensive , if only they had thought of that !, 
  then i suggest you read your own copy and paste `` wilhelm keitel noted that had * france * reacted '' i am unfortunately going to have to bring you the news that france does not equal the uk . 
  the uk army in 1939 was in no shape to do a full-scale invasion of nazi germany despite your insistence that it apparently was . 
  tell me oh-wise armchair general . 
  what actions should the uk army , in it 's incredibly lesser strength compared to 39 german army , done ? 
  should they have landed on german beaches and stormed germany , to then get completely and utterly annihilated by the far superior german army in a counter-offensive ? 
  hey , atleast we would of tried then , right ? 
  war lost ? 
  well , atleast we made irrational and stupid actions in order to appease people with no understanding of army differences in the year 2014 . 
  feels like that 's already the plan . 
  i think listening to the will of the people in a democratic nation is a very good reason . 
  not if we just add more countries !, 
  quickly , who 's still in the application process ? 
  3 and 4 seemed really weird to me . 
  1 and 2 seemed very plausible . 
  but they kind of lost me when they started talking about how social media would overtake governments and people would like on facebook to vote for government leaders , really stupid . 
  i 'll eat my socks if it 's like that in 2030 . 
  i like how in the first scenario the uk leaves the eu , northern ireland remains . 
  then a few seconds northern ireland consumes ireland and is the only thing remaining . 
  that map was really fucking weird , iceland is consumed too . 
  damn , this post is so sad . 
  sounds like you care a lot for your aunt , best of luck to you both . 
  i hope you find help . 
  i can get to every one . 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ on ^ ^ ^ virgin ^ ^ ^ media, 
  now we wait for the comic version in / r/polandball, 
  i 've never been more proud to say my armed forces sucks dick, 
  i see . 
  i misunderstood you , my mistake . 
  i feel stupid now . 
  the usa has dragged the uk and france into all of its recent wars , what would give you the idea that the uk and france are still kicking for wars while the usa `` has had enough '' . 
  well you know what they say , the apple does n't fall far from the tree . 
  where do i sign up . 
  * drops monocle *, 
  the usa is a good contender . 
  just curious , in your mind who would we be in a tough spot from ? 
  stop making us look weak in-front of the other countries !, 
  ** uk strong **, 
  as long as i can hop back to the universe where we stay in the eu at will . 
  circumcision is n't a black and white topic . 
  there 's an extremely varied amount of types of circumcision for both men and women . 
  take for example female circumcision type ia , the removal of the clitoral hood . 
  that 's very akin to the removal of the foreskin protecting the glans of the penis , should that type of circumcision be allowed ? 
  of course when you compare the extreme forms of female circumcision to the mild forms of male circumcision , it 's going to come out unbalanced . 
  rather than drawing unhelpful and jerky lines of what circumcision is allowed , the entire practice should be internationally outlawed . 
  not only female circumcision because the most extreme form ( removal of the clitoris and labia ) are compared to the most mild form of male circumcision ( removal of the foreskin ) . 
  and you dismissing male circumcision is an insult to those men . 
  or let me get this straight , one evil is okay because another is somewhat worse ? 
  you do realise all your arguments base on the country you 're raised from . 
  some countries learn british dialect , some learn american dialect . 
   when people think of english , it 's english from the midwest of the us if you happen to live in a country that learns american dialect . 
  this is by no means a wide stroke brush that covers all countries other than england . 
   there is no u in color . 
  trucks are called trucks , not lories . 
  when i 'm sick i go to the hospital . 
  as much as it irks me personally , it 's aluminum , not aluminium . 
  [ that 's just like , your opinion man . ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwdd6_zxx8c ), 
  but neither of those cities have what makes london so successful . 
   nations must legalize firearms on the market for their `` civvies '' .
