  i 'm not blaming the eu for anything . 
   now you have to face the consequences of your own decisions like grown-ups . 
  god , can you stop with the pointless rhetoric . 
  i do n't care if you have some sort of weird fetish over the uk leaving the eu , because frankly it has nothing to do with the eu and the uk negotiating the exit of the uk . 
  the idea that the uk needs to `` just face its decision like grown-ups '' is something that exists purely in your head and will not be present in the negotiating room come article 50 . 
  i 'm sorry , it 's your own little fantasy and i hate to stomp on it , but it 's true , nobody else thinks like that . 
  as i said , no negotiations have begun so the only thing that can be talked about are demands . 
  the uk wants access to the single market while still leaving the eu . 
  now if you asked me i would tell you the most likely solution to happen is the uk joins the eea . 
  the crux of the issue will most likely come down to how much the eu is willing to negotiate on any immigration control . 
  right now the only thing spewing back and forth between the eu and the uk is `` well we want this '' and `` well we want this '' and then it goes nowhere because negotiations have n't started . 
  schaeuble comments are just as unhelpful as boris johnsons because the issue is n't just a ya out ya out , ya in ya in issue . 
  it 's going to come down to the negotiation table on eea membership and what the uk is willing to give up and what the eu is willing to give up . 
  nobody is talking negotiations because they have n't begun yet , so demand rhetoric is the only thing anybody can say right now . 
  and yes , that is also what schaeuble is doing . 
   there will be no sweet deals to fulfill the unrealistic fantasies of boris johnson , and the like . 
  it 's going to come down to the negotiation table . 
  anything taken before negotiation have started need to be taken with a grain of salt . 
  what schaeuble says pre-negotiations can change after 2 years of negotiations . 
  will they change ? 
  could do , could not do . 
  to declare that there 's no possible way and never will be even after 2 years of negotiations , little presumptuous . 
   then we are on the same page here . 
  why would the eu allow pre-negotiations , if it is only to her harm . 
  no reason they would . 
  and they did n't , because they 're not idiots . 
  i never claimed they should have , i was arguing against the claim that the eu had been exceptionally orderly in their treatment of the uk voting to exit the eu , and thus should be willing to pay for things we have vague or ( most likely ) no obligations to pay for . 
  we are on the same page . 
   here 's what the uk should have done : brexit referendum is counted cameron invokes article 50 and says `` i did n't expect that result . 
  we are not ready yet , but i am certain that the eu and the uk can work together to find a solution that is okay for both of us . 
  we will start informal talks with the member states right now . 
  we are currently gathering a negotiation team , that will start official negotiations once the eu has signalled that they are ready too '' so your ideal situation for the uk would have been to enter negotiations in as weak a position as possible , and to rely on the fact that maybe the eu would allow extensions because the uk was just so nice to enter negotiations in as weak a position as possible . 
  sounds great , for the eu . 
  the eu could have forced any concessions on the uk before agreeing to extend the deadline . 
  this would have been disastrous for the uk . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 've got to be absolutely delusional to think that the uk entering possibly the worst negotiating position possible in human history would have ended well for us . 
  it would have been spectacularly great for the eu , just you know , not so great for us . 
  when your entire plan relies on `` maybe if we act incredibly foolish the eu will take pity on us '' it 's not so great of a plan . 
   here 's what the uk did instead : brexit referendum is counted ministers of uk say shit like `` we wo n't reveal what we want . 
  but this particular eu thing sucks , so we do n't want that at all . 
  we will hire the best of the best to get the best deal for the uk . 
  the eu ca n't tell us what to do , we decide when to invoke article 50 !, 
  we buy your prosecco !, 
  britain stronk !, 
  eu weak !, 
  we do n't need you at all ! '', 
  okay mister hyperbole . 
  again my point is that the uk is not going to continue to freely pay for the eus bills . 
  it will meet its obligations , anything more than that the eu is going to have to give up concessions for . 
   you 'll just have to pay whatever is stipulated under your treaty obligations . 
  and the eu is going to have to prove precisely and exactly how much money is owed under obligations . 
  we 're not just going to pay any first number the eu quotes ( not even the eu in this case , just germany finance minister ) outside of the negotiating room to the press . 
   the eu position is and always has been crystal clear . 
  and i never claimed for a second it was otherwise . 
  what i did claim was that the eu position is in no-way fulfilling an orderly exit , the eus position is to create as much chaos in their favour as possible . 
  the uk is stalling article 50 because its in our best interest . 
  and the eu is pushing for an early article 50 because its in their best interest . 
  once article 50 is triggered there 's a 2 year timeclock , very bad for the uk , very good for the eu . 
  pretty simple . 
  both parties are working for their best interest , but what i 'm saying is the eus best interest and current operating motif is definitely not an orderly exit for the uk , because it 's not in their best interest . 
   what do you want the eu to give up ? 
  if the eu wants the uk to continue paying their bills until 2030 then a concession obviously has to be made . 
  what those concessions are will surely be a point of debate in the negotiations . 
   the eu offers the uk an orderly exit from the eu . 
  an orderly exit has not been offered at all . 
  the eu is the one restricting any negotiations right now . 
  an orderly exit would be allowing free talks between all member states to talk about what they want in the upcoming negotiations , forbidding any talks and forcing chaos is definitely not orderly . 
  every problem you see right now due to lack of clarity over what brexit means could all be solved if the eu would allow pre-negotiations . 
  that would be orderly . 
  the current situation is not an orderly exit . 
   the uk is more keenly aware than most countries that it can not unilaterally violate its international treaty obligations . 
  come back once you find the treaty obligations you 're talking about . 
  the eu is pushing this because otherwise there will be a massive budget black-hole without the uks money . 
  but you know , there 's this great saying i believe i 've seen in / r/europe `` you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . '', 
  if you want our money post-brexit we need something in return . 
  of course the uk and the eu could sit down and work this out in a nice orderly fashion . 
  but you know , they ca n't , because the eu is currently forbidding pre-negotiations . 
  so everybody is just screaming demands at each other because until negotiations are allowed demands are the only option . 
  so the uk demands access to the free market without immigration , and the eu demands the uk pays a massive bill to leave . 
  neither side is allowed to sit down at the negotiation table yet and work out what is possible because once article 50 is triggered the eus negotiation position would be stronger than it is currently , to provide clarity now would not be in the eus best interest , chaos until article 50 is what the eu wants and is doing . 
  the eu is meeting its precise legal obligations for an exit , it does n't have to allow pre-negotiations and so it is n't . 
  but that is n't for the benefit of order or providing a nice exit as you claim , it 's a move to cause chaos in uk politics by blurring the lines of what leaving could mean . 
  so the idea that the uk should pay this humongous bill with vague legal obligation to even do so simply because the eu has been `` orderly '' is a bit laughable really . 
  edit : just to say here because i got like 5 messages about it . 
  i 'm not claiming the eu should have done this or should have done that , i 'm simply stating what the current situation is and how it is far from what i would personally think of an orderly exit . 
  he tried his best . 
   would it surprise you to know your queen victoria turned away # 10,000 in aid to the irish from the sultan of the ottoman empirebecsuse she was only giving # 1000 ? 
  i mean it would surprise me considering there 's no historical proof this ever occurred . 
  it would be quite the finding . 
   because those waters should n't belong to gibraltar according to the treaty of utrecht , and there is where the problem ( if any at all ) resides . 
  which is completely irrelevant since 1982 when spain agreed to unclos which gives right to all coastal states to have territorial waters up to 12 nautical miles from the coast . 
  spain tried to get around this by making a declaration just before signing that '' `` the present legal text can not be interpreted as a recognition of any rights or situations whatsoever related to the maritime spaces of gibraltar which are not included in the article 10 of the treaty of utrecht of july 13th 1977 , between the crowns of spain and great britain '' well that sounds fine and dandy , they let everybody know that it would n't apply . 
  well what does article 310 of the convention they just signed say about doing things like that ? 
  `` article 310 of the convention allows states and entities to make declarations or statements regarding its application at the time of signing , ratifying or acceding to the convention , ** which do not purport to exclude or modify the legal effect of the provisions of the convention . 
  ** '' making a declaration to say that you are excluding a part of a country from having the convention be applied to it literally goes against what is allowed in the convention you just signed . 
  spain agreed on territorial waters , and the declaration it tried to make to escape that from effecting gibraltar has no legal standing . 
  if it did n't want gibraltar to have 12 nautical miles it should n't have agreed to sign unclos . 
  tl ; dr spain signed to unclos , unclos gives gibraltar the right to have 12 nautical miles like everybody else . 
  spain tried to make a declaration that says it was excluded , such declarations are not permitted or recognised by unclos . 
  really you think that guys salty and not the irish guy who posted like 10 comments in this thread about how much he hates the uk ?
