   i was merely correcting your fucked up chain of argumentation waah , waahs . 
  uh huh . 
   so because he will not be sitting at the table during negotiations it automatically makes is opinon void ? 
  alrighty then . 
  when it comes to determining the thoughts and feelings of eu leaders ? 
  yeah pretty much . 
  he does n't have a looking glass into the climate target negotiations , he 's making speculation based on very limited information and then overlaying his own personal thoughts of brexit into it . 
   how about juncker , macron or merkel . 
  completely irrelevant , yes ? 
  hmmm . 
  let 's see ... . how about the fucking rest of eu leaders every single one of those incidences have absolutely nothing to do with the climate change targets . 
  those are statements about fucking brexit talks . 
  this is n't brexit related , this is about an eu targets for combating climate change . 
  of which the uk has to follow for the remaining two years it will be in the eu , so obviously the uk has its say because you know , its following the regulations set . 
  the uk is a full eu member till the final day of brexit , and till then it has to follow every regulation and target set by the eu . 
  so obviously when it comes time to set those targets the uk will ( as it always has ) push for its own interests . 
  like every other eu country . 
   completely irrelevant , i guess . 
  yes , everything you just linked is completely irrelevant . 
  you guessed correctly . 
  every single statement you linked was about brexit negotiations , this is nothing to do with brexit . 
  here 's a question . 
  if brexit never happened would the uk be pushing still for these targets to be changed ? 
  so what the hell does this have to do with brexit ? 
  hint ; nothing . 
   why should i be upset ? 
  well you 're the one who said bye after being confronted , and now was apparently so bothered that you came back to reply to me after saying you were done wasting your time . 
   but when you are starting to dismiss the opinon of the director of the e3g think-tank on this by saying this guy has no clue i said he has no clue on what happens during inner negotiations between eu member states . 
  which he does n't , because he does n't have a job that does anything remotely related to that . 
  he works for a environmentalist think tank outside of the eu . 
   there is n't anything i can help you with and i 'm just wasting my time . 
  please , enlighten me on how a think-tank environmentalist has any clue on what the feelings of member states are and how he has deep access to eu negotiations ? 
   you are in complete denial , and there is no fact that can be presented that will change that . 
  there 's plenty of evidence that could change my mind , the appeal to authority you tried doing did not . 
   waaa , waaa , waaah i ca n't hear you , your argument is invalid < - your first post lololol , i was right , you 're such a loser , with that brexit name < - your second post cute . 
  * bullshit fallacy * - your first post * called out on fallacy * - my post * im done wasting my time here , bye . 
  ^ ^ does n't ^ ^ actually ^ ^ leave * - your second post . 
  see how that changes depending on your perspective ? 
  magical is n't it . 
   man , my 5 year old is able to handle such a discussion more maturely . 
  you literally declared you were done wasting your time and that you were leaving , and then 30 minutes later responded with whatever this is . 
  and i 'm the childish one ? 
  lmao , you just tried to pull a complete fallacy and now that you got called out on it you 're upset ? 
  oh god , you even have an account named after brexit . 
  you 're adorable . 
  but i guess mr. gaventa also has no clue , right ? 
  he 's a member of a think tank outside of the eu and has no idea of what the actual negotitating looks like . 
  so yeah , the guy has no clue . 
  you know usually when you try to appeal to authority you , you know , actually quote an authority . 
   the uk was acting nice ? 
  when did that happen since the referendum ? 
  ` member when the uk offered a reciprocal deal on eu citizen rights to settle eu citizens fears about being kicked out post brexit ? 
  then ` member when the eu responded that it would never do any deals outside of official negotiations , even though it was a subject matter that would be extremely beneficial to eu citizens living in the uk ? 
  i member . 
  that was a potential good faith agreement that would have been beneficial to both sides ( favouring the eu even ) and the eu wanted nothing to do with it . 
  it 's going to be hilarious after 2020 when the uk officially leaves and absolutely nothing changes about the eu . 
  you think the uk is the only obstructionist member ? 
  oh sweet summer child . 
  i think she 's middle . 
  japan is probably the most xenophobic place on earth for foreigners and deserves its far left spot . 
  trumps entire campaign was on on immigration and in his first days in office issued a travel ban from a multitude of countries . 
  what has thersea may done in comparison ? 
  she advocates for less immigration but still some . 
  that 's like the definition of being in the middle of a ` no foreigners ' to ` open borders ' chart . 
  she does n't want the uk to be a part of the single market due to immigration , but that just means she wants exact control over how many can enter . 
  given that is something almost every other country outside of europe in the world operates like i would still square that into the middle . 
  the european concept of freedom of movement is very much a radical idea in the world and that 's why the eu leaders are on the far side . 
  i actually do n't agree with trudeau being on the far right , i think he 's middle right ( relative to the chart anyway , idk why typical left wing positions are on the right side of this chart . 
  saying trudeau and far right together is weird . ), 
  i mean he 's a very liberal speaking guy but he has n't really enacted any policies towards open borders . 
  even his refugee policy he only allows a selectively picked group of women and children refugees into canada , leaving a * just great * balance for eu nations to pick up the slack for . 
  * shit talks the uk * * gets shit talked back * waaa why are brits so mean : c : c : c they 're both cunts but i do n't see why you 're only singling out the one responding to the shit talk . 
  manchester police confirmed the current numbers are 19 dead , around 50 injured . 
   we 'd be happy to take our highly skilled citizens back . 
  or we 'd just continue to allow highly skilled workers who contribute to stay and remove low skilled workers who do n't . 
  why do you think the uk would kick out high skill workers in the case of no deal ? 
  the uk government will just set the limitations applied to non-eu immigrants onto eu immigrants , which would result in sending back low skilled workers while giving high skilled workers the chance to stay . 
  no citizens deal does n't mean the uk has to kick out every eu citizen , it means the uk can kick out any eu citizen . 
  pretty important difference . 
  theresa may is n't literally trying to create a new freshly made internet controlled by the government . 
  she wants the power to regulate and censor parts of the existing internet . 
   what everybody said on eu 's side is that the uk will not be able to cherry pick between the 4 freedoms and that the uk will not have freedom of goods without freedom of movement . 
  exactly - but if you read the eu draft guidelines for the brexit negotiations you would find out that the eu is aware the uk is not interested in access to the single market and is instead looking for a fta . 
  they 're not the same things . 
  the 4 freedoms are not a part of a fta . 
   now they also said that if everything goes smoothly with the uk , which is doubtfull i sense personal bias . 
  the idea would n't be floating if it was impossible , it 's something that is good for both governments . 
   lots of conditional , on something that will take years to be made . 
  yup , that 's the point of a transitional deal . 
   no because the eu said that the uk will not be able to cherry pick between the 4 freedoms and that the uk will not have freedom of goods without freedom of movement . 
  ( i should have that always ready for copy/paste ) . 
  oh my goodness me . 
  repeat after me . 
  the 4 freedoms are to do with access to the single market , as part of say the efta . 
  the 4 freedoms are not part of any free trade agreements . 
  a free trade agreement has nothing to do with the 4 freedoms . 
  the eu has said it wo n't give the uk access to the single market without the 4 freedoms ( i.e if the uk wanted to become a efta member it would have to accept the 4 freedoms ) the uk in response came out and said that they would then not seek single market access as the 4 freedoms were unacceptable . 
   bottom line is this : it is our union . 
  we make the rules . 
  you either accept them and become a member or you do n't and we 'll treat you exactly as we want .
