  just you know wondering if you 're consistent in your beliefs here . 
  now as to referendums being a `` disruption of democracy '' if you want to be pedantic to the point that nobody cares about then sure it technically disrupts representative democracy in its strictest ideology . 
  but nobody cares about being so pathetically pedantic and we have referendums all the time even though we are technically a representative democracy , such is life . 
   idiots like you do n't understand that the referendum was a disruption of the democratic process . 
  what ? 
  no it was n't . 
  holding a referendum is democracy , refusing to hold a referendum against the will of the people is disrupting democracy . 
  am i living in crazy town ? 
  you literally have it backwards and i do n't think you 're making a joke . 
   but you got the result you wanted i 'm indifferent either way . 
  i did n't really care what the result was . 
   ( and burned a few polish people ) uhh , i did n't actually . 
  that being said i personally think that race attacks would have risen regardless of the outcome . 
  racists would have been angered and probably latched onto the idea that immigrants swung the vote if it was a close remain . 
   so now everyone else is supposed to forego their democratic rights to oppose you ? 
  you can oppose it all you want , but to claim that it was not a democratic vote is quite literally bullshit . 
  it was n't a disruption of democracy , it was n't `` little englander democracy '' it was literally a textbook case of democracy , that is un-questionable . 
  you 're right , the uk should operate like ireland and just recall the election next year because it was n't the result wanted . 
  that 's true democracy right there , ireland showing us how it 's done once again . 
  let them eat cake . 
  ok well i googled it . 
  or i tried to at least . 
  it 's been changed around a lot , when i was in school you did 3 years of language and then you had the choice of continuing it to gcse level or stopping . 
  now i * think * since 2010 they decided to go back on that , and now you do have to continue to gsce level , and it starts at ages of 7-11 now . 
  basically the uk does n't know what it wants to do with foreign languages . 
  i think when i was in school i had the option between learning french and learning something else . 
  i remember wanting to learn german or spanish but those were unavailable , so i ended up doing french and not really giving a shit . 
  there 's just no other language really that anyone can agree we should dedicate that much time to making mandatory though . 
  what do we teach for 5 years mandatory that your country uses for english ? 
  german ? 
  not really worth it in terms of total speakers . 
  french ? 
  outside of france the only countries that really speak it are third world , so again not great . 
  spanish ? 
  now you get a lot of south america , but still there 's really no interest in dealing with people so far away . 
  unless there 's an actual reason to learn another language there will be no motivation for it , both from the students and from the government . 
   and even if english is more useful worldwide that another language , you do n't need it unless you want to move or you want work in field that requires it ( like science , for example ) . 
  or unless you want to consume mass media , which is a huge factor . 
  being able to watch hollywood blockbusters without bad dubbing , television shows , books , communicate in online games with most people you meet , the largest parts of the internet , a large portion of the biggest music . 
  english has mass appeal beyond moving and working in an english country , the same can not be said for almost every other language . 
  in the uk you take 3 years minimum , at which point you then decide if you want to continue . 
  i wonder why people do n't continue into higher education on languages ? 
  is it a. 
  because they 're arrogant b. 
  because they have no interest in learning a language they will have no practical use for unless they have plans of moving to that country ( and what 14 year old kids have those plans ) i feel it 's b. 
  now personally in my own experience it was b , i generally did not see much `` the blood of churchill runs through my veins , i shall speak english till the day i die '' i saw generally much more of a `` why should i learn a language i will never use ? '', 
   and you do n't have to . 
  but i do disagree . 
   when your country does n't have a proper educational system for foreign language we do have an educational system for language , the difference is there 's nothing to reinforce what you learn . 
  if you learn french in school that 's it , you just learn french in school . 
  there 's no mass french media for you to consume everyday to remember and learn on your own time . 
   i had more years of a third language than english have for a second . 
  you can pursue more languages if you want . 
  if you want . 
  but few people do because there 's no motivation as there 's nowhere near the amount of resources available in your everyday life then there is for learning english . 
  if you think most people in continental europe speak 3 languages and it 's just those arrogant brits who only speak 1 , you 're living in a bubble . 
   it plays a huge role , like it or not . 
  i heavily disagree . 
   but arrogance when refusing to learn a new language . 
  what do you think is arrogance `` i 'm not interested in learning french because i would have no practical use for it '' is something i heard a lot when i was in school , that is n't arrogance , it 's just reality . 
  there 's no motivation to learn a new language that has zero benefit unless you happen to be one of the few people who want to move there . 
  does n't have anything to do with arrogance . 
  are you making a bad joke or something ? 
  you can not be serious when you say second-language proficiency depends on the humbleness of a nation . 
  english is learnt as a second language on the continent because it 's incredibly useful not only for business but for media aswell . 
  it has nothing to do with being humble . 
  suffice to say if you then have english as a first language you have extremely little reason to learn another language , because people tend to learn languages that will be useful to them and not because they 're just oh so humble . 
  [ females ? ], 
  finally someone on / r/europe with a more positive outlook . 
  in a very potentially vague way , sure . 
  no , it does n't . 
  100 % of foreign aid does not go to programs that only serve to save lives . 
  money just is n't spent like that , it ca n't be . 
  at best you can hope that maybe the money will be allocated to things like fighting malaria , in that case it would potentially save lives , but there are many things foreign aid can be spent on that does not directly save lives . 
   still , not as much as sweden . 
  cool !, 
   i would rather save one dying child than help a million handicaped men have sex . 
  well good for you . 
  the world is n't that simple in actuality though , so sadly it 's not just a choice between `` people die '' and `` disabled people have sex '' defunding programs for disabled people and moving it into foreign aid does n't mean you suddenly save lives . 
   because most danish politicians are perverts . 
  [ oookkaaay ] ( http://i.imgur.com/apqhc.gif )  if they can afford prostitutes , then they get to much wellfare . 
  you do n't need sex to survive . 
  sex is not a human right . 
  sex is n't a human need to survive , but generally we try and treat people beyond what the bare minimum for survival is , no ? 
  i 'm sure we could also reduce welfare aid for everyone to just allow them to live in a shack 8 to a room and only buy large sacks of rice , but while that would meet the need of allowing them survival it would n't be very human . 
  at any rate the government of denmark does allow funding for it i guess , and who am i to complain about allowing severely disabled people a slightly more human existence , the money to fund it i am sure is practically nothing in the grand scheme of things . 
   wellfare that can be spent on feeding women and children in developing countries . 
  [ denmark is the 4th largest donator of foriegn aid when it comes to spending a % of their gni . ], 
  ( http://www.oecd.org/dac/denmark.htm ) i think they 're doing okay on spending for foreign aid . 
   in denmark the government pays prostitutes to have sex with handicaped and mentally retarded men , with the tax payers money . 
  maybe you should use those money to help refugees already in refugee camps , where the women and children are located . 
  and why would they do that ? 
  you 're advocating to defund aid to disabled people to provide slightly more money to refugee camps ? 
  now i 'm no expert on danish people , but just from my experience i 'm willing to bet that danish people think aid should generally be a priority to the people on denmark ( esp . 
  disabled people ) versus defunding it entirely to send what would amount to a pittance of aid to people in refugee camps across the globe . 
  oh my goodness you are dense . 
   by resigning all he 's done it left the same task to someone else . 
  ah , so you 're saying that he 's left the task to invoke article 50 to his successor in 3 months ? 
  so you 're saying that the uk has yet to invoke article 50 ? 
  so the uk is still a member of the eu .
