  how about no . 
  let 's not mass introduce weapons into the civilian population because of a comment from an anonymous person , that would probably file as one of the biggest over-reactions of the millennium . 
  we 've managed quite well so far without . 
   would think twice before staging a coup d'etat how many coup d'etats do you think the uk has had without arming its population ? 
  `` now class can anybody tell me why the united kingdom began to mass arm their population in the 21st century ? '', 
  '' ... '' `` well , you see it all started back when an un-verifiable anonymous comment was made by somebody claiming to be a general '' how about that does n't become part of the future . 
   it could be that the majority have come directly from syria or libya and taken a boat to greece or italy etc. 
  then they 're in greece or italy and should n't be mysteriously ending up in sweden or germany . 
  the ones who are are economic immigrants . 
  if they arrive on the shores of italy then decide `` you know what , i think i want to shop around a bit '' they 're economic immigrants , not refugees fleeing the war-torn italy . 
  it 's not like they 're taking boats to italy and then accidentally landing on the german shore . 
  they go to italy and then think `` i could do better in germany '' and move to germany . 
  that 's being an economic immigrant , not a genuine refugee . 
   you underestime the capability of ottoman defense force and that the terrain itself is very much suitable for a defense . 
  no , i do n't underestimate the capability of the ottoman defense force , i 'm explaining why the people * living 100 years ago * would of had reason to , and how they simply could not of known all the things you 're listing as arguments for why it was stupid . 
  it 's easy to criticize actions taken by commanders decades and decades ago when you 're living in the information age and can find out all the information of everything about the battle down to the sperm count of each soldier . 
  but they could n't do that . 
   slaves were never used as cruel as colonial powers did . 
  be more specific . 
  are you trying to pin all the slaves used by every single colonial european nation on the british empire ? 
  because slaves were used by different degrees by the many colonial powers , it 's not a blanket term that you can use . 
   it is just the opinion of one guy it gives perspective of the choice 's they made from within their limited scope of information . 
  now , i know our navy was quite successful in the day , but they 're not omniscient gods who could find out of the exact defensive layout and internal struggles of the ottoman empire . 
  the british admirals 100 years ago could n't just google the results of what would happen , you 're looking at the events with perfect hindsight . 
  oh it does n't make it better . 
  it just makes it very ironic when you see people like / u/dracaras trying to claim that the ottoman empire was better , because they dealt less with the slave trade ( which is completely wrong , but whatever ) . 
  it 's trying to claim the moral high-ground while having done the exact same things you 're preaching against . 
  no man , i can really feel the love while being told that we 're all vicious cunts for events 100 + years ago , while simultaneously excusing the actions by all other nations by claiming `` well they were n't as bad so who cares '', 
  parts of england are higher north than denmark . 
  england can into nordic . 
  ^ ^ ^ albeit ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ very ^ ^ ^ small ^ ^ ^ part, 
  all i know is your flag is white and blue , it has to be cold and icy . 
  that 's just basic logic my friend . 
   yeah , we still did n't knew back then that french assurances that `` they will attack within two weeks '' are completely worthless , for example . 
  it 's a war , plans change . 
  sticking to plans you think might not work simply because you said you would earlier is moronic . 
  of course you 're completely forgetting countless details , such as france being afraid of being declared the aggressor . 
   interestingly enough , french commanders were mostly in favour of sticking to the original plan and attacking germany . 
  it were the french politicians who decided on september 12 that there 's no need to help poland . 
  i 'm sure some were . 
  and i 'm sure plenty of others were n't too . 
   yeah , it 's not like germans would attack through belgium - i mean it ever happened before , right ? 
  germans are totally stupid fucks and they will attack through the highly fortified border instead of going around it . 
  it was at the unprecedented speed they managed to so which threw the french battle plans . 
  that 's why it 's called the blitzkrieg . 
  france had slow lumbering tanks ( funnily enough this ties into the whole `` being the attacker would be bad '' ) that were stronger than german tanks , but when it comes to invading rather than defending the lightning quick tanks that germany had deployed were breaking new ground . 
  such incredibly slow tanks also could n't be deployed to new areas of the country at the pace german tanks were advancing . 
   the french assurances were information that was available to the people at the time . 
  yes , i 'm sure the knowledge that france said they attack in 2 weeks managed to give france accurate and detailed information regarding the positioning of the german army . 
  france did what they thought they needed to do to win the war . 
  looking back 80 years later with all the information and numbers reveals what they could have done , but they did not know that at the time . 
   france alone had more than enough troops to successfully invade germany in september 1939 - especially considering that over 80 % of wehrmacht was concentrated in poland . 
  unfortunately in 1939 they did n't have time machines to see the results of the future . 
  france 's doctrine was heavily based around defense , their entire plan in the case of a war was to use the maginot line to hold down germany for as long as it would take . 
  unfortunately french commanders could n't look up the battle plans of german officers on bing and see that they 're all in poland , or that they 're planning to blitzkrieg around the line . 
  it was 1939 , not 2015 , french commanders could n't just go check google earth and see that `` oh , the entire german army is in poland ? '', 
   numerous german commanders remarked later that if france did anything back then maybe in an alternate future where germany did not commit so hard to poland and france aggressively pushed into germany we would be talking about how stupid french commanders were for pushing into a waiting ambush rather than holding their unbreakable maginot line . 
  you ca n't just look at everything that could have been done by using information that was n't available to the people at the time . 
  japan could of won the battle of midway if they were n't refitting their planes when the battle the begun . 
  those idiots , surely they should have known , right ? 
  well , no , because unlike you they 're not overlooking the results of what was done and what could have been done . 
   as one of the member states you would be voting on that army 's deployment in the european parliament . 
  and what would happen if a majority of the eu parliament decided that they suddenly did n't care about defending the falklands ? 
  what incentive would any non-uk representative have to agree to going to war to defend it ? 
  if russia declared war on america and decided they wanted alaska , everybody in america would be in agreement that alaskans must be defended . 
  if argentina declared war on the uk and invaded the falklands , would ireland agree to defend it ? 
  never . 
  germany ? 
  probably not . 
  sweden ? 
  doubt it . 
  norway , finland , denmark , spain , malta and countless others ? 
  none of them would feel the need to support an eu war to defend some rock in the atlantic with a couple brits squatting on it . . 
   ( well , there certainly are some modern countries with the available infrastructure to host it on second thought , but do they really want to ? ), 
  yes . 
   following the rules is easy if you only accept a fraction of them . 
  that 's not how it works . 
   i 've followed every rule the two of us agreed on , you still think i 'm a dick i have no idea what you 're talking about here . 
  til following eu laws makes us the shitty members . 
  we should just be like everybody else and pretend to comply while refusing to . 
  we infringe less rules than belgium , germany , france , italy , greece and poland . 
  i never knew accepting it but voicing your complaints about something was the `` shittier '' thing to do over just pretending it does n't exist and not following it . 
  you ca n't just ask somebody to explain the decline of the british empire at 5am in the morning . 
  it 's time to czechout of the european union . 
  i knew he was still taoiseach for the time being , i did n't know he still had a chance to form a new government though . 
  thanks . 
  did n't he just resign though ? 
  he should be out of office by the time ( if ever ) brexit becomes a reality . 
  that sweet sweet 1-2 gdp to usd exchange pre financial crisis , how i miss you . 
  i 'm fairly certain the op you were responding to was accusing the guardian of hiding facts behind their dual-nationality from the title . 
  you 're right , what kind of terrible racist people would call them * nation * - british . 
  could you imagine that ? 
  asian-american ? 
  irish-american ? 
  hahaha , my what a world that would be . 
  glad we live in a world where we can transcend these ancestral boundaries . 
   for manufactured goods for example , your goods will gave to pass eu safety inspections and such . 
  shocking as this may be , this is n't the concern for most people . 
  people voting to leave the eu care about being able to control eu migration , meeting safety standards we already meet is not an issue . 
  migration really is the biggest issue , while the press likes to kick up fuss about eu rules i think a lot of people would happily concede still following those rules in exchange for control of who can come into the country .
