  it 's because the queen still has control over their feeble lives , and she does so by implanting them during their service . 
  once they walk into that first meeting with the queen , they 're dead . 
  it 's too late for them . 
  she has control . 
  i rest my case . 
  the evidence is overwhelming . 
  [ wake up sheeples . ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grwbioir04c ), 
   of course we are . . ? 
  every single reference to anybody being better off that i have said , and what the original topic about , was about a reciprocal agreement between the eu and the uk to guarantee the rights of current residents in eu countries and the uk . 
  no one as ever gone , apart from you , to talk about who would be better off a whole from brexit . 
  nobody is talking who will be better off as a whole after brexit , we 're just talking about the eu and the uk negotiating a very easy and fairly equal reciprocal agreement for residents who arrived pre-brexit . 
  and then we started talking about who would be better off in the situtation that an agreement was not made , * better off in regards to the topic of residency rights , not brexit as a whole *  but it will probably not happen without a trade agreement as well . 
  why would it be a part of a trade agreement , it has nothing to do with trade . 
  it 's just the eu and the uk going `` all eu arrivals in the uk pre-brexit have residency rights to continue their stay '' then applied equally for uk citizens in eu countries . 
  that 's what this is . 
  that 's basically the reciprocal agreement . 
  if it was a part of a trade agreement it would be a weird little addendum unrelated to absolutely everything else , and that would be pretty weird . 
  there 's no reason it would have to be part of a trade agreement . 
   besides , how is it a benefit for the uk to lose a lot of hardworking eu citizens ? 
  in no situation , reciprocal guarantee or not , would the uk have to lose hardworking eu citizens . 
  the uk could grant residency to any eu nationals it pleased reciprocal deal or not . 
  what will almost certainly happen if a reciprocal deal is not made is that any eu national not making above x income a year will lose the right to live in the uk . 
  which in theory is good for the uk because it could deport eu nationals who are not meeting the requirements to be a net gain to the worth of the uk . 
   it has everything to do with who is better off after brexit . 
  but ... 
  but we 're not talking about who is better off after brexit . 
  we 're talking about a reciprocal guarantee between the uk and the eu on residency rights . 
  what the conversation moved onto was who was better off * if this particular agreement fell through * but that is a far , far cry away from `` who is better off after brexit '' we were never on that , at all . 
   you 're looking at it in isolation . 
  the uk wo n't better off due to its ruined economy . 
  ... the overall state of the economy has nothing to do with this . 
  the overall state of the economy has nothing to do with whether or not in this specific case the eu or the uk wins out more by not having a reciprocal agreement for residency for post-brexit citizens . 
  saying none of it matters because `` oh the uk economy will just be ruined anyway '' is just stupid . 
  the overall scheme of things is made up by lots of these little things , and it 's ok to talk about 1 little thing and how in this 1 little thing , the eu losses more than the uk . 
  because if the uk did not win out more on this , then it would be another reason to add to things the uk loses out more to than the eu , would n't it . 
  just like how you can talk about how in other little things , the eu might win out more than the uk . 
  but that is n't one of these . 
  `` in this event , the eu has more to lose than the uk '' `` yeah well the uk wo n't be better off in the grand scheme anyway ! '', 
  that does n't detract from the fact that in this event the uk suffers less than the eu does . 
  and that 's what we 're talking about . 
  not the grand scheme of the economy , we 're not talking about that . 
  it does n't effect this . 
  if the economy goes to the dumps , it does n't cancel out this or anything , it 's still there , and that 's why its relevant to talk about even if you think the uk economy is apparently according to you going to be `` ruined . '', 
  `` you 're looking at it in isolation '' does n't mean fucking anything for this . 
  what else does this effect that there is to think about ? 
  am i supposed to be thinking about the price of jet fuel and how it could effect the price of deporting people ? 
  what 's the most efficient carrier service ? 
  the cost to the government to send out letters to inform people on the residency status ? 
  who gives a fuck , all of those things are `` affected '' by this , but who gives a fuck about that . 
   in what world is it better for the uk ? 
  certainly not this one . 
  there 's plenty of not-so-beneficial eu nationals living in the uk , without a reciprocal agreement from the eu these nationals could be deported because they would no longer have the right to live in the uk . 
  there would be no reason to grant residency to low income eu workers . 
  the uk could grant residency to anyone it wants to keep , anyone it does not want to keep would be denied . 
  that 's a better time for the uk than granting permission to stay for every single eu national . 
  assuming the same treatment is given to uk citizens living in the eu ( which it would be if agreement is not reached ) that 's fine , because there 's a * lot * less uk citizens living in the eu than there are vice versa . 
  if you send back 100 damaged goods but get 25 in return , you 're still the one better off . 
  m ` k. 
  well , i guess we disagree then . 
  we 'll see come negotiations , i highly suspect a reciprocal agreement will be reached . 
  and if it is n't , it 's better for the uk than it is the eu . 
  so ... oh well ? 
   they 're both and should be seen as being both . 
  so they 're simultaneously chips to be used in negotiating a trade deal , but also people . 
  see to me , viewing them as people should put them above being used as petty negotiating chips . 
  because if they 're people you should be considering heavily the fact that you know , they have lives in the uk , because they 're people . 
  that 's why a reciprocal agreement is best for both the uk and the eu , it obstructs the least amount of lives possible . 
  the uk wants this , it 's just on the eu to decide if they want to value the lives of their citizens in the uk . 
   how many does n't matter . 
  of course it matters . 
  it 's how many people are going to be effected by your political game playing . 
  i.e if poland opposes it , they now have 918,000 poles ( obviously not that much in practice , but you get the idea ) being sent home with the knowledge that their government just uprooted their lives . 
  that then is a strong motivator for poland to support a reciprocal guarantee . 
  that 's fine if you 're ok with the eu looking at its citizens not as people , but as resources to be used in a bargaining chip at the negotiation table . 
  though in that case considering the fact that there 's more poles living in the uk than there are uk citizens living in all 27 countries combined , i think the uk might have a few more chips to throw around . 
  the uk offered reciprocal guarantees , what the hell is unreasonable about that . 
  `` if you allow our citizens to continue their stay within your country , we will allow yours to do the same '' how in the world is this unreasonable . 
  not to mention how many more eu citizens live in the uk than vise versa , it 's pretty favourable to the eu if you factor that in . 
  this is like the most reasonable proposal in the world . 
  it benefits the citizens of every country , and benefits more eu citizens than it does uk citizens . 
  honestly i fully expect something like this to come out of article 50 negotiations , it 's just a shame the eu was n't willing to single it out early for the sake of mind of its own citizens . 
  well sorry , but it 's not like i can know every bodies intimate situations . 
  you were acting like a dick to people in this thread so i treated you like a dick . 
  i hope for your sake that any situations regarding current eu immigrants residing in the uk are resolved in the first round of article 50 talks . 
  you were still being a cock though . 
  thank you , i 'm sure it will get me further than jumping to a rage at moments notice . 
   get out the eu then i mean ; that 's the plan . 
   leave the single market up for debate really . 
  the uk staying in the single market is n't an impossibility . 
  just unlikely right now . 
   you think it 's shit i would n't say the majority of the people in the uk think it 's shit . 
  the majority do n't even want to leave the single market if you look at polls , it 's just ( most likely ) going to be an inevitably if the eu does not want to budge on immigration control . 
  unfortunate but seems likely right now , a trade deal on the scale of ceta ( bit beyond probably ) is likely to replace it . 
  which will be a lose-lose for the eu and the uk as that 's not as comprehensive as the single market , but both will survive . 
   but do n't then think that referring to the people you piss off as friends sorry bud , but the majority of people are n't as unstable as you . 
  we 're leaving a political project , not nuking the whales . 
  life will go on after the uk leaves , and the eu and the uk are going to remain to be friends because we share so much in culture and political leanings . 
  sorry if that upsets you ? 
   then go suck trump 's and erdogan 's dicks .
