  luckily the eu is not as stupid as you are . 
   because the eu has a fta with canada does n't mean it owe the uk one as well . 
  well that 's a good thing then that the eu has come out in its brexit draft guidelines ( which all 27 members have agreed with ) that it is ok with creating a fta with the uk post-brexit . 
  it 's funny , because you 're literally trying to argue from a position that the eu itself does not hold at all . 
  it 's genuinely baffling how you seem to think you 're speaking from a position of authority when the actual people in charge have written their guidelines against your what you 're trying to say . 
   theresa may threatened to make a corporate tax war unless whatever demands . 
  she said she would lower taxes in order to keep britain competitive in the case that no deal with the eu is reached . 
  i 'm sorry if you think that the uk government daring to make a plan of action in the case that brexit talks fail is somehow an attack on the eu . 
  maybe the french just are n't used to politicians trying to make actual economic plans , culture difference you know . 
   same for intelligience . 
  you ca n't have access to our intelligence services without a deal that gives you access to them . 
  that 's not a threat , that 's not an attack , it 's just reality . 
   bojo bojo is n't anti-eu or pro-eu , he 's an opportunist . 
  that being said i ca n't actually remember bojo saying anything bad about the eu pre-brexit referendum . 
   farage not a part of the uk government . 
  he 's not even an mp in parliament . 
   sabotage , well it looks like the uk is currently trying to stall some eu budget affectation . 
  the uk is n't trying to stall the eu budget . 
  the uk government has laws it has to follow in the run-up to a general election . 
  that law does not allow the uk government to make plans that a future government would be accountable for during the run-up to a general election . 
  the reason we 're in this position is because italy blocked the budget from being made so renzi could have his little referendum , was that italy trying to sabotage the eu too ? 
   well in order to get a transitional deal before something else , the uk needs to pay 60 billions euros to the eu and according to most brits here , it 's never going to happens . 
  oh the uk will pay some amount of money , i do n't know if will be a full 60 billion , it 's going to be up to negotiation . 
   anyways , french president has been pretty clear : free trade depends on free movement you do n't get to cherry-pick what you want . 
  you 're falling for english tabloid . 
  the title of the article may say ` free trade depends on free movement ' but that 's not what holland even said ( not that what holland thinks or says even matters soon , but let 's pretend ) let 's look beyond the title  theresa may was warned by the french president , fran\u00e7ois hollande , at their first meeting in paris that the uk can not expect ** access to the single market ** if it wants to put immigration controls on eu citizens . 
  wow , you mean he said exactly what i said ? 
  that he was talking about access to the single market and not the creation of a fta ? 
  wow !, 
  the problem here is this article is * extremely * old . 
  pretty much right after brexit vote happened old . 
  this article was written when the guardian was operating on the presumption that theresa may would seek to continue access to the single market , therefor the title made sense , because holland was telling may that no you can not control immigration and have access to the single market . 
  that , frankly , is old news . 
  but despite being old news you still linked an article that proves my point , so thanks !, 
  you know as i said rather than reading months old guardian articles you could just go look through the brand spanking new eu draft guidelines for brexit negotiations . 
  i do n't know how much clearer i can be , or how much clearer the uk government could be , or how much clearer the fucking eu government could be - what your saying is not true , a fta can be created between the uk-eu without free movement . 
  the eu government themselves have said they 're interested . 
  like - how much more do you want , does junker have to personally knock on your door before you get it into your head . 
   you lot are some fine drama queens . 
  nobody in europe want to punish the uk . 
  but by leaving , you become a third party state ( that was the goal right ? ), 
  and you will be treated as such . 
  ok , great !, 
  and like other third party states we 'll be creating a free trade agreement with the eu without including free movement . 
  you know , like other third party states the eu has free trade agreements with . 
  thanks !, 
   also , threat , insults and sabotage are n't really appreciated , if you want to be treated better than erdogan , then do n't act like him . 
  is this a joke . 
  what threats , insults and sabotage has the uk government committed to the eu . 
  what action has the uk * government * taken . 
  literally the only thing i can think of is when teresa may said that uk intelligence services would no longer be available to the eu if no deal was created , but that 's only a threat if you have the delusion of thinking that somehow the eu has the god-given right to uk intelligence services for literally nothing . 
   every.single.european.leaders stated that the uk will be in a worse position outside the eu than inside it , meaning no free-trade meaning no single market access . 
  learn the difference between single market access and a fta . 
   i took 7 years to write ceta with canada because harmonising two completely different economies is difficult . 
  the uk already follows every eu regulation and is unlikely to repeal most of it . 
   and a small parliament in belgium almost killed it . 
  and that lasted about 24 hours . 
   free-trade with the uk is like admission for turkey , that will keep you on your good side but truth to be told , it 's never going to happens and you know it . 
  you know it 's / r/europe when they compare the actions the eu takes against a dictator vs the actions they 'll take for a country using a piece of legislature it itself wrote . 
   here is a reason the eu became as big as the usa , economy wise let 's not get too big for your bootsteps there pal . 
  the eu economy is a lot smaller than the us without the uk , and with double the population . 
  though for the slowest growing continent in the world you sure are certain that the eu is some amazing propagator of growth despite all the evidence to the contrary . 
  the post crash growth of the eu has been pathetic compared to the americas . 
   and if you do n't like what you are offered , `` no deal '' , then you 'll tank and come back to reason after a couple years . 
  or you know , what 'll likely happen is a transitional deal while a free trade agreement is created by the uk and the eu . 
  both of which are ideas that have been floated by both sides before negotiations have even begun . 
  but hey you know i know that does n't fit the narrative you 've created in your mind where you think the eu is going to strike down the uk with wrath and hell-fire . 
   yep you are right , but the eu clearly stated that the uk will not get a free-trade agreement , so that topic is closed . 
  except for the part in the eu draft guidelines for brexit mention the part about creating a free trade agreement with the uk ? 
   `` the british government has indicated that it will not seek to remain in the single market , but would like to pursue an ambitious free trade agreement with the european union . 
  based on the union 's interests , the european council stands ready to initiate work towards such an agreement , to be finalised and concluded once the united kingdom is no longer a member state . '', 
  clearly stating that the uk will not get a free trade agreement , by confirming that the eu is open to negotiating a free trade agreement ? 
  the only caveat is that the eu wants such a deal to be drafted post-brexit negotiations . 
  but uh , that 's still a free trade agreement . 
   if you are not , you may get a trade-deal in a while , but it 's not going to be a fta , it 's going to be the eu will cherry pick what it want and you agree type of deal . 
  you might want to go tell the eu , because somebody forgot to tell them your master plan . 
  book yourself a plane to canada and tell the border agents that you 've come to live in canada as is your right due to the new canadian-eu free trade agreement . 
  you 'll be laughed onto the plane back home after a few confused looks , but you know , you could try . 
  free movement is not needed for a fta . 
  free movement is needed to stay in the single market as a member of say the efta , this is distinctly different from a fta . 
  the eu has multiple ftas with countries across the globe without free movement , because freedom of movement has nothing to do with free trade agreements . 
   just the uk . 
  the eu just signed a fta with canada and japan is next . 
  maybe one will also happens with the usa . 
  sanction agains ' t russia could be lifted . 
  everyone know that africa needs investment or else they 'll keep sending migrant , and germany should spend more of its surplus into eastern europe . 
  if only it were that simple . 
  do i really need to explain to you why the uk is a much more important market to the eu than canada and japan ( leaving out the us , because us-eu trade deal is frankly not going to happen anyday soon ) i 'm sorry , but if you think that the eu can completely cut all ties and movement between its 2nd biggest economy and escape without a recession - it 's just not possible . 
  i 'm too lazy to get into all the details , but there 's so many small things that are going to be fucked completely by your self-masturbatory dream of completely destroying the uk . 
  we could talk about things like the [ target2 ] ( https://masterinvestor.co.uk/economics/uks-brexit-negotiating-hand-stronger-think/ ) imbalance but i 'm not sure how far we 're going to get when you think the uks economy can simply be replaced by a trade deal with japan and removing sanctions on russia . 
  by the way , that article is written by a former world bank analyst , on a website run by a german entrepreneur , sponsored by deutsche b\u00f6rse - incase you wonder about it 's impartiality . 
   plenty of ways to make up for the loss , let 's say half of it , of uk 's business which would represent , in average , for a decrease of 3.5 % of each country 's export . 
  unfortunately it 's not an average over all countries , is it . 
  the uks trade is highly important to the larger more important countries - which will be hit harder than say estonia ( sorry estonia ) . 
  the impact of a hard brexit will be focused onto a handful of countries , and then the hit on those countries would expand onto others as a result . 
  a cascading effect that hurts everyone . 
  sure if you pretend that the uk trades at the same % with germany and france vs poland and bulgaria then everything will be fine - but it does n't . .  do you remember the `` soft-brexit soft brexit was talking about the possibility of the uk just dropping into efta membership instead of remaining a full eu member , it actually could still happen if for whatever reason the uk government gave up their stance on immigration . 
  highly unlikely but there 's a possibility . 
   but you know , you do you i guess . 
  it 's just a saying .
