  lol , he might be a drunk , but he 's hardly dangerous . 
  i really do n't think that 's just czech thing . 
  i 'm kinda curious as to why we got two states when all the other countries only have one . 
  i 'm sure there 's plenty , i just do n't really think app based dating is an actual thing in slovakia/czech republic edit : then again , i 'm the loneliest guy in central europe , so what do i know, 
   most of reddit is american false [ source ] ( http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/reddit.com ), 
  right , 'cause tinder is huge in slovakia . 
  nope, 
   spaghetti + ketchup + eidam meh , i still eat the from time to time . 
  nothing wrong with it . 
  dvd ? 
  what year is it ? 
  cheap beer ? 
  so if i decide i need a room at school to do karaoke two times a day during breaks and the school wo n't provide the room for me , is that outrageous too ? 
  is taping matches and watching them later actually a thing outside the us ? 
  you see it on tv shows all the time , but i do n't think i 've actually ever met someone who does this . 
  from the article :  some have criticised `` czechia '' as ugly, 
  so do buses though, 
  where is it not ? 
  [ randomly chosen tram stop near my workplace ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h9sft38.jpg ), 
  i 'd say like half of these pictures are pretty normal, 
   it really drives home the point that you a insignificant and not special i mean , we are insignificant and not special . 
  sooner you come to terms with that , the better i think, 
  why ? 
  it looks alright . 
  lots of green , i hear people are into that . 
  topic of politics is rarely mentioned ? 
  we used to go to a friend 's wine cellar before the afternoon pe class . 
  pe class is really fun after a couple of shots of slivovitz, 
  keep fighting the good fight dude, 
  well , it does n't mean anything similar in czech , so really ca n't see how it could be considered offensive, 
  how is that a same thing ? 
  one of the parts is called '' \u010cesko '', 
  it just sounds wrong and weird . 
  i do n't know why . 
  i 'm hardly alone though , i think most people here hate or at the very least do n't like it . 
  also stupid, 
  yeah , well , maybe it 's not , but it probably is, 
  please do n't , it 's a shitty name and were try not to popularize it, 
  ca n't seem to find one . 
  could probably make one , but i got other stuff to do, 
  i guess , i 've never actually seen it , i just really like the gif, 
  [ ok ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/y7kvoylzas6ag/giphy.gif ), 
   it 's not really censoring . 
  yeah , that 's exactly what 's baffling me . 
  why do it if it 's so pointless ? 
   f * ck now do n't take my word for it , but i heard you can actually swear on the internet, 
   so you 're saying that all of your politicians are required to be atheist how did you get that out of my comment ? 
  i 'm saying that religious beliefs of our politicians have a zero to one effect on whether they 're gon na be elected or not . 
  oh come on , you guys never had an openly atheist president . 
  they would n't even stand a chance . 
  you can boast about how you did it first or whatever , but that changes nothing about the fact other countries did it much better . 
  about 20 eur, 
  yeah , but compared to a magic goat ... 
  i mean , it 's a no-brainer, 
  tell me about it . 
  we 're stuck with a stupid little baby instead . 
  i do n't understand why you should push a private pub owner to have separate rooms for nonsmokers . 
  just do n't go to the pub in you mind the smoke ? 
  it 's not like you have to go there . 
  as somebody who 's never smoked a cigarette in his life and has actually worked in a restaurant , i think it 's bullshit, 
  was he supposed to talk him down instead and wait till he gets rehabilitated in prison or what ? 
  i suppose , but cost of living in czech republic is way lower, 
  i 'd say it 's pretty impressive when the average is around 30k, 
  we just gon na ignore the spelling ? 
  good luck reforming a guy who murdered 77 kids . 
  it 's all about mila, 
  should n't you be out there sacrificing your daughter to the lord of light ? 
  hey , at least yours is n't [ retarded ] ( http://i.imgur.com/myz2kwz.png ), 
  / s is ruining sarcasm, 
  guy looks bored [ as fuck ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vkamirl.png ) no , but seriously , what a stupid title . 
  it 's a nice gesture , but that 's about all it is, 
   well obviously you do n't since you compare second hand smoking with driving . 
  certain jobs come with certain risks . 
  working in an office and sitting in a chair 40 hours a week is n't good for you either . 
  neither is working in a coal mine . 
  yet people still do these jobs . 
   do you not understand that second hand smoking is dangerous and has no benefits ? 
  shit , really ? 
  good to know . 
  no , seriously , how is deciding to work in a smoking pub different than deciding to smoke ? 
  you do n't have to do either , yet people still do . 
  i understand the conversation . 
  do you ? 
  you said the workers do n't have a choice , but they do . 
  i do n't smoke . 
  i never did . 
  i hate the smell . 
  you wan na know how i deal with that ? 
  i do n't go to pubs where smoking is allowed . 
  get a job elsewhere then ? 
  if i 'm afraid of dying in a car accident , i 'm not gon na get a job where you have to drive a lot . 
  it 's not like there 's a job shortage here . 
  hi , nice to meet you . 
  you do see how that 's not the same thing , right ? 
  i hate it , but `` normal '' might be a bit of a stretch, 
  huh , our mayor is a bishop in the hussite church . 
  he 's also an enormous asshole . 
  more lower middle cost , i 'd say , but i agree about the taste, 
   maybe men and women are different , and are therefore interested in different things . 
  come on , that 's just crazy talk .
