fuck , i should move to finland . 
  how 's the internet over there ? 
  that 's amazing . 
  seriously , what 's up with the pom-bear ? 
   comments made on facebook by an extremist politician sounds like an official and newsworthy statement . 
  yeah , pretty much what fleg said . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.ptejteseknihovny.cz/dotazy/slovo-nemec-etymologie ) , in the past the word `` n\u011bm\u00fd '' ( mute ) did n't only mean , well , mute people , but also people speaking unintelligibly , so generally foreigners . 
  in slavic countries , the foreigners we 're mostly germans , thus the word `` n\u011bmec '', 
  wow , i 've never realized the origin of the name . 
  i seriously hope it does n't catch on . 
  sounds fucking stupid . 
  i live near a church and i 've lived near a mosque when i was in uk . 
  there 's a difference mate . 
  we 're a mostly atheistic country and accepting a shitton of muslims will inevitably be nothing but a step back . 
  dunno man , voting for a guy with tatoos just because he 's a guy with tatoos ... 
  yeah ? 
  what power is he grabbing exactly ? 
  oh yeah , because karel `` i fall asleep every ten minutes and nobody can understand what i 'm saying '' schwarzenberg is such much more fucking representative . 
  i 'm not saying i like the way he acts , but we did n't have much of a choice and more importantly , he does n't fucking matter anyway . 
   cars and computers are n't necessities , they 're luxury products . 
  yeah , no , that 's bullshit . 
  pls do n't, 
  and i did not say that was the case . 
  out of the two options he gave , the latter one was closer to the truth than the other one . 
  if that 's what you consider an extensive debate , then sure , i 'm wrong . 
  i do n't want it . 
  you can have it . 
  the latter, 
  how is it lame ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  we 're pagans , infidels and we eat babies . 
  right . 
  1050 years ? 
  sounds like a good time to get over it, 
  looks alright . 
  i generally prefer my chocolate to have less nuts and fruit . 
  i do n't think i 've ever met someone who liked studentsk\u00e1 pe\u010de\u0165 before, 
  i suppose , but the bus stop having walls definitely helps, 
  haha , it 's not that rural , really . 
  and our bus service is pretty great . 
  it 's just a terrible bus stop . 
  i do n't really use it any more , but i had to when i went to high school and at six in the morning , during winter ... well , it 's not great . 
  still better than [ mine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mwrcinj.png ), 
  yeah , i figured it was some kind of margarine, 
  yeah , we have a similar one . 
  our butter still comes wrapped in paper . 
   try not to get offended though yeah , i 'm not . 
  see ? 
  it 's easy . 
  maybe try not getting offended instead ? 
  we use `` mrska\u010dka '', 
   their target audience is low-income people from small towns and villages no , their target audience is morons . 
  bulgaria is n't a part of v4, 
  you 're either a troll or a moron . 
  or maybe both . 
  i might be weird , but that sounds great . 
  not the lizard thing ? 
  sure , and if there 's ever an alternative that does n't sound as stupid as czechia does , i 'll gladly use it . 
   not to mention the fact that many people do n't get that `` czech '' is an adjective i 'm sorry , but i do n't see how that 's our problem, 
  it sounds stupid ? 
  less fancy , but i 'll still take it over * czechia *, 
  yeah , i think the people here are the only czechs who like the name edit : well , them and zeman , according to wiki . 
  which is funny in its own way . 
  it 's just a couple more letters, 
  fancy . 
  we also deserve not being called czechia, 
  well , they did ban [ pomaz\u00e1nkov\u00e9 m\u00e1slo ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pomaz%c3%a1nkov%c3%a9_m%c3%a1slo ), 
  wow , this logic of yours is all kinds of fucked up . 
  mate , i love me some chicken , but if you think we kill animals to survive , you 're lying to yourself . 
  creepy, 
  hmm , balanced . 
  guess i 'm not using the good ol' excuse for why i do n't get any . 
  it 's really not that hard, 
  i know like two of these songs, 
   there are no really devoted followers to the religion of the flying spaghetti monster how dare you ? 
  yeah , that entire affair was annoying as hell too , i never said it was n't . 
  i 'm not sure i get what your point is . 
  hmm , the hysteria and media campaign surrounding a more or less innocent remark almost makes me wan na root for him . 
  yeah , it 's a bad joke , big fucking deal . 
  yeah , lets . 
  hope does die last after all . 
  yeah , it 's hardly perfect , but it would at least partially fill the hole . 
  yeah , well , except for new episodes of tv shows . 
  gon na have to wait for hulu i guess . 
  that might be the most accurate description of the situation so far, 
  dammit , why do n't we have a cool christmas goat ? 
  all we get is a stupid little baby . 
  i mean like 16 \u00b0 c or something , i hate hot weather probably more than i hate snow . 
  in my ideal world it 'd be 16 \u00b0 c all year round . 
  i , for one , am perfectly okay with it . 
  i 'd like it to be a little warmer though . 
  well , fuck . 
  sure , but schools are closed on thursday and friday , so this takes some pressure off parents figuring out what to do with their kids on friday , i guess . 
   february 22 ( gold in nagano ) wait , what ? 
   it comes as no surprise that this sudden `` adhering to christian traditions '' is a response to what goes on in europe right now . 
  that sounds like a bit of a stretch, 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  yeah , just another empty gesture so people can feel better about themselves . 
  how is the dutch way less efficient that the german way ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i was taught the dutch way at school , but apparently i was sick that day or something,
