do you mean the [ stabilisation and association agreement ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/policy/glossary/terms/saa_en.htm ) ? 
  i do n't quite see the basis for a lawsuit , also given that serbia was first to ban all goods and cargo vehicles from croatia . 
  also , at what international court would the lawsuit take place ? 
  is it really ? 
  i 'm not aware of any international law that forbids it . 
   awesome foreign policy !, 
  god damn arrogant bastard . 
  i 'm all for shipping the immigrants though hungary , they ca n't and they do n't want to stay in croatia , but the pm ca n't be direct and give a statement like that . 
  we all know he 's hardheaded , but i really ca n't believe he actually said that to the press . 
  serb as in orthodox slav born in croatia , not as in someone from serbia . 
  my point is that in croatian it 's pretty clear what he was , he was a `` srbin '' , not a `` srbijanac '' . 
  since both translate into serb in english , croatian orthodox does give the best explanation . 
  this makes so much more sense in croatian or serbian . 
  i think the best way to describe him in english is croatian orthodox , since he had nothing to do with serbia , but the orthodox ( a.k.a. 
  serbs ) in croatia even back then did n't call themselves by the same name as the catholic ( a.k.a. 
  then we mostly agree . 
  i put the link up to answer a question , not to claim anything , although it is a nice article by itself . 
  i do n't think i 've seen a better list of differences of our languages than that , and the author does n't really claim anything in it , except at the end where he says they are not identical and it would be a shame not to study the languages in more detail because of politics . 
  to be honest , the term serbo-croatian bugs me because of the bosnian language and how it developed . 
  saying we all speak serbo-croatian is like saying we all speak bosnian and saying `` stfu , your all the same '' , as oppose to categorize our languages by the obvious connection like , say , czech-slovak . 
   8/26 wrong : almost a third completely indifferent ( at least in serbian ) that 's the thing , in every word pair you crossed are words that have no meaning in croatian . 
  word * pravo * means law , while * izvini , varnica , zapeta , sopstveni , bukvalno , svirep , oblakoder * are serbian words and are not spoken by croats . 
  they are rightfully on the list . 
  the fact that you use both pairs in serbian is probably a consequence of the artificial unification of the two languages during sfrj . 
  i wo n't claim that it certainly is , but either way that 's a clear difference between the languages . 
   the ones that are in fact different can be easily understood younger generations in croatia do n't understand these words until they come into contact with native serbian speakers or try reading books printed in zagreb before 1970 . 
  also , it 's a pain when you have to read those books because there are no newer publications , not to mention reading books printed in sarajevo or belgrade . 
  they 're just words from a different language . 
   we do n't say dokumenat , elemenat , zapeta instead of zarez , rocky mountains are n't roki mauntins but stenovite planine yeah , right . 
   `` dirin\u010diti , taze , sabajle , zejtin '' : those are localisms used somewhere in southern serbia and i 've only heard zejtin used by two 75-yos good to know you found something in those nine pages that was wrong , i 'm guess then you 're right that all the other listed differences are bullshit . 
  yeah right , kolodvor is such a new word it was used in [ a cadastral map from 1892 . 
  ] ( http://www.hkv.hr/images/stories/slike05/kolodvor/26b-1892-trenkova-snap8c9.jpg ), 
   yes , i 'm sure a paper published in a croatian journal by a croatian author , with not a single reference to any other literature , settles the whole matter for good !, 
  ;-) i 'm guessing you did n't even read the paper . 
  the paper is a nine page discussion on differences between languages , it 's literally just listing some differences . 
  what kind of reference does this kind of paper need ? 
  can you find anything listed that is not true ? 
  yes , the campaign started in the 1830 's with the [ illyrian/croatian language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illyrian_movement ) with the [ brief basics of the croatian-slavic orthography ] ( http://www.theeuropeanlibrary.org/exhibition-reading-europe/detail.html?id=96806 ) . 
  but to be fair , most nations in europe started to emerge around that time . 
   okolotrbu\u0161nipantalodr\u017eac hahaha , i understood that reference . 
  look at [ serbian and croatian : one language or languages ? 
  ] ( http://hrcak.srce.hr/index.php?show=clanak&amp;id_clanak_jezik=48911 ) under syntax . 
  it 's a good read . 
  no , not really . 
  economically it 's pretty much still the same ( the first year we have a bad tourist season is the year we go down like greece ) , but politically it 's even worse than before ( till then we had a consensus to get us into the eu , now there 's not a single thing our politicians can agree on ) . 
  very interesting , in croatia 1848 is about abolition of serfdom , political freedoms , unification of croatian lands , and sovereignty from hungary . 
  ban jela\u010di\u0107 is considered the first croatian `` ruler '' to unite all of croatia , even though it was short-lived . 
  also , in croatia we consider the time from 1848 to 1918 to be a very troubled time ( although to be fair , which period in our history was n't troubled ? ), 
  because of hungarian hegemony and hungarians such as lajos kossuth and khuen hedervary . 
  everyone in croatia sees those times that way , but they do n't give them much thought because we also remember the great united battles against the ottomans and your big help during our homeland war . 
  i second that . 
  no doubt our history gave us reasons to not like hungary from 150 years ago , but today ... 
  i love hungary , its food and culture is like my own , and it 's definitely the country that we have the best relations with ( along with austria and germany , of course ) . 
  if you would like a different source , you can read the end of the first and beginning of the second page of the document [ a brief overview of the process of attaining independence and the occupation and liberation of the republic of croatia in the homeland war ] ( http://centardomovinskograta.hr/?page_id=18 ) , provided by croatian memorial-documentation centre of the homeland war . 
  to be fair , the bloody easter at plitvice on 31 march 1991 is the real start of the war , but the balvan revolution and , say , dinamo zagreb - crvena zvezda incident from 1990 did give a good hint at the war to come . 
  if you have time to google translate , there is a [ wikipedia article ] ( https://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/razoru\u017eanje_teritorijalne_obrane_sr_hrvatske_1990 . ), 
  which explains how croatia ended up without any weapons by end of may , 1990 , which is why it tried to import weapons from neighboring countries . 
   so anyone who writes a constitution and declare it , it is automatically state with no legality issue . 
  of course not . 
  however , in the case of republic of croatia , things are pretty clear . 
  the democratic changes were mostly during 1990 , the christmas constitution was passed on 21 december 1990 , and the laws and constitution of croatia became supreme on 21 february 1991 . 
  on the other hand , the war did n't start before the bloody easter on 31 march 1991 , so all yugoslav army activity in croatia after that , without croatia 's say so , was attacking croatia . 
   un recognition is still more important then some constitution paper . 
  well , croatia did enter the un fairly quickly , so that 's just more thing that proves my point . 
   as can be seen in the case of kosovo , the constitution does not mean anything if the state is not a un member . 
  croatia became a un member in 1992. , a few months after yugoslavia changed its name . 
  your point is completely wrong . 
  i 'm sorry , but being an un member state has nothing to do with legality and constitutionality . 
  my point still stands . 
  also , the situation with kosovo is n't that simple either , as the un had a presence in kosovo for almost a decade before the declaration of independence . 
  however , since there is no comparing croatia and kosovo in this discussion , this is all i have to say . 
   and how can someone write that croatia was attacked by yugoslav army , when in the beginning of the war croatia still was in the framework of an internationally recognized state , yugoslavia . 
  firstly , croatia was a republic within yugoslavia . 
  not a sovereign republic of course , but a republic . 
  the yugoslav army , by all the laws and constitution , acted well beyond it 's rights and definitely acted only in order to help chetniks and rebel serbs occupy croatia . 
  secondly , becoming a ( internationally recognized ) state is a process that does n't happen over night . 
  even if you did n't agree with what i already pointed out , the war lasted well beyond croatia 's international recognition and un entry , characterizing serbia 's involvement as an aggression . 
   opinion no . 
  3 is very interesting but not fully implemented so we do not know where the borders between current states and is awaiting an arbitration decision . 
  true , the disagreement quite a minor one , and the border certainly is n't the virovitica-ogulin-karlovac-karlobag line . 
  guessing you 've never been to republika srpska then , eh ? 
  the same logic . 
  constitutional means that something was conducted in accordance with the constitution . 
  as i said , croatia went through a number of democratic changes ( a long list of changes in laws , republic constitution and elections ) and every step was lawful and constitutional under yugoslavia , until croatia became a democratic republic and the laws and constitutions of yugoslavia had no affect . 
  the referendum you speak of had no legal bounds for croatia . 
  if you want to know more about what was constitutional and lawful in this two situations , you can check out what respected european legal experts had to say , opinions no . 
  2 & 3 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arbitration_commission_of_the_peace_conference_on_yugoslavia, 
  there is no other side . 
  it had no right to stop it , croatia 's declaration of independence was constitutional . 
  the point that the yugoslav army had the right to stop it does not hold , because croatia went through democratic changes and the yugoslav army was under the control of socialist serbia . 
  also , the yugoslav army claimed that it was interfering in croatia to stop croatia attacking croatian serbs . 
  however , that was not the case , it was attacking croatian cities and villages , and helping the rebel serbs occupy territory and banish croats from this areas . 
  there so much wrong with this article , i would need to comment each paragraph to show how wrong it really is . 
  more than half of the claims are false , and the rest are real quotes that either twist the truth or are just made up . 
  fyi , croats are not intolerant against serb . 
  one half of croats really loves serbs and one half of croats hate chetniks and anyone with a yugoslav political view ( when i say half , i really mean 45 % -55 % ) . 
  since a lot of nationalist serbs in croatia do like to hide behind the yugoslav and antifascist political movement , there is hate between one half of croats and a part of serbian community in croatia . 
  however , that 's not intolerance because of ethnic reason , it 's just politics and history . 
  actually , it has something to do with how `` hrvat '' was pronounced and written in greek , and how that greek form was translated to latin ( using some weird conventions for translating from greek to roman alphabet ) . 
  uf , there 's a few things wrong with this article .
