no of course it 's not the good decision . 
  i just say that even so we are taking much of the burden , it 's our problem as much as it is their . 
  yes exactly . 
  why should we protect your border on our soil ? 
  what do you mean by `` putin got france really cheap '' ? 
  the % of french who voted is actually higher than the last time . 
  france is very centralized so people do n't care a lot of the regionals elections, 
  it 's actually france ( 2,08 ) , irland ( 2,01 ) and the uk ( 1,90 ) . 
  northern countries have birthrates under 1,8, 
  you ca n't revoke their citizenship unless they have the double nationality . 
  maybe it 's because it 's expensive that no one buy household gas, 
  france can provide the fort boyard, 
  and french wine . 
  this is going way too far , we have to do something about it . 
  can confirm , in france we have gang of eastern europeans too . 
  we do n't like dictator but not because of napoleon . 
  napoleon is well seen in france . 
  he completely modernized france and others europeans countries followed his work . 
  france economy is a bit bigger actually , because the uk include the prostitution and drugs whereas we do not . 
  plus , i do n't see why this is hypocrit . 
  one of the fear of the anti-gmo is that the mutations that were implemented could be transeferred to other vegetals . 
  this is something that can happens when they grow not when they are on your plate . 
  the numero 2 of the party is gay so ... 
  after ww2 there was the algeria war and there was a plot by military to take the power . 
  so ... no , it 's not '' by far '' the most extreme era in france since ww2, 
  but the uk never tried to join the euro, 
  you understimate the level of nuisance the uk have on the eu . 
  this letter is a good summary : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jun/06/french-message-britain-get-out-european-union, 
  it depends . 
  i think there was a misconception in britain about what was the eu . 
  for the british , the eu was just a common market whereas for us it was more than that . 
  if the british ( especially the english i believe ) do n't change their mind , i think there are 2 options : 1 ) the uk leave 2 ) they stay in , with a different level of integration than the others members . 
  however this option also mean that the uk will have less and less power in the eu and they do n't really want that . 
  if they change their mind and try to work with us , then one day they will take the euro as their currency . 
  economically , it 's more interesting for them to have the euro . 
  the problem is that they do n't trust in the future of the eu so with their own currency it give them more independance . 
  there are 200k british in france , and in the same time there are ~ 300k french people in britain . 
  since the uk is the closest english speaking country it 's quite attractive for our young , plus you are currently doing well economically ; so it 's not surprising but it 's really not unbalanced . 
  but i guess you were trolling , right ? 
  the eu will want to trade with you , but not at any cost . 
  do n't over estimate the leverage of your country . 
  you wo n't be in a position to force us anything . 
  plus , why do you think that europe is protectionist ? 
  we already have lot of free trade agreements . 
  i do n't deny that , but it 's not because it is in our interest that we will do anything ( like accept an unfair deal ) just to keep trading with you . 
  you have more to lost than we do since we are 450 millions and you are 60 millions . 
  norway has to pay , switzerland has to pay . . 
  if you got out you will have to pay too . 
  also , it 's more in your interests than in our interest . 
  the one that will beg is you , not us . 
   i do n't think that the reu will impose tariffs on the uk because the uk is the reu 's largest export market and because the reu has a significant trade surpluss with the uk . 
  as we say in france '' you ca n't have the butter and the money '' . 
  if you want to have access to our common market you have to pay and to agree on a certain number of requirement , otherwise it would be unfair . 
  what do you want exactly ? 
  go out of the eu ? 
  then what ? 
  if you want to have access to our market you will still have to pay and agree with lot of our terms . 
  i do n't see how this will improve your situation . 
  maybe you are doing good because you are in the eu . 
  before you joined you were doing very poorly https://www.google.fr/search?q=romania+population&amp;oq=romania+population&amp;aqs=chrome.0.69i59j0l5.4014j0j4&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=93&amp;ie=utf-8#q=romania+gdp, 
  you wo n't leave the eu . 
  a big part of your population will be scared because the future out of the eu is unpredictable as a result they will choose to stay . 
  it is still possible to work toward a more integrated europe , but with different level of integration . 
  i believe renzy ( and others ) proposed this . 
  honestly , it could even be better for the integrated countries since they will kind of dictate their conditions to the other countries , just like it is hapenning now with norway and switzerland, 
  maybe it was a mistake to enlarge the eu so much . 
  i feel like if there was only the 6 creators + spain + portugal + irland it would have been much better . 
  we are 500 millions . 
  you are 60 millions . 
  you will maybe get some of what you want just to please your population , but you will never change the fact that europe countries will become more and more integrated . 
  everybody know that you will stay in the eu . . you wo n't have the '' balls '' to leave . 
  a big part of your population will be scared because the future out of the eu is unpredictable as a result they will choose to stay . 
  le type , se plaint de choses totalement risibles . 
  jesus fucking christ ... i laughed :(, 
  they should go to the netherland if they do the travel on bikes , i am sure they will be easily integrated, 
  bulgaria is way richer than syria , but since they were told that germany is rich and welcoming they obviously want to go there . 
  same thing in france . 
  my parents bought a house of 160m \u00b2 20 years ago , for ~ 90k . 
  now the house probably worth ~ 250k, 
  of course there is something wrong with you . 
  i mean , you are english ... 
  what do you mean ? 
  ohoho 64 for france vs 49 for the uk . 
  it 's what happens when you create the 0 hour contracts . 
  instead of invest to increase the productivity , the enterprise take more employees . 
  spanish and portugues are also quite religious, 
  it depends what do you means by `` vegetarian food '' . 
  we do n't serve vegetarian menus but if you do n't want the meat you can ask to have more of the others things, 
  few people in france work 35h hours per week . 
  okay, 
  in your opinion , this kind of mindset also exist if a polish girl date another european ( german , french , italian ) or it 's just against african/persian/arabs ? 
  '' be in europe means i can export my wine '' god dammit !!, 
  just leave the eu britain , please !, 
  i beg you . . 
  haha really ? 
  do you have any link ? 
  france is the capital of paris , everybody knows that . 
  what ? 
  we are complaining about what ? 
  plus we are not struggling that much,
