  in that situation , it would have been much more positive to use those billions to give credit directly to businesses and for guaranteeing deposits . 
  yes , some money would have been lost , but even if , for some improbable reason , only half would have been repaid ( it would be at most 10 % unpaid , at its worst it went to 7,31 % ) , it would have decreased the effect of the recession , and it would have been a much more efficient use of resources , since it would n't be lost money . 
  it would n't have needed a huge public sector , in the same vein that a normal bank is n't that huge , and most of the employees work in sucursals , which would n't need to be one every corner , since it 's for business . 
  and we already have the ico ( instituto de credito oficial ) that gives credit , so it would be only a matter of expanding an existing institution and funding it . 
  i just thought , have n't we been violating somalian sovereignty for years to protect international shipping from pirates ? 
  how is it different ? 
  in the country that claims that guy , of course , since he unfortunately forgot where he is from . 
  then with the guy registered in that country we just keep sending him there when he gets lost . 
  i say five-ten thousand for the hassle of having that country look into his archives to find him is in order , though . 
  it would n't be fair otherwise . 
  i am very lenient with the ones that come openly , but the ones that lie and cheat their way through are an insult to legal migrants and honest refugees . 
  that activist himself ? 
  european socialist , aka : socialdemocrat . 
  the previous mayor and regional governor , esperanza aguirre , was a great admirer of her . 
  yes , she dilapidated all of madrid 's wealth gifting it to friends , privatized a lot of services gifting enormously profitable contracts to friends and family , was to the neck in corruption , and tried to run over a policeman with her car , when they were trying to fine her for parking in the wrong place . 
  our very own thatcher . 
  no , banks do not go bankrupt , they get 200 billions from eu countries , who then get another country to foot the bill . 
  having the government guarantee deposits and a public credit institution giving loans . 
  having it back in 2008 would have blunted much of the crisis , and it being an honest-to-god bank that only does loaning and keeping temporarily the deposits of people whose banks fell , would also be a big source of income . 
  imagine if , instead of gifting money to banks and praying they start giving credit again ( did n't work ) , all of that money went straight into the economy . 
  of course , several ceos would n't have enriched themselves crashing banks , but that 's a sacrifice i 'm willing to make . 
  no , they 'd get another bailout , their debt would get bigger , their economy would shrink further , and we 'd have the same situation only worse , in a year . 
  nothing , they could n't have paid eitherway , so no money really lost . 
  maybe even better , since now they wo n't default after several bailouts with double the debt . 
  what u/raminus said . 
  in basque country there 's a small , and beautiful , village called la arboleda , with some of the best beans i 've ever eaten , the town has a mining tradition and it shows in the ration size , better to go with a group of friends , you do n't want to try the road just after eating . 
  in coastal places , i 'm personally very partial for squid cooked in it 's ink , `` txipirones en su tinta '' and it 's not normally found in other areas . 
  always remember to get away from touristic places !, 
  in the same vein , if you travel , stay away from highway places , and look for trucks in secondary roads , they know where to eat . 
  wait , you cook steaks in butter ? 
  is that even legal ? 
  if suddenly the main money mover reduces its spending and the majority of the population sees their income greatly reduced , there is less money circulating , and all of the economy screeches to a halt . 
  bailing out banks was a wrong move . 
  there was no alternative since there are no public banks capable of stepping in and giving credit to people , even if it is at worse conditions . 
  but , from here , it 's the germans who are making the most fuss , and it 's their money that was stolen to cover banks who and buy debt that would never get paid . 
  but nice of you for ignoring the last two sentences , nobody noticed it 's because you ca n't disprove them . 
  but the austerity * anihilated * greek economy , eliminating any possibility of paying . 
  any bailout is nothing than a patch to an outfit that lost all original cloth . 
  the main error was bailing out german banks by transferring the debt from private to public hands , making it impossible for greece to just default , and let bad investments be punished in accordance to free market . 
  they were taking those loans with enormous interest rates * because greece had a chance of defaulting * the bailout eliminated that chance , making it an enormously profitable business . 
  just adding more debt to greece every few months will only make the ball bigger , and the inevitable default more painful . 
  great place for highly competitive sports !, 
  madrid is not that bad , since it 's dry heat . 
  you should experience humid 40\u00ba , your sweat has no power here , it does n't evaporate . 
  `` terrorism '' is such a strong and ugly word ... 
  there was no error , i was making a joke about the measures `` working '' , if you take a specific definition of `` working '' . 
  we still have 25 % unemployment , 50 % youth unemployment , 900 $ / month is considered a good salary , indefinite contracts are an utopic dream , one third of the children are eating once or less times a day ( figures only show children , but remember that people will stop eating themselves to feed their children , and there are no figures for old people ) to the point many cities are considering opening school kitchens on summer so those kids can keep eating at least once a day , it 's become common for old people to freeze to death , or from fires from burning furniture in winter in their homes due to not being able to pay for heating , scholarships have been greatly cut , reducing university students dramatically , public healthcare ( at one point made us proud ) is collapsing on itself and privatizations , the government has sold at ridiculous prices assets ( public housing , public buildings ... ) even evicting people from their public housing to sell those flats ... that 's just off the top of my head . 
  at least i ca n't complain , i live in basque country , and since we have a lot of autonomy , we have n't got cuts like those , despite having a right government . 
  it 's the difference between neoliberal teocrats and neoconservatives . 
  but now they can instill fear in people that will make them more reluctant to do it , if there is a chance that they will be singled out and fined . 
  a strategy of terror , if you will . 
   `` worked '' ftfy, 
  fuck you nature !, 
  i 'm still in finals , i need to fucking sleep !, 
  in spain too . 
  for many people it would be beneficial to claim to be syrian and move there . 
  it 's 200 $ more than minimum salary . 
  franco ha vuelto, 
  lay off el mundo , it has absolutely no idea of what happens here in pais vasco . 
  the thing is that your comment gives off a vibe of `` how is he allowed to say this ? '', 
  when you wanted to say `` you are wrong , here 's why '' . 
  that put him in the defensive . 
  when later you said you were n't censoring , of course you were n't , you do n't have the power to do that , so that was never part of the conversation until you brought it up to disarm that argument . 
  he was flaunting his neck !, 
  if he had covered it , the terrorist would n't have cut it !, 
  from what i read , it was an industrial gas refinery , if they , somehow , managed to get the machinery to vaporize the fuel into the air , and then detonated it , they could potentially cause a thermobaric explosion and wipe out a big area . 
  going less with hollywood , chemical plants tend to have deposits of toxic chemicals stored to get taken to decontamination , increasing pressure there , or just break the deposits , and they could spill toxic chemicals around the surrounding area . 
  also , it will have big fuel deposits , even just burning them could cause a big area to be evacuated . 
  if your aim is to cause terror , i 'd go with # 2 and # 3 , # 1 i do n't think it 's even possible , but causing a fuel leak , igniting it and defending the facility so firefighters ca n't get there should cause a big plume of black smoke visible for tens of kilometers , and if they need to spend millions to decontaminate the area afterwards , the damage will be big . 
  chemical plants are dangerous and store plenty of dangerous , toxic and harmful chemicals . 
  they are safe because stringent security regulation , and because the workers know what they are doing . 
  it 's a chemical factory . 
  if it was a well planed attack , they could do a lot of damage to the surrounding area . 
  source : studying engineering edit : apparently it was n't a fuel factory , i blame my english comprehension . 
  it made compressed gas , and mostly harmless chemicals . 
  i do n't think you even have territorial waters if you ca n't enforce your authority in two thirds of your country . 
  libyan until proven otherwise , and nobody will ` forget ' their papers anymore . 
  oh , it is . 
  and the more southern-mediterranean you go its worst . 
  i wonder why they even bother with road crossings and stoplights in valencia . 
  yoy took one 70 years ago , and he integrated well , some would say too well , though, 
  how are australia 's policies responsible of finding boats of dead people ? 
  honestly curious . 
  depending on the amount of money fined , it will be cheaper than housing the immigrants . 
  if it 's a lot of money just do n't pay , and when retards go apeshit , ignore them too . 
  laws change . 
  they are not holy scriptures revealed by god on top of a mountain , they are written norms we agree as a society to abide to , because they are beneficial . 
  when a law is not beneficial it can , and should , be changed . 
  gypsies getting picked on in school ? 
  what continent are you from ? 
  gypsies are feared by all other kids , they are seen as dangerous by everybody else , including the teachers . 
  no kid , who is n't feeling suicidal would pick on a gipsy . 
  can i get the name of that anime ? 
  sounds interesting, 
  they buy chinese and indian . 
  since around 04-06 sales to africa have been dominated by chinese rather than european . 
  they make you pay gigantic fines for not doing it . 
  so retarded and crazy it might just work . 
  like in tv . 
  you will not be missed .
