  good riddance . 
  i think you meant ` rabid ' . 
  although extremist rabbits as mods would be cute . 
  because that way companies do n't lose money and minister soria gets a nice position as counsellor in one of them . 
  we intervened when the civil war was well underway . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but , in a way , i 'm starting to think the moral high ground is not something so important , i mean , no other country seems to care about it , for some people we will never have it because `` colonization '' and we are just shooting ourselves in the foot . 
  having it or not does n't seem to affect whether we can do something internally or externally , it 's just for justifying to ourselves that we are the good guys , when we are doing the exact same thing everyone else s doing . 
  does allowing something as horrible as a civil war , or a situation that 's harmful for everyone , to go on , just so we can claim something as intangible and with as little effect as the moral high ground ? 
  now , the insurgency thing is totally true . 
  but what does ` taken from nature ' mean ? 
  does a crop grown in a farm and artificially selected for centuries count ? 
  only things harvested in wild areas ? 
  even then there are plenty of natural things whose effects we do n't fully know . 
  for example : pot , and the ` toxoplasma gondii ' whose effects on human brain chemistry we do n't know . 
  dripping wet from his ass , i bet, 
  we do n't take pride on homosexuality laws from the fifties , maybe we should review asylum laws made around the same time . 
   ridiculous ignorance . 
  its well established the backwards nature of most of africa is due to the nature of the continent . 
  europeans and middle easterners were given the perfect environment to succeed . 
  only racist think the difference was due to some inherent inferiority of africans . 
  i can grant mesopotamia , but mind telling me in what sense did europe have the `` perfect environment to succeed '' that africa did n't have , especially when civilization developed later than in china and the caribbean ? 
  it 's a different way of killing each other , of boredom and frustration . 
  much more civilized this way . 
  this , you would n't say english culture is the same as russian , italian or norwegian , would you ? 
  `` one ? '', 
  we have enough to block out the ground, 
  yes , basically . 
  then i will be judged by a representative of the multinational , a judge from the country and somebody from a corporate funded organization . 
  no possibility of abuse . 
  wrong sub , buddy . 
  also , you are wrong, 
  wait , so progressive is now a race ? 
  try ten, 
  good way to pass the time while they bring you your bag of unmarked money and your ride to the airport , i guess . 
  the 2010s called ; `` people of colour '' is the pc term . 
  accounting for linguistic drift : `` coloured people '' ; which turns to : `` coloured '' . 
  he 's just ahead of the times . 
  you mean belgian cops ? 
  if so , already forgotten last year ? 
  but gender dysphoria is an actual psychiatric condition , recognizable and diagnosable . 
  edit for clarity : by which i mean it 's possible for a biologically male person to be wired in the brain as a female . 
  hey , some of us still have a moderately decent army . 
  even if we had to gut our force-projection due to economical collapse . 
  the same way profiling communist is not racist, 
  i 'm gon na say poor connection and mobile client , happens sometimes . 
  nowhere in no school are you going to earn any money until after you graduate, 
  has europe been bombing morocco , sudan and saudi arabia ? 
  go with that to the news , that 'd be a gigantic exclusive !, 
  so according to you belgium and france are now justified for bombing civilians , and usa was perfectly justified in invading iraq and afghanistan . 
  you 're a fucking white male, 
  we 've had a lot of experience with terrorism . 
  first hand , and the parts when society supported them , and parts when society did n't . 
  so yes , society can do a lot . 
  truly the capital of europe, 
  and `` near '' as in `` in the general geographical area '', 
  it 's a street light , one of the big ones used in main roads , you can see the pole . 
  it 's illuminating the smoke coming from the flare . 
  i thought it was his fathers or grandfathers surname , before they changed it to an english one during a world war ? 
  the crusades and the establishing of knight monk orders almost brought the church to another schism . 
  it is not the same situation , and you know it . 
  dropped your / s, 
  certainly not the sharpest tools in the shed, 
  the sleep i 'll lose over this !, 
  have you heard of colons ? 
  fucking saved , really needed the laugh . 
  but they are seriously mentally incapacitated, 
  franco changed it to be in line with germany 's in 1942, 
  they were only there because she puts cat food all over the house, 
  wow , you 've done a preliminary budget for the program , even !, 
  that 's amazing . 
  may i ask what metodology you 've used to reach that number ? 
  or have you just pulled a random number out of your ass ? 
  not more than asia . 
  especially korea and the south east asia region . 
  from yesterday 's front page : http://news.yahoo.com/cologne-prosecutor-majority-suspects-asylum-seekers-135156726.html i do n't know who invented that `` only three '' idiocy . 
  no , just no . 
  the middle ages were the result of a complete societal collapse and people certainly noticed their society , and all its institutions , disappearing . 
  one place it can be seen is the prevalence of writing as a form of communication , even on road signs , comercial propaganda and graffitis . 
  that demonstrates a large amount of literate citizens . 
  that dissappeared until almost the enlightenment . 
  tl ; dr people are not idiots , they notice their society collapsing around them . 
  a number that will be revised upward several times through the year, 
  when reality catches up to satire and even surpasses it, 
  is something you expect in a country with very recent terrorism problems who has n't have come around to fixing ( sometimes excessive , sometimes not ) laws made during the troubles and mending its laws to something more in line with what 's expected from a democratic , stable country , though . 
  all that said , yes it 's excessive . 
  i just hope it will make a change of laws . 
  i trust the judge will just clear them from all charges , you do n't become judgr being unable to understand context . 
  the extremists in this article multiply in mosques , have you read it ? 
  i know things are different over there , but ... yes , carrying firearms is extremely unusual . 
  concealed firearms with ammunition is even more unusual , and also a crime . 
  multiple loaded concealed handguns is exponentially more unusual . 
  i think a comparison would be somebody trying to enter disneyland in california ( was it there ? ), 
  with mustard gas canisters . 
  yes , it could be for a totally innocent cause , but the police is n't going to think that . 
  also , we have nowhere near the gang problem america has , so those statistics are pretty inflated . 
  well , it was not pegida torching those cars , were they ? 
   how many people are in arms over merkel 's treatment of greece ? 
  in southern europe , a lot . 
  and will continue to be very vocally against her and her policies . 
  if yoy ca n't even police a territory , you have little claim to sovereignity over it .
