  how , in any planet , in any way could someone think that what you wrote is in any way connected to what he wrote . 
  i 'm flabbergasted . 
  i did n't mean to say that they are more expensive , but that they look more expensive . 
  in my experience , they do . 
  and if there were very few , they would n't do anything about them . 
  it depends on the city , in my neighborhood there 's more kebab places than asian take-out in the whole city , so the distribution in yours is clearly very different . 
  different situations in different cities require different responses . 
  there 's most likely very few sushi places . 
  having ` more ' does n't say anything about the absolute quantity , and they are usually high-class expensive restaurants that look good ? 
  less than in europe nowadays and extremely more than europe pre-1800 . 
  i do n't know if you really did n't understand the extremely clear context of my comment , or whether you are arguing in bad faith . 
  i just hope it does n't happen in europe . 
  the process that took christianity to the modern era was a bloody multi-century process of wars , civil wars , revolution and counter revolution that left millions dead and devastated large parts of the continent several times . 
  central african , middle east ... 
  there 's bound to be someone with extra land that takes payment in euros . 
  say , fifty thousand per migrant per year ? 
  we save in money and social disruption . 
  they get money . 
  come on . 
  the west may have problems , but they are negligible compared with africa . 
  they are n't in the same leagues . 
  and about the cultures of europe , he is just explaining from the warped worldview of the regressive american left , which is a point of view that is , worryingly , metastasizing into europe lately from what i see in twitter . 
  clearly not , or this demographic explosion would n't happen . 
  you need modern healthcare and widespread food availability for this . 
  something that was n't in europe until very late in our history . 
  contrary to that situation , europe had a close culture country which was basically empty . 
  nowadays every continent is full , and nowhere has a compatible culture . 
  they have nowhere to immigrate to . 
  yes , if you want to end the eu . 
  if they tried that , even luxemburg would leave . 
  they both know what you can do with slave labor . 
  haha , good luck and have an otherwise great night !, 
  wait what ? 
  it 's the first time i hear of such a system . 
  how does it work ? 
  who goes there ? 
  is it related to the colonization of siberia ? 
  then do it again, 
  that they do it for free does n't take from the fact that they are an extremely important part of the smugglers operations . 
  without them the whole operation would be impossible or not economically feasible . 
  if the measures in place are n't working they might as well not be there . 
  a blocked fire exit is the same as no fire exit from a security perspective . 
  ` the idea ' of it has nothing to do . 
  you get fined wether the fire extinguishers are n't there or are empty . 
  there 's not a gigantic network of people trafficking and slavery in the mediterranean , no . 
  the claims of frontex and the authorities of people trafficking mafias in libya do n't exist , apparently frontex is a paranoid teenager , not to mention interpol and the governments of half of europe who have talked about the problem people traffickers are . 
  all of them paranoid teenagers . 
  and giving help and giving transport for hundreds of kilometers are two very different things . 
  thanks . 
  less injecting trump in every conversation . 
  that 'd be a positive . 
  ok , i 've been seeing those '' ( ( ( thing ) ) ) '' for a while now , what do they mean ? 
  no injecting virtue signalling trump bashing everywhere and no americans calling us racist for not letting everyone in ? 
  sign me the fuck up for that !, 
  13 words , actually . 
  from my perspective , population growth is not the cause of economic growth , it 's on the contrary , economic growth causes population growth . 
  your problem , and that of most of spain , is the absolutely mind-boggling level of corruption . 
  if you had had much less corruption , like we have here or they have around europe , you 'd have had a decent economic development . 
  as it is now , the money to teach your children is wasted away , leaving you with a comparatively worse education , the money europe sends is wasted in useless infrastructure that just rots away unused instead of being used for many smaller but more useful projects , your government racks up debt to line their pockets , increasing taxes and driving away people and investments , foreign investments that do n't know how to navigate the byzantine network of corruption ca n't invest ... 
  your problem , and that of spain , is mainly corruption . 
  until something is done there , little economic development can occur . 
  well , for that and because they wanted pnv to support their budget . 
  in that case we 'd get independence too . 
  i mean , have you seen the fandom ? 
  ( i was expressing a hypothetical scenario that would cause the basque country turning to independence . 
  i know scenarios of that are highly unlikely , i was being hypothetical ), 
  that 's why i said `` if '' . 
  not as much self government . 
  they pay more , but their infrastructures and institutions receive money from the central government , or are directly managed by it . 
  ours do n't . 
   it 's already unfair . 
  it 's the reason we are n't independent . 
  and nothing about privileges . 
  we pay you , and we get to self govern . 
  which means we pay for our stuff , and part of yours . 
  if cs gets in power and starts getting funny ideas about the concierto , we 'd get independent faster than you can imagine . 
  we already self govern in every way except the army . 
  txacoli sounds like an inca name . 
  he refused to comply with the orders of the authorities , of course he 's at fault . 
  yes , if the freighter does n't follow the orders of the authorities . 
  it 's been this way since ancient times ,, 
  and cantabria , at least laredo and noja . 
  those places are just basque colonies at this point . 
   basque country + arag\u00f3n   galicia having the cantabric coast   catalonia + valencia you actually want civil ( and otherwise ) wars to happen , do n't you ? 
  what the hell ? 
  do you think europe is a little fiefdom you can just gift to somebody ? 
  european union is a continental group with an economic weight greater than the us , and independent of it . 
  not something you can put a pretty bow on it and send trough the mail . 
  basque country . 
  venezuela y colombia also integrate well . 
  there 's a shitton of them , and they crowd poor areas of big cities , but same language and close culture does wonders . 
  it 's not like the ghettoization from africans . 
  well , at least around here , ghettos and nogo zones are starting to appear . 
  the diputaci\u00f3n and ayuntamiento are trying to break the ghettos by relocating gypsies there , and they just kill each other . 
  but yeah , our situation is the one france was in in the early 2000s . 
  it has n't . 
  we have n't had many of the problems france has had with algerians , but ghettos are starting to appear , at least where i live . 
  we always joke that we are always a couple decades behind europe in everything , and in this it 's true , the situation is the one france was in in the early 2000s , with ghettos and nogo zones starting to appear . 
  ok , here i want to add from personal experience . 
  when spanish talk about romanians they talk about romanian romanians , not roma .
