  i hope not . 
  being serious , i read the insult and made me laugh , so i copied it . 
  i do not support neoliberal policies , yet they happen . 
  i do not support austerity , yet it happens . 
  i do not support corruption , yet it happens . 
  things i do n't support do happen . 
  i do n't understand what part of this is so difficult . 
  i am not for ethnic cleansing , you thick mong ? 
  where where in my comment could you misconstruct it as an opinion , and not a statement of fact ? 
  and it will tend to homogenize by the same means . 
  we may never know . 
  they have god-tier ability to track surface ships . 
  it can also cause people interfering to shit themselves and run by emerging near , without firing a shot . 
  the thing is , many armies have a strict ` no mental disorders ' requirement . 
  gender dysphoria is a mental disorder , and a rather significant one at that . 
  and the treatment has severe behavioral side effects and ca n't be discontinued without significant side effects . 
  that 's without getting into the surgical treatment . 
  i 'm sure many people with adhd would be amazing troopers , but it 's a disqualifying mental illness in some armies , like the us army . 
  and the treatment is not as severe as gender dysphoria 's . 
  it 's mostly to do with being born in the wrong body , and not recognizing yourself in the mirror . 
  not only that , the hormone treatment causes mood swings and emotional instability . 
  two things you do n't want the people with the guns to have . 
  hell , if i were american , i 'd be immediately disqualified for add . 
  i do n't get the controversy of an army that has so little problem with recruiting putting up a policy of ` no mental disorders ' . 
  since gender dysphoria is an actual mental disorder ... 
  lol memes/10 although it was nice putting the three dangerous extremisms in there , there 's a negligible alt-right presence in europe when compared to islamic extremism . 
  and both pale in comparison to the sheer number of anitifa thugs . 
  the politburo has spoken !, 
  the people in ` refugee welcome ' demonstrations , or with the flags , should house the refugees themselves . 
  on their own dime , of course . 
  it would reduce costs , give the refugees a home , and help the pro-refugee people have more contact with them . 
  it only has positive things !, 
  i just want germany to stop forcing everyone to be part of their sick experiments . 
  and i also mean austerity . 
  edit : in fact ... forerunner in `` humanitarian assistance '' ? 
  tell that to hungry children in spain and greece . 
  it seems your politicians only care about `` assisting '' some people . 
  53 % with zero knowledge of denmark , or preparation . 
  i really do n't understand these tests you can 100 % with two days of light study . 
  yeah , years of ferry service add up, 
  there are no jobs natives wo n't do . 
  that is an outright lie . 
  there are jobs people wo n't do for below minimum wage , but the onus is on the employer to increase salary and conditions until people want to do the job . 
  enough salt to dry the mediterraneum, 
  apparently yes , when it 's politically expedient to do so . 
  i want september to be here already . 
  wow , i have n't seen a comment this racist in years here . 
  what made you such a disgusting xenophobe neonazi ? 
   a minutes long clip from an interview is propaganda . 
  is this the post-truth world we 've been hearing about ? 
  we do n't need to strong-arm . 
  we can bribe-arm . 
   muh alt-right boogieman you are ten times the asshole than they are . 
  at least they try to hide it and fit in . 
  i hate the mid-july influx of new users . 
  thankfully you all leave in september . 
  a narrative can be true . 
  in this case it is, 
  in this scenario they would be pirates . 
  thankfully the navies of several european countries are there to deal with the pirates the way pirates should be dealt with . 
  sad for the crew , in this hypothetical scenario . 
  same for the pro-immigration . 
  weirdly enough , those semi new accounts only post from mid-july to september . 
  really makes you think . 
  the only point is the horrendousness of the graphic . 
  it 's not a hospital ship . 
  the level of medical care available in that ship is comparable to a regular freighter . 
  they are n't dealing with it . 
  they are hiding in the sand , hoping the problem will go away . 
  the only thing they attempted was a horrendous resettlement deal to resettle the equivalent of a single day of arrivals , at the cost of germany 's political capital , alienating eastern europe and helping brexit happen . 
  and the ports are still open to trafficking vessels , deportations happen in laughably small numbers , ghettos are popping up everywhere , the welfare systems are suffering , and the far right is rising amidst ethnic and cultural tensions . 
  the future looks bleak , and it will only get much , much worse unless deportations start to happen in sufficient numbers , new arrivals get stopped and integration starts to be forced . 
  well , yes . 
  the number one priority of a country , the single thing that makes a state a state and not a mafia , charity , or corporation is the monopoly of violence grated in a social contract . 
  it postulates that citizens give away their ability to use violence to get what they want , giving that responsibility to the state im exchange of protection . 
  if , for the protection of the citizens , non citizens are n't granted entry into a country , then that 's fair . 
  that 's the prerrogative of the country , and it would be violating the right of safety of their citizens letting the 300 enter , if they knew one of them would hurt a citizen . 
  besides , denying entry does n't deny anyone of rights , entry into a country is a privilege . 
  an objectively worse representation . 
  holy shit the ugliness of this graph triggered me hard . 
  well , most of them are men , so ... 
  a graphic design like this should never be considered ` good ' . 
  hey , it 's improving , at least he just shat on america in general , instead of dragging internal american politics here . 
  absolutely horrendous graphic . 
  ugly to look at , difficult to read the info , colors are horrendous , and is it in jpg ? 
  graphics should be more readable than a table , and provide an easy way of getting information . 
  this is an absolute travesty of graphic design and an insult to everyone in that field . 
  it 's honestly making me angrier than seeing a bridge built by calatrava , from the incompetence displayed by the author . 
  excel makes better graphics automatically . 
  whoever made this abomination should be legally barred from making any kind of graphic representation for life . 
  that 's ... actually a pretty good performance . 
  from your description i was expecting him screeching , but he came off as educated , polite and all around a better argumentator . 
  yes . 
  i fear they 'll come again to be back in such a fantastically dank cell , though . 
  europe is not based on immigration , do n't lie . 
  that 's the kind of emotional bullshit i 'd expect from americans , not said by someone from europe . 
  no important european society is founded , based , or even has immigration as an important part of our culture . 
  keep american ideas in america . 
  yes , and one of our problems is mass immigration . 
  i wish our politicians started dealing with it .
