  ( damn frenchies flaunting their euromonies ), 
   buffet  2-3 plates jesus christ , dude , did you study in the ritz ? 
  that 's better than my vacations some years , they have zero reasons to complain . 
  they 'll see them from the window of their daddy-bought bmw when they take a wrong turn and hve to drive through a poor neighborhood, 
  normally you do n't draw the symbol, 
  what the hell is that sub ? 
  it reads likea bad acid trip ... 
  this is horrible , finland !, 
  shame on you !, 
  you should immediately take these people from your torture centers and move them somewhere they 'll get a better treatment , like syria !, 
  are n't we a schrodinger 's minority , though ? 
  i thought we were oppressed only if it suited the argument being made , like the jews . 
  and our diseases, 
  personally , i think using a 1 % of gdp to develop an european army based solely around defense and a treaty forcing the nations to use another 1 % to make their own independent forces would be ideal . 
  this would put us into the minimum spending for nato , too it would work the opposite of the us army and the national guard . 
  we 'd have a fuckhueg army used solely for defense . 
  then countries like poland or latvia can use the other 1 % to further strengthen their defense , and it would allow countries like france or italy to have a force of 1 % of gdp dedicated to force projection ( navies , aircraft carriers ... ) to use as they see fit under the command of the national government . 
  this , in my opinion , would solve the problem of the big army having too many cooks to do anything ( if it 's purely defensive in nature it 's politically trivial to manage ) . 
  while also giving the eu many smaller , flexible forces which would be easier to use ( which would benefit from the r&d of the big army ) because let 's be serious here , we can all agree on tbe necessity of defending european soil , but we would n't in a million years agree to any kind of intervention outside . 
  the independence war and the 1812 one where the white house was burned down do n't count ? 
  also the japanese invasion of alaska . 
  and many conflicts with the natives . 
  and i 'm not sure , but the mexican war might have spilled into america proper . 
  but i 'm really doubtful on that last one, 
  try it . 
  honestly , try it . 
  we 've been a year without and best time since 2008 . 
  it 's amazing . 
  economy growing , no new retarded laws every monday , no budget cuts or tax hikes ... ahh , i 'm missing it already . 
  absolutely the opposite . 
  asteroids are big , the engine and delta-v requirements are too steep to do that . 
  it 's much more cost effective to go to the asteroid , load up , refuel with asteroid ice , and come back . 
  and you do n't want anything so big in a decaying orbit like leo . 
  did you mean pp and ciudadanos ? 
  although the last one sounds great ( i think it would have softened the blow of the crisis greatly ) ,  alcohol only in special stores . 
  ( they would prefer a state monopoly , but ready to accept commercial shops as a compromise with coalition partners ) people actually voted for this ? 
  like , a party put this in their program and got more than two votes ( the candidate and his mother ) ? 
  how is that possible ? 
  you have finland nearby , have n't you heard any of the absolutely terrifying horror stories about the effects of the state monopoly on alcohol ? 
  the blatant price-gouging ? 
  five euros for a glass of beer ? 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm just trying to wrap my head around that . 
  but we have to be fair , brownland is beautiful and the brownies are great people . 
  i want to go there sometime . 
  and the political , economic and social models practiced were so completely different as to be utterly alien to what we have now, 
  pnv will make a deal in basque country with either bildu , or podemos . 
  here everyone remembers that the reason psoe went from almost main force to tied in last place with pp was a deal with pp . 
  unless pnv leadership is way more disconnected from society than i think , they wo n't deal with pp . 
  they will likely do a `` you support everything i do here , and i support everything you do there '' with podemos . 
  or they 'll do a deal with bildu . 
  edit : pp 's votes would n't be enough to give pnv the lehendakaritza ( presidentship ), 
  okay , this is troll . 
  you fail at demographics and statistics . 
  no , they can not . 
  the means of changing so drastically a culture are out of reach from western democratic leaders . 
  give me proof , but not any of the proof i 've already seen !, 
  do you know how to read ? 
  because your country would throw the tantrum of the millennium . 
  let 's be fair here . 
  not to mention them going alone against usa and russian interests in the zone . 
  v4 just is n't powerful enough . 
  not only that , their militaries are geared for defense , not force projection . 
  they ca n't make an operation of that caliber . 
  not in the same numbers , no . 
  functioning if you pay . 
  but let 's use other place . 
  if i , as a spanish citizen , drive drunk in haiti ( non-functioning healthcare ) and crash , should the canadian government send a plane to get me into a hospital in vancouver ? 
  what about , say , japan 's government , should i get a medicalized ride to tokyo ? 
  if i drive drunk in usa , crash in minnesota , is the duty of the canadian system to save me ? 
  eating with fork and knife is a matter of personal taste ( if you like doing it wrong ) . 
  eating it with ketchup is the reason we should n't have gotten rid of the inquisition . 
   you like to eat pizza with ketchup instead of tomato sauce ( you guys know that this two are almost the same , ketchup just have a lot of sugar ) ? 
  a steak and a plate of bullshit are almost the same , they came from the same animal . 
  may be for saying upvoted ? 
  depending on who reads it those comments get downvoted . 
  i think a : `` totally agreed '' or something would n't have been downvoted . 
  but ... free ships !, 
  it contradicts the premise because lowering salaries increases wealth disparity , making a country less stable . 
  thus not making the country stronger . 
  then , about the sentimental argument , these people are not migrating with skills they 'll be able to apply , or which are in short supply . 
  there 's a reason in some countries refugees employment are at 20 % after decades . 
  a spaniard with an engineering degree that goes to a country where his degree is recognized and has a lack of engineers is a positive , a spaniard cani that barely knows how to read or write is a negative everywhere he is . 
  there are no `` jobs people are not willing to do '' there 's no religious or cultural taboo against jobs . 
  there 's jobs people are not willing to do for basically no money , though . 
  but that 's just advocating for using immigration to lower salaries . 
  we 've been doing everything , and i mean every little measure they proposed since 2011 , no matter how economically ruinous , even to the point the imf thought we were overdoing . 
  and now this ? 
  if our economy is in shambles they should look at who was backseat driving it . 
  what ? 
  is that possible ? 
  a municipal police that does n't use every opportunity to put a large fine ? 
  where is that magic land you speak of ? 
  yes i have a problem with the law , i think it should be changed , i thought i had already established that . 
  when did i mention the judge ? 
  in gangs of 15-20 where they immobilized the girl , some robbed her and kept anyone trying to help away and the rest licked her face , kissed her and groped under the clothes . 
  imagine ten guys grabbing you , separating you from your friends and kissing you , licking you in the face and groping you . 
  that 's what happened . 
  if a german tourist was found guilty of sexual assault he should serve his time and be sent back to germany . 
  if he was american he should lose the ability to get a visa , of course . 
  i fail to see the problem there .
