  at least until now , now they are appearing everywhere else since we became the only ones giving medical treatment to illegals . 
  talking about muslims and africans , which are the ones people have any problem with . 
  south americans , chinese and eastern euros are everywhere , but nobody cares or even notices . 
  well , maybe the chinese , but mostly because their commerces are extremely visible . 
  among far left and people with no contact with immigrants or that get their information from the news or schoolteachers , yes . 
  among people from cities , and older than 20-25 , no but do n't admit it publically . 
  in bilbao 100 % of people speak castillian . 
  you 'd have less problems speaking only english than speaking only basque . 
  also we do indeed like migrants , just the ones that are n't a gigantic drain on our resources , are overrepresented in crime , and make zero effort to assimilate . 
  as for people understanding portuguese language . 
  no , but it 's the same everywhere else in spain , portuguese understand spanish much easier than the opposite . 
  the people is somewhat more ` closed ' socially than the rest of spain , and what i 've seen of portugal , but without reaching nordic levels . 
  what else ... ah , the weather is shit . 
  quite like southern england . 
  i do n't , they can get the fuck away from bilbao , we are full . 
  i do n't think you 'd defend calatrava , anyone who would defend calatrava deserves to be institutionalized . 
  he built a glass bridge in which the floor became dangerously slippery when wet . 
  and then copypasted the design all across europe . 
  the man is a hack . 
  at least his retrofuturistic buildings work , unlike other certain calatrava we have doing overprized retrofuturistic copypaste absolute , utter garbage . 
  and psychologists can use faulty or biased methods and data . 
  hell , physicists can and do use faulty or biased methods and data all the time , and it 's a much more mature and rigorous field . 
  a paper or a method being developed by a supposed expert in the field is the baseline , it has to conform to reality . 
  bias testing results change too much depending on factors such as time of day , emotional state , or medium to be remotely useful . 
  it 's pseudoscience like lie detectors . 
  he was a doctor when he made it up , so the point stands . 
  and the anti vaccines movement was started by a doctor . 
  the qualifications of the creator does n't mean that the science behind it is n't wrong , that 's why we have the scientific method . 
  oh , probably that , yeah . 
  basically yeah , i wonder who the brigadier general is in this case . 
  i did not write , or even imply , that . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  eye for eye has only brought misery and war to europe . 
  i honestly ca n't tell the difference , you are arguing in favor of violence for political opinions , whatever those might be . 
  we do n't do that in europe . 
  not anymore . 
  but it is n't a benefit to africans , either . 
  the capital flight caused by emigrating people towards the mafias , capital obtained from development funds in many cases , mean those countries ca n't grow or develop . 
  it just leaves the majority that stays behind worse off . 
  not only that , the pressure valve it gives for the most educated and liberal people to leave mean the country will never develop politically . 
  it also finances the growth of mafias through the route , mafias who later diversify into other fields of crime in the route countries . 
  not to mention that the best educated top 10 % illegal migrants are barely employable in europe , a continent with a huge labor surplus as is . 
  it 's a net cost for the origin , destination , and route countries . 
  i do n't think a person should be murdered for fucking a dog , yet i would n't do it and i 'm opposed to it . 
  not wanting someone murdered for something and thinking it 's ok are very different things . 
  renouncing your faith is a good indicator of being undevouth, 
  triple post, 
  you can put a red cross emblem on a battleship , and it would be protected as long as it was conducting humanitarian business . 
  german submarines regularly flew it to rescue the people of the ships they sunk . 
  you can absolutely have a full warship fly the red cross emblem and be protected , as long as they use the protection to conduct humanitarian business . 
  as happened several times in wwii , where german submarines flew the red cross emblem to rescue the people of the ship they had sunk . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  i mean , everyone knows the best way to stop a wild animal from ripping your throat up is to hug it . 
  disney films told me so . 
  jesus what stupidity . 
  well , they are worth time and taxpayer money . 
  the army 's , to be more clear . 
  yeah but they and their children , going by past experiences , are a drain on the economy . 
  when predicting future economic weight those people should be counted as a negative . 
  china has n't faced islamic terror attacks ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  recently hundreds were slaughtered in a factory by islamic terrorists . 
  china has n't faced islamic terror attacks ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  recently hundreds were slaughtered in a factory by islamic terrorists . 
  social liberal views . 
  he is also downvoted for spamming the same comment . 
  wow , who would have known !, 
  it 's like liberal european views are rare outside of europe !, 
  not when they stick by religious lines , and dominate the demographics of the prison . 
  they are the ones who are gon na give the special treatment . 
  probably talking in english in an english website . 
  kilograms do n't sound as well as pounds , in english , in my opinion . 
  as if there was something wrong with considering the merits of cultures and recognizing the best ones . 
  2015 canadian culture is better in every way than pre-columbian aztec culture . 
  and the second and third link being spammed today . 
  antiislamic hit and runs being covered ? 
  with today 's media ? 
  do you have examples of the media covering up hit and run attacks against muslims ? 
  and there it is !, 
  how 's it feel acting like a human spam bot ? 
  changing the character of a city and physically removing it from the map are two different things . 
  yes , but contrary to turkey , they scare militarily some members , and have nuclear weapons . 
  just from a foreign policy standpoint there 's good arguments for letting a peaceful russia in . 
  then there 's the energy policy standpoint . 
  besides at the time of maximum enlargement of the eu , the logical argument s would have had to compete against the emotional arguments . 
  i 'm not saying that it would be a certainty , nor i 'm making a judgment on whether it would be a good idea . 
  but arguments in favor exist of a fully democratic russia in europe . 
  good luck with that , italy . 
  they 'll just ignore everything in there . 
  thank smallpox and its friends for that . 
  but this goes quadruple for the pro immigration shitposters . 
  especially those who came here in july , and will leave by september , like every year . 
  there 's five to ten permanent pro immigration people who comment dozens of times in every immigration thread , and a dozen or so temporaries . 
  and even the stormfronters have the decency of lurking for a while before commenting to learn the subs culture . 
  this does n't happen with the pro immigration people , who make every effort to not learn the sub and its culture , and stick out like sore thumbs . 
  it 's because he has empathy that he writes that . 
  you are the guy who has blinded his empathy and logic in favor of ideology and a fluffy sensation in the stomach . 
  but gender reassignment and hormone treatment are the treatment for gender dysphoria . 
  what other disorder is cured that way ?
