  but the msf ship are n't doctors , or medics . 
  or performing any kind of medical service whatsoever . 
  they are ship crewmen , transporting people from libyan waters into europe , performing a critical service to human traffickers . 
  stopping them is a good thing , no matter what they choose to call themselves . 
  in the topic at hand , we have been doing everything you ubermensch lords let us do . 
  we wish we could do more , how we fucking wish , but you do n't let us solve the problem . 
  and then there 's the shit policies that do n't work that you force us to implement . 
  take a look at the economic situation before and after austerity , and compare it with how it 's been in the rest of the world . 
  and what does n't help is you perfect northerners coming down to fine us because our economy has n't recovered when you 've been writing our economic policies for years !, 
  economic policies clearly more damaging to the economy than a sustained campaign of nuclear bombing , i might add . 
  and responsibility for what ? 
  are you implying those money transfers are so you northerners can treat us like gutter whores ? 
  because you fucking do , even rewriting our fucking constitutions . 
  you seem to believe the rest of europe should be a little monkey dancing at your fucking tune , just because you throw some peanuts sometimes . 
  i meant if you do n't have to pay it , i ate a word . 
  by that i meant that if they ca n't make you pay , you do n't have to pay , thus payment becomes voluntary . 
  if payment is voluntary it 's not a fine . 
  are you a living stereotype ? 
  it 's not an actual fine if you can refuse to pay it . 
  after brexit you have the upper hand , if they try to throw italy out , eu dies . 
  they wo n't allow that . 
  not only that , they sued you when you tried turning back the boats . 
  italy is as guilty of the migrant crisis as spain or greece of the failure of the austerity programs . 
  but patrolling does n't matter , when they find someone they are forced to take them to italy , the last time they tried to turn back the boats they got sued by germany and sweden . 
  the material means exist . 
  if germany had n't sued italy some years back when they tried turning the boats back , this would n't be happening . 
  it 's mostly on germany and sweden , who do everything in their power to keep others from doing anything . 
  being honest , what would an european navy do , other than rescue them outside libya and bring them to europe ? 
  people talk about the means of policing , but those are more than enough now . 
  what we need is the political will . 
  just having germany and sweden tell italy that they wo n't do anything if they start turning back the boats and taking ngo vessels would be enough to solve this problem . 
  does n't matter , in many countries they get welfare either way . 
  in the cases they do n't , ( ie : spain ) associations like sos racism get money from the government , and they maintain the illegals . 
  and what does america or its president have to do with this ? 
  this is a purely european issue , why are some people so fucking obsessed with that fucking guy that you feel the fucking need to fucking inject him fucking everywhere ? 
  go back to r/politics and stop putting internal american politics in r/europe . 
  i 'm on mobile , sorry . 
  but i 've seen the official crime statistics of germany divided by nationality posted in this thread . 
  then there 's the swedish ones , before they stopped publishing by nationality , i 've seen them linked in this subreddit a lot the last two years . 
  sorry i ca n't be of more help . 
  i 'm not defending his words , i 'm attacking yours . 
  and again , him knowing a guy is n't an analogy , nor was it in the comment you responded to . 
  i quote :  i 'd never fly with an airline that screens passengers for bombs or weapons after the plane has taken off . 
   screening takes place at point of entry for a reason . 
  playing find wally with terrorists is scandalous . 
  i 'll highlight the analogy for you :  i 'd never fly with an airline that screens passengers for bombs or weapons after the plane has taken off . 
  no mention of knowing a guy . 
  and i did n't say i do n't care , i said it does n't matter what else he wrote to the discussion i 'm having with you . 
  and me not caring about what he thinks does n't mean me not caring about what you wrote, 
  maybe . 
  i wrote in the past tense for a reason . 
  the point of the analogy was to highlight the ridiculousness of the situation , by applying to another area . 
  i do n't care about what he thinks . 
  i said you misunderstood the analogy , which you did . 
  if it was ironically misunderstanding on purpose it does n't matter , since i do n't read minds , i only read words on a screen . 
  ironically obtuse is still obtuse . 
  laws do n't have an expiration date , because you never know when they 'll stop being relevant . 
  but laws do become antiquated and even harmful . 
  see : copyright laws . 
  he is saying an airline that checks for bombs after the plane has taken off would be criminally incompetent . 
  the analogy to countries is that the airline is germany , and the bomb checks are the migrant screening . 
  ie : `` a country that does the screening after the people needing to be screened are already in the country is incompetent '' it 's not that hard of an analogy , and your conclusions of what he meant are downright bizarre . 
  you need reading comprehension classes , because that 's evidently not what he wrote . 
  read it again a couple times more . 
  three years ago , i 'd have assumed a book with this plot was written during a fever dream of a neonazi , or something . 
  we are living in the weirdest timeline . 
  this post is either extremely fine satire , troll , or poe . 
  because nobody really thinks like this . 
  mostly because we have the results of this little `` experiment '', 
  it does n't matter , they get welfare and live off crime either way . 
  this was not the way from the start . 
  everyone but a few demagogues knew , rational people can look at statistics and figure out what can happen . 
  for starters , a positive outcome did n't exist , so it was pure negligence . 
  the fact that it was a hard decision does n't excuse taking the wrong one . 
  malpractice exists in many fields . 
  treaties created 70 years ago , for another time , another technology , and another situation . 
  laws need to change with the times . 
  it would have looked better , too . 
  right now looks like a dating website logo . 
  ( in the gallery ), 
  you know part of the authority of a country is the ability to inspect any vessel trying to dock into port , right ? 
  that 's what the coast guards and customs agents are for . 
  and that if you have reason to believe a ship is breaking the law , it 's not only the right of the coast guard , but also their obligation , to intercept , board and inspect said vessel . 
  you know vessels are inspected , and also that visas and paperwork of the passengers are inspected , on sea , lad and air travel , right ? 
  you know the visas and paperwork of all international travelers are inspected , right ? 
  what the fuck do you think happens to ships suspected of carrying contraband like drugs ? 
  you think they are allowed to go on their merry way ? 
  screw you , that fish is too sexy . 
  thankfully not , that left the crazy scheme dead in the water . 
  their orders were shit, 
  inside libyan territorial waters . 
  no migrant vessels reach anywhere close to european waters before being picked up by ngos . 
  they barely clear libyan waters as it is . 
  if an ngo vessel approaches national waters , the coast guard tells it to stop , boards it , and upon finding the migrants , takes control of the vessel . 
  then they take the migrants for processing , detain the crew for trafficking , and confiscate the vessel for scuttling . 
  if an ngo vessel tries to illegally land at a beach , that 's most likely a criminal offense . 
  and i very much doubt the vessel would remain seaworthy after beaching itself . 
  this is n't some new procedure , it 's the way it 's been done ( with changes due to technology ) since the dawn of sea trade . 
  where the fuck did you infer what you wrote from what he wrote ? 
  i 'm honestly wondering .
