  even today , `` saying no to merkel '' and `` standing strong against germany '' are used as political points . 
  although i 'm in favor personally of some of the consequences , and it was fun to see some political segments fumble for new arguments , i 'm absolutely livid at the lack of respect , bordering on outright contempt , germany and their band of grupies in the european institutions have shown and are showing towards other member states . 
  and i 'm gon na point out the hypocresy of a german talking about constitutions being so important and unchangeable when your fucking chancellor has been running through europe rewriting the constitutions of others to benefit themselves . 
  so yeah , constitutions are apparently wet paper now . 
  this is rich , coming from a german . 
  considering you made us change our constitution to add `` pay debts '' . 
  we are not world police and should n't try to be . 
  we are also not world welfare , and should do everything in our power to avoid becoming it . 
  and lastly , migrating to europe is not a human right . 
  they would n't have to take any if they were towed to the closest port , as they should . 
  it 's always the northern states crying when we implement `` hot returns '' and try to send them back . 
  honestly , italy should just put a full ferry service to german and swedish waters . 
  i thought the union 's principles were democracy and equality between countries . 
  not germany dictating what economic policies they 'll have , and punishing them when the policies they were forced to implement fail catastrophically . 
  and i 'm gon na need a source to see which principle makes poorer states the lab rats of northern ones , for use in their social experiments doomed to failure . 
  they are making them . 
  just polish ? 
  i quite understand the feelings of anger and revulsion it causes in people of european culture , and our fixation with the elimination of the practice , though . 
   the minimum wage is above 1000 $  above 1000 euros . 
   the minimum wage in spain are you for real ? 
  belgium , france , italy , luxembourg , netherlands , germany ? 
  only by swapping luxembourg with greece you 'd get a more different set of priorities . 
  luxembourg we ignore , too small . 
  what does each want ? 
  netherlands and belgium : defensive mixed force , and some limited deployment ability . 
  not too expensive . 
  italy : wants/has decent navy and air force , and likes to help in un peacekeeping missions , has some really decent force projection . 
  there 's political will to use the armed forces , and funds to do so . 
  germany : the biggest economy , neutral by law and culture , zero political will for using the armed forces abroad . 
  zero political will to spend in their armed forces . 
  i 'd call germany a paper tiger , but a tiger at least looks tough . 
  despite being a purely defensive force , supply is so bad , most of its air force is out of commission from maintenance problems . 
  anyway , it 's priorities would be a defensive land army . 
  france : powerful army , geared for power projection . 
  does n't mind using its military muscle . 
  wants a strong army , and navy to transport wherever needed . 
  funnily , they use their armed forces like americans . 
  from funding , to strategic priorities , to cultural ideas about the role of the army , these organizations are incompatible . 
  neither france is going to abandon it 's interventionism , nor is germany to abandon its pacifism . 
  the only way i could see something like you said working is ger+s candinavia + eastern europe , and italy + france + maybe greece/portugal . 
  i doubt it would work , the goals are too different . 
  finland , baltics , and poland for example want a strong defensive land army . 
  greece would want to prioritize a defensive navy and air force . 
  germany and austria are anti militaristic . 
  italy and france want force projection ability . 
  spain i do n't know what the fuck wants . 
  those are just the big strategic priorities , the political goals are even more of a clusterfuck . 
  something i think would work is to look at the relationship the us armed forces and the state national guard have , and invert it . 
  having european countries put 1 % of gdp into a purely defensive , common army and green water navy would make a really respectable force . 
  especially since defensive armies are extremely more cost effective than force projecting ones . 
  this would allow countries to put another 1 % or more of gdp into whatever they want . 
  poland and finland can put it into further improving defensive ground and anti air capabilities , greece can get more planes and ships , and france and italy could devote it into force projection . 
  especially since they would n't have to care about defense . 
  it 's also easier to sell to the countries and populations . 
  i am actually at a loss in regards to what the fuck does trump have to do with american foreign policy of the last decade and a half . 
  like , nobody talked about him , why inject trump in every fucking thread in every fucking subreddit , no matter how little it makes sense . 
  do you wake up in the morning and go : `` oh , boy , i ca n't wait to go on reddit to write about how much i hate tump in random places !, 
  that retarded statement gets repeated way too much in reddit , when it has exactly zero basis in reality . 
  eta , ira , raf , grapo and i can go on about western terrorists . 
  you do n't have to be non-european to be a terrorist you need a political aim . 
  killing people because the voices of your head told you , or because brain damage made you aggressive is not terrorism . 
  planning , premeditation and a political ideology makes it terrorism . 
  in the planes , they could have snuck a couple of obsoletes , or inaccurates if they could n't find the correct ones ( despite the fact that there are some beautiful outlines of most in the little known web page of wikipedia ) . 
  but if you 're going to put just one , and you want to represent something as iconic as an mbt , there 's no excuse . 
  especially if you are substituting it with something so different . 
  why not put a scooter , while we 're at it ? 
  going by what 's written in yahoo respuestas , they could be responsible for this . 
  that 's not really a debate ? 
  i thought we all agreed it was the germans who got into an ideology of hate and decided to conquer europe and rid it of jews and other undesirables . 
  i do n't know , but it would n't matter . 
  i think it would immediately become communist blacks , and communist whites , and communist asians , and communist hispanics versus altright whites and altright blacks and altright hispanics and altright asians versus liberal whites and liberal blacks and liberal asians and liberal hispanics , versus government whites and government blacks and government asians and government hispanics versus religious etc etc. . . and the constantly shifting web of alliances those ideologies would have . 
  he is not a trump suporter , i was looking at his profile to try and see if he 's troll , or if there 's actually someone with his ` interesting ' views of white people . 
  it did n't happen . 
  until i left from boredom , several months in , not an actual police denounce had happened . 
  in fact , until now no police or judicial investigation has happened . 
  and if you are going to say you were sent horrible things , for it to be believable you have to show those messages . 
  pics or it did n't happen is not a made up phrase . 
  and about horrible messages . 
  welcome to the internet , you ca n't post a let 's play about minecraft without getting horrible messages sent , antiggs are n't special . 
  also the abuse that happened , happened to gamergaters , with widespread doxxing and calling employers to get people fired , fear of which was the reason i never got deep into the movement . 
  if you go to a homeless shelter , you 'll see all kinds of people : old , young , black , white , asian , christian , atheist , muslim ... except one . 
  you wo n't see any millionaires . 
  privilege comes from money , not skin color . 
  i 'm glad i read this far down on this thread about american politics , since i would n't have read your comment otherwise . 
  now let 's be real , this is troll right , nobody actually thinks like that ? 
  ... right ? 
  more like blm against the rest . 
  it happened first at yale . 
  she can comment , but people can comment back , especially when her arguments for censorship are based on unfounded rumors and hearsay with a serving of lies . 
  people can also comment on how her kickstarter was a con , and she is a woman who cons people . 
  and people can criticise intel for giving her money . 
  but she is not important , she has n't been for years . 
  and what the fuck do i care about american politics in r/europe ? 
  ca n't you do like the fucking donald grupies and make your own fucking sub ? 
  then i 'll be able to easily block it . 
  whatever you can say about the donald guys , at least they keep their shit vortex of a subreddit contaimed , instead of spreading it all over the website . 
  dude , i 'm also fucking tired and it 's not of some subreddit always having some post on / r/all . 
  what i 'm fucking tired of is of going to r/worldnews ( a sub for news except us politics ) and seeing most of the front page be conspiracy theories about internal us politics shit i stopped giving a fuck about months ago from saturation . 
  was shitting up r/news and r/politics not enough for your infowars tier shit ? 
  do you have to shit up r/europe and all of the defaults with the us politics shit carnival ?
