  but , big but , the completely impartial and impersonal way of adding a piece of information at the end provides a contrast of tones . 
  this contrast creates a reaction , which can be of amusement on some people . 
  what you just said was `` this happened '' , without any emotional connotations , somewhat like a good history book would . 
  edit : i thought you meant your behavior was shameful . 
  theirs is , sorry . 
  column a and column b ? 
  could you explain what you mean , ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  it 's the nonchalance of the thing , like it 's only a detail , put in the end . 
  not only that the sentence has a degree of absurdity on it ( houses going up in flames instead of being torched ) . 
  if you watch the onion videos ( news satire ) in youtube you will see that used a lot in the end of the videos , it 's a humorous resource . 
  zyklon b ca n't melt steel beams !, 
  but unending population growth is unsustainable by default , socially and ecologically . 
  better to bite the bullet now and go to a zero population growth now , instead of later , when it will be a harder hit to take . 
  doubleplusgood said , citizen . 
  they said they 'd reimplement the tag-and-filter system . 
  11 days ago , for a system that was already implemented . 
  i sincerely doubt their goodwill at this point . 
  figures , despite the despicable way those in power try to control the narrative , this is the most pressing concern right now . 
  if you people are n't going to show the commitment to make this farce give the appearance of working , you should just put in the system you said you were going to reimplement ten days ago . 
  edit : farce , not facade, 
  we only need to import more people , !, 
  in fifty years , the solution will be to import double the people !, 
  and again and again forever !, 
  because a system like that is sustainable !, 
   european fans constantly throw bananas at black players . 
  these assholes know what they 're doing . 
  i 'm gon na need some amazing sources for that `` constantly '', 
  it would appear in the modlo - ohwait ... 
  no , he should not . 
  if this sub started banning people for petty insults like ` racist ' , ` bigot ' or ` idiot ' , i , personally , would leave such a censorship-ridden shithole in a matter of seconds . 
  problem is , due to how reddit works , it destroys any possible discussion in megathreads , since it is a system thought for discussions of 3-24 hours , after that it is futile to post in a megathread . 
  i 've been in this sub , first lurking and then participating for two years straight , and i 've seen it go from decent to shit . 
  not because `` brigaders '' , `` outsiders '' or `` them '' , but because mod zealotry and censorship . 
  this is just another entry in the great list of `` how to lose a communities goodwill '' . 
  they clearly stopped a long time ago seeing themselves as moderators , and started seeing themselves as emperors . 
  but then everything could be a xenophobic act . 
  working a full-time job could be a xenophobic act , which everyone reads as attack , if part of the money goes to finance pegida , for example . 
  so your definition is wrong . 
  nlt against the sentiment , but there are no jobs people are not willing to do . 
  that said , there are a lot of jobs people will not do for minimum wage . 
  if you use any kind of artificial sweetener you can have them tasting much sweeter , and not with a lot of the stuff . 
  `` i do n't like/can ' t consume this , so i 'm glad nobody else can . '', 
  i do n't see a clash between free speech and annoyance , rather between the fundamental right to free speech and the fundamental right to privacy . 
  so they can creep more things to block with less public outrage , since the blocks are already in place . 
  and ww-wait , its still 2015 ... 
  the canadengine , just a gallon of maple syrup on the 100 m/s of dv, 
   halo technologies we want to colonize the moon , not destroy the flood, 
  no , they 'd be in the middle of a civil war . 
  or , or , the government could have expanded any of the numerous mechanisms it already has to give credit , and lent that money directly to businesses , then guaranteeing deposits of citizens , and letting banks go bankrupt with almost no consequences for the economy . 
  hell , i 'd be in favor of a law that , the same way a doctor goes to prison for criminal incompetence , sent bankers to prison for the same legal figure . 
  look up . 
  the response tree direcly up has every anti-ttip instantly and summarily in the negatives , and the pro-ttip in the high positives . 
  in a sub where i 've only seen that kind of negative reaction against comments when they advocate nuking russia , shooting immigrants , or for giving every migrant full citizenship . 
  i do n't know about romas not in northern spain. , this is about my experience . 
  when you ask the european layman he 's gon na tell you that roma can be a race , but mostly is a culture and a lifestyle , and that 's extremely important to the discussion . 
  especially since this means a roma accountant is not counted as roma by anybody , in many cases not even himself . 
  roma , or gypsies , are extremely overrepresented in crime statistics , despite getting equal official support from the state than other collectives . 
  they are extremely unlikely to send their children to school , pushing them to a life of crime to support themselves . 
  drug trade and , until the entrance of eastern european mafias , pimping , is dominated by them . 
  for us it would be extremely difficult , if not impossible , to pick a roma from a non-roma in a lineup , or from naming conventions , so if a roma truly wanted , there is absolutely no reason he ca n't finish school ( free ) , get into university ( free if you have the slightest difficulty to pay , like me ) , and get a good highly-paying job . 
  the problem with his situation is that they , quite literally , escape their communities , who then see them as outsiders , or even traitors . 
  this makes it difficult for them to improve their situation . 
  but also makes a roma who escaped their situation immune to any discrimination , since they have no defining physical characteristics . 
  this also makes people think worse about them than about immigrants , since somebody from south america for example having a worse education is expected , and not counted against them , since their home countries have worse educational systems due to lack of wealth , and that 's not their fault , but a roma 's home country education system is the one you studied in , they got the same , opportunities than you to improve their situation , `` if i was brought up in a poor household , how are we different ? '', 
  is said . 
  heavy-handed `` integration '' measures usually involve giving them houses in a small town , sacrificing it and brushing the problem under the carpet . 
  the increase in crime that ensues is perfectly manageable in a city , due to getting diluted in normal crime rates in a much bigger population , but it can destroy a town , and cause ( as it already has several times ) to get a mob formed and them expelled . 
  there 's just so many nights you can go without lighting because the new guys the government relocated have stolen the cabling again before people get violent . 
  this generates intolerance . 
  in short , romas who are considered roma are , by definition , lowest echelon of society and probably engaging in illicit activities . 
  the concept of roma as a race is bewildering to your everyday european , making a roma who is earning a degree identifying as roma as strange as a maria lopez martinez pino gonzalez ( for example ) identifying as irish due to having red hair . 
  but they did move abroad and join an army , one we ( the west ) are arming and aiding militarily , no less . 
  they are not an army of a recognized nation-state , but they are lawful combatants under the third geneva convention . 
  which also means that they can , and should be investigated as to whether they commited any crime of war and , if found guilty , sentenced for it . 
   members of other militias and members of other volunteer corps , including those of organized resistance movements , belonging to a party to the conflict and operating in or outside their own territory , even if this territory is occupied , provided that they fulfill the following conditions :  that of being commanded by a person responsible for his subordinates ;  that of having a fixed distinctive sign recognizable at a distance ;  that of carrying arms openly ;  that of conducting their operations in accordance with the laws and customs of war . 
  since they are members of an armed militia fighting under the kurdish communist party they would actually qualify under geneva . 
  before anybody says that isis should get the same treatment , isis is a group hostile to spain , and also , again , according to geneva , their soldiers are guilty of crimes of war at best , and crimes against humanity at worst . 
  so they should get put on trial for that , too, 
  would n't that make the army illegal , though ? 
  had n't thought of that . 
  now it makes more sense . 
   the police , sources added , are aiming to avoid copycat cases of youngsters who subscribe to radical ideology getting into situations where they could fall into the hands of isis . 
  go fight against isis = joining isis . 
  great logic guys !, 
  now , funny statements aside , those guys need to be evaluated to see whether they are a threat or not , although in the documentary they did their interviews in they did n't seem like they were going to engage in terrorism any time soon , and they 'll probably need psychological help , too . 
  then why has our government given as lost 80 % of the bailed out money ? 
  in this subreddit ? 
  i think many people here can draw western european borders at 760 , 890 , 1066 , 1444 and 1820 from memory . 
  the overlap with paradoxplaza is huge . 
   the government of spain has reacted angrily to the gift , accusing the greeks of trying to bribe the ecb and redoubling their own efforts to weave a gigantic sombrero-wearing straw donkey . 
  jesus christ my sides . 
  oh , yes , morocco and such are able to police their waters ( badly ) . 
  i assume any deportation there would be accompanied by huge sums of money to get them to agree . 
  but somalia had several governments : somaliland , un backed mogadischu , jihadists , local warlords and tribesmen . 
  for comparison here is a map of [ libya ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/90/libyan_civil_war.png ) red is libyan national army ( tobruk ) , green is new general national congress , grey is isis , blue is independent and yellow is tuareg . 
  the situation is basically the same . 
  giving credits . 
  what happened in 2009-2013 in spain was that the banks were given billions upon billions in the hope that they would start giving credit to businesses and families , but mainly businesses . 
  it did n't work and credit dried up , causing many businesses to close and increasing the recession , reducing spending , causing more businesses to close and declaring bankruptcy ...
