  we have no far-right parties , but whenever the topic of muslims comes up the first time , it always goes the same . 
  it starts soft , with mild criticism of islam . 
  ten minutes later , there 's a group of people saying muslims should be deported . 
  five times off the top of my head last month . 
  ah , and how the left is losing because of it , or how they 'd love to vote left but their stance on muslim migration puts them off . 
  yeah , catholic schools with religion as a subject are great , we really needed that hour of rest . 
  but really , i 've been in two catholic schools ( not jesuits , but close ) and even in the one where more than half the teachers were monks , they gave a secular education and were pretty laid back . 
  in many european languages some words in the middle of a phrase are capitalized . 
  and my phone 's spellchecker automatically capitalizes random words . 
  it does n't mean anything . 
  i do n't think those are comparable , since russia did n't openly enter , nor did they do it to stop criminal activity that was damaging them . 
  i think the equivalent is the international intervention in somalia against pirates . 
  no government , criminal activity spilling over , and mostly a naval operation . 
  i think we are justified in somalia , and i think we would be justified here . 
  what libya ? 
  if you ca n't secure your territory , when the consequences spill into others who can you should n't be surprised they secure it for you . 
  my only regret , is that i have but one pixel to give for europe every ten minutes . 
  not only that , getting immigrants mainly from the same language , and very close cultural ties is very nice , integration is easy . 
  also , south americans are extremely easygoing and open , and try to mingle with locals . 
  many of them are poor as hell , though , so they are overrepresented in crime , but the way you 'd expect a population of poor people to be . 
  san escobar ? 
  one perpetrator , but multiple accomplices that knew and might have helped . 
  from what i understand , shit-tier heroin mixed with acid ( the battery kind ), 
  yes , you are right . 
  that comment was n't very thoughtful , you have seriously given me a new perspective , so i humbly offer the following apology : `` yes , i 'm really sorry for being against the killing of people for their sexual orientation . 
  i apologize profusely for denouncing the brutal torture and murder of lgbtq people and will never criticize anyone showing intolerance against that collective . '', 
  is something like this what you wanted ? 
  it sure seemed like it !, 
  that is most definitely not true . 
  in the most conservative parts of the bible belt you face insults and social ostracism for being openly gay . 
  in the most conservative parts of muslim-majority countries in the middle east you face getting your anus shut with superglue and hanged like a pig until your innards explode from accumulated feces . 
  in the most liberal parts of muslim countries you face getting stabbed to death , or a beheading with hundreds of your neighbors applauding . 
  how you can things are remotely comparable , is beyond me . 
  because traveling the mediterranean in a ship capable of going from assad-held aleppo to barcelona or valencia is well outside the means of most people , certainly not within the means of somebody fleeing for their life . 
  because those large seagoing vessels packed with people ( especially in the numbers needed to move the massive numbers of people we are talking about ) would be intercepted by every navy in one of the most watched seas in the planet . 
  because the spirit of ` first safe country ' still applies even if you skirt the law . 
  loopholes do n't work so well in reality . 
  turkey , lebanon or israel . 
  dude , you doubleposted . 
  like a dozen times . 
  you are all over this thread shitting on eastern europeans . 
  what have they done to you to earn this vitriol ? 
  because in practice nobody forces them to return , so they stay . 
  not even utilitarianism . 
  an utilitarianist would recognize that economies create wealth , but for that you need experienced people , killing them all would just create a barren , useless continent filled with looters fighting over whatever resources are there . 
  that is just idiocy . 
  every piece of shrapnel counts as a separate attack now ? 
  then stop saying it has been a great stimulus scheme . 
  are you doubting our lord and savior ? 
  thanks !, 
  why some people make really obnoxious bots , i 'll never understand . 
  just for curiosity 's sake , which bot was it ? 
  just to know if it 's the one i 'm thinking about . 
  steel rehn !, 
  or madrilian , basque , or catalonian . 
  not the loud , virtue-signaling few , someone normal . 
  and preferably someone that feels comfortable around you . 
  well , pence will keep the gays going , with a defibrillator if need be . 
  i mean , he may not give them other things , but power ? 
  all the energy network can support . 
  when you torch a car on fire with people in it , you are accepting that you will burn them alive . 
  and we have to assume that 's your intention . 
  if i started shooting people with a gun but missed , would i not need to be stopped ? 
  does people have to just ignore me until the moment somebody actually dies ? 
  them why not turkey ? 
  they are actually on europe . 
  or australia . 
  we have lots of cultural ties and they have a better chance of getting into the eu than them . 
  what exactly is morocco doing there ? 
  last i checked , it 's not europe . 
  we have to deal with shitty obsolete plants because there are a bunch of facebook-educated idiots that would throw a shitfit if the construction of new power plants was announced . 
  at least here . 
  what in the actual fuck are you even on about ? 
  those are fighting words , buddy . 
  on spaghetti you put tomato sauce , not ketchup . 
  you are ridiculously condescending . 
  do you understand that ? 
  or maybe , just maybe , those hundreds of media organizations are owned by the same few parent corporations , which all have overlapping shareholders . 
  and maybe , just maybe , those shareholders also own the banks . 
  and maybe , the state of the media is so bad they just repeat each other without checking anything . 
  and maybe , most media just repeats what reuters and ap says . 
  or maybe i 'm a crazy conspiratard for thinking power consolidation in the megarich allows them to control narratives . 
  i mean , to be fair , controlling the media and the global financial system looks like a full-time job ... 
  man , adolf hitler sure laughed last when he put that gun into his mouth , asthe soviets bombed germany into the ground . 
  little did they know , they would ultimately lose world war 2 . 
  another example that comes to mind is the unending laughter of the carthaginians , as they were being enslaved , their city burned and their lands salted . 
  sure won that one !, 
  and do you know why you think things were n't absolutely unequivocally horrible during the 70s and 80s , and wonder why some people would do anything to keep things from going back into that situation ? 
  you were n't there . 
  either you were from another region of europe without terrorism ( so for you it was something happening `` far away ^ tm '' ) or you have forgotten and are viewing it through rose-tinted glasses . 
  either way it is you , who does n't know about the 80s in places with terrorist activity . 
  yeah , well . 
  you might have the power of kicking us out , but we have the superpower of never learning from mistakes !, 
  please , tell me that 's an actual saying , because i 've fallen in love with it . 
  it 's not that i feel spanish , the reasons for my flag are more pragmatic than otherwise . 
  spain has 45 million people , and is specific enough to be useful as my current location . 
  i just do n't want to broadcast my exact location on every comment . 
  if anything , i feel way more basque than spanish , and i 'd like a lot more autonomy . 
  enough at least to send the wert law packing . 
  sanfran pops into mind .
