  the words in spanish are very different , so roma are just considered gitanos , of which we have always had a lot , no matter where they come . 
  it 's not like in the rest of europe , where the words are so close . 
  that 's why romanians are better regarded here than in other places . 
  the veteran from the spanish civil war was fighting for the internationally recognized , democratically elected , legitimate government of spain , in a formal unit part of the army . 
  it 's a slightly different situation . 
  yes , but for context : isis is a terrorist organization , so fighting for them is `` pertenencia a banda armada '' ( `` beloning to an armed organization '' ) punished with 15-20 years independently of other crimes . 
  those who have been jailed for fighting against isis , had joined the international brigades of the pkk , which is also considered a terrorist organization in spain , so that same law applies . 
  they are getting absolutely destroyed in the comments . 
  from the childish tweets of the media guy ( emojis in a serious discussion ? 
  ) , to the professor ripping the pseudostudy they continually cite ... 
  it 's rather enjoyable , actually . 
   ` news ' this might as well be an ancient manuscript , for how representative it is . 
  not pictured : the migrant crisis or the rise of islamic terrorism . 
  is n't this old news ? 
  it 's from the 23 . 
  my point is that converting the mosque of c\u00f3rdoba into a cathedral is not controversial because it happened centuries ago . 
  converting a museum into a mosque is controversial because it is happening now . 
  because it happened six centuries ago , before spain even existed ? 
  yes , they deserve nothing but to be cleansed in nuclear fire !, 
  reopen auswitz for any survivors !, 
  the briton has demonstrated his genetic inferiority for the last time !, 
   would you stay and fight ? 
  depends , if i were to be conscripted to fight against an independentist catalonian army , i would run , since i agree with them . 
  if i were to be conscripted into a basque army to fight for our independence , it depends a lot on what have both been doing , and whether i agree with one or the other . 
  if an ultracatholic movement would raise an army in , for example , valencia . 
  and started to kill atheists , apostates and doing ethnic cleansing ? 
  yes , without a doubt . 
  i would stay and fight for the society i 'm part of . 
  i would think anyone who ran to either be the worst kind of coward or think they agree with ethnic and religious genocide , just not enough to actually die for it . 
  since that , being physically incapable or being more useful in the rear are the only reasons i can think of not fighting such a despicable strawman and hypotetical enemy . 
  so yeah , i personally would fight depending on who i agree with . 
  i mean , if you had a deficit of workers , you could always just give free german classes around europe ( or the world , even ) and give a work visa and six months of lodging in communal housing for free once they earn an official qualification in german , to help them find a job . 
  i assure you , many unemployed young people around europe would jump on the opportunity , if only to learn a new language for free and then try their luck in germany . 
  even more if you expand the program to countries around the world . 
  you 'd have the benefit of getting ready to work people who already know german , you 'd know who each one is , where they come from , medical history ... and psychologically , they 'd have worked to be there , would have migrated legally , you could mix different nationalities up to avoid enclaves and force them to communicate with each other in german ... 
  i just wanted to say , that opening the gates to the third world in a completely unplanned way to correct a perceived deficit of workers is the worst way to do it i can think of . 
  there are dozens of ways which are cheaper and more effective . 
  not enough squatting . 
  ehm , no . 
  at no point in my post is that even implied . 
  what bothers me is the brain drain that would cause in spain . 
  but realistically , if you were so starved for workers , you could take from the legions of unemployed spanish youth . 
  ideally , and this is me being idillic and utopic , you 'd compensate spain for that brain drain , via direct economic investment ( please do n't do it through our government , you might as well burn the money ) . 
  remember how i said that south americans integrate really well in spain , and how you guys are always going crazy about demographic decline ? 
  an economically powerful spain would have easy access to south american labor pool , and with minimal effort and a strong economy their kids would be culturally spanish , too . 
  by proxy giving you guys access to the labor pool of south america which , although worse educated than european countries , still has a higher education compared to the mena migrants . 
  i know i 'm basically agreeing with you , but ... you know what would be the `` next german economic miracle '' , as much as it bothers me ? 
  the gigantic labor surplus in southern europe . 
  here in spain we have almost 50 % youth unemployment , with much better education , no burocratic hurdles , nearby and known origin country , compatible culture , and many , many other advantages over mena illegal migrants . 
  already educated , ready to work , free of charge !, 
  and if they ca n't find a job , they 'll just go back home !, 
  it 's just the entire reason behind the free movement idea , so i get that they have n't thought about it . 
  and fucking hell , you want completely uneducated labor and you think spaniards and greeks cost too much ? 
  usa has millions of illegals . 
  i bet you my right hand that if you went to mr trump and told him you want to offer a work visa to the illegals they catch , he 'd fucking pay for their tickets to munich !, 
  south americans have demonstrated an enormous willingness to integration with broader society , at least here , and you can make them give proof of country of origin before bringing them over to make deportation easier if they 're criminals !, 
  and they would n't be here by showing disrespect towards our laws !, 
   someone with some actual compassion get off your high horse , you insufferable twat . 
  i get it gives you a fuzzy feeling in your stomach to look for ways to think yourself superior to everyone else , but keep your onanism to yourself . 
  although you may not be acquainted with the idea , not having had to experience it , actions and decisions tend to have consequences , which is why some people are worried , while others are so egotistically self-centered that they focus in the `` now '' and '' here '' just to quench their craving for the sensation of being considered one of the `` good guys '' . 
  this planet is n't a film with the `` good guys '' and `` bad guys '' everyone has reasons for what they do , and nobody is the sociopath you believe people who disagree with you to be . 
  `` can you provide documents of citizenship of these several thousand ? '', 
  `` yes , ok , expect them and the millions on wednesday '' the idea is to pay them to produce documents of citizenship , and have a place to send them back to if they try to come back . 
  the main point is to provide an incentive for them to find documents . 
  inaudible a couple streets apart , maybe less with heavy traffic . 
  no , this is an idea that comes from usa , and we 're already seeing infect our society , and it 's the downright bizarre way americans think about race . 
  for example , here it 's always been a lot about the accent , since it 's assumed that if you are from somewhere , you 'll be able to speak the language without noticeable accent , and that your culture will match the culture from your accent . 
  if you have a mexican accent , no matter if you are whiter than freshly laid snow , or that you were born in m\u00e1laga , you will be seen as a mexican . 
  similarly , you can be brazilian , born and raised there until you were 10 , if your accent is from galicia , you will be considered galician . 
  french accent , you are french , etc. . . america has this conception about race based on the color of the skin , and that race = culture so all of the different cultures of europe , are inserted into this `` white '' category , and non-european cultures are inserted into the poc category . 
  then they also join class with race , and it creates a narrative of oppressed and opressor based on flimsy logic . 
  it just breeds tribalism and resentment . 
  that 'd be true if they got jobs . 
  but they do n't , so they end up in the ` receiving ' category . 
  to a country that has paperwork of their citizenship . 
  giving the country some compensation will also help them find the paperwork faster . 
  if they do n't remember their country , you ask the african countries to see whose citizen it is . 
  then you register them biometrically , so you know which country they are from if they try that shit again , and also to put them in a blacklist for every kind of visa , or travel permit . 
  then you send them back . 
  since the countries might be uncooperative , you give twenty thousand euros per migrant they can provide proof of citizenship ( peanuts to what they cost to have here ) . 
  if they suddenly remember where the fuck they were from , you try to send them there , but if the country they claim to be a citizen of does n't recognise them , then the country with the proof is assumed as country of origin . 
  what i 'm saying is that some people need to learn to keep their sperging contained , instead of spreading it through all of time and space . 
  now it would be amazing if they stopped injecting it everywhere . 
  you have politics , news and worldnews to shit up with internal us politics , europe is not the sub for them . 
  oh , wow , i would n't have known if there were n't a dedicated group of the most obnoxious americans in existence making their opinions about how much they hate him known wherever possible !, 
  oh boy , i ca n't wait to inject my opinions on trump everywhere i can !, 
  at this point , i 'd be surprised if those rescue operations were not financed entirely by the smugglers . 
  think about it , you give these guys a good boat , and some money for fuel , and then you save on boats capable of navigating more than 15km . 
  more benefits , no risk of capture ... hell , they do it for free !, 
  it 's just such a great business decision . 
  i say that because in a documentary aired here some time ago , the ngo showed a boat an anonymous `` rich contributor '' had just donated , with no word of who donated it , or why it looked like a seagoing fishing ship and not a recreational yacht . 
  my flair . 
  germany 's behavior in the greece debacle was another , completely inexcusable still , beast . 
  and i did n't know about greece 's change in their constitution . 
  i meant when , in august 2011 suddenly and completely out of the blue , with upcoming elections no less , the two majority parties ( 90 % between the two ) who were absolutely at each other 's throats for decades , decided to change the constitution . 
  no debates , no warning . 
  announced in the middle of august and approved shortly after , like they were afraid people would notice . 
  and they were right to be afraid , one of the main arguments against the , fairly healthy , independence movements of catalonia and basque country , as well against the people wanting a republic was the `` difficulty '' in changing the constitution . 
  that it was an unchangeable document , that nothing could be done . 
  suddenly this took away one of the main monarchist arguments , and gave a lot of wind to alternative left parties .
