  i 'd also send back the british hooligans , so i guess i 'm racist against brits . 
  and then you repeat that thing about the kiss , while ignoring the context . 
  the victim was separated from a group , there were multiple men groping her , others were stealing her things and this one was n't giving her a kiss on the cheek . 
  no one breaks down crying in a trial for an innocent little kiss . 
  you break down because you were being groped by multiple men , alone , immobilized , being robbed and some fuck was slobbering all over your face . 
  it happened in germany ? 
  in gangs of 15-20 where they immobilized the girl , some robbed her and kept anyone trying to help away and the rest licked her face , kissed her and groped under the clothes . 
  imagine ten guys grabbing you , separating you from your friends and kissing you , licking you in tge face and groping you . 
  that 's what happened . 
  80 hours of community service are what you get for drinking in public here . 
  well , the year of jail time for sexual assault sounds reasonable , they should serve it . 
  also , immediate denial of any and all asylum , visa , immigration and related requests and their being placed in a eu-wide blacklist so any future requests can be easily and quickly denied in the future . 
  following this they should be placed under police custody until they can be deported back to country of origin as soon as possible . 
  well , they were convicted to a year in prison , which was suspended . 
  by rights they should spend a year in prison . 
  do n't act like they did nothing . 
  not only that , these kinds of crimes should have a zero-tolerance policy , with immediate and fulminant denial of any asylum , residence , immigration or visa request complete with blacklisting . 
  not only that , it should be followed by deportation ( willingly or not ) to country of origin as soon as possible . 
  80 hours of community service ca n't be considered a conviction when talking about sexual assault . 
  they do n't , if you ever have to disarm a nuke , find a rock and hit everything that looks delicate with it as hard as you can . 
  stop when a bunch of people in eod gear take you away . 
  they are extremely complex and delicate pieces of advanced machinery , more like a particle accelerator than a stick of tnt . 
  in german you compliment somebody 's shirt and it sounds like you are berating him . 
  in french you can shit on his mum and it sounds like a compliment . 
  jesus christ , i need to be on / pol / when that happens , the meltdown will be glorious . 
  the memes will blot out the sun, 
  the main problem with that analysis is not pp+pnv , as you said , it would be hard for pp , and they 'd have to transfer some major competencies of which there are n't many so pnv have something to wave around here and present as a victory ( all i can think about is prisons ) . 
  the main problem is pnv+c s. 
  cs is outright despised in basque country , ( as can be seen with their votes ) and pnv remember very damn well the reason they have absolute majority is because patxi lopez ( psoe ) doing a pact with pp . 
  that 's also the reason psoe does n't do anything in here . 
  with elections coming up pnv wo n't risk their majority by voting for a cs + pp pact . 
  the stories you can hear about doing business in valencia and andalusia are astounding from a basque perspective . 
  everybody takes their cut , and they ask for it openly . 
  it 's galaxies away from catalonian corruption . 
  and catalonian parties are punished by voters . 
  if they keep staying the same , with enough elections psoe will fall enough for sorpasso to happen . 
  people voted for thieves . 
  i just want off this ride . 
  you think scotland and catalonia would be onboard for a threeway independentist process ? 
  appeasers like you are the people that 's killing this union . 
  any rebellious subjects should be burned in nuclear fire . 
  mother of god , was he punched in the face by police ? 
  is n't that illegal ? 
  definitely trolling, 
  i doubt very much the ones going to the worst areas of the world and risking their life for free were the ones taking this decision . 
  it was probably taken by some professional activist in an air conditioned office in the first world who only has contact with conflict areas through cnn and will make very damn sure his fat paycheck will not be touched by his decision . 
  meanwhile , having some hospital in some conflict zone close and causing the death of people will never cross his mind . 
  after all , he will have done the ` good ' thing , as the warm feeling in his stomach demonstrates . 
  your rock-climbing analogy is disingenuous , because fat related medical conditions are not accidents , like rock climbing or car accident related ones are . 
  a much better analogy is smoking and drinking , since those are also conscious decisions . 
  and there are continuous anti-smoking and anti-drinking campaigns , and it 's commonly accepted to have smokers and drinkers pay lots of extra taxes , due to the fact that they 'll incur in extra cost . 
  that was beautiful, 
  obesity is a government problem , because we then have to pay for their millions of related health problems . 
  my hands look bonier , and i 'm a male almost on the ` overweight ' level of bmi . 
  it 's almost funny , if i use only three fingers , they look like an alien 's . 
  ben `` six million more '' garrison, 
  thanks !, 
  i hope your brexit goes well and your sad excuse of an island sinks into the ocean !, 
  yes , that is true , personally i 'm in favor of that . 
  but the problem here does n't come with podemos , it comes when podemos loses power to another party that is buddy buddy with the banks , and they make a law tailored to make evictions easy for them , while not providing alternate housing . 
  the result of it would be leaving small landlords hanging to dry and causing a great damage to the rent market ( one of the last things this country can afford to damage ) . 
  also , professional squatters are very well versed in looking like they are in risk of poverty , by virtue of their income being illegal ( drugs , black working ... ) . 
  again , i 'm not saying therr are n't people who need housing , and that deserve it , but our judicial system is already too lenient on professional squatters ( as a chat with any of their victims can attest ) , and they target majorly the small landlord without the resources for the costly legal battle to evuct them . 
  i need to take your word for it , i 'm on mobile and the site keeps crashing , but amongst the parts that i could read between the crashes , there were talks of increasing age rating to the maximum and taking away tax breaks . 
  i 'll read it completely later tonight , but what i read was n't good . 
  but i also think government interference on art an inherently bad thing . 
  it 's not the one doing the censoring , it 's the fact that there would be a censoring . 
  if you are not ok with somebody you do n't like getting some powers , it means nobody should get them . 
  i mean , you would n't be ok with marine le pen censoring the media , would you ? 
  ( and rightfully so ) . 
  at some point this one will retire , or leave the post , and then who guarantees it would be someone you 'd like ? 
  in the air , a private company in control of a major avenue of communication should be as accountable as a government , by virtue of having comparable power . 
  in my experience , as others have said , it 's mostly the accent . 
  you can be completely white , with both parts of your family being from castille , but if your accent is from south america , you are n't considered spanish . 
  the contrary is true too , if you have a deep madrilian accent you can be ethnically chinese , african , whatever . 
  everybody will treat you like a spaniard ( and diss you out on your driving ) it also goes about regions , if you have galician accent , everyone will think you are galician . 
  i do n't know why afd does n't , but i 'd wager a bet that 's because across europe christianity is in decay , has fuckall power and is kept in check by society . 
  and that if it starts being a problem dozens of parties will spring up to oppose it . 
  and most anarchists , communists and even fascists are very good people who would never harm anybody . 
  i know plenty of those from those two first groups , and one from the latter . 
  that does n't mean i ca n't object to their ideologies or find them wrong or even disgusting . 
  separating individual people from their ideologies ( and the ideologies from the individual people ) is important when discussing their merits . 
  but i digress , my point was to call things by their name , and calling ideologically based opposition to another idology ` ethnic ' is misleading . 
  edit : i accidentally words, 
  you can oppose ideologies as much as you want , without being an ` ethnic nationalist ' . 
  else you are one , since you object fascism . 
  okay , i call troll . 
  there 's just no way this is real thinking, 
  the main reason we do n't have any of that is because our ... history . 
  but you 'd have it hard to find actual wilderness in spain , most surviving would be to walk a couple hours in a straight line , look around , walk to the nearest house you can see and ask for food . 
  in a nature park it 's different , but you should still be able to call somebody . 
  in a decade of going almost weekly to nature parks in northern spain , i ca n't remember any time i was without mobile phone reception or not within four hours walking from a farm or house in any direction . 
  i do n't know where you live , but over here the judiciary and executive powers are separated . 
  the ttip is only talked about in r/europe , the others only talk about tpp . 
  it works like that in spain . 
  it 's legal not to carry your national identity card , but if the police ask for you to identify yourself , they can detain you until you can be properly identified in a police station . 
  so everyone carries their card , since there are many places that ask it from you . 
  the national id card is mandatory from ( i think ) all citizens sixteen and up . 
  it 's not something you even notice . 
  same in spain .
