but they are exactly like them in everything that matters . 
  47 yes , 44 no , 9 for referendum . 
  errejon appeared in tv saying explicitly his parties votes ca n't be counted as against . 
  they could be anywhere , even ... 
  behind you !, 
  poes law, 
  i did, 
  i want off mama merkel 's wild ride !, 
  humans can recognize up to 4 individual objects or people without counting , and if you need to count to know how many people are in a family it 's so strange you will likely remember it . 
  holy shit , units !, 
  my thermodynamics exam all over again !, 
  more interesting than its use as an airliner ( doubt it will ever be used for that ) are its possible uses as a ssto spaceplane , since it reaches orbital velocity at 33 km of height . 
  i wonder if there will ever be a modified version that can do that . 
  right under the waterline, 
  nobody said germany should lead anything , much less rule tyranically . 
  i do n't know where that idea came from , and why there are so many germans saying we asked anybody to lead . 
  and we use nuclear reactor coolant to wash vegetables in industrial processes . 
  a chemical that , i might add , has been found in great quantities in several tumor types . 
  it is so harmful that its inhalation in moderate quantities is lethal , and its gaseous form causes serious burns . 
  we all can say things that are not `` entirely '' inaccurate, 
  despite all common sense , i 'll bite , because i 'm honestly curious . 
  how have you reached the conclusion that i support the terrorist group terrorizing my region from what i wrote ? 
  yes , i forgot the `` technically '', 
  you are trolling , you must be . 
  do n't tell that to their supporters , they wo n't take it kindly . 
  eta a religious terrorist group ? 
  please step away from your keyboard before you do anymore ridicule, 
  you are stripped of certain human rights when you are put in prison, 
  1st amendment protects you from the government . 
  freedom of speech is a philosophical concept , one societies should strive for , at that . 
  equalizing a philosophical concepts with the exact wording of a part of the american constitution is dishonest at best . 
  edit : and legislation protects you from assaults and aggressions . 
  we are getting called everything under the sun with every new measure , getting our governments bogged down by useful idiots , and being expected to both secure the border and treat them better than our poor with very little assistance . 
  all of this while living under a crushing economic crisis being destroyed by badly thought imposed austerity measures . 
  in this case they are interchangeable , countries can get away with both illegalities and immoralities , which does n't mean they stop being so . 
  ok , it was just an example . 
  let 's see : the sinking of the rainbow warrior by the french was pretty immoral , and they got away with it anyway , what i meant is that countries can do immoral things and get away with them , but that does n't mean they are n't immoral . 
  and killing people is a crime , yet i do n't see the police arresting drone pilots , do you ? 
  the fact that a country can get away with something , does n't mean it 's not immoral , or illegal, 
  are you aware that majority of degrees from me are not equal to european ones ? 
  am i in 2014 ? 
  and accounting for perspective both circles were equal . 
  edit : and yellow circle leaves people outside , while red catches quite a bit of empty street . 
  when did bbc become this kind of propaganda ? 
  seriously , i 'm curious, 
   i consistently check comment histories you are the reason people make alts . 
  i might even make one , if it was n't a hassle on mobile, 
  that is the kind of thing absolute idiots with zero knowledge of how laws work would do . 
  trying to find a loophole like that does n't work , that 's what the judge is for , to interpret the meaning of the law , rather than the letter . 
  it 's like bumping into someone so their phone falls , picking it up and running . 
  not thanks to our government . 
  jokes aside , most parts of spain get very cold in winter , despite popular perception . 
  it 's an almost normal occurrence now for old people to burn or asphyxiate to death due to burning things in makeshift fireplaces . 
  oh , no , it 's possible . 
  you looked at the right number . 
  granted , there 's a lot of sunken economy , but even then , number of people working is ridiculously low . 
  also , for people under 35 it 's more like 50 % unemployed . 
  if farmers were paid what supermarkets charge , they 'd be filthy rich . 
  it 's ridiculous the margins they have . 
  personally i think governments should support direct sales to consumer initiatives and the creation of producer cooperatives . 
  it 's better for rural economies and the environment . 
  according to tv , also spain, 
  you know , i hope i 'm wrong, 
  they know full well the place is safe now , they 're not the idiots you make them to be . 
  so this is how eu ends . 
  you could get the un on board to manage the camps , if they try to complain just do the saudi thing and give them a `` donation '', 
  both, 
  we can convince turkey with money . 
  besides , we really should be helping turkey with its camps, 
  if you eliminate incentives , and create a risk of being sent to a neutral african country , they will stop coming , eliminating the market . 
  it 's strange how some people confuse race wih culture and nationality . 
  they are completely different things . 
  less business for the smugglers , since you are eliminating the market for them . 
  my wife first , and when i have money son and daughter . 
  because i ca n't leave my children alone there , mostly . 
  if i had to choose between myself or my family escaping a warzone i would n't even think about it . 
  and the left wing mayors are legislating by titulars . 
  they will completely forget about this come the next `` big thing '' , when this goes into the backburner . 
  ever heard of the horrible serbian civil war that 's happening right now ? 
  maybe because there 's none, 
  do you know what 's going on in turkey ? 
  you know , the place they come from ? 
  or in greece ? 
  serbia ? 
  yeah , those countries ravaged by civil war ... 
  ... of herself and her policies, 
  those goalposts must be rocket powered to move that fast !, 
  oh , ut some will say that `` democracy is n't always ok '', 
  good luck hungary !, 
  thank you mr orban, 
  why would you send them away when it was you that invited them ? 
  i honestly thought about taking a bus to denmark , saying i 'm a refugee from syria and seeing how many months of free money i could get until i was denied and had to pay another 30 euros to come back . 
  it happened right as they lowered it from 2500 to 1400 $ . 
  if it was still in the 2500 i 'd have looked at whether it 's a crime , and if it was not harshly punished , i 'd have done it . 
  normally i would n't do such a thing , but one thing is frauding a system for poor people , and another some idiot trying to hand out free money . 
  ah , i did n't understand the idiom ( is this the word ? ), 
  you used, 
  ah , thanks . 
  no , it 's not shameful behavior , nor it is downplaying it . 
  it 's just the most impartial and dry way to say it , the fact that somebody did it is clear both from the act and from context , and that it 's a quasi-terroristic ( it 's debatable if it can be considered full terrorism , with the negative connotation the word implies , since it was not aimed at directly bodily harming a person , but it 's just personal opinion on the line between vandalism and terrorism ) is also not up to debate .
