  and you definitely have no right to complain when others police it for you, 
  is n't the customer support department just a giant x painted in a courtyard , though ? 
  no , most of them are good people . 
  but all of them are a product of their society , culture and upbringing . 
  which has the individual-state relationship , the work-culture and the morals of an islamic authoritarian third-world country , which are so different to secular democratic first-world country as to be another universe . 
  in small numbers there is n't any disruption to the working of the state , and their children ca n't isolate themselves and avoid integration . 
  in big numbers that 's exactly what happens . 
  those different morals mean that , while being good people , their behavior is inexcusably horrible and criminal in some cases . 
  again , to themselves , they are good people . 
  it 's gigantically more flexible than spanish , for example . 
  i personally find it easier to write stories in english . 
  i do n't know whether this is true or not , but el mundo is a rag , that 's innegable . 
  they still defend that 11-m was eta , for example . 
  around the world ? 
  try around europe . 
  remember youth unemployment in spain is more than 40 % , for example . 
  but then you 've just made them waste a lot more ammo , which would put further strain into their supply lines , so it 's also a win, 
   incompetence is not punishable by law doctors and engineers beg to differ , despite doing less damage with their mistakes ... 
  true , but quality and force of the raids tends to fall sharply for second and subsequent times . 
  but i 'll make an europemeta post about a couple of anti-brigade ideas i have, 
  i too hope there wo n't be a new brigade . 
  i will happily eat my words if there is . 
  you could allow a new submission , see if it does not get brigaded . 
  chans have a notoriously low attention span and yes , i thank you for not completely removing it . 
  edit : my keyboard eats words edit 2 : and letters, 
  you mean the locked one ? 
  having an open submission of this story would be important , in my opinion . 
  reddit is , after all , a commenting platform , so having a story without being able to comment on it goes against the use people do of reddit , and against the character of this website . 
  in a way it 's like cnn live stopped covering stories less than ten days old . 
  that 's also why you have been seeing numerous resubmits , because not being able to comment is not what people expect of this commenting platform . 
  they expect being able to discuss the piece with like-minded people and people of differing political views . 
  where was it submitted ? 
  translation , please ? 
  if they announce they 'll do that , then the guards will just turn back everyone . 
  though that might be their plan ... 
  even at hating ourselves the italians are better than us !, 
  yay !, 
  do n't tell me the stereotypes were wrong . 
  next thing you 'll tell me russians are n't all drunk bears in monocycles , or that i 'm not dancing flamenco on top of a bull while eating a paella burrito and holding onto my sombrero . 
  spanish : paz basque : bake, 
  so you are a country of lassies ? 
  `` perkele , perkele '' `` old man johan has fallen into the fjord and needs an amulance ! '', 
  cold winter , cold summer , cold light , cold dark . 
  wet cold , dry cold , cold cold , warm cold , cold . 
  cold only half / s, 
  what pnv wants is to defend basque interests and keep the status quo here . 
  to do that they can join whoever , as long as they are not dead in basque politics . 
  so , citizens and upyd are out ; for pp they are going to need an amazing deal to wave around in here , like transferring to basque government any institutions still under central control , but there are n't many left nor are n't they as flashy ; psoe , iu and podemos , also catalan nationalists are ok . 
  no , that 'd be ciudadanos . 
  even if you liked their stances the organization is less of a party and more of a criminal syndicate . 
  after how much they have stolen i 'm amazed people vote for them . 
  but they are not fiscally responsible , if what money they save in expenses they spend into financing their party . 
  the european administrated city of sirte . 
  simple , they are clearly from the first country willing to accept them for the minimum amount of money if they do n't cooperate . 
  if they cooperate then we know their country of origin and can deport them , if they lie then they are from the country willing to take them, 
  ukip was the 2nd most voted party , it 's your voting system which gave their several million votes less seats than some parties with thousands of votes edit : 3rd , i misremembered, 
  please read my comment again and notice the `` almost '' in front of `` got it '', 
  yes , three and a half weeks . 
  granted , campings in belgium and holland are better than the spanish ones i 'm accustomed to , but it 's never less than a shower for a dozen . 
  edit for premature submit : and it 's not living in tents , it 's living in the conditions we allow students and recruits to live in . 
  the prize is only for influence , if not they 'd be endorsing al-baghdadi and trump ( other finalists ), 
  deserved like hitler 's , khoumeni 's and putin 's ? 
  it 's not a prize for welldoing . 
  osama almost got it on 2001 , also . 
  of course you forgot , because that did n't happen . 
  merkel invited them not because of a `` humanitarian crisis '' but in response of the demonization of hungary in the media , her statement effectively destabilized the situation there and caused hungary 's security forces to be overwhelmed , with the only viable option being to send them to germany . 
  have you ever gone camping ? 
  that 's a shower for several dozen people . 
  10/10 absolutely perfect assessment of events . 
  can it overwhelmingly serve national interest if winning is not very likely ? 
  honest question , it would seem like one is included in the other . 
  i meant that they are hypocrites when they point out the amount of immigration they get and integrate , when they get south americans , which integrate very easily , and spend 18 months screening the muslims they get to make sure they are easily integrated . 
  no , but i 'm getting rather tired of americans calling us racists and telling us how more tolerant they are . 
  shocked ? 
  the police were n't prepared , they had been dealing with eta , and they surrender when caught , these people prefer to die . 
  it 's isis in arabic . 
  according to some people arabic is n't big on initials , so it 's slightly derrogative . 
  others say it sound like a petty nickname . 
  others say it sounds like nothing at all . 
  in my opinion , politicians have seen arab leaders calling them that and have started imitating them for no reason than to look like they know more than they do, 
  a fight between two wal-mart superfats would probably end with simultaneous hearth attacks , before the match . 
  we 'd have to develop an artillery-based delivery systems for biscuits , otherwise people might start eating each other , and crime  pot zombies, 
  the worst part is you never get to inspect successful prototypes . 
  too many empty houses because of the bubble bursting . 
  we had a housing crisis beforehand , but `` liberalizing '' did n't bring prices down , only our gdp, 
  we did exactly that in spain . 
  not only did it not help , it was the main cause of our economic recession . 
  false , they come from france and before that , italy . 
  how many decades since those countries had a civil war ? 
  3 upvotes for asking vs 11 upvotes for giving at least you felt morally superior to everyone else for several hours . 
  the un are ridiculously corrupt , like you would n't believe . 
  how do you think saudi arabia gets as little heat as they do despite chopping people 's heads off at an alarming rate , using slaves and what 's happening in yemen ? 
  they are ignored because the new multi-million brussels building is being donated by them . 
  there are hundreds of cases like these , but the un does n't care as long as you pay . 
  if abott had paid them like this he could have just bombed the boats , with complete silence from the un . 
  from one to all of morocco , how much pot have you smoken ? 
  honest question . 
  i studied in a private-public school and we had one first , one second , sometimes a dessert , and bread . 
  all of it just defrosted and served in metal sheets with cavities instead of plates . 
  so yeah , the ritz .
