  all the laws are encouragering people to quit which benefits everyone except the tobacco business . 
  this is n't even a full ban , just a ban on a type of cigarettes that make smoking seem cool and bearable, 
  ... . right . 
  or they are forcing a company to provide a service for their paying customers ? 
  `` buy a subscription and get nothing to watch '' is n't great . 
  erm ... does content for the uk count towards this ? 
  because that is all you 'll get . 
  i made the decision to not take an addictive substance in order to not die early in life , waste money and take other peoples lives because im a selfish bastard on a bad habit . 
  i do n't chose to not breathe in second hand smoke , it 's air i 'll breathe in regardless if i want to or not and that 'll damage my health . 
  you clearly have no idea how much damage smoking causes , it 's not just the smoker that gets sick , it 's the people around them too . 
  heck it 's more likely for those who breathe in second hand smoke is more likely to get cancer than the actual smoker . 
  why should i get cancer because of some fucking moron who started smoking to look cool and ca n't quit ? 
  are you kidding me right now ? 
  might as well vote to leave the uk at this rate since the uk government is cracking down on smoking too . 
  remember the ban of smoking in vehicles and public buildings !!, 
  these regulations are aimed at saving lives and getting less people diagnosed with cancer , how dare the eu try to make people healthy !!, 
  so many people attacking the eu for putting this bad in place and so many people defending smoking . 
  what the hell comments ( in the article ) people are just plain dumb . 
  but you guys are european . 
  im joking that he looks like trump in that picture . 
  we won the world cup 3 times as great britain . 
  when was the last time we won the world cup in football ? 
  once in 1966 . 
  we have n't won the 4 nations but it 's only happened like 5 times same with tri-nations . 
  also just because we are 3rd does n't mean we ca n't win any competitions , like i said we beat new zealand last year even though they are the number 1 atm and australia beat them even though they are number 2 . 
  rankings are points based not skill based . 
  and ? 
  it 's not `` what is the most popular sport in the world '' it 's a `` what sport is your country best at and it 's rank '' thread . 
  the fact of the matter is , right now , rugby league is the sport this nation is doing well in and there is talks about england winning the 4 nations and world cup this year and 2017 respectively . 
  that 's better than every other sport we are involved in atm . 
  england is far more successful in rugby league and rugby union mate . 
  case in point england beat the top team in the world last year new zealand in a test series , while that same year england got kicked out the world cup early on by australia in union . 
  and we suck at football atm, 
  i thought you guys where union ... dunno what happened here ,, 
  holy shit rugby league has been considered and actually put as england 's top sport !, 
  finally recognition . 
  except that he want 's to ignore the wishes of the falkland islanders and wants to negotiate joint ownership with argentina . 
  the british live there ... 
  we have to vote for corbyn ? 
  fuck , im not voting next general election anyway , the current crop of idiots will ruin the country . 
  you guys would pull out instantly . 
  because she had switzerland heritage, 
  no problem , it 's not your natural language so you are bound to get something wrong . 
  it was part of the deal mate `` sure i 'll come do a song or 2 but i 'll have to be able to plug the movie , sound good ? '', 
  and eurovision agreed , every celeb does it as a deal when they do stuff like this . 
  how do you think talk shows get celebs ? 
  they advertise their films/books/songs . 
   given that i have n't seen anyone here or elsewhere touting how successful it was here , from what i recall if your media does n't give a crap they wo n't say how successful it was . 
  i heard after this one the american 's are looking to get involved now . 
  same here . 
  i hated sweden hosting last time and i normally hate the awkwardness of the hosts . 
  this year they did an amazing job , both very likable and great showmanship from them both . 
  he is right you know . 
  because the eu stops them being deported . 
  so when we need these people to keep the economy going we are going to deport them and leave jobs open for people who might not be able to fill them ? 
  got it !, 
  i wish people would realize a lot of these immigrants from the eu also do highly skilled jobs . 
  nobody cares to sit and watch anything to do with politics but anybody can read a headline and ignore the article . 
  your country could turn it down and then the bbc will be asked to host it , i mean , you are at war it 'll be understandable . 
  just rewatched the video ... . how that won i do n't have a clue, 
  it was on the night . 
  he got stuck on a zip line for starters :p, 
  i know ... im just saying the uk is the main reason for free trade in the eu so outside of the eu the uk will want free trade with china so it wo n't put up restrictions like you suggested . 
  did n't even know that was a thing , shows how much people are hearing about this . 
  most people read news papers not watch it on tv , which is why people are ignorant on the subject . 
  he was seen as a funny guy , he could make good speeches and made name for himself during the olympics which is where people started to like him . 
  now he is acting as a politician and talking out of his ass and attacking everybody who says we should stay in the eu , he 's like alex samond of the snp , no answers but likes to talk . 
  they are ... but to a bike ? 
  i also assume it hit something first and then they put the bike there tho . 
  as a country built on free trade and is the main reason the eu is even doing all this free trade we 'll look for free trade with china regardless . 
  problem is the eu can strong arm china into following regulations if they want their products sold in european countries , the uk will not be able to do that . 
  we annexed wales and made a political union with scotland , can you really call that a superstate ? 
   which refuses to even acknowledge that the desired end goal of the eu is a superstate/federal eu . 
  probably because we will still be in the eu just part of the superstate part of it , they acknowledge it but it 's not something we 'll be joining so why bring it up ? 
  i used to like this guy , now he 's just an asshole like the rest . 
  one side talks about potential ww3 and one side now uses hitler as a reason to leave . 
  how the hell are people supposed to know how to vote with this crap going on ? 
  the fact of the matter is , a lot of people in europe understand english , so the more people that understand you the more chance you have of winning . 
  we saw this when eurovision tried to force countries to use their own language and ireland and the uk mopped up . 
  lmao i should show this to my mum , she is voting to leave the eu and says they europe hates us and only wants our money . 
  to be fair we might start sending good talent if the american 's start getting involved , because then it 's almost free marketing and publicity and the record labels may release their talent . 
  graham norton said we should not have australia in the competition because it 's europe only ... give or take some technicalities , australia is on the other side of the world , ca n't make a good excuse for that . 
  plus everybody was fine with it for 1 year as a special occasion . 
   and americanised erm ... what ? 
  wow the uk one did n't have the impact as the others ... they felt like the odd ones out . 
  i wonder where the guy that told me we have no influence is and will he show in this thread i wonder  . , 
  actually america is seen as a bully by some and people listen to it because of it 's military and economic strength . 
  oh ... that is how it came across xd, 
  but the british and french did . 
  mate , i 'll accept if we get our asses kicked , just that period in history we did n't , we was in the war start to finish , nobody else was . 
  as the germans said `` the british are lions led by donkeys . '', 
   or our coalition at least ) yes ... not us . 
  we where busy fighting in spain , blockading france attacking france at sea and winning . 
  i do n't deny france 's army was strong , i do n't dare argue against that , im just saying we did n't get our asses kicked . 
  we kicked napoleon out of spain ... our army has always been small in comparison to our continental neighbours because as you say , our power lay in our navy . 
  our army was still a force to be reckoned with , still is to this day , it 's small but it 's capable . 
  fact of the matter is , we never got kicked out the war , we kept it going and because of us napoleon lost . 
  how is that getting our ass kicked ? 
  remember it was the british that routed napoleon at waterloo ... i am aware it was an army formed by other nations but the ones that routed the old guard was british . 
   yes , without that battle , paris would have fallen you did watch the sequel right ?
