  ( ca n't get the head around the banter , surprisingly the germans can . ), 
  * sigh * people only just noticed this ? 
  the american government does n't give a rats ass about any other country as they say `` a friend to all is a friend to nobody . '', 
  [ here is a list ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/nilegardiner/100088961/barack-obama-top-ten-insults-against-britain-2011-edition/ ), 
  that can still happen now , you just need to wait a few decades . 
  so a dead persons family should be able to live off royalties alone for the rest of their lives ? 
  imagine remaking star wars from the next 200 years , george lucas 's family will be wealthy for 200 years . 
  your helping the rich stay rich with that mentality and is exactly why the copyright law exists , to stop stagnation of industry . 
  i wish i could have worded this better . 
  how about `` until death '' . 
  in the uk we have this as a law . 
  we can not download a dvd ... ... we can record a movie off tv . 
  we can not pirate games ... . . but we can download rom 's if we can prove we already owned the game . 
  remember dvd 's , vcr 's , vhs , tape recoders where all going to bring down their respective industries . 
  they are still titans , still making you pay full price for digital versions as physical copies , ripping us off does n't stop us from pirating . 
  in an international organization that the usa is not a member of . 
  the only nations that should have an opinion on this is the european nations . 
  america should not say what they think a country should or should n't do unless it 's effectively breaking international law like russia in ukraine . 
  the only time i have accepted some input was with the scottish referendum because every nation had some input on what they saw as good or bad outcomes and would have had a massive effect on the world . 
  the eu needs to be persuading britain to stay , not america . 
  we are going to vote to stay regardless , hardly tricking anybody , the vote is just shut up the sceptics . 
  you mean having a general election where nobody know 's who is going to win is broken ? 
  since when did knowing the winner = fixed ... . oh i honestly never expected that to turn out that way , i am amused . 
  to be fair they are not going to admit defeat before hand are they ? 
  mate obama is incredibly anti-british , all this is just for show for the media . 
  the more they say it the less meaning it has , they are forcing the image . 
  i really think the united states should stfu and keep out of our domestic affairs , we should not put up with the eu just because america wants us in . 
  we should stay or leave because we want to , not some self centered country on the other side of the atlantic . 
  i would n't say we listen to them , they just bend to us . 
  the only people wanting the vote are those over 50 and they make up around 40 % of the electorate , so they have a large voice . 
  it 's the only reason we are getting a referendum . 
  the tories did n't get in because we like them for example , there just was n't anybody else we could pick and they got incredibly lucky for the majority . 
  technically anybody could including france ( tried/offered to at one point ) and the us because we have 1 nation in the commonwealth who is n't a former colony of britain . 
  it 's roots are the former colonies staying together for mutual benefit but i think anybody can join if they stick to key principles of the commonwealth . 
  not official unless said while tipping tea into the sea . 
  for what ? 
  me seeing a stunning woman naked while i took a piss ? 
  even canadians would n't say sorry for that . 
  to back you up ... i ca n't come up with anything for portugal ... rather odd really considering we have a joke/stereotype about everybody else . 
  and you ca n't get it up when drugged up . 
  it is but everybody is too stoned to work out how to kill themselves properly . 
  or you can piss off with the insults , because you just insulted a whole country . 
  not much else to do on weekends honestly , might as well jump in a boat with 100 other people and go see italy , see a couple of warships while your at it , have a day out . 
  i have question . 
  if we are keeping their boats or leaving them in the sea/sinking them ... . . where the bloody hell are these people getting boats ? 
  i read about the history if ireland and the uk and i am saddened when i learned it was the irish that actually liked britain and fought to protect it many times only for our stupid government to go and back stab you all . 
  i mean i do n't know a single person , military or civilian who does n't like ireland i am sure it was the same throughout history ( except the catholic thing which died off quickly ) . 
  i would love to have you guys back in our union it 's strange looking at the map and not having you in the same colour . 
  my grandad was from the republic and fought for the uk . 
  i find it slightly off that ireland wants the north back ( minority of you but still ) yet refuse to give up your independence and join the uk ... yet willing to give up independence to join the eu ... which would require you to reunite anyway just under another leadership . 
  funny how things turn out xd, 
  it was delayed yes which was lucky because the germans was expecting an attack on that particular day and the general of the army at the time went on holiday that day too . 
  also please keep in mind ireland almost joined germany 's side , while i hate you guys for even considering it ( seriously wtf guys ? ), 
  im glad you did n't and we are still close allies . 
  i typed it how i say it that 's all . 
  some times i add the `` to '' or i do n't . 
  i would n't worry about it mate  it might a british thing to miss off words from time to time . 
  a lot of the time the camera 's you can see are there to deter you from doing anything you should n't . 
  it 's the camera 's you ca n't see that are the ones keeping an eye on you . 
  probably to keep the french at bay . 
  it was a port town , i arrived on a small 15 man boat for 2 days . 
  actually criminals do n't have guns , in the uk if somebody breaks into your house , chances are you make a noise and they run for it . 
  94 % of police officers in the uk do n't want to carry a gun either , the civilians which the police depend on to feel safe enough to approach them are scared of police with guns . 
  basically the police and criminals tend to play fair , quite odd really when you think about it haha . 
  criminals who stab or shoot people get a lot of public hate , if you steal something and get caught then you are an idiot , if you escape . . you got balls but your still a dick . 
  had a girl in all black speed past me and my group no idea where she came from but nearly hit us all , did n't even look back ... . . she had a red thong , we looked left and a woman was naked in her window . 
  kinda put the world in perspective . 
  i went to amstadam and payed to use the toilets at one point , well worth it because some hot girl stripped off right next to me . 
  competition is massive , you need to distinguish yourself in london and around the uk . 
  really like the picture you used for the poland view , nice n clean but no idea what that big building is for ... bank maybe ? 
  britain is a mix of that , you either smoke in front of the door to a building ( any building ) or in a designated smoking area . 
  so the uk would baffle you if just smoking surprises you , 
  never been to dublin but never really imagined it would be a typical city . 
  you literally described my town , a bunch of villages and townships just grew towards each other and then merged , parts of the town are separated by dual carriageways haha . 
  of course, 
  luftwaffe has nothing on the british seagull, 
  actually i read that during a exercise the american 's asked the captain of the type - 45 to turn off the samson system so his ships could have some practice at aa because the destroyer completely eclipsed the strength and ability of all the ships the american 's had in the area . 
  something wrong ? 
  you pointing our i used a country and then a city ? 
  lets be honest i have no idea of the name of the place in france ( plus i went to the outskirts of paris , easier to clump them together like i did with spain ) and everybody knows amsterdam . 
  sorry i had no idea , i guess that is 3 nations that do it , britain being the largest . 
  airports are like the only exception because of terrorist attacks , other than that 99 % of officers do n't carry guns . 
  [ after the launch of daring on 1 february 2006 admiral sir alan west , a former first sea lord , stated that it would be the royal navy 's most capable destroyer ever , as well as the world 's best air-defence ship ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/type_45_destroyer] ( likewise , the ships ' builders bae systems claim ; `` able to detect and track hundreds of targets simultaneously , the type 45 destroyer is recognised as the most advanced anti-air warfare vessel in the world . 
  '' [ 41 ] nick brown the editor-in-chief of jane 's international defence review was quoted by the huffington post ( a us online news aggregator and blog ) saying , `` it 's [ type 45 destroyer ] certainly one of the most advanced air defence ships in the world ... 
  the us aegis system is similar , but sea viper is more advanced . 
  america was built on the principle of gun ownership so to accommodate that , police need guns to protect themselves and others . 
  both forces started at other ends of the spectrum and neither want to change it , even thought it would be better for the usa and the world to change to the british way . 
  type 45 destroyers are the best aa ship in the world , check it out , 
  when your police force was made people was scared of another army controlling us . 
  so the guy picked blue uniforms instead of red and no guns to make the people feel safer , been that way ever since , another quirk to british life , 
  only 2 countries have police with no guns , uk and new zealand ( they copied us ) . 
  we are the highest urbanized nation on earth to pull it off and for 200 years as well , yet some people in this country want it to change . 
  erm , i went france , lots of cars honking their horns . 
  spain ... the people will run you over if you are on the road or not . 
  only european places i have been ... oh and the spanish do n't care if a 16 year old goes to watch topless women dancing on stage + 1 for spain there . 
  edit : went amsterdam too , i went into some club to pee and while i was peeing a woman came into the room and entered a changing room that covered the torso and that 's it and started getting changed . 
  thank god for mirrors , 
  as much as the british love to harp on about ww1 and 2 and world cup win in 1966 ( i think ? 
  do n't care enough to know ) we all acknowledge the superior german manufacturing . 
  but seeing some of the stuff bae has made and is planning on making makes germany look bad , transforming and self healing planes for example .
