  why is the uk so low ? 
  you can go anywhere and get contraception at practically any age . 
  unless the scottish are fucking the statistics again . 
  they do n't want a border in ireland because of the peace deals n shiz, 
  the english are self centered and ignorant in a large number ( i am english btw and i am surrounded by them ... my own family included ) and they outnumber the scottish so yea . 
  a lot of them do n't think they should pay taxes and that the country will be fine if they do n't , so what do you really expect when you ask these people if they should get rid of scotland . 
  well the oil industry is a mess so that is not going to be enough for the scottish economy , it wo n't join the eu until it pays of or defaults its debt and the life style people for comfortable with will no longer exist unless the people pay far more tax than they do now . 
  basically scotland will be pissing in the wind and being hit in the face if it left the uk . 
  oh wow `` a source '' yea , until i hear it from her mouth then i am going to call you a liar . 
  source ? 
   `` un-elected peers defy will of the people ! '', 
  considering they tried to turn people against the courts , you are right and that is scary . 
  cod is a our main fish . 
   but considering your choice of language ,  go fuck yourself , you imperial cunt . 
  holy fuck the irony , have a good night , 
  you talk about history but ignore the obvious , killing each other is something that has happened since the dawn of man and it has been a necessary evil . 
  nations have built better weapons , stronger armour to defend against the other guy , the techniques used spread to civilian life and improve life for all . 
  without the world wars we would n't have what we have today , the industrial revolution may have started later if the royal navy was n't trying to improve it 's cannons ( gave the inventor of the piston his idea to harness steam power ) . 
  war and human advancement march side by side , there is no denying this . 
  on the subject of the irish , it was largely down to the hatred of catholics which is why you was treated so badly . 
  on the subject of the spread of language and death of cultures and native languages , last i checked wales still speaks welsh about 800 year 's , indians still speak 1000 languages , scotland decided to let its language die then blames it on the english . 
  the british did n't care what language the colonials spoke as long as english was one of those languages as it made things easier to keep control since everybody understood each other . 
  if it was n't english it would have been french or german but i do n't hear you bitching about them ... oh it 's because you got a giant `` i hate britain '' stick up your rectum . 
  seriously the past is n't black n white . 
  the irish tried to conquer main land britain and failed , you are not completely innocent where history is concerned , i believe the last hundred years with your wash houses helps make my point . 
  if you read through this thread there are many people telling the truth about some of these `` atrocities '', 
  haha ok so we are just going to ignore the natural order of our society ? 
  we learn each others languages to better understand each other , nobody forced france to speak english , or prussia , russia . 
  the defacto language amongst leaders in the world ( if they do n't have translators or know the language of the country they are in ) speak in english , it helps keep the peace . 
  to even suggest it 's a bad thing is absolutely insane . 
  not sure the genocide of the native american 's could qualify them to `` being rich without murdering the natives '' list . 
   i 'd say the bad outweighs the good but that 's my opinion . 
  so spreading a language and technology along with scientific advancement helping the human race unite , keep the peace , live longer healthier lives and saving more lives than was killed does n't out weight all the people that died ? 
  what happened to kill 1 to save the many ? 
   if we could go back in time as a people and stop imperialism even if it meant not having as much progress in the world , i 'm sure we 'd all do it , erm , why ? 
  i was asked if i a hitler was born today would i kill him if he was gon na start a war , i said only if i see how the world turns out after the war . 
  humanity has improved following every war that took place , we jumped leaps n bounds thanks to ww1 and ww2 , would i stop imperialism and still have stone age level medicine allowing people to die from the flu every day ? 
  yea , how about no . 
  to stop war is to stop human advancement , it 's a necessary evil and imperialism was a major cog in that machine , empires where a global showing of what humans society wants to do , have more people following their rules , get rich , get more powerful and destroy your enemies who think differently . 
  been that way since we crawled out of the mud . 
  how so ? 
  in short i am a brit and learned non of this and i did history for my gcse 's . 
  so you are both right . 
  because the fat bastard with 6 wives , 2 without heads decided he would create the national religion and told the pope to go fuck himself . 
  kind of a big deal in global politics and how our country changed , so unfortunately we have to learn about his ugly mug, 
   full of lies and falsehoods aimed at misrepresenting british history . 
  in my history books had no mention of empires aside from the roman empire , also we did n't learn anything about our empire , no napoleon , nothing . 
  it was romans , egypt , medieval europe ( battle of hastings ) then tudors and stewards , war of the roses , slavery , ww1 , great depression , ww2 , cold war , vietnam . 
  so ... everybody in the world then , you 're not a special snowflake , sorry to burst that bubble . 
  hong kong says hi . 
  also south afica also india ( soon to be economic super power ) and singapore am i missing anyone else here ? 
  also racism was rife in those days you ca n't say `` well yea they are rich but killed the local inhabitants '' last i checked that 's how you conquer a country , by killing them to start with . 
  we did n't get because great britain by singing god save the queen while sipping tea . 
  is it ideal ? 
  nope . 
  is it something to be proud of ? 
  nope . 
  all that matters is that those countries have changed , recoginzed the past and trying to do somethings to try and help those natives that where ill-treated and those countries have the economic and political clout to make it happen , not just at home but globally too . 
  just gon na throw this out here and it 's a quote from a spanish journalist before the referendum on europe . 
  `` the people of this continent should be thankful every day for the small island in the atlantic who never stopped fighting to save europe '' . 
  more or less word for word . 
  britain has a massive amount of respect for france and germany for being fierce rivals and allies , why ca n't france have more respect for 1 country over another ? 
  it 's human nature to respect and trust someone more than another person if they feel it 's earned , same goes for nation states . 
  it 's kind of insulting our greatest rival does n't respect us more than belgium for example . 
  lets be fair here , we saved europe twice and lost our empire doing so and we get this shit . 
  we treated ireland badly for 800 years , you have a legitimate reason to hate us and even then a lot of irish have ignored the past and actually like the uk rather than hate it . 
  except they are pushing for an army now we are leaving and ca n't block it . 
  nice story true or not you are wrong just accept it . 
  not really you 're the one who refuses to accept it . 
  it says lets fund the nhs intead of the eu . 
  that is what they said they will do if we ledt the eu because people will vote to protrct the nhs . 
  i 'm done . 
  it said on the bus lets fund the nhs indtesd , seriously just google the damn thing also we already a points based system but nobody knew that until after the viote . 
  i like how you call remainets liers despite the fact that the lie campaign sent leaflets out saying turkey is joining the eu and that immigration from romania is an issue despite them not have the right of free movement yet . 
  oh , carry on good sir . 
  whats that got to do with anything ? 
  i find it interesting brexiters believe the # 350 million a week to the nhs lie during the campaign but forgot without immigration the nhs would collapse since most of the doctors and nurses are immigrants . 
  that money wo n't help at all ( not like it was true in the first place ) and it would take years and for people in this country to give enough of a shit to go in the profession to fix it and that 's not likely because it would take less than a year for the nhs to collapse . 
  scotland and england are still kingdoms united so yes , the united kingdom of great britain will still exist if n.i leaves ... hence why they are separated in the name . 
  the answer for the youth is the same as you said , the views of society is forced upon the youth and to stray from that is to put shame on your family which is a powerful thing in japan . 
  males very rarely leave home or never in some cases in fear of putting shame on their families so they are still taught that women and men should not be equal but unable to actually have a relationship or change . 
  they wanted to introduce id cards but that was stopped because the government realized , absolutely nobody would accept that and that would just kill their political career, 
   the british people do n't even fight for something that is universally loved ( like the nhs ) or universally hated ( such as the the #ipbill ) . 
  lots of protests for the nhs lately , like strikes from junior doctor contracts , 2011 students rioted after the price of university went up . 
   british people protest , a lot . 
  i guess most just do n't care or know enough about this surveillance law to protest it . 
  normally anything to do with the internet nobody really protests because those that do like to protest know next to nothing about the internet . 
  the ones that do protest online or their parents ground them if they try , . 
  my mum said i was a dumbass for saying i trust the eu government more than our own at this point . 
  yea ... she voted out like the rest of my family , i voted in ... guess who reads up on this shit ? 
  tories in power since 2010 and wanted to curb immigration , there is no excuse here . 
  it 's not the terrorists , it 's the `` do n't say that you might offend '' and people playing the race card and scared of being sued culture we have now . 
  the irish bombings was terrorism and that changed nobody so middle eastern terrorists got the same `` fuck off would ya '' attitude . 
  it 's actually been linked to how stable our society has been and lack of civil wars in the past few centuries because we can take the piss out of our parliament and monarch without fear of prosecution . 
  how so ? 
  cameron was shoving it down our throats every christmas and a big deal was made about how christian of a society are we and how far ingrained it is . 
  then we have the whole `` the monarch is the head of the church of england '' so i assume the pm would naturally have to follow lead ... sure we might deviate from it eventually but with the conservatives in power for the past decade this wo n't change in the near future because they are dragging us back to the victorian era . 
  i do feel that the strength of the british monarchy keeps other european monarchies around since they are most powerful and prominent family ( since they are all related ) . 
  you maybe right if ours starts to decline the ones on the continent will also decline . 
  do n't forget liz is german by heritage , the germans have always been jealous of our monarchy,
