  american military hardware not working ? 
  somebody want to tell me why this is a surprise exactly ? 
  they are british on passport only , just for simpleness sake, 
  in the uk everybody is british but also have the underline nationality of where they are born . 
  some like to stick it to the man and say they are , say scottish before british , while the english are british before english . 
  most places wo n't hire you if you have no experience and you ca n't get experience without a job . 
  it 's not like china where you can walk into a job and no shortage of work , over here there are too many people and too few jobs . 
  junior positions want you to have 3 years experience and knowledge of a person with 10 years experience , it 's ridiculous . 
  also nobody is saying ban part time hours , it 's banning zero hour contracts . 
  you are not guaranteed any work but the job can abuse it 's workers by black mail of `` do this or get less hours '' or `` oh you got things going on ? 
  guess you do n't want this many hours anymore '' and just making life hell . 
  they should be banned , the workers have next to no rights while the business can take advantage , i am on the books of 3 different zero hour companies all zero hour , it 's stupid . 
  nope not all of them . 
  i want full time hours , i did over 50 hours a week every week for 8 months last year . 
  finding full time work with no experience is near impossible . 
  probably part time , i am not really sure . 
  zero hour is also climbing and more people on zero hour contracts are considered employed . 
  i have n't had more than 1 8 hour shift since jan 1st and not expecting anything else so now i need to look for more work . 
  ( did 100-140 hour fortnights for 8 months last year and now i get fucked over ), 
  sounds like you went to a shit hole , most british love ireland and the irish . 
  to gain our favour , send over your women as tribute . 
  coming back alive in critical condition in a coma from a suicide mission is also seen as `` better than expected '' . . 
  they got their asses kicked ... until the french showed up . 
  or the british might just bomb your dam and flood everything in the area , ask germany how that went , 
  b. . . b. . but we ruled the waves ... 
  we almost went bankrupt because of our tea obsession ... we had no other choice :'( on the bright side , everybody knows now to not fuck with our tea . 
  well , we did it twice , 3rd times the charm . 
  you are the pro 's at stopping things getting wet , that 's why you do n't get the girls . 
  malta is also surprisingly hard to invade and conquer compared to iceland . 
  in the uk the goverment has places you can live like hostels or charities have area 's you can go to . 
  or you can get on benefits and get a place to live and the government will pay for everything for you , except food and clothing . 
  there is literally no reason for people to be on the street over here . 
  you 'll find most countries with high levels of english speakers where either colonies or allies . 
  france is the super exception here , they where powerful rivals and both england and france made each others language a 2nd language ( presumably for peace negotiations :p ) but france likes to pretend they do n't know english . 
  nobody in the uk should be homeless with our social policies , people forget everybody on the streets put themselves there , is it sad ? 
  yes . 
  but they can get all the help they need but they refuse to do so . 
  so pretty much asia , makes sense . 
  but it has next to no prescience in the west while hollywood has an audience in asia . 
  my point was just that our celebrities are ( like continental european celebrities to americans ) pretty much unknown except for a few out liars . 
  in english , it 's curry powder in soup which then became known as curry , hence chicken tikka marsala being considered englands true national dish . 
  to be honest , i normally ignore the sticky post on top of every subreddit xd, 
  alcohol has been something that europe has drank and socialized around for 1000 year 's ( rome had wine for example ) , it helps people relax and open up and enjoy themselves . 
  so you will commonly find people asking if you want to go for a drink , keep in mind you do n't have to drink alcohol and some places sell cobra or other non alcoholic beers . 
  technically britain invented the curry , india just stole it and now it 's called `` indian food '', 
  our celebrities are not usually their celebrities . 
  bollywood is much larger than hollywood , hollywood just has the ability to go global due to the language used while bollywood is confined to india . 
  i went to a local pub in my town ( i live in the north west of england so it 's pretty cheap up here ) and i would n't drink any of the real ales or beers so bought a can of coke . 
  i did n't drink anything else and that single can lasted me 4 hours . 
   i 'm from the uk and i feel like the refugee crisis is not being handled properly at all . 
  our government decided to transport vulnerable women , orphans and families directly to the uk from refugee camps but we chose to allow too few in whereas other european countries like germany entice people to pay smugglers and risk their lives to get here . 
  we also decided as part of the refugee crisis that our answer was to leave the eu, 
  lebanon top center, 
  im aware , so whats the point you are trying to make ? 
  at the end of the day , nobody was forced to move to n.ireland , they moved because they wanted a new life and they just stayed loyal to the crown because of their links to the main land . 
  american colonists did n't want to leave the empire either , the minority took the colonies to war . 
  the biggest example of minority controls the mass ever . 
  history has already decided that ireland and britain will continue to have the same goals and values , unfortunately britain feels like it can do the same things without the eu . 
  if/once it 's shown britain has fucked up , it will rejoin europe and inline with ireland again . 
  britain regardless of how ireland feels is watching over ireland and protecting it , ireland ca n't just shrug it off , 800 years despite not being united anymore still means we are inseparable . 
  depends , you wan na join us again like the good ol days ? 
  we need the irish charm to make occupation easier . 
  the people who complain at this kinda stuff need to be banned from watching tv !, 
  he 's later than justin beiber . 
  well for the record , i did n't say you was wrong  not a lot of people are willing to look up something online to see if they are wrong , good job , you 're better than most , 
  ice , melted , flooded the land bridge between the uk and the continent . 
  if you want proof , they found villages under the channel . 
  ice does n't just melt and vanish . 
  10,000 actually , end of the ice age flooded the landmass cutting the uk off . 
  it make sense , since the uk landmass was attached to the mainland 10,000 years ago so chalk cliffs on both sides . 
  as i said when the panana papers where leaked and the top 10 richest nations got pissed , shit will start to the change . 
  nobody said they would . 
  if a species has given up mating and depends on chinese scientists to jack off a male to inseminate the female , the species should be left to die . 
  that ai n't a human cause . 
  we made a lot of animals extinct , does n't mean we ca n't bring them back because we can . 
  we are renowned for not thinking this shit through and playing god . 
  maybe it 's time to stop ? 
  we are messing about by stopping extinctions already ( if the panda do n't wan na mate , let em die ) , the tigers are different because humans are killing them . 
  those are more grey , dead and gone should be left that way , nature has moved on , so should we . 
  99 % of all extinct species on earth was without human intervention , many species are out there undiscovered or dying and we do n't even know . 
  we ca n't pick n choose what to bring back and what to keep dead , we talk about imbalance in nature and yet we are continue to imbalance the current balance of nature by introducing a long gone corner stone that is irrelevant . 
  do n't get me wrong this would be cool , make a zoo for dinosaurs that would be absolutely amazing , but to bring these species back to reintroduce to the wild will be as bad as making animals go extinct . 
  we see what happens when fish from one ocean go to another and wipe out the local population because of human shipping , but bringing extinct animals back is perfectly fine ? 
  wake up , there is no difference . 
  if it died , it cant survive , that 's the law of nature, 
  when will humans learn , one species dies another takes it 's place . 
  animals go extinct for a reason , i mean i do n't see anybody bringing back the dodo or the giant tortoise ( which was known for being very tasty btw ) . 
  why bring this old ass cow back nearly 500 years later ? 
  how can you say `` leaving was the best idea '' when nothing has actually changed ? 
  saying `` we have n't left yet '' is factually sound because we have n't , nothing has changed , we are still bound by eu laws and still go to their meetings until at least march . 
  so saying `` brexit was a success , suck it remainers '' is just lying to people and taking whatever they can get to make ignorant people thing the vote was a good thing . 
  we can not see if it was a good or bad thing yet until we trigger article 50 !, 
   i hope europe will be strong enough to weather this age ... well the usa is falling apart but the eu is looking to build a military ... pretty sure europe will be fine has been for 1000 years, 
  basically she writes it , it 's looked over and approved , at the end of the day she knows how to write her speeches so it 's probably got to a `` we really do n't need to do this but i guess i have to check just in case '' . 
  your post does n't stay the same as i was n't talking about those who voted those who voted leave , just the shitheads that used it as an excuse to openly attack foreigners and hurl abuse . 
  and yes i am aware the media had a hand in spreading that , however the media is also full of shit heads , they helped spread that kind of thought . 
  well i was , then we had the news about people being abused because they are of foreign origin . 
  basically they where given a stage and they took it and soured the image of the uk , we was able to hide those assholes before but they got emboldened with the vote . 
  dislike of the eu was well known so that was n't exactly souring our image . 
  you clearly can not read , i said the majority of people are fine , you seem to think i call the majority shitheads .
