  the sooner the uk is out , the faster we 'll make the eu works as it should . 
  that was from a french person on the northern ireland issue . 
  i have no problems with the french , i like em , my mum does n't tho . 
   im amused that many britsfeel hard done by having been slagging off the greeks as retarded for ages or syrians or muslims or romanians or whatever . 
  it is rather ironic is n't it ? 
  i keep this in mind when somebody takes the piss out of brits , i was n't involved so i do n't take it personally and laugh at the hypocrites who complain later . 
  where is that stiff upper lip ? 
  c'mon keep calm and carry on all that . 
  realize that nothing is personal it 's just easier to critisize a group of group when you do n't have a personal target . 
  it 's easier said than done i assure you . 
  i am aware you get some people who tell all brits to shut up ( the frenches mostly ) but tell em to stick a croissant up their ass and move on . 
  i voted in and im stuck on a zero hour contract . 
  im working my ass off and my earnings are going down . 
  fuck this . 
  she destroyed the north, 
  same , i work with latvians and it was a tad awkward once the vote result came out . 
  thankfully we get on with them , just asked them what did they think and they said they have paper work to stay regardless . 
  hey insults everywhere , lovely , your points are always correct when you insult somebody !!, 
  also yes im proud , despite saying i was n't but hey reading is hard , i understand . 
  corbyn i did n't agree with to begin with mostly because of his stance of the falklands , then lying about the `` no train seats '' thing and a few other of his stances make him unelectable for me . 
  may was shit in her last position pressing hard to strip any freedoms she could , she was on the remain side but now she 's on the leave side , people forget that , she 's an opportunist , not a bad thing but if you flip from side to side then you ca n't be trusted at all . 
  farage may have been right about somethings in the eu but his blind hatred of the eu and eu free movement and foreigners taking our jobs ... despite having a german secretary ( his wife ) makes him somebody i do n't like at all ( oh hey i know something about the man , am i a bigoted idiot now ? ), 
  edit : there are good sides and bad sides to the eu but he and every tabloid in the country bar 1 said there is nothing good about the eu , lies where told to get the win , helped by ukip ... how is that a good thing ? 
  i am rather informed on the political leaders and i do n't like any of them , i had the same opinion of them now i did years ago i never wanted the current crop in power , sadly we have may in now . 
  do n't tell me what i do not know unless i say something so obviously wrong you need to correct me , rather than judge me on what i do or do n't want to read . 
  you do n't know what i actually know , so you are assuming and that 's worse than deciding that i did n't want to read one bloody article . 
  who said i am proud , i choose not to follow somebody i do n't really like in the news , how is this a problem ? 
  i got sick of politics a while ago and i wo n't be voting in the next general election because i do n't like anybody at the head of either party , i know enough about them to make that decision . 
  i got ta ask what exactly have i missed about farage for people to get on my back ? 
  he 's a hypocrite and a liar like every other politician , claims there are no good sides to the eu and campaigned to leave with dishonest information . 
  so i did n't read this article , big whoop , what did i miss ? 
  is he the best politician in the uk now or something ? 
  he could n't even get elected in his own constituency for crying out loud !, 
  i do n't give ukip the time of day so why would i read the article ? 
  all i know is farage is back in the party in some form after he left for the 2nd time . 
  aslong as he is in the party he 'll be in the news . 
  god , we ca n't get rid of this asshole can we ? 
  it 's the older generation if anything , they 'll vanish eventually . 
  people are taught what gender to be ? 
  is this something like telling a tomboy to act for feminine ? 
  it 's not my fault or the fault of anybody else that the eu even bent to the demands of britain in the first place . 
  but again , you talk about being sick of britain and it 's special treatment and yet your country forces the eu parliament to move to strasbourg from time to time or you will cry fowl and leave . 
  go throw your dummy out somewhere else . 
  the uk and ireland already control who goes between 2 nations , eu migrants can not legally go between both nations because no shengan agreement . 
  if they go to ireland they ca n't go through it to the uk and vise-versa . 
  it will , if the uk rejoined europe and the eu became an actual country in it 's own right it 'll reunite but that wo n't be for a while . 
   if it become unbearable for n. ireland to be splitted , they will be able to declare independance and/or reunite with ireland if they so desire i guess . 
  so you think it 's perfectly fine to force a group of peoples to leave the country that they chose to stay with 100 years ago and say `` stfu and just join the guys you fought against so we do n't have to put up with you anymore '' ? 
  funny how people react to these things when it is n't their own country involved . 
  ireland and britain had it 's own special arrangements before the eu turned up and those agreements are in place because it was a deal struck to help n.ireland heal after the war and the troubles . 
  the fear is if it changes then all that progress maybe lost , this is 2 different countries with special connections between it 's people for 800 years wanting to stay connected to each other as well . 
  we are not considered foreign to each other . 
  the eu has a bunch of special treatments for countries , like france and it 's agriculture industry , why ca n't it allow n.ireland , ireland and the uk to continue with it 's own pre-dating eu special agreements ? 
  the uk and ireland are strict with border control and stayed out of shengen already so it 's not that crazy to believe it can continue , eu immigrants can not go between them already . 
  so we are accepting all the laws that we have with the eu ( so much for taking back control ) except a few in the ec act ? . 
  why did we leave then ? 
  nothing is actually changing except we will no longer be in the eu , the single market and lose 28 countries to trade with . 
  i have no idea , we have 4 different flags from each country , the union flag and as you say the royal standard plus the ones the navy flies . 
  who even knows at this point . 
  to be fair the union jack ( only for the navy btw it 's actually the union flag ) while considered the official flag of the uk is actually not the official flag , the uk does n't have one . 
  found that out during the independence debate when it came to the potential changing of the flag . 
  we are an odd country haha, 
  maybe im messing up the idea of people saying `` the country of scotland '' and the correct definition of `` country '' i never heard the `` region of scotland '' . 
  it 's internationally recognized as a country like england and wales are , so why ca n't we call it a country ? 
  being independent is not really a prerequisite to the title . 
  the uk is a country of countries 4 , it 's political union of england and scotland , wales despite being annexed now exists and is considered a country in it 's own right even if english laws apply to it and n.ireland is what is left over from the political union with ireland . 
  each country can leave if they choose to do so by referendum , they control their own tourism , healthcare , education and taxes to some degree and have their own parliaments and capital cities . 
  people seem to forget yes there are 4 countries the smallest 3 combined is less than 10 million , england has the other 50 + million people so it only makes sense for england to be calling the shots while the other 3 are there to give advice . 
  of course scotland has been able to keep labour in power for a long time so they had a large say in uk politics considering it 's size . 
  well unfortunately science does n't favour american 's very well in that area either . 
  they can get air in them , mine used to do it a lot . 
  the water heats up , it 's not actually hot water until you turn it on . 
  i went to canada in december last year thats how i found this out after intense debate with somebody who said i was wrong . 
  brits have the biggest pints between us and north america, 
   pints ( you use these ? ), 
  they do , canada does too however a half pint is exactly that but a full pint is less than a british pint and smaller than 2 half pints poured into a pint glass . 
  fucking odd balls over there got pints wrong somehow !, 
  something i always find interesting , people are saying how great things are since the vote and how the scaremonger and project fear was lies . 
  the problem is ... . all that stuff was predicted following britains exit from the eu and we have n't left yet . 
  immigrants breed like rabbits so ... 
  you mean do it in a country that has the symbol banned ? 
  good call !, 
  people need to get a grip , it 's temporary whats the big deal exactly ? 
  i like that britain is so attached to it 's history and celebrates it and respects it , however stuff like this should not be considered `` disrespectful '' , it 's making money for who ever owns and works on the land , why is that a bad thing ? 
  looking it up i was wrong , the anti german sentiment was ruining the popularity of the breed so the name was changed . 
  i guess you could say it was the dog version of the monarch who changed their name during the war cutting their german ties to stay popular . 
  look like a cousin to the [ saint bernard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st._bernard_ ( dog ) ), 
  nah ours run in circles and arks around the sheep to herd them into certain directions , if you saw one on the street with it 's owner you 'll see the dog arking along the path changing direction all the time . 
  it 's odd but that 's what it 's breed is bred to do for the job , it comes to them naturally . 
  alsatian in the uk , the name was changed to go away from german sheppard during the world wars , i think people where killing them so the name changed . 
  those guys can run all day and they you can tell they a bred for the job , they always run/walk in arks as if they are herding sheep even if they are a house pet . 
  incredible dogs . 
  yea i heard somebody say that they talked to somebody in the military around the time of the war saying that once britain got it 's military machine moving it would win the war easily . 
  so maybe you are right , your comment  we also do not believe that the argentines would fare well in a full-scale naval engagement with the british , particularly in view of the nature of the forces the british are preparing to send to the falklands . 
  seems to line up with what i heard from somebody else , from i read from the wikipedia page too britain seemed to throw everything it could into the fight to sway the odds in it 's favour as much as possible . 
  a lot of allies stepped up to help . 
  [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falklands_war#british_task_force] ( the retaking of the falkland islands was considered extremely difficult . 
  the u.s. navy considered a successful counter-invasion by the british '' ... a military impossibility . ), 
   you had access to much better intelligence on what argentina was up to than they you . 
  yet ironically the uk had no maps at all to find the island , they literally turned a map upside down and headed to the north pole when they did the bombing raid xd i mean seriously , we just blew caution to wind for that that war and said fuck it and actually won . . also i went to bed , sorry for the late reply .
