  `` in order to be popular , you had to be good at games '' a person 's performance in a game ; a person 's standard of play . 
  `` rooks attempted to raise his game to another level '' 2 . an activity that one engages in for amusement . 
  `` a computer game '' synonyms : pastime , diversion , entertainment , amusement , distraction , divertissement , recreation , sport , activity , leisure activity ; more frolic , romp , source of fun `` the children invented a new game '' the equipment for a game , especially a board game or a computer game . 
  `` buy your games and software from us '' 3 . a complete episode or period of play , ending in a final result . 
  `` a baseball game '' a single portion of play forming a scoring unit in a match , especially in tennis . 
  `` then came another ace to set up game , set , and match '' bridge a score of 100 points for tricks bid and made ( the best of three games constituting a rubber ) . 
  4 . informal a type of activity or business regarded as a game . 
  `` he was in the restaurant game for the glamour '' a secret and clever plan or trick . 
  `` i was on to his little game '' synonyms : scheme , plot , ploy , stratagem , strategy , gambit , cunning plan , master plan , grand design , crafty designs , tactics ; more trick , artifice , device , manoeuvre , wile , dodge , ruse , machination , contrivance , subterfuge ; informalcon , set-up , scam ; informalwheeze ; archaicshift `` i spoiled his little game '' 5 . wild mammals or birds hunted for sport or food . 
  `` they hunted game in alaska '' the flesh of wild mammals or birds , used as food . 
  `` a game pie '' synonyms : wild animals , wild fowl , big game ; more quarry , prey `` he spent his time shooting game in the parks '' adjective adjective : game ; comparative adjective : gamer ; superlative adjective : gamest 1 . eager or willing to do something new or challenging . 
  `` they were game for anything '' synonyms : brave , courageous , valiant , plucky , bold , intrepid , stout-hearted , lionhearted , unafraid , daring , dashing , spirited , mettlesome ; more fearless , dauntless , undaunted , unblenching , unflinching ; informalgutsy , spunky , ballsy ; rareventurous `` they were n't game enough to join in '' willing , favourably inclined , prepared , disposed , in the mood , of a mind , desirous , eager , keen , interested , enthusiastic , ready `` i need a bit of help -- are you game ? '', 
  antonyms : timid , unwilling verb verb : game ; 3rd person present : games ; past tense : gamed ; past participle : gamed ; gerund or present participle : gaming 1 . play at games of chance for money . 
  `` a gaming machine '' synonyms : gamble , bet , place bets , lay bets , wager , stake money ; more informalhave a flutter , punt `` they were drinking and gaming all evening '' play video or computer games . 
  `` the next generation of gaming consoles '' 2 . manipulate ( a situation ) , typically in a way that is unfair or unscrupulous . 
  `` it was very easy for a few big companies to game the system '', 
  and it is also my contention that while genocide was not in fact committed , what happened during and as a result of the clearances had the look of genocide to a great many irish ... '' quote from your link btw, 
  historians and others argue against the word being applied because it was n't done with intent only ignorance of the situation . 
  `` it shows signs of genocide but is not considered genocide '' . 
  considering the heading of that part is `` genocide question '' is more than enough to suggest that few people consider it to be genocide for it to be one . 
  if most people agreed then you bet it would be considered that but they do n't so it 's not . 
  britain never went out with the intent to murder the vast majority of the population , that is genocide ffs . 
  is somebody who shoots up a school and kills 10 people committing genocide or mass murder ? 
  your working with a stupidly loose definition of genocide , hell with your definition you could apply it to ww1 and ww2 because nations where hell bent on killing anybody from the other side in as large numbers as they deemed necessary . 
  you may think my view of it is strict but most historians work from the same definition , britain never went out to kill people under its rule unless those people killed first and even then aimed to kill those responsible not just random people if they could get away with it . 
  the mau mau rebellions and torture was like vietnam and the taliban , they could n't work out who was who so did it to a large portion of the population . 
  ( only vietnam was far worse and most of those deaths where intentional ) many died yes , was it intentional ? 
  no that was never the point , the goal was to get information that would help put down the rebellion not murder innocent civilians . 
  and to play your silly little game that means nothing at all . 
  do you mean the shooting kind of game or playing a game ... game ? 
  [ genocide is the systematic elimination of all or a significant part of a racial , ethnic , religious , or national group ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide ), 
  genocide by definition is to intentionally and systematically kill a majority of a particular group with the aim to make that group extinct . 
  torture is not killing somebody so that can not be consider genocide , i wo n't disagree people died but it 's not genocide . 
  the fact that you are changing the definition to suit your opinion does n't make it fact , so stop trying to force your opinion on other people and trying to present it as fact . 
  no idea but you could say the same about the irish famine that government was told about it and did nothing about it . 
  nobody is calling that a genocide , also keep in mind india was controlled by a company not the british government , the government took over in 1870 i think because the east india company was causing too many problems that required military force from the government despite the company having it 's own army but refused to use it . 
  massacre 's and famines stopped when the government took over , coporate greed rather than the fault of a particular country . 
  not a genocide either , are you guys even trying ? 
  a famine is n't genocide , there was no intentional plan to kill off a majority of the population . 
  famine 's happen because of a mix of logistical fuck ups and nature going bonkers for some reason . 
  we invaded 95 % of the world and won 99 % of our wars , i do n't think britain can say much in the war department . 
  also churchill wanted a war with the ussr 3 months after the end of ww2 and was kicked out of power . 
  really ? 
  i did n't even get that !, 
  i got ; 1 . egyptions 2 . 
  romans 3 . 
  war or the roses 5 . tudors and stuarts 6 . 
  ww1 ( without a mention of empires of any nation ) 7 . 
  ww2 ( without a mention of empires of any nation ) 8 . 
  american great depression 9 . 
  vietnam war 10 . 
  cold war i took gcse history as well , no wonder i failed because what i was taught was heavily censored . 
  what did the french do in 1066 ? 
  i do n't recall britain causing genocide . 
  you feel uneasy about killing a redcoat ? 
  if i go up against a british enemy i just think `` huh , was easier than i expected , i thought we was tough ... oh well '', 
  personally i feel they should stay , it 's part of their history and should be a reminder of how bad they had it in the past and not a celebration of the man or former colonial master . 
  i think germany is at the top being the largest economy , ca n't remember though . 
  our choice of police was born from the concept of `` they are not the army and to stop people being scared they will not carry guns and have blue , not red uniforms '' . 
  america 's concept was `` you have the right to bare arms , so our police are forced to be more heavily armed than the criminals '' ... which have now turned into a military in it 's own right . 
  funny how that worked out , the america police the exact opposite of what britain wanted , so i do it 's fare to compare . 
  we are the only species on this planet that want our `` young '' to stay young as long as possible . 
  why the hell should legal adults `` technically children under this idea because stupid people '' stay in care ? 
  they can get a house and live on their own or with other people while getting benefits and potentially a job . 
  we all know how bad it is for kids in care getting mistreated and being messed up in the head from mental abuse , another 7 years will just make it worse !, 
  i hate that mumsnet is even a thing people listen to , they know nothing about the internet themselves even if they do use a forum . 
  i literally tried typing in sex in google `` the word kids use to find porn apparently '' and all you get is sex education sites , type in penis or boobs and you get sex education sites . 
  you have to be specific such as `` naked '' or use the word `` porn '' with safe search off to get anything , but alas morons have no idea and think it 's as easy as blinking . 
  erm , if you do n't pay tax you do n't pay to the nhs , it 's not forced , in fact even if you pay tax your do n't need to pay national insurance . 
  that 's not a problem with the taxes , it 's the problem with the system . 
  i know exactly what you are talking about , but if the people stood up and did something about it then the problem would be fixed in a more balanced way , not perfect but more balanced at least . 
  problem is , people decide not to and start avoiding taxes which could land them in jail . 
  you would be hard pressed to find anybody in the uk who think paying tax to fund the nhs a bad idea , tv license ... sure but we hate taxes because of how many there are and from times how much they take . 
  nobody actually cares about paying tax , just the amount and reason for it . 
  i am aware they legalized it , how many of the backbenchers did n't want to though ? 
  cameron got it legalized through parliamentary vote not a party vote . 
  also the christian values thing can be seen in the porn block `` the human body is horrible and must not be seen , also showing people doing certain natural things must not be filmed in the uk '' . 
  seriously we are still treating the human body like the bloody devil , something religion has been happy to preach for centuries now . 
  remember that christian value of the masturbation ban ? 
  lovely stuff . 
  i do n't think any party would get away with less than 2 % , this nation values it 's military a great deal . 
  dude , the tories are still a bunch of tossers that want us to be back in the victorian times . 
  trying to force transitional christian values on everybody and the whole `` we do n't know how to use the internet so we want to break it '' attitude . 
  right so your another `` it 's legal theft '' person . 
  would love to see how you people would cope in a world with no tax , every man for himself , such a shame anarchy is an impossible thing to achieve for you guys . 
  so asking people to make sure they use ways that allow the government to check income and take the necessary taxes = violence . 
  also loving taxes and understanding they are needed are not the same thing . 
  well your a pretty shoddy one if you are preaching not to pay taxes and ca n't even give me a convincing reason . 
  money that goes to the government gets spread out amongst the people , no functioning government = no functioning society , infrastructure will be damaged with nobody to fix it , imports stop , laws do n't get passed , criminals can not be locked up because the police do n't get payed as well as 1000 other things . 
  even the army is payed by the government so your kissing goodbye to your security and saying the military or their families do n't deserve to be payed , fire fighters to stop fires which left alone could ruin the lively hood of the very shop keeper you just allowed to avoid tax . 
  the problem is you do n't think about what tax does so you just think it 's pointless and is theft . 
  do some research and think . 
  politicians have as much power as the people allow , in the uk we can kick out both our prime minister and our royal family if we want , both sides have control of an arm of the armed forces ( queen has the navy and air force , westminister has the army ) . 
  if you think the government has gone too far , do something about it . 
  so ... if you want a road you can build it then instead of waiting for your council to do it ? 
  if you want your rented house fixed you should fix it yourself instead of the legal requirement of your land lord to fix it for free . 
  3 ... seriously ? 
  you do n't think the government needs employees ? 
  since the dawn of man every tribe has had a hierarchy , the leader has somebody below them to make things easier to run , that 's what a government is . 
  a tribe with a leader on top and to managed 20 million people they hire people to manage certain area 's to make things easier and smooth to run .
