  britain got rid of the power that the head of state held so only a pm would have the power and they are elected . 
   often phrased as `` elective dictatorship '' . 
  it worked for the romans during the republic days , we made it work for 1000 years , probably because we took power from the head of state . 
  that 's it 's purpose , 
  the uk parliament talks to the speaker to avoid direct confrontation and confrontational language . 
  a bit like a dog , if it can train it 's aggression it will be aggressive , talking to the speaker is like blocking it 's view . 
  it helps keep the debates constructive . 
  fun fact , the uk parliament is built to encourage fighting . 
  hen is a name for a female chicken ... so ... lrn2english, 
  how was all of this worked out ? 
  also the smoking , ecigs stuff is kinda dumb , we are less free because we are trying to make the air safer for non smokers ... but are more free because we let people carry on disgusting habits so companies can get rich . 
  huh ? 
  wear it or get stoned to death . 
  work or get tortured/raped/limbs chopped off/killed . 
  yea i can see the resemblance . 
  wtf un ... why not just side with argentina on the falkland dispute instead of pulling this stunt . 
  neither will matter but at least your not beating around the bush . 
  explains the yellow snow . 
  it 's a british arctic flagship of the arctic explorers fleet , not of the royal navy . 
  people always forget about the navy , the navy would have blocked the invasion regardless if the raf lost . 
  you 'll dispute it because `` bombs '' but they where in accurate and exactly why it 's disputed so even i am not saying it 's fact , im just saying it was n't pure luck . 
  swimming pools ... . the fuck . 
  for clarification they are called public baths in the uk or swimming baths so i wanted to make sure i got the correct thing . 
  lucky how ? 
  it 's still a hot topic of debate if britain could have been invaded or not by germany . 
  no real answer , all we have is what happened . 
  yea ... we kicked ass . 
  wow really ? 
  though to be fair they where probably fading out ? 
  it makes more sense to have them while fading out than having them come back into service . 
  then again these days we have women only taxi 's and stuff so , we ca n't really talk :(, 
  if that was over here it would be welcomed and applauded ... 
  to be honest , there should be then shit like this wo n't be a thing . 
   segregated bathing pools if you mean the kind pools that you are naked and bathe in , then sure that 's normal . 
  if you mean swimming pools then that 's just stupid . 
  erm ... no ? 
  not been that way for about 80 years mate . 
  hello 1960 's long time no see , how 's it been ? 
  were we involved in those ? 
  i 'll hold my hands up , i am ignorant of those wars , did n't know they happened . 
  well , i know about the collapse of russia and rise of the ussr was between the wars ( but that 's obvious ) but do n't know if we had a hand in that pie . 
  not that time no . 
  help with what ? 
  fighting the irish ? 
  you do n't carpet bomb a town and expect the public to help you out afterwards . 
  case in point , the british army walked into a full stadium and shot into a crowd 60 years later , see how well that turned out . 
  the rebellion ended with public favour staying strong for britain after it gave ireland a legal way to grab it 's independence if it wanted to go that route . 
  the troubles tarnished that . 
  to keep public opinion on the british side and because it was n't an army vs army but a rebellion , guerilla warfare . 
  it 's why the british had it so hard in the 13 colonies . 
  you had 2 weeks until you would be forced to surrender ... you got lucky . 
  stating a fact gets downvotes ? 
  got it , im gon na start lying out my ass to see where that gets me . 
  afterwards ? 
  appetite for war is lower and the military is getting scaled back and the nation is bankrupt . 
  america tried in 1812 and got it 's ass handed to em and britain was in a the middle of a continental war , it 's navy blockaded both france and the east coast of the usa . 
  america thought the same ... twice . 
  both of those wars and ireland got it wrong , they almost got crushed . 
  3 european empires helped the colonies to get independence . 
  1812 , the canada was defended and the white house burned down . 
  1916 , the irish almost lost but the uk surprised them with asking for peace . 
  you was rebelling against a country , next door ( and garrisoned troops ) with a army at it 's peak was 4 million strong as well as building tanks . 
  ireland was outmatched . 
  i can only imagine there was a public outcry or something that shifted the opinion of the government to offer peace and independence . 
  they had 2 weeks of supplies before they would 've had to surrender , they was surprised when the uk offered peace . 
  the uprising amused me with 1 detail . 
  ireland decided to rebel ... in the middle of ww1 ... against the greatest empire on earth ... . with it 's war machine in total war mode ... at it 's military peak . 
  could you have picked a worse time to do that ? 
  they built a dreadnought ? 
  fuck it lets go the pub and we 'll rebel tomorrow !, 
  fuck knows why i am getting downvoted . . 
  first off my example was in response to the other guy saying r/europe is an echo chamber so he clearly thought i was getting my information from this subreddit , i said all of that to disprove that . 
  also if you want proof , look it up , there is plenty of examples of people getting `` offended '' and not allowing christians to practice their religion , for example a crew member on a british airways flight was asked to remove her cross because it offended the muslim woman who asked her to remove it ... but she was wearing her head cloth which is a sign of her religion . 
  i have no idea why you need me to provide you proof , if you read any news you should know plenty of examples . 
  and believe me the nation becoming less religious has nothing to do with the nativity play being canceled , more muslims are in our schools ( no complaints here btw , kids are not to blame ) but the parents complain or the school is scared of being sued so they stop it . 
  oh and if you want the ultimate proof of how badly muslims hate christians ... look at the christians in the middle east , they are getting hunted down and either converted ( to survive ) or killed . 
  i am aware it 's not all muslims , just the intolerant ones that cause all this , they are a minority but a loud one and our pc government and society is shit scared of them . 
  you are using your own experiences to call me a liar ? 
  `` what i think you 're doing is making the typical mong right leaner mong '' i do n't lean in any way to any political party or side . 
  people still say merry christmas but political correctness says you can not say it and must use happy holidays , listen to any advertisement during christmas and it 's `` happy holidays '' but they will stay say something like `` this christmas '' a lot of primary schools do n't even do the nativity either , you must be living under a rock if you did n't know this . 
  the loud minority ruin it for the majority . 
  i made this account 2 years ago , i found r/europe 1 year ago . 
  i have had ... what ? 
  24 years outside of reddit , i go on youtube , i used to go on gaming forums , i also read a lot of news and discuss things with people in person . 
  i am also in a completely different country to you , i had this discussion with a canadian , just because it 's not the same in your country , it does n't mean it 's the same everywhere . 
  i posted a link to prove that easter was taken off the packaging , easter is a religious holiday for christians , in theory now `` easter '' has been taken off the eggs they can be sold all around the year . 
  but they will be exclusive to easter . 
  or at least between christmas and easter in some shops . 
  so that 's all the evidence you need . 
  no merry christmas around christmas time so you do n't offend people , no happy easter around easter . 
  it 's common sense . 
  a lot of non religious people buy easter eggs , it 's a giant chocolate egg , who gives a fuck what it 's for ? 
  non religious people celebrate christmas because presents !!!, 
  christmas dinner !!!, 
  the fact that you ca n't say merry christmas and instead say happy holidays shows that this stuff is changing to stop people getting offended , it 's been fine for 100 years ... suddenly in the last 5-10 year 's its been changing . 
  what 's changed in that time ? 
  immigrants and political correctness . 
  [ nope ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/12200926/easter-quietly-dropped-from-easter-eggs.html ), 
  because that 's all they hear from the media to be vigilant , be aware , do n't do this , do n't do that , be afraid . 
  the media is supposed to inform but now it 's like religion , it tells you what you should think and do .
