  so get a grip . 
  but then it can also make your country slow to change and could hinder it . 
  imagine the uk and america with a government like switzerland ... we would be fucked , our economies and societies are fast moving and the government needs to move along with it . 
   free immigration area , schengen zone last i checked they got rid of these a while ago . 
  uk ftw !, 
  who the fuck is asos ? 
  you and me both , they where the pride of britain , now we get crap american planes that do n't work, 
  i find it funny brits like to ask why our men should die for europe when most of europe is in nato already , instead of 28 nato counties it would be usa , canada and eu, 
  wow , lower than i expected , unfortunately that situation is a direct consequence of have britain as your neighbour , he 'll i wo n't be surprised if the soldiers in ni out number their republic counterparts, 
  well ... this is awkward, 
  by land do you mean stopping on it or crashing and sliding into the ocean ? 
  because we can do the latter, 
  unlikely to be attacked yes but the irish joining the british military would probably outnumber the current irish army , which is kinda funny :p, 
  they where going to unite to get enough strength to take the suez canal and when you told britain off then the deal fell through because it was n't necessary anymore . 
  also britain and france suggested it to each other at least twice each , france suggested being a commonwealth nation at one point . 
  we 'll if you are good for christmas we may let you play with our spare aircraft carrier . 
  without the planes and keys tho . 
  we signed that agreement like 2 years ago , hardly pissing it away . 
  also france is sucking up to you guys to try and replace the uk . 
  remember we said no to bombing syria , washington panicked , france said they 'll bomb syria and you guys just blanked em . 
   retreat into countryside and wait for the brits to arrive is the proper answer there , we 're bro 's remember . 
  why not ? 
  they did twice before in a 2 world wars ... are you seriously telling me they wo n't help the uk ? 
  they did n't have to fight last time , they did so independently so they 'll do it again . 
  took em 400 years to come around did n't it :p, 
   have n't recognized kosovo 's `` independence . '', 
  the only reason for that is they do n't want their own nation breaking up , if they support it else where , why should they not support tibet breaking off ? 
  they did n't want scotland leaving the uk because of that too . 
  do n't we have a broad military agreement with france such as navy sharing and britain builds nukes but france lets us test them in france as long as we share our research ? 
  plus a joint military unit that must speak english . 
   the uk & france literally gave us no warning that they were going to try & re-claim their colonial empire that day do falling empires really need to give a warning to anybody but each other ? 
  sorry dad !, 
   :( but to be honest , not only did you fuck up the empire revival you put an end to britain and france actually uniting , you done fucked up . 
  oh and we paid you guys back in full for ww1 and ww2 ... 
  you guys probably do n't invest much in your military because of the nuclear power house next door, 
  my mums cousin was stationed in northern ireland my mums dad was from the republic and he held no hostility neither do my family . 
  people need to get over it . 
  counter invasion in the name of defense worked with norway right ? 
  that 's all sorted now and given the respect those soldiers deserved . 
  but yea ireland may want to `` distance itself '' but it 's people still want to fight for britain if ireland is neutral , just like other commonwealth nations . 
  ireland knows no matter what , if the uk falls ireland is next so they help anyway they can while staying `` neutral '' . 
  like keeping hold of the germans that landed in ireland while sending the brits home . 
   aying they have a better track record of standing by us no matter what bullshit we pull than anyone else you wot mate ? 
  pretty much the british way . 
  guess we bombed some sense into you guys after all . 
  you realize the winter will not save russia anymore right ? 
  most western nations train in the arctic waste lands of canada and norway , also the tech will allow supply lines to stretch far into russia plus our allies on the border of russia would help massively . 
  all russia has left is numbers , size and nukes . 
   you need to think who are not historical enemies . 
  not that many with that logic britain has about 9 countries it can be friends with , instead it 's got close ties to most of the world . 
  you claimed germany exists because of you , yet you went to war with them twice . 
  so you somehow saved all of europe , even the nations you went to war with , you guys get even more annoying with this shit . 
  somebody already posted a pie chat , unless that was in r/pcgaming or r/gaming . 
   it 's sad that people are starting to forget that anyone ever died for france at all . 
  only american suits , everybody who has half a brain knows france fought in ww1 beginning to end . 
  across the atlantic they know very little because of their small contribution . 
  nah , america has a monopoly on the good ones . 
  the rn is always giving out it 's archives and wg say the rn is coming , hood and all . 
  i dunno the indians actually like the british the the british treated the indian troops well , there where demands that the troops wanted ( their local food on campaign ) so the british got supplies from india to europe specifically to feed the indian forces to keep their moral high . 
  the generals who led them where also fluent in indian and apparently they where the strongest units early on in the war , until the generals and officers died and got replaced with people who did n't speak indian or give a flying fuck about them . 
  say what you want , but the british knew how to get the best out it 's forces and keep them happy . 
   most people in the west know very little to nothing about it . 
  you underestimate european history education , we all learn about ww1 and are acutely aware it lead to ww2 , just because america lacks education on it does n't mean `` the west '' does . 
  there , there portugal , you can play as the uk  that 's a good ally, 
  `` special treatment '' is just damage control , the time and effort they put into the american side could have been given to the french side instead . 
  still waiting on the royal navy in world of warships ... how can you not have the royal navy in a game about warships :( load of bollocks really . 
  ww1 took part largely in france and the french suffered massively , more french died in 1 battle than all of america 's deaths in the whole war , yet they get left out . 
  if anything the american 's should be left out the game but they got ta sell the game somehow to the american audience . 
  looks like the anger from a while back was right , why the fuck is the usa prioritized over fucking france !!, 
  i seem to recall them being on the other side of you guys bombing them ... 
  basically , the less money the teams bring in , the better they play , which is why england is amazing in rugby league but suck balls in football and why womens football is better than mens . 
  the one thing about rugby league i am proud of is the community around the sport . 
  i come from st.helens and our rivals kinda ruined our brand new stadium but at the end of the day , the rivalry is the fiercest in the sport but very little fighting compared to football . 
  rugby league grand finals in the uk have fighting because football `` fans '' come to `` watch '' but use it as an excuse to drink heavily and start fights . 
  it was actually discovered that the british respect the british police because the police defuse the situation and not throw in tear gas straight away . 
  british police have been stationed in a few favourite tourist places for brits and the amount of trouble went down , so this time you can blame the french police for that mess . 
  there is a reason the uk sent police over , to help deal with the english . 
  ireland has a # 2 trillion economy ? 
  alright . 
  im neither of those and im a remainer . . 
  the pro independents fell for the emotional argument not the logical one . 
  i agree with most of that , i do n't think scotland will get another referendum and i do n't agree that they should not so soon anyway . 
  but i am voting to remain in the eu because the government is trying to erode our rights and the eu is stopping them , the porn block for example was slammed by the eu and was forced to change it . 
  the eu maybe undemocratic in the fact that only governments pick the leader not the people of europe but they are more for the people than tories and they have proven this by head locking major companies into following european laws and protecting consumer rights . 
  i am all for it because national governments bend to major companies far too much to be representative of the people . 
  no but the eu is clamping down on poland for a reason , your government is rather extreme now . 
  what is `` the hour '' ? 
  i am only 26 so i assume i missed it by a few years . 
  i mean it 's retarded it 's still used to sell independence to scotland despite the uk saying no you ca n't use it . 
  i did mention 1952 so i was confused when you mentioned the war, 
  what huge war ? 
  the idea to join was because of the suez canal crisis , it stopped because of america telling the uk to stop or be hit with economic sanctions . 
  the idea was for britain and france to unite to stay powerful after losing their empires but the end of the suez canal crisis stopped it happening as that was the reason it was being considered in the first place . 
   t 's pretty dumb to keep trying , instead of finding a more appropriate solution . 
  our foriegn policy for hundreds of years was to stop europe being united , so what other solution could you think of ? 
  stay out of it and let them unite and then complain decades later about the risk of invasion ? 
  or we could be part of that union and using our influence to improve things for ourselves as well as europe ? 
  we can all play monopoly on our own but it 's better with friends and you always have one that goes bankrupt fast ... in this case , greece :p not gon na lie ... i just put the monopoly thing just because i thought it was funny and im proud i made a monopoly joke match a real life thing , 
   however the contrary argument that this has been tried and has not been very successful is again tricky to beat . 
  nobody listens to the loud kid at the back of class mate , how can you have a tantrum then expect everybody to listen to you ?
