  not allowed to arrest them after being filmed unless they do something to warrant it . 
  it sucks but thats the way our country works, 
  hell wo n't come to europe , if anything europe will bring hell to whatever idiot decides they want to awaken the sleeping giant . 
  sports segregate on atheletic ability it just so happens that it falls down gender lines too , a male rugby team would seriously hurt a womens rugby team for example . 
  well a danish government member said it , happy ? 
  do n't look at me , its what denmark was qouted as saying . 
  ... port ? 
  thought you said australian navy and got confused when you said land locked xd, 
  i love seeing all those warships and subs and little ol hms victory in the corner . 
  fun fact everyone in the navy is tied to a ship , if you are not on deployment then you are part of hms victory 's crew until reassigned . 
  [ military_of_the_european_union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union#expenditure_and_personnel ) i would love to post the american version but it 's split into 4-5 different branches in wikipedia ( 2016 ) while europe is 1 but ( 2014 ) numbers . 
  nato is purely defensive but can take offensive missions if un sanctions allow in which any nation can choose to take part . 
  a lot of european nations , well the smaller ones question why does it have to be british and american 's dying for a cause all europeans should be fighting for . 
  easy for you to say , you have a treaty with britain to come help you guys out who happens to be good friends with america . 
  i honestly could , it depends on the context though . 
  remember if america is the agressor then nato demands we protect europe unless we had a hitler 2.0 going on then it would be someone in europe declaring war . 
  i would recommend not underestermating the uk , as a nation is has done the impossible many times such as holding the record for the greatest air strike in history and holding the record of the largest empire in history . 
  germany held off the world , twice with britain and france joining forces once and ussr , usa and the british empire the 2nd time , plus france being a military pedigree . 
  they are the big 3 in europe , they match america in tech and surpass in training in some cases ... combined with 24 other nations , america is in for a bad day when it only has the ability to transport less than half it 's military force across the atlantic and even less after fighting the navy and air forces of europe . 
   i think it is . 
  there was kind of a revolution in military developments over the last 30 years due to advancements in technology and european militaries did n't really keep up with the us . 
  europe is a sleeping giant , it does n't want to fight , it did n't want to fight another world war after 1918 , have a look at what happens when they are forced to fight , another world war bigger than the first . 
  europe has lost it 's appetiete does n't mean it has lost it 's ability to wage total war and the most important thing to happen since 1945 is all the european nations militaries have trained together and closely linked , given half a chance to go into total war mode and america does n't stand a chance without using nuclear weapons . 
  you can not judge capability properly without having those forces going head to head , you can only assume . 
   you 're kidding , right ? 
  all the eu countries together , including the uk , have just 2000 combat aircraft . 
  the us has 3500 , and that 's before considering force multipliers , if fighting on european soil you forget the access to land based anti-air which puts the american 's in the underdog seat . 
  oh and if it was america fighting in europe then europe would win hands down , you think you can win with a few planes ? 
  bombing someone then running home is n't a victory . 
  your enemies can take out gps easily enough , try and get a large force across the atlantic ... you might have 6 american carrier groups against the combined might of the european navy , the weakest taking the punches with the most powerful hiding in the back . 
  sink the carriers and those american 's will retreat . 
  strategy is 1000x more effective than pure numbers . 
  if europe wanted to invade america it would fail horribly , if america invaded europe ... yea america would get steam rolled . 
  i looked it up europe and america have equal numbers in military strength spread across different branches but at the end of the day most of europe 's forces are defensive . 
  the thing that people seem to forgetting is that europe has double the man power to call on than the united states . 
  you can also argue that the uk can take on missions the usa dares not to do and that the uk goes `` hey guys you got blah blah blah because we got a mission we wan na do '' and america is like `` you guys are fucking nuts !, 
  take what you need and good luck '' . 
  we are a like an island of special forces for you guys , you just supply us with the shit we need . 
  it got invaded by germany regardless , sometimes you have to fight, 
  well it 's the main reason cctv is such a big thing because it 's perfectly acceptable to be filmed in public . 
  my mum was asked to be interviewed for the opening of a sports match ( they went around local businesses of the teams playing ) and the camera man even though he could see through the door and wall size glass window , he would not enter or film the shop without my mums consent with the camera because the shop is a private building . 
  also the only time you can complain about being used in something is if your face is used in advertisements without your knowledge/consent ( lots of girls find their faces on porn sites without knowing ) because it could have a negative impact on your life or if you do decide it 's fine you should be getting paid for it . 
  ( lots of celebs complain about their likeness being used in games or movies and try and get compensation ), 
  if you are out in public you can use any and all footage you want and nobody can tell you to `` not have this in the video '' because creative freedom is protected under law so the compromise is `` well we can use this and you ca n't stop us without a court order but we will blank out your face because we are nice '' sorta deal . 
  so the guy can shout and threaten and have his name , company and job title released but not his home or work address ( to prevent witch hunts ) and have his face blurred so he can walk down the street without being attacked . 
  however a lot of people just do n't give a fuck and wo n't ask to have their face blurred as they attack the camera crew . 
  all recording and photographs inside a private building must have the owner be made aware it is happening and forms signed , the only time it 's allowed without forms and people being aware is for undercover investigations ( like panorama ) because it is in the public interest to know what bad stuff is going on in businesses they are giving money to . 
  as long as they are in public they can photograph and film anybody and show their face , they have to opt out rather than opt in . 
  so yes they can film you even if you are not aware and use your face in whatever it is they are filming . 
  if you notice them and ask them not to show your face , by law they have to blur you out . 
  at the end of the day , you are in a public place and have no real right to privacy . 
  yup , the uk, 
   it is for example unacceptable , sometimes illegal , to take someone 's picture in public without consent or even publish it . 
  it is legal for anybody to be shown in a picture or video in public however if that person comes up to you and says `` i do n't want my face in that '' then by law they have to blur your face . 
  they did and as you said , the uk and ireland mopped up the wins so they allowed everybody to do what language they wanted and pretty much everyone picks english . 
   it could very easily lead to a succession of inefficient governments that ca n't stay on course . 
  we have been there since blair left . 
   when he married grace kelly ? 
  does mika know ? 
  that 's kinda cringy to watch . 
  i do n't read usernames . 
  they edit the article , i remember posting something at like 6am last year about farage saying call in the army on the jungle in calais , then it got locked and i was warned for editorializing the headline . 
  i realized after that they changed the information and the headline a couple hours later . 
  you can see a `` edited at ( insert time here ) '' at the top of the article . 
  wait ... you want the subreddit to ban the largest and often voted the most trustworthy news organisations in the world ? 
  so we should stick to sketchy sites or something from now on ? 
  depends on how high the stream is . 
  can confirm , i am a ginger guy and i went to anglesey in march a few years ago , i ended up getting heat stroke . 
  fml, 
   killed in stupid misunderstandings . 
   op gives them an order several times and they keep arguing that they should be able to finish their beer on the sidewalk wait your cops shot tourists who wanted to drink beer ? 
  the fuck is wrong with your country ? 
  it should be remembered `` atlantic ocean destroyed the spanish armarda '' you would think this would translate to `` if ships get destroyed then i might die in here '' but apparently not . 
  how dare you !, 
  we rule the waves !!!, 
  ^ send ^ help, 
  have 2 couples in my street who have tanning competitions , last i heard one use cooking oil the other used baby oil to get good tans . 
  they came home black . 
  17 in the north west of england ? 
  no wonder it was so hot at work . 
   the best police in the world who are they ? 
  or are you saying ours are ? 
  had no idea it was st.georges day until i saw googles logo . 
  next to nobody in england remembers . 
  well if you read it  we 'll have universal income plenty of countries are looking into this , think of it as nation wide benefits , companies get taxed 90 % or more ( since they do n't need to pay wages they have a lot of cash to collect ) . 
  that means you 'll be able to do what you want with that money , you could do odd favours for friends or other people for a little extra cash like you do now . 
  the only difference is , you do n't have to get up to work anymore , you can get up at any time and do what ever the hell it is you wan na do . 
  i know the french had the most powerful land army but britain and france have been near equals for centuries , only after napoleon did britain far outmatch france and that 's when it was left uncontested . 
  so my point was in 1817 britain was the most powerful nation in the world . 
  for the record i do n't want the mines back , i want automation and robots to hurry the hell up and take over all the jobs . 
  the sooner we get it done the sooner people can move on with their lives , we 'll have universal income , our health system and benefit systems wo n't be black holes anymore ( one will save money and the other would be made obsolete ) . 
  the more people fight to create the jobs the more it 's going to hurt for everybody . 
  i get older people asking `` what do we do with no job ? '', 
  i always say `` anything you want , that 's the point '' but always get `` but i like to work '' as a response . 
  apparently they do n't realize they can still work without having a paying job . 
   ( france was the by far most powerful country about 200 years ago ) , not even close , 200 years ago napoleon just got beaten and exiled , it 's pax britannica for 100 years right now . 
   maybe civilization would survive a war between two large modern industrial states , but i kinda think it is unlikely . 
  it 'll survive fine , we ca n't fight on the scale of ww1 and 2 anymore , the first person to run out of tanks and jets loses . 
  unless we end up peddling backwards and make things less technologically advanced and go pure numbers again like ww2 . 
   it 's continuing fine without us , how so ?
