  pokeball 's have red on top ... like a voltorb . 
  we learned from our dad the romans , they had it big , we went bigger , dad would be proud . 
  who says im shitting on nasa ? 
  the esa is doing things nasa has n't and after hearing things like projects being canceled and budgets being cut many americans have also said the esa will take over nasa . 
  hell nasa needs russia to send astronauts to space ... 
  better spending means they are not buying things are expensive when they can be bought cheaper or delaying projects so they can receive bigger budgets and stuff like that . 
  ya know , just being stupid with their budget while the esa has multiple nations working on it and more accountable since it 's harder to get all the members to increase the budget if needed . 
  oh ... you have a flag ? 
  erm ... right ... ok ... 
  now 4 in 1 . 
  fair enough ... 
  i guess that money is better spent then ? 
  sorry we got on the wrong bus and ended up in syria . 
   wait , really ? 
  so the defence team thought it would be intelligent to even claim that she did it for this reason : `` hey , i 'm unhappy at home , actually , do you know what , i 'll escape and go to syria , i 'm sure to find happiness if i go and hang out with genocidal maniacs in a war zone ! '', 
  dude how would you feel defending this woman ? 
  lets be honest you would n't really want to give her the best defense , you want her locked up as well but the law says you have to try and defend em . 
  you know who i feel bad for ? 
  the poor bastard in charge of her defense . 
  he has to literally try and convince people that she is n't a terrorist sympathizer and that she is n't trying to brain wash her kid ... no doubt he was happy she was found guilty . 
  being a lawyer sucks the defendant can admit to them they are murders and give all the information and the lawyer is n't allowed to say a damn word and then try and defend the person . 
  how 's that industrial and then digital revolution ? 
  got ta kill a lotta black people to make that happen . 
  somebody had to do it !, 
  this is sarcasm not racism . 
  probably names and borders of the time not today . 
  if you 're going to make an empire you might as well do it right . 
  esa has a bigger budget and bigger brains involved than at nasa so of course esa will take over . 
  still part of the british royal family since they are family so still count . 
  the british monarch is related to the danish one , so why do n't you see them as such ? 
  why is it one or the other for you ? 
  just curious . 
  most of europe was united under 1 flag for a few centuries , which is how i know it will work ... the whole union thing . 
  and yea that 's the perfect example ... ish . 
  she 'll still represent you like charles represents scotland , william represents wales , the queen represents the islands . 
  some have called for williams children to be honoured as australian or canadian to strengthen the connection between the uk and the commonwealth relms . 
  so i do n't see why your queen ca n't have a similar role , just that queen elizabeth ii being the most powerful of her family ( every monarch in europe ) should ideally be the head of state ... after that who knows . 
  and are asking britain would we accept a danish monarch ? 
  yes if the rules of succession pointed to a dain . 
  our current monarch is german , in the past we had dutch and norman, 
  considering the monarchs in europe are family and keep close ties i do n't see why they would n't accept another states monarch as a head of state , the others can act as governors in chief . 
  france still likes monarchs despite beheading their own and germany likes the british royals too ( what could have been ey :p ) , it 's been shown many times and let be honest if a monarch was going to be at the top of the food chain it would be the british one . 
  no other monarch in europe or the world is as powerful as the british one . 
  nah it 'll happen one day , it needs to be natural , right now we are trying to force it because somebody wants to be hailed as the guy to unite europe . 
  you know what i like the sound of ? 
  putting a monarch as the head of of the union and call it `` the united kingdoms of europe '' . 
  many european nations still have a monarchy the largest is the british so that would be something the brits would accept and i imagine most of europe would . 
  europe still holds on to it 's `` glorious '' past which includes royalty many nations still look to the trooping of the colour on the bbc . 
  it also ties in with european history which binds us all together and the name is pretty kick ass honestly . 
  why be the european union or united states of europe when you can be the united kingdom/s of europe . 
  so ... the united states have took over germany again ? 
  if thats the case fine , thats why i asked, 
  being part of the commonwealth i do n't need a visa to get into canada ... so why should canada bend to the eu when it 's not a member ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  we still need one for america after all . 
  i ask you to forgive those who sexually abused you or your children . 
  we ask you to forgive our work houses where women where locked up from birth until death for no reason . 
  yea ... fuck that , fuck the church . 
  the fact of the matter is this union will happen regardless of what happens now , how it is made is a different question . 
  europe has tried empires , invasion and now a quickly rushed `` project '' by politicians . 
  then next attempt comes from neighbours uniting , slowly under 1 flag and absorbing the others 1 at a time instead of 25 nations at once . 
  france and the uk have suggested it many times to each other , it 's only a matter of time one us says `` sure , lets do it '' and i honestly believe if the uk and france unite , you 'll have your european super state . 
  the worlds most powerful rivals becoming the worlds strongest allies and joining together naturally is far stronger and convincing than trying to force a union . 
  last year i worked at a prom and all the girls are between 15-17 and believe me they all looked older than 18 and like models . 
  there is somebody i know who looks 16 and is 24 ... how they look is not the best indicator unless you ask their age . 
  also it 's not wrong to have sex with an adult , the age of consent is a guide line for those under it ... . anybody over 18 is told to stay away though but at the same time there is nothing wrong with a 14 year old dating a 20 year old ( 6 years difference is a problem ? 
  lol ) because it 's not illegal , only sex is illegal , you need to keep the 2 separate . 
   a 15 year old to have sex with a 5 year old , right ? 
  what ? 
  i draw the line at start dating ... maybe sex at 12 ( depending on the person , i know people who had sex at 12 ) upwards , do n't go lower than 12 because at that age you have started puberty and when in puberty you are able to reproduce ... though the lowest age for a mother is currently 9 . 
  i understand 100 % where you are coming from with the age difference but you seem to dismiss that teenagers are people , some are mature , some are not , they can make up their own minds . 
  telling them no will make them go ahead and do it , inform , teach and let them decide . 
  you are correct , my bad . 
  there is no perfect age difference for a happy marriage , it depends on the couple , what is happy for one couple , is not for another . 
  i always think ... when i was like 10 i had a crush on my teacher and then i thought why is it ok for me to have a crush on somebody 10 + years older than me but not the other way around . 
  i just became far more open to the idea ... . to be fair this was a recent revelation i did think it was odd to go backwards in age but i had a good think about it and now im semi-comfortable with the idea :p, 
  if you started dating under the age of 18 and then one of you turns 18 nothing changes . 
  you can start a relationship with a 16 year old when you are 19 and nothing will happen . 
  it 's only tricky if somebody over the age of consent starts dating somebody under it and has sex , then technically that is illegal but dating is n't illegal . 
  now if you are under the age of consent and have dated for like a year and when one of them is 16 and the other is 15 then that is legal . 
  if one is 15 and the other turns 18 but dated for a while the law covers that under the romeo-juliet clause allowing that sort of thing . 
  all context with checks and balances . 
  darkish blue ... means 15 . 
  the uk is 16 for age of consent so should be gold . 
  part of the fun really . 
  i am 25 , had sex with a 18 year old ... have a crush on a 19 year old ... and another crush on a 24 year old who looks 16 ... and was tempted to hook up with a 17 year old because she looked older . 
  life is certainty interesting all of those aside the 24 year old would have people judging me ... correction i 'll get judged because she looks so young xd fuck . 
  that 's why gag 's where invented . 
  nothing ... why ? 
  so a celebrity like john cleese can not be dating somebody 30 years younger than him ( he currently is ) under your rules ? 
  who are you to say how old somebody should be to date some one else ? 
  are you ... are you serious ? 
  the 60 year old is the problem but the girl is n't ? 
  congrats you keeping the idea alive that only men are the problem , thank you very much . 
  a lot of the time those 14-15 year olds approach the adults not the other way around , just saying . 
  plus ... a 25 year old dating a 15 year old is 1 ) not illegal and 2 ) seems creepy sure until you realize a 30 year old dating a 20 year old is not that weird . 
  welcome to society , where anything under 18 is consider creepy to date when in your 20 's . 
  well that map is wrong ... the age of consent in the uk is 16 not 15 . 
  falklands existed before argentina so how is it shaky at best ? 
  falklands are british end of story , if they get a n.ireland type deal then nothing will ever happen , the n.ireland parliament hung and is now controlled from london .
