  war directly saved people in many different ways , life is shit and works in shit ways but sometimes the bad stuff brings out the best of our species . 
  at the end of the day all you can do is look back and think ... was it worth it ? 
  personally i would say yes , our enduring alliances tell me that while we did shit things the people benefited and became better off ( in most cases ) . 
  should we ignore the bad ? 
  nope , but we should n't ignore the good either which is what i am trying to argue . 
   some of you forget actually we are not even taught about it , i did n't learn about the empire until i was 18 and some yank was bad mouthing it , something about farmers beating the greatest empire in the world ... oh how wrong that is . 
  but like i said , i am not ignorant on the bad we did , i also understand sometimes you got ta break a few eggs to make an omelette , does it make it right ? 
  but did it save more lives in the long run ? 
  you can not be an empire and dominate a 1/4 of the world population , land mass and command uncontested control of the worlds oceans without being heavy handed . 
  people always bang on about how bad britain was but never mention other empires , so it 's also a tad annoying to be the only country to be painted in as evil, 
  the original britons on our island where slaughtered by the romans , the welsh and scottish are a minority here , it was n't just us that did stuff like that . 
  all empires did the same thing , some just did things better than others , britain somehow became an empire that was revered and literally changed the world many times over before it 's collapse . 
  it created the industrial and then digital age , it spread it 's language which enabled unparalleled peace , science and medicine prospered under our education system to benefit humanity as a whole . 
  this small island did more than any other empire or nation in the history of earth while being somewhat decent at ruling other cultures . 
  that 's one hell of a feat !, 
  the only real examples of britain fucking up was in it 's less developed colonies in africa and the middle east , those we had for hundreds of years have prospered and become powerful . 
  we had hong kong for 100 years and turned it from a shit hole island into one of the greatest city states in the world . 
  canada and australia are also 2 of the most powerful nations around , compared to other empires britain 's was easily the best , it changed the world in every way and even though millions died in the process , far more was saved in the process ( nobody likes to consider that though it does n't make for a good story ) . 
  it was n't perfect and i wo n't turn a blind eye to any of that stuff or say otherwise but i can also see the other side . 
  india was ruled by a company that paid taxes to the government , what happens when you let a company rule a country ... . india and america ( modern usa ) . 
  only ww2 did you see the government do something similar and that was because churchill was a racist and hated them , he fucked over the australians too . 
  they had plenty of resources available to them to relieve the famine but nobody had the backbone to stop the exports to save people , people who happened to be in india and in control of what was going on . 
  if somebody stood up to it then things would have been different , same with ireland . 
  also they may have been `` exploited '' but they where better off in the long run , especially now when indian laws for foreign national run companies to provide basic living standards for indian workers like toilets for them to use and homes but companies actually do n't provide any of them sometimes . 
  oh and they are american companies doing it too ( not just them of course just saying it 's only britain ) . 
  if our past was so horrible and our empire was so bad , why do we remain close allies and our voluntary commonwealth made up of former colonies and even a couple non colonies ? 
  former colonies still like us so we ca n't have been as bad as people keep making us out to be . 
  well that 's just misleading , we are not in the eu anymore :p, 
  we did n't get where we are today by listening to france :p, 
  i am aware when british governors where killed the government sent armies to kill the people who did it and innocents to enforce rule . 
  i am not that blind or ignorant , a little reading on the situations makes it less evil and you realize it was a product of it 's time . 
  it took months to do anything by then shit can hit the fan and anything can happen , if people starve that would take months to even get food ready to move , it 's not like today we have airbuses from america to africa in 7 hours to help . 
  did i say they where ? 
  pretty sure i mentioned the deaths in my comment to suggest it was n't . 
  most deaths under british rule where accidents so it 's not like we decided to butcher people for the sake of it . 
  wto rules for now and still needs to be set up, 
  the uk will pursue a free trade agreement with every country it wants one with , we wo n't settle for tarriffs our entire economy depends on fta 's the eu and the world keeps saying `` the uk is highly aggressive in pursuing free trade '' even inside the eu . 
  so it 'll all have to be done again , the uk is looking for 700 people to help with creating these trade deals , just because the usa said they wo n't change their trade relations does n't mean we have trade with them in 2 years time . 
  it 'll just mean we are still one of their largest trade partners and will try and get a deal sorted as soon as possible . 
  actually mexico is under a separate agreement which allows the eu to trade with developing nations as a way to help those economies grow . 
  ( i looked it up a week or so ago ) . 
  other countries obviously managed to work out an arrangement to do free trade , that is the whole point . 
  companies will have different production lines to send products to other countries . 
  so some standards are set for the usa another line will be for the eu and other for china to facilitate the different standards required . 
  for example , left hand drive in europe , right hand drive in the uk and mostly automatic drive in usa for cars plus different standards for those cars from safety to efficiency . 
  it was bigger yes but seperated after the fall of the mughal empire , the british united it permanently , gave them a common language which has gave them peace ( apart from pakistan ) among the hundreds of different cultures that live in the country . 
  like i said britain created an empire based on trade , you are right education , democracy , justice was all given to the colonies because it made it easier and more efficient to get resources and become rich , india is becoming a super power it has the means to support it 's people now but it is n't , it 's still butchering millions of it 's own people ( killing girls ) . 
  the deaths during the empire where largely down to mismanagement , the indians are doing it intentionally now . 
  also keep in mind the east india trading company created the famines not the british government , the government took control in the late 1800 's, 
  50 % of our trade was with the eu , we vote to leave it = the trade agreements are cancelled automatically along with all the trade deals the eu made with other countries like america and canada . 
  so we need to make all those trade deals again and we can no longer trade with eu nations unless we join the single market . 
  well technically english laws get automatically passed in wales too because we annexed them for 800 years , only recently did they become an actual country when they got given a devolved parliament . 
   eu is n't willing to sign ftas with nations that rival their power the eu and it 's people have different requirements and standards to those in the usa . 
  both sides are powerful economic entities , they are going to play hard to get on both sides , one is highly `` corporations first , consumers last '' and the other is the opposite , one has 1 population to worry about the other has 28 different countries to worry about . 
  it 's incredibly difficult to sort out so to believe the eu is scared of america is stupid . 
  no , they ignored the downsides . 
  the area 's that depended on eu money voted it away , but will expect the government to fill in the gaps ... when we just cut off 50 % of our trade plus a good chunk of other trade from other nations like america , canada , india and australia . 
  how exactly are we supposed to fill in the gaps , pay of debts , keep the nhs going , military spending up , social programs up when we just cut 70 % of our trade ? 
  who gives a shit when we can deport black people and muslims amiright ? 
  it 's the eu 's fault again !, 
   ergo the notion of a union which is why england subsidizes 3 smaller nations in it 's union right ? 
  we built the worlds greatest empire on the basis of trade , we are probably the best nation to look to and learn from to create a union , we have done in many times through history . 
  usa , canada , australia , uk , india all built from the ground up by england and the commonwealth you are right , people would be happier with the eu if we was in control , i am not one of them though , just wanted to put that out there . 
  people may say the companies have a point but we all know for a fact it 'll be used against us , netflix has already been caught throttling it 's service . 
  companies are anti-consumer and want to maximise profit otherwise they would use this network to boost profits because they get customers who want to use the network . 
  the uk has on of the most transparent government in the world , the media spun the information and the leavers , not the remainers . 
  deflation ? 
  i always get confused . 
  japan is in a constant state of recession and stupid high inflation anyway . 
  one of the great things about the uk , when it comes to remembering our history , we put on great displays like this . 
  in size yes , not much else of course that is debatable . 
  great can be used to mean different things . 
  that was a great war = it was a good war the great war = the largest conflict in history at it 's time . 
  we could but risk mass riots . 
  it would make the situation far worse and in the worst scenario change the who political landscape of our country . 
  he sleeps around even when in relationships . 
  the great war was given to describe the scale of the conflict not because it was `` great '' . 
  ww1 was not a good war and was fought for nothing of benefit to anybody . 
  if robots do n't pay tax then companies get 100 % profits outside of corporation tax . 
  so this should be backed in a world where people are being replaced with robots , profits go up but income for government goes down . 
  tax robots or increase tax payments on corporations . 
  for anti terrorism stuff which fucked up a lot , which ended as a success in what is now malaysia . 
  took us a while but we got it eventually ... then the ira decided to see if we could get lucky again ... and we fucked that up too . 
  you triggered nothing , that 2nd line in the reply to your comment should have made that obvious , just saiyan . 
  alright let them get their asses kicked then lets go back into the eu, 
  kick their ass all you please , well over 70 % of us want to see the establishment get what is coming for it , which is why a lot of people voted leave . 
  just watch the collateral damage please , thanks . 
  i remember that was something mention last year i think between , them , canada and the uk . 
  true as a joke , you went serious . 
  also just for context he also set the time period 80 years ago with his comment `` and you thought we where bad '', 
  we are talking about now , not 120 years ago ... come on poland , can you not keep up ? 
  well ... we have n't gotten as far as camps , come back by next tuesday . 
  huh ? 
  britain . 
  the government bailed it out and is now technically public owned ... well should be but they are still independent for some stupid reason . 
  no agenda just makes good news , people did n't a fuck and voted opposite because they are dumb and did n't think it would matter . 
  this is basically saying `` be careful how you vote '', 
  thing is , some of them will work all the hours and after a couple of years when they are allowed to , will head to australia or america to work . 
  from what i recall they ca n't leave to work in another country until they do a few years in the nhs . 
  it was them that voted leave , about 70 % of england voted leave .
