  a dog on top railing a woman is n't considered consent ? 
  or the dolphin that beat a woman during an experiment because she would n't jack it off is n't giving his consent ? 
  erm no im not against it , all im saying is if that 's the main reason incest is illegal , then just make it so having a child is illegal . 
  i do n't think it 's a good reason given the odds of a genetically mutated child is pretty low compared to 2 people with disabilities procreating and passing on their genes . 
  huh ? 
  what i said was from the bbc a month ago . . more or less anyway . 
  you seriously have to ask ? 
  everything in moderation , then again these days , a shandy with 0.1 % of alcohol in it can increase the risk of cancer . 
  unless you are 60 + and then 1 glass of wine is good for you . 
  its impossible though , your own bias seeps into your work . 
  100 different people will have different biases , each will try to stay neutral but they ca n't . 
  it can be limited though . 
  or just say go ahead and fuck your sister , but you can not have biological kids together . 
  only because more people consume it . 
  90 % of a population that drinks alcohol compared to 5 % that smoke weed , guess which one has a higher percentage of problems ? 
   for prostitution being legalized , nothing wrong with that . . 
  last i heard ( could be wrong ) that 's something american 's do already ... well i heard they stop people with disabilities procreating . 
  you could if you made a clause that the other person was abused . 
  remember it 's not illegal for a 24 year old to have sex with a 16 year old but make one a teacher and one a student and you have a problem . 
  the law covers it . 
  necrophillia ... how about no . 
  incest ? 
  sure why not . 
  make it illegal to have kids in an incestuous relationship ( pretty much the only reason it 's illegal ) . 
  if you separate 2 kids at birth , do n't keep in contact there is a good chance the 2 could meet and date so it kinda proves you can be attracted to a family member ... just the concept of `` it 's your family '' stops most people from trying anything . 
  your a bit naive to not find your family member attractive when a lot of other people do ( attractiveness may vary ) incest is more common than you think . 
  they did , but britain is like 10x more powerful than ireland ... and we are a stubborn bunch , we 'll happily tell people to do one . 
  if we do n't win you know that 'll be ammo in the leave campaign :p, 
  unlike france we 'll tell brussels to do one if they ask again . 
  i have to agree with u/kvizer the government has now put 2 referendums in place , 1 to decide the future of the uk and now the uk 's future in the eu . 
  im rather impressed . 
  always to the god damn beach !, 
  we played ball with blair and stopped at the currency union and you guys got stroppy when we said told you so after the financial crisis . 
   - oh really , that 's nice what 's your station called ? 
    - waterloo \u00e8_\u00e9 '' at least we have a sense of humour , 
   inb4 uk gets told to vote again until they get it right would love to see em try tbh, 
   `` my way or the highway '' attitude that makes so many europeans dislike the uk . 
  keep in mind that attitude kept you guys unoccupied by a foreign power , just saying , tough love is a thing . 
  you just kinda told yourself why people think we would be able to cope outside of the eu ... because we get nothing from it in the first place . 
  we joined for trade not to build things , also please keep in mind that britain is helping to build the airbus and we are one of the major contributors to the esa as well as building satellites so i guess we got our space industry from it ? 
  we do n't build complete things , we supply the tools , money and expertise to those who need it to build stuff , hence the service industry , we whore ourselves out . 
  [ the newest one for the army ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igsakurajwy ) [ royal marines ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuk5bwa-c8w ), 
  it 's funny i said the same thing as his dad yesterday and got downvoted liked crazy and told im an idiot . 
  until the pound is overtaken by the euro we wo n't give it up , sorry . 
  because we have the balls to shout , the others are subjugated and germany and france get what they want so they wo n't complain . 
  erm ... wrong thread ? 
  we seem to be in the unique position that a weaker pound = better for business for exporting but not importing while normally it 's the other way around for other nations . 
  yea and it does my head in , as far as im concerned if you have some sob story get the fuck off the stage im not interested in what your `` talent '' is or how well you can sing because you clearly feel you need something else to get your to win . 
  people did n't trust labour or tories so voted snp again . 
   even though he is sexist , xenophobic so . . a normal person then ? 
  we like prince philip , he is n't politically correct and the british love him for it , he 's a good laugh . 
  it 's easier to say the british or france rather than some specific person just sayin . 
  if i say i have america i mean i hate the government not the people , it 's just easier . 
  still each side has come to the other at least 2 times each to suggest a union , each time the other said no . 
  true but does n't mean he 'll be pm . 
  that 's suggesting the tories will get a 3rd term . 
  if stay wins he wo n't . 
  im supporting stay btw, 
  if we leave sure and if we stay , he wo n't be pm . 
  not sure why im getting downvoted just because nobody seems to realize this . 
  i mean if he goes for `` leave '' and we stay , nobody would want a pm that wants to leave . 
  i did n't think he would be this dumb , but guess he does n't want to be pm . 
  reminds me of the time american forces threw a grenade into a room of hostages and killed em all . 
  that 's why you call the sas not the yanks for a hostage situation , we have a impeccable success record and only the bad guys get killed . 
  i am well aware mate , i make holocaust jokes too , the brits take the piss out of everybody and everything , we are an inclusive folk . 
  i laughed at your joke and your joke was based on people dying too , so ... yea . 
  i think it did , but did n't realize the money union would be a thing and the money union with weaker economies is what caused the problem . 
  i do n't think he was mocking the deaths of millions of irish and just making a joke based on the stereotype of irish like potatoes ? 
  i would to the same if i wanted to poke fun at an irish person in a light hearted manner . 
  just saying i do n't know his intentions . 
  making light of a shitty situation is not something to be ashamed of mate , if you do n't laugh you 'll cry it 's a coping mechanism , do n't look down on people for making jokes . 
  it may seem insensitive but there maybe a reason why they made the joke ... mainly because they are hysterical but i digress . 
  heard that in 2006 , still funny , 
  you what mate ? 
  i feel like i just read something out of the 1930 's . 
  ireland is not in shengen . 
  i was kinda hinting to our history of not leaving , including when you really wanted us gone but there goes that . 
  the uk is having a referendum because of a vocal minority that made ukip look scarier than they turned out to be and if cameron turned his back on his promise he would be hung drawn n quartered by the british public . 
  also nice of you to use our nice accommodating system and abusing it , no wonder we do n't want europeans to vote . 
  round 3 i imagine , put em up ol chap it 's been a while , meet in belgium again ? 
  like old times ? 
  it 's easier to agree to a union with a bunch of nations equal in strength than with countries with weak economies calling you a bully tbh . 
  france and britain have both suggested a union , france wanted to even join the commonwealth . 
  sorry but the irish of all people should know how much brits hate to leave a party when it starts to get interesting . 
  like the eu is going to turn down input from britain , ever had that idiot who thinks they know it all and you go `` oh , yea good idea '' then do your thing ? 
  then you realize he was right ? 
  the uk is the dumb person the eu will be the one ignoring us , until they realize they should listen once in a while . 
  you can actually . 
  those who want to federalize the rest will watch and see what happens then decide, 
   anti eu jokes when i watch my british shows . 
  when was the last time you heard a joke that was positive from us ? 
  im genuinely curious . 
  commonwealth is mainly poorer nations , why would n't they want closer ties and trading opportunities with their far more powerful and richer ally ? 
  those bond exist , tarnished but still strong , canada will take us back < 3, 
   you can help us with our wars !, 
  we need to be in a union with you to do that ? 
  you realize if we vote yes , the uk has pretty much given the go ahead for more cooperation right ? 
  it 'll be less pulling out and maybe europe will listen to our warnings . 
  probably king charles iii . 
  king george vi did n't have george as his first name but used his middle name because it sounded more kingly .
