  i went to florida at christmas 2007 , me and my family where in shorts and t-shirts and all the americans where wrapped up in a lot of different layers . 
  we can keep the flag actually because it 's not our official flag , somebody made it and it just stuck . 
  he said the scottish are not stupid , he said nothing about the english . 
  calling somebody the wrong nationality is n't the same as using a nick name for that nationality . 
  they still got ta meet the requirements first though which include economic requirements to be reached . 
  we have no idea how long that 'll take and if scotland can either reach them or last long enough to get there . 
  nobody said it would make me popular , but if i wo n't get insulted from being called a limey or a pom then i hope people wo n't get insulted if i call em yank . 
   oh , another brit that forgot the times of the winter of discontent and the `` penny in your pocket '' days born in 1990 , i would n't say forgot more like , was n't around at that particular time . 
   that it took striking oil , joining the eec , and the complete disintegration of your state supported labour market to actually start making progress in the 90s . 
  yes i do , i actually did research on the eu before the whole referendum thing and had to explain this to my parents . 
   it 'll have to default ? 
  are n't you the walking , talking crystal ball . 
  how about it does n't and keeps paying it down like a normal state . 
  im working from memory here from debate in 2014 , pretty sure that 's what people where saying , i could be wrong and willing to accept i am . 
   it 's not like the uk has n't asked for an imf bailout before . 
  true but we where able to dig ourselves out due to the strength of our economy , scotland will not have that economy to dig itself out . 
  it 'll have to default and start from scratch which is bad for trade . 
   that 's it ? 
  that 's the argument . 
  sentiment and nostalgia . 
  are you fucking kidding me right now . 
  did you just blank the rest of the comment ? 
  you ca n't be that dumb to think that 's the only argument against scotland leaving and why it would be bad for them . 
  yup , as somebody said new yorkers are yankee 's but shortened to yanks and used as a derogatory term for americans . 
  like poms for the aus to brits . 
  it 's not so much a bad word now . 
   option of cake you mean tea and crumpets right ? 
  [ england riots 2011 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_england_riots ), 
  i would imagine common sense would mean detail is n't really needed . 
  they 'll be economically fucked , standards of living will suffer , people lose jobs on a large scale . 
  if scotland takes it 's fair share of debt it 'll go bankrupt so less chance of making trade agreements because of poor credit rating , it can try to join the eu but that 'll take a few years , borders could be put between scotland and england . 
  social unrest is also a large certainty . 
  basically this could rip the uk apart and end the greatest union in human history . 
  erm , ireland ended up at war with the uk , could n't get much worse for them and then they got saved by joining the eea and then europe , it could only go up from war . 
  scotland will not go to war with england ... unless something really bad happens so scotland can only go down if it 's on it 's own . 
  plus ireland did n't take any debt from the uk , scotland may have to take a fair share of it 's debt meaning it 'll be bankrupt the minute they sign the document to signal independence . 
  if they drag their feet we 'll stay as we are now for the next few years because nothing is changing . 
  once a50 is activated shit will hit the fan . 
  well for starters scotland will suffer while part of the uk while leaving the eu but england will be holding it 's hand and keeping it afloat . 
  leave england and scotland is in shit . 
  it 's like having a ship ( eu ) you leave in a life boat ( uk ) but if you jump out the life boat you are fucked ( independent scotland ) . 
  so you have 2 choices , stay in the ship ( ca n't ) stay in the life boat ( uk ) or jump out and hope you can swim back to the ship before you drown . 
  some guy got shot by a cop who through the guy had a gun . 
  the family had a march in his `` honour '' and people took advantage and started a riot which spread across the country . 
  you have one . 
  yanks . 
  ( i am aware that is the name for new yorkers but everybody uses it for all of the states . ), 
  sounds like they where into their tech :p, 
  a guy got shot and riots erupted , people mostly taking advantage but it happened . 
  also increase in university fees caused students to riot in london ... that was fun . 
  our country is fucking bonkers , how we ran the worlds largest empire i have no idea . 
  it was written into law and the majority supported it in 1975 so all other governments followed the mandate of the people . 
  opinion soured over the years so the referendum was held to see if opinion changed which allows them to leave without worry or a public backlash . 
  plenty of people in our government was anti-eu which is why instead of trying to leave they started asking for veto 's and opt-outs or just plain blocking stuff they did n't like . 
   yt is full of apes well , humans are apes so what did you expect ? 
  ... i 'll pay you instead . 
  you can have him back . 
  you 're not my type . 
  all my factory does is make the sun tv mag not the actual news paper , so get a grip . 
  oh hey you want everybody to lose their jobs because of a couple off assholes who wanted to be clever . 
  thanks , way to be a dick . 
  well that 's awkward, 
  europe is a sleeping giant , it brought the world to it 's knee 's twice in 2 world wars . 
  like britain in ww2 , it has no stomach for war but it 'll rise to the challenge if it has no other choice . 
  it 's cheaper for europe to fund a military the size of america than it would be for america . 
  there was a small break down on wikipedia about how it 's cheaper for a similar sized force over a similar time period to be deployed and supplied in europes favour . 
  i remember somebody in germany saying `` you ca n't have a european military without the british . 
  it would be like a knife without a blade '' . 
  yup it 's a company secret , they are the only company even close to doing something like this , everybody else is like ... how the fuck ? 
  i imagine the uk will not be forced to leave that for 2 reasons . 
  it 's already a member now , changing it to a eu agency will have to be decided by all members and will be argued the uk should stay . 
  it 's the largest contributor in both money and work load than everyone else . 
  ( i might be wrong but we make a shit ton of satellites for the esa ), 
  sweet . 
  not heard much about this since osborne gave some government funding and they tested the engines . 
  one has next to no benefits for the child one stops them from being sick and is universally accepted by everybody who is n't a fucking hippie or straight up retarded . 
  they do n't like it simply because of 1 thing printed about the hillsborough incident . 
  it 's not reasonable it 's fucking insane , i work in a factory that prints the sun tv mags so obviously there are sun papers around , 1 guy literally pushed one across the table from him to me ( while i was reading one and wrecked the paper i was reading ) . 
  i was like wtf ? 
  and he said i would rather kill myself than have it near him , i told him to grow the fuck up . 
  simple , under a hot shower pull your foreskin outwards to the side a few times . 
  then pull it down as much as possible , put your 2 index fingers on the head and let your foreskin go over your fingers then pull to the sides . 
  this causes the skin to stretch , break and heal and you 'll notice a difference after a few months if you keep doing it . 
  it hurts if you do n't have warm running water hitting it . 
  pain is pain no matter the age mate , the kid ca n't say how much it hurts , it just knows it does . 
  bow chicka ow ow, 
  adults forcing children to go under the knife for a god they do n't know , have n't seen and just told to `` believe '' in `` him/her/it '' is not a good reason . 
  it 's a life changing surgery that could have complications and even death if done wrong , why should children be forced to go through that kind of pain because their parents had the same done to them in the name of some fictional person ? 
  it was n't choking the chicken . 
  i had that as a partial issue , only when erect it would go too tight to pull back . 
  did some foreskin stretching exercises and fixed the problem , the doctor said i would grow out of it ... i was 24 . 
  so a child burning off half their face can not have cosmetic surgery ? 
  seems a tad unfair do n't you think ? 
  cosmetic only means changing how they look from 1 way for another , not just `` i want bigger tits/lips/ass '' . 
  well ... only if it 's needed like in a medical emergency . 
  undemocratic to ban a practice that is forced upon the child and causes immense pain ? 
  last i checked pointless mutilation is illegal in most countries . 
  even though the uk government is gon na be utter shit for the next 4-5 years at least it 's impossible for it to go dictator on us . 
  most people think that , it 's just what we do , we complain . 
  lets put it this way 90 % of medical advances where made on the battlefield .
