  non europeans get all the checks . 
  largest yes , greatest no . 
  the uk is the greatest political union in the world , it built the greatest empire in history and the modern world and then passed the torch onto the usa . 
  free movement of works and controlling immigration are different things . 
  we have control of our borders and control immigration , those who want to come here to work still need to go through legal channels and are then let in regardless of freedom of movement for workers as those kind of immigrants still need to meet certain criteria . 
  and ? 
   second greatest political union who 's the first ? 
  well ... guess i misinterpreted some of it :( i knew they where not foreigners though and could vote . 
  well shit ... 
   wow you brits are drama queens . 
  we just want to break free , we want to break freeee ( que queen music ), 
  the relationship with ireland and the uk is unique , the uk see 's them as a citizen with full rights including voting rights but it 's not shared the other way . 
  n.ireland can have dual citizenship as well and we have no border between the republic and n.ireland which also allows anybody from main land britain to go to ireland without a passport and vise-versa . 
   the rise of 513,300 in the year to june 2015 well we got one date , is it saying from june 2015 until now ? 
  just wan na clarify that . 
  thought as much but was n't sure , which is why i added that bottom line . 
  what is respectable is all opinion when it comes to media , the sunday sport hates the sun for example while some sun haters read the daily mail . 
  everybody has their own thing they like read/watch . 
  at the end of the day sky news is probably the only close 2nd i can think of after the bbc, 
  got any porn ? 
  actually he said that no matter the vote his job is secure because he will have the job to help untie the uk from the eu so he has no personal agenda to lie . 
  but hey lets go tell a judge he should n't put somebody in jail because he knows too much about law . 
  ( pretty much the argument here , he knows about the situation so he should n't share that information ) . 
  which is why i said get used to it , since i saw his flair . 
  he would be familiar with jimmy carr and his humour , he was also told to stop making jokes like that , which started a freedom of speech debate which won out in j.carr 's favour . 
  all cpt blackadder did was tell me not to say that joke because i did n't like it despite others having no issue with it and not saying anything . 
  do n't like it just move on . 
  my mum wanted to make an `` informed vote '' but read the sun and watched tv . 
  i had to literally go onto wikipedia and show her we control our borders and she still said she wants control back to send people back home . 
  the problem is n't the eu it 's our government and african and middle eastern governments not cooperating :(, 
  yea postal voting but we also have pretty large voting windows , like 6-7am until 10pm i think . 
  they are voting through pure ignorance and stand by it like they know what they are doing and why . 
  i may have to live in a world these people have voted for , they would look pretty smug for it until they realize nothing they voted for has changed but potentially gotten worse . 
  im not sure what you are saying ? 
  but all i know is , the first news place people go in an emergency is the bbc and then sky . 
  how can it not be independent if it knows the correct information ? 
  my mum said somebody who knows eu law ( it 's his job ) is bias because he is voting remain so should n't be listened too . 
  so apparently , if they have facts do n't listen to em . 
  which is why the older folk are voting leave while the younger are voting remain . 
  kids are dumb because they look at screens all day ... at least we see the world through it rather than through a newspaper . 
  they used the straight ones for other purposes, 
  have you noticed how he ask for special treatments and now we are voting to leave ? 
  those special treatments was to convince the uk to stay , if those actually worked we would n't be in this situation . 
  me too , it 's all about immigration in my area ( st.helens / liverpool ) and nobody knows anything about anything and because of that they are voting out . 
  it 's called dark humour , get used it , its rather common on our little island . 
  you can vote until 10pm so there is no excuse really . 
  also it 's a tradition thing . 
  thursday people wo n't be drunk or hungover ( ideally these days ) 2 . 
  it 's furthest from sunday so further from the churches influence . 
  channel 4 is n't state owned but follows the bbc to try and be popular . 
  the leave just look like a bunch of loonies who ca n't keep their `` facts '' ( lol ) straight while remain is scared to give any facts themselves :( i would rather take the blame where it 's due than blame the very thing i am trying to argue for !, 
  but not something to be afraid of , if anything it 's something to be a part of . 
  we have no racism or xenophobia , if they did the paper would not be bought and condemned , they just have `` unfavourable '' articles . 
  they do n't even know what frontex is , the concern would be leave spinning it from a `` awesome finally the eu is sorting its shit out '' to `` handing over more powers , awesome , vote leave '' . 
  and people will follow :(, 
  well they are falling for the immigration thing because nobody wants to say `` we control our borders '' i have not seen that yet in this debate at any point . 
  if you pick `` ww3 could happen '' over basics like that then remain deserves to lose . 
  cameron is n't the only muppet pm to say he 'll fix immigration , most pm 's have done it recently and the other parties like ukip have too and they will fail . 
  oh hey , politicians lie and rain is wet . 
  so why are we trusting boris and farage all of a sudden ? 
  they are all tories from one extreme or another . 
  i guess cameron has played his cards carefully and it was n't exactly a secret either so while sneaky clearly he is allowed to do it since nobody cried fowl ... not even leave campaigners if i recall correctly . 
  a good head is all subjective , the kraut just said he 'll vote to forbid head on a beer ... i merely said we enjoy a head . 
  i say kraut in a friendly manner ... sorry jerry , 
  actually a lot of our social discussion comes from comedians who have the balls to make jokes on a subject . 
  the very notion of free speech came into question because some people with poor judgement went to see a comedian they did n't like that does dark humour and wanted that kind of humour banned . 
  i believe the main joke was about handicapped soldiers and having a good paralympics team for london 2012 paralympics . 
  soldiers found it funny . 
  they really have n't , it 's probably still topical in scotland , you hear little in england tbh . 
  on average how many older people die a day ? 
  we may get a win depending on those numbers  . , 
  did n't the media talk about how government officials voting leave where not actually allowed to have access to certain information that was n't critical in doing their jobs ? 
  you would think so but so many people complained they had to walk for 2 whole minutes in the rain to get to another building ... im like are you serious ? 
  your british , bunch of pussies ... even the latvian was taking the piss . 
  blockades do n't work well without the uk , we seem pretty awesome at em . 
  typical , they could n't get this out there when it matters ? 
  nobody is listening to the radio or watching the news today . . 
  immigration is n't a eu problem it 's a government border protection problem because we control the bloody borders . 
  the immigration thing will not change regardless of the vote so it 's completely wasted if that 's the main concern . 
  in the uk now economy is not as important as immigration for some stupid reason , people want to sacrifice a good economy to try and `` fix '' it . 
  they print 95 % of it 's paper in black and white , so it 's cheap as hell to print compared to coloured papers . 
  well ... the front fell off . 
  the scottish sun had `` vote leave '' on the front page while the rest of the uk had `` better together '' for the scottish referendum . 
  the media panders to the audience , was there a time where it was actually meant to deliver news ? 
   i 'm impressed that the situation is that bad in the uk if we are gon na cause a shit show , we are gon na make it a spectacular one , we do n't do things half assed . 
  it 's either the somme or d-day . 
  it 's like how he owns fox and sky one is absolutely insanely bias that it 's laughable while sky news it just as respected as the bbc . 
  wonder why . 
  it was in the news a week or so ago saying that the mp 's may choose to use their powers to overturn the vote if it goes the wrong way . 
  but yea there will be riots . 
  i know some people not voting because of it and claims of it being rigged . 
  independence suggests we where ran by another political entity and that we have no way to rule ourselves . 
  which is utter bollocks , this is no independence day and will not be celebrated as one even if we do leave . 
  we where not conquered or part of another political union . 
  it 's always been the competitor of the sun and just as crap . 
   push through an eu directive forbidding the head on beer we like a good head on a beer ... 
  the sun is a joke , i read the one from yesterday which claimed there was no good reason to stay in the eu ... like not 1 reason . 
  they are just following the bandwagon just like most newspapers just to sell papers . 
  they did n't give interview and print anybody voting for remain but plenty for leave . 
  then their daily columnist said we need control of our borders back ... it 's the same shit over and over , nobody fact checking and all opinion .
