  i did n't deny anything , if all of that does n't do the trick then not having the final option of a spanking is n't going to help is it ? 
  it 's like reading 2 pages of an instruction manual and then complaining it does n't work . 
  mate what happens behind closed doors stays behind closed doors . 
  it 's literally impossible any child between now and 35 years ago have never had a clip round the ear . 
  im not saying you need as you call it `` violence '' to raise a child it should be a last resort when all else has failed . 
  if you do it right the first time you never have to do it again which makes you a good parent . 
  i remember calling somebody a blackie when i was younger in a supermarket i got a stern `` do n't you dare say that again '' and i never have because i know what my mum was like and if i said it again i would get a spanking or something which i did n't want . 
  pain is a great teacher when used properly . 
  and abuse works pretty well for china . 
  i accept that as a cultural difference , it 's just a view i do n't agree with ... there are a few things with sweden i do n't agree with like the `` lets think of a word to mean no gender '' thing you had going for a while . 
  you are the ultimate political correct country . 
  well i am saying it has it 's place , everybody else is putting words in my mouth . 
  to them spanking and violence are synonymous , one is causing body harm against somebody using force , spanking is to an adult a light slap on the bottom which gives slight pain and discomfort to a child , they do n't want it again so they do n't do it again . 
  clear difference , one is holding back and one is using as much force as possible . 
  do you want to know how often i was spanked or what ever ? 
  i 'll put it this way , i do n't remember because it was done so rarely . 
  heck we smashed her crystal collection and we was n't punished but we felt super guilty about it . 
  i called her a cow once too many times ( in jest ) and got my mouth washed out ... once . 
  she is one of those people with a voice that could start a stampede and leave a stadium of people scared stiff so it was rather easy for us to be scared of her and behave . 
  most people are gentle , they do n't shout , they ask politely for the child to stop doing something , they become unruly and dangerous to those around them . 
  1 good spanking can mean no more spankings needed , the child learned their lesson and learned not to repeat it . 
  im not saying it 's the go to strategy it should be the last thing you do if all else fails . 
  yea telling a child to stop doing something is a great way to stop them . 
  what else can you do ? 
  try and restrain them ? 
  take their toys away ? 
  ground them ? 
  i am aware i am just saying spanking 's have their place when disciplining a child . 
  only in the last decade or so it 's become a problem because why ? 
  because a group of people got spanked and did n't like it ? 
  think of public transport like an lift/elevator you do n't talk in it do you unless you know someone ? 
  just the same but one has wheels and goes in more directions than up and down , 
  how about go fuck yourself mate . 
  if you tell your child not to do something and they do it anyway they need to be disciplined . 
  of course the punishment should match the crime meaning they should n't be spanked or something for doing something minor , just a scolding . 
  if they do something really bad then you spank them . 
  if you spank them for every tiny thing then that 's abuse . 
  hell i see children getting shouted at all the time for no reason , the only reason i can see is because the child is having fun . 
  what is next ? 
  we ca n't shout at children ? 
  oh and stop calling it violence , if i punched you in the face that is violence , a spanking is not , it 's more embarrassing than anything and is more than enough to deter bad behavior . 
  i agree that is abuse but people these days refuse to acknowledge there is a difference . 
  my mum was beaten black and blue at school , caned everyday because the teacher hated her ... did n't stop her giving me a smack to the back of the head or washing my mouth out with soap when needed . 
  ( i am 25 btw so it 's not some 1960 's oh it was fine back in the good ol days story ), 
  lets put it this way because i know somebody who had this problem . 
  her daughter was always being pinched by her cousin and the girl refused to stop despite her parents and this woman asking her to . 
  my mum told her next time pinch her when she pinches your daughter . 
  so she did it and now the girl does n't pinch anybody because she knows now how much it hurts . 
  keep in mind just like with the pinch , most slaps are light but get the message across . 
  i do n't agree with using whips/belts or what other items you can think of . 
  with that logic every person in the world in an abuser , hell adults slap each other round the head from time to time , is that considered abuse ? 
  no it 's not . 
  but a clip round the ear never hurt anybody and it should be a last resort rather than something you do every day or something . 
  but claiming discipline ( a slap on the hand or smack on the back of the head ) is abuse is moronic . 
  so what we are left with is literally no way to discipline a child , meaning they can run riot without consequence . 
  what a world we live in , where rules apply to nobody under the age of 18 ... oh wait , they get thrown into juvenile detention , which could be prevented by allowing discipline, 
  never thought of that !, 
  * goes looking for an irish man *, 
  i still lump the irish and n.irish together for kicks n giggles . 
  your on the same island so your irish , just so happens one is in the north . 
  xd i might get away with it because my grandad was from the republic . 
  i heard you can do it in the usa as long as you have a brown paper bag covering the bottle . 
  there is a difference between slapping the hell out of your kids and a slap to the back of the head for saying/doing something stupid . 
  i remember me , my brothers and my mum was in town and we started play fighting ( this was like 10 years ago ) we are all laughing and my mum got my older bro in a head lock . 
  some random guy chirped up `` that 's child abuse , you should stop immediately '' the 4 of us looked at each other , then at him and said we was just messing around . 
  we just burst out laughing and walked off . 
  do n't talk on public transport . 
  you can talk to northerners we are nice ( just do n't tell anyone ) but still do n't do it on public transport unless your life depends on it , even then we 'll be passive aggressive about it . 
  the british public regardless of what the media say are not stupid , they want a voice but it also does n't mean they want change . 
  they just want to exercise their democratic right that the older generation was told they could n't to vote on eu membership . 
  i saw the scottish referendum as the scottish using their right to vote for independence not because they wanted it but so their voices will be heard . 
  you heard about the bruce willis thing ? 
  his wife confirmed that was fake . 
  when you download any music from itunes you get a digital copy of it downloaded to your computer , at least in the uk because there was a massive fight about `` buying the right to listen to the music '' and `` if you bought the product the consumer owns it '' and so itunes made the change to give you the mp3 file . 
  in the uk we can rip and burn our own cd 's , get with the times europe . 
  it 's always been legal to tape something and create a video/cd/dvd of it for personal use . 
  considering they will fuck anything with a pulse in other countries then yes the influx of kids wanting to find their dads will increase the visits to istanbul . 
  sorry i would say the falklands war as the last war to be set in stone , the sheer size and scope of that regardless of how short was massive for britain at the time , nobody knew what would happen . 
  we got pissed of at them as well you know , they basically said if you try and enforce anything on us we are gone , there was talk about independence for jersey a few years ago because of the jimmy carr tax dodge . 
  we have missiles to take out nukes , we have systems to stop the anti-ship missiles every system has a counter , plus the us is investing in lasers to destroy missiles , so 10 times the speed of sound can suck the dick of the speed of light . 
  mad is something that will not happen , i honestly believe no nation will launch another nuke because they can kiss their asses goodbye . 
  i believe we are smart enough as a species to not use them regardless of how many we have and how desperate we are , we go to war for a reason , using a nuke invalidates any reason you previously had because it means you wo n't exist anymore . 
  give humanity some credit , we make threats , does n't mean we will follow up with them , especially those that mean the death of millions in a single strike . 
  they belong to us , they answer to our government and we protect them . 
  how do you invade yourself and not be a civil war ? 
  erm ... if it was n.korea it would be laughed at . 
  if it was a supposed ally saying this you bet people will be pissed . 
  so what 's your point exactly ? 
  that it 's only scary because it 's russia ? 
  say america said this about the uk getting closer to the eu , we would be wondering wtf is going on and be super pissed at being turned on . 
  there was no precursor , the computer was built during the war , the colossus only got funding because of the war . 
  oh of course , i do n't doubt that but being a guard does n't mean its taking part in the war . 
  that 's all im saying . 
  history repeats comes to mind , 
  history repeats comes to mind , 
  wrong !, 
  britain was building the bomb itself and so was canada , britain found the key to make the bomb ( working out it needed uranium ) . 
  they sent it to america because they did n't have the resources to build it quickly and being bombed . 
  the info from the uk and canada was given to america , the us then told everybody to fuck off and finished developing the bomb and claim the usa made the bomb on it 's own . 
  the usa in ww2 was just back stabbing its allies over and over and has n't changed in the last 70 + years .
