  i thought one of the local museums took it and where planning to make it free to see but accept donations , i guess it has n't happened yet . 
  it is ? 
  well that 's what happens when you go as a kid , you do n't realize xd, 
  all of those museums are a testament to what britain has achieved in those area 's and throughout history , im glad they made them free so people can learn from the past and get inspired . 
  also do n't forget windsor castle is free too . 
  never been but would like to go , it 's awesome that the uk has one of the best museums in the world ... and most our old ass tech still actually works . 
  ( we still having working ww2 german tanks while the germans do n't ), 
  the british history museum it 's free and pretty sure they now have hms victory . 
  that was for spite . 
  we said we did n't need it due to our empire , the empire fell and we came calling , so he blocked it . 
  my mum hates buying french products since they boycotted buying british meat . 
  brtain will continue to advertise to other nations because other nations want our products but if europe actively starts to make life difficult for the british after a no vote you bet your ass the british will look else where . 
  remember ww2 ? 
  japanese products where boycotted in the uk it was only 20 years later when people forgot what japan did in that war before japanese products started to be imported again . 
  this was for u/marsman i know we ca n't boycott all of europe but we can lower our economic import from the eu and look for other alternatives . 
  just to add to u/abcprhib 's point  will cause businesses to revolt the british will become super anti-european and will stop buying european goods at such large quantities and look else where . 
  been screwing around in europe since the romans , it 's become a hard habit to break , sorry . 
  jokes , you do n't get them do you ? 
  jokes , you do n't get them do you ? 
  what is your problem ? 
  all those circumstances kept me out of work for about 5 years . 
  i had a full time job in 09 the next one was 2014 i have been looking for work and doing courses . 
  i have tried , i got my 2nd part time job before christmas , if that 's not trying i do n't know what is . 
  so give me a break . 
   especially if you have experience . 
  which i have non . 
  i almost had a full time job in january but the guy let me go after 3 days saying i was n't experienced enough . 
  need experience but ca n't get a job to get that experience ... yea it 's totally my fault . 
  i got let go from my work placement in 2008 so i could n't do my 3rd year of college , the recession hit and i ended up have multiple surgeries in the following years including being attached to a machine for a year . 
  so yea , it is that hard to find a permanent position when all the junior jobs i have applied for list qualifications only an experienced person can have . 
  you are probably already in work , so you ca n't tell me what is easy and what is n't . . im 26 in march and my age group has took the brunt of unemployment . 
  sucks to be me . 
  i work part time at 2 jobs and have 2 zero hour contract jobs going . 
  i only see 3 jobs there ... may want to work on your math before tell me what is and what is n't a job  also qa for porn hub is a thing :p, 
  but i am a british national with 4 jobs and do n't make minimum wage . 
  should i leave too ? 
  so unless they live in the uk every migrant wants to leave ? 
  wow we must be one hell of a fairy tale . 
  i did and i have been awake for hours . 
  i was like `` wtf is trump talking about the uk-eu settlement ? 
  is he trying to fix it or what ? '', 
  they pretty much are , just not in the traditional sense . 
  they want to destroy europe ... so in theory they have declared war . 
  because pretending gets extra tax revenue and more money in their pockets ? 
  well that 's what i meant . 
  yes . 
  joining an armed force that wants to topple the current government or what ever is treason ... unless you win then it was a coup and you free to go :p, 
  i saw that linked on here do n't worry . 
  plot twist , russia actually invades and is filmed and shown as `` recreated events '' footage . 
  it 's been a long day, 
   i said you refuse to accept anthropogenic climate change because you have n't a clue what you 're talking about . 
  1 . no you did n't the other guy did . 
  never heard of anthropogenic i literally just googled that ... just a fancy way of saying man made 3 . 
  man made climate change is a lie , man never caused climate change , it contributes but not as much as we are led to believe , every time this topic comes up it 's never `` natural '' it 's always `` mad made '' that man is destroying the world . 
  the world will heat up , some countries might end up under water and we have no polar ice caps anymore ... like that has never happened before !, 
  it 's nothing but scare mongering and im sick to death of it . 
   do n't give short-term economic profit how is that a bad thing ? 
  the eu is a long term plan not a short term one , looking for short term gains is just somebody trying to look good at the expense of everybody else . 
  short term only prolonges a problem it does n't fix it . 
  terrorist attacks wo n't sway the british , those are the norm really . 
  it 's the society stuff that we give a shit about . 
  you can fix a bus or a restaurant but you ca n't fix a community, 
  keep in mind ... polls can be wrong , in fact it got our last general election so wrong investigations actually started to work out why . 
  these days polls = telling the future and can not be wrong . 
  once again climate change is real and happening . 
  but was n't caused by humans . 
  how is this denying climate change !!!, 
  the earth does n't stay 1 temperature all the time , it does n't stay the same at all ... the ice caps have melted in the past , ice ages have come and gone , continents formed and split apart . 
  seriously wtf . 
  we brought flags too ... 
  10,000 years ago the world came out of an ice age and helped create britain . 
  that is fact , so what happens after an ice age ? 
  the planet warms up . 
  it 's common sense !, 
  how 's this for interesting . 
  the norman invasion was the largest invasion force to cross the channel and was only over taken by the invasion force heading to normandy in 1944 which became the greatest in history . 
   norman invasions . 
  not french . 
  i learned more about egypt and the roman empire than i did the british empire ( i learned nothing ) and honestly ... no victories where taught outside of the world wars . 
   if they did n't find an outside rival they just engaged in wars against themselves ? 
  humanity in a nutshell, 
  uh huh so most scientist 's in the field getting funded by governments ( you know , those guys that slapped taxes on everything to do with anti-green policies ) are completely independent and not following an agenda to secure their budgets ? 
  listen we have got to a point of no facts but nobody is allowed to claim differently so even the scientists are assuming . 
  once again i accept climate change is a thing and it 's happening , i refuse to accept it 's 100 % man made because we are not that powerful , with that logic we could terraform mars in no time without the amount of co2 we are pumping out . 
  oh and no scientific education ? 
  grow the fuck up mate . 
  how am i a denialist if i say climate change is a natural thing for the earth ? 
  are you really that dense ? 
  your books say one thing , theirs say another , who is right and who is wrong who knows . 
  that 's history for you , one side says one thing , the other side says another , telling him to throw his history book away is you forcing your perceived facts on him rather than discussing it . 
  * hides the nukes yea !, 
  what this guy said !, 
   but never england , should we thank ottomans for not allowing her majesty 's naval forces in black sea ? 
  we have tea and crumpets, 
  so ... the planet has been this warm before ? 
  who would have guessed !!, 
  but nah our planet is doomed . 
  remember we keep hearing `` it 's been this bad since x date '' basically ignoring anything over 200 years ago , does n't mean it never happened though . 
   manmade climate change what a load of bollocks , man did n't cause this , it 's part of the earths cycle , we contributed very little . 
  the thing is it 's 100 % possible for the g8 nations to have this kind of system but capitalism says no,
