  no wonder allies are getting annoyed with your government treating the world like your sand box . 
  funny the uk claimed corruption in fifa and everybody said we was sore about not getting the world cup . 
  guess we get the last laugh ... kinda . 
  any particular reason why a european ( by extension global ) sporting body is extradited to a country that calls the sport soccer rather than association football ? 
  there has to be some political or monetary gain for america in all of this , what do they care otherwise ? 
  depends , if people vote twice is undemocratic . 
  lets be honest russia is n't great at rigging the vote . 
  by far the easiest unfortunately , unless your a dictatorship and you can change things with the click of a finger . 
  all parties in the uk where for it as well , individuals still fought not to accept it . 
  so i am sure some individuals those of an extreme religious conservative group of course and of the older generation . 
  i was unaware , i learned something today , thanks . 
  2010 ... been 5 years man ( just lightly poking fun mate im not seriously ) , also how many of those `` christians '' are still practicing christians ? 
  i am baptised and still considered christian but i consider myself atheist . 
  also the head of state and official religion of the state does not mean the whole country is the same , the country will always be protestant and the church of england will be the main church even if 30 % of the population is religious . 
  religion has been in our lives for centuries a lot of our traditions and holidays are based on it i agree . 
  but that does n't mean anything , people complain christmas has lost its meaning ... does n't mean we should stop having it . 
  in the uk and other countries they are not catholic , most are now non religious so religion never had a place in those discussion , even the tories had back benchers voting no , cameron wanted brownie points . 
  ireland it 's slightly different , the church is still massive while in england we told them to get the nose out of politics and get with the times . 
  irish yes is a lesson in civility ? 
  then with that logic britain was when it broke away , funny how times change xd, 
  mate scotland and its referendum did n't even get 100 % turnout , no election ever will unless its north korea where you get 101 % . 
  64 is a solid number because at least its a majority . 
  from conception to death with the lack of abortion and euthanasia . 
  the beauty of the elderly is that they end up dying so the numbers of young quickly out number the old which means social change can happen , nothing special really . 
  baby steps man . 
  for a catholic country gay marriage is a big thing , not the whole religion will be looked at and changed as the irish feel it should . 
  did it ever not be a fascist state after 1990 ? 
  we do talk about it and people are getting incredibly annoyed with the usa , a lot of their allies including britain are getting sick of them . 
  eh , the uk gets wheels up faster * screws finger in ear and checks for wax *, 
  not easy actually in the uk if you want to raise taxes on anybody with a lot of money the first thing they say is `` you do that and we 'll leave the country '' . 
  hsbc are making those threats at the moment , its why i hate companies of that size they think they can screw over billions of people and still demand they get what they want . 
  companies do n't care about the country they are in , only what country can give them the best return , london does that , if that changes we risk losing a lot of businesses . 
  hate large companies having a strangle hold on politics , it 's why i like the eu , they can make a blanket law covering the continent and lets governments put the law in place while still having their hands clean and no threat of a company leaving ... publicly anyway . 
  im against large corporations dodging paying their taxes , they pay their ceo 's and management millions but are more than happy to lay off 100 's of people from the company and still get a million # bonus . 
  it 's disgusting and no doubt cameron will try and block this because `` it will be bad news for london '' aka `` my friends and i are rich i want my money '' . 
  sorry ireland and luxembourg , i like you guys but come on , if it 's eu wide then the threat of leaving your nations is senseless and you should get more income in the long run . 
  what other excuse do we have to bomb the eu parliament building ? 
  not really 8 considering we still wanted to conquer france around the 1500 's and until henry vii we was still a vassal of france before he put a claim for the french crown . 
  so lets meet half way and say 5 centuries . 
  a police force in the uk was pretty much forced to remove cctv camera 's because the number in use was far more than was deemed necessary . 
  so the busier the place and more dangerous the more camera 's . 
  not much of a dictatorship when we limit how many camera 's can be in an area xd we pretty much suck at the dictatorship stuff . 
  you mean the group that put guns on scotland 's streets for literally no reason would not be authoritarian ? 
  britain has never had police armed on the beat since the creation of the police force , the snp thrown that aside as a `` test '' . 
  they would shut down the uk to get what they want . 
  they claim to respect the vote of the people of scotland yet they want another referendum because they did n't get the answer they wanted . 
  they care about themselves and only themselves . 
  if there was examples they would be in the news around the world . 
  it 's speculation . 
  hell george bush had an arrest warrant issued by canada for crimes against humanity because of torture , pretty sure a british pm would be plastered all over the news . 
  nothing will change except large amounts of people wanting to be citizens , you still need a visa to come here . 
  so your saying my grandad should n't even though he fought for the country ? 
  i am british with irish heritage i have no issue with this . 
  also i want to stay in the eu so i welcome the irish to exercise their right under our law to vote how they want . 
  they give us the same right . 
  the problem is and many people have brought it up , britain is about as weird as a country as you can get . 
  so many of our rules are bonkers and make every other nation scratch their heads , the thing is , those rules work for us . 
  no nation on earth can match the uk in making and keeping relationships , we built a powerful empire on a bluff , we are friends with all our former colonies and head the 2nd largest organization in the world and the founder of the most powerful military alliance . 
  we are bonkers we love tradition and if it ai n't broke why fix it ? 
  britain should n't change its laws because they do n't fall in line with another nations , they should change because it makes sense . 
  sadly with all of our relationships and laws already in place from 100 years ago its incredibly difficult to change any of that and most of us are not really bothered either , so until you can say with 100 % certainty that there is a reason it should change , we are staying with our strange ways . 
  we owned them last bud , we took over in ww2 . 
  just think , they are just brits that have been out in the sun too long , maybe if we trade places not only will australia be more populated and more cities but we might cheer up . 
  nah who are we kidding , we will just complain its too warm . 
  to be fair out connections to ireland run back to the roman 's era , irish fight for britain , they packed their bags and settled on main land britain and have fought to restore our monarchy in the past . 
  yes its a little odd but if you ask anybody in the uk if it should be changed 95 % of us would say no , because why should we ? 
  because the eu thinks its unfair ? 
  there is very little downside to it but plenty of benefits for both sides . 
  we went to war with you guys multiple times , our whole foreign policy for 2 centuries was to keep the status quo on the continent , its only from ww1 we became friends . 
  aside from a few exceptions . 
  well for you guys it 's a 1 country problem for the uk it stands at the head of 52 other nations so its easier for the uk to do a blanket law and give the opt out option rather than go country by country . 
  i think the last part is only for traveling between the uk and ireland and so we do n't need passports . 
  that 's why the whole `` scotland will put up borders and need passports to cross the border if they become independent `` was a thing because its something the we and the irish do n't do . 
  historically british and irish traveled too and fro each country and because we are so intertwined i guess we behave as if we are just 1 nation like we used to be despite being independent , there is a large number of irish in the uk that and irish can fight in the british army just like any commonwealth citizen . 
  its a nice little unique relationship we have . 
  it makes things a heck of lot easier , for example we do n't need passports to go from one or the other like the eu 's shengan area while anybody from outside the uk and ireland need passports to get into either of them . 
  nah we always suck , we just do n't show it . 
  our empire was built on a bluff , how else do you think we managed to keep it ? 
  throw a large army here and there and spend big , never let on . 
  britain in a nut shell . 
  if they are bringing it backwards then surely something is going wrong with it . 
  why ignore the country changing it 's rules on drugs when they have had them legal for decades ? 
  surely they are the best example we should be looking to . 
  you are aware the uk has many legal high 's right ? 
  so no need for the illegal kind . 
  also i find it funny nobody is addicted to the stuff yet they clamour for it to be legal and do it every day/week . 
  not addicted at all . 
   there 's nothing quite as effective for national unity as an outside enemy . 
  it 's true , how many enemies have stopped for a minute , looked at each other and diverted their attention to a much bigger problem . 
  but in the end , it does n't even matter, 
  basically it 's gon na be on a lgbtq tv channel ... 
  the uk has them and they are going around telling people to follow islam in a certain area and being oppressive . 
  it 's clearly not but they have to be caught first . 
  the uk has people doing the same thing , it 's illegal . 
  eurovision is less border bound and more `` well if you watch it then join in '' while a political union is border bound . 
  my mother always told me i can be anything i wanted when i grew up , some people become doctors , lawyers or attack helicopters . 
  well shit ... 
  they know easter has been and gone over here right ? ... right ? 
  tbh i thought johnson was cool , then he started the brexit crap and now im totally against him . 
  he has turned into alex sammond,
