  we are saying `` we want no part of this but we 'll tell you how to do stuff '' . 
  what we need to say is `` listen guys , we want to join the eu , the euro , the shengen area but not as it is now , let us help change things and when it 's more suitable we will join '' . 
  they would be more willing to work with us than saying `` we 'll never join '' , i recall blair and brown saying we will join the euro in a decade or so when we are ready and they where liked in the eu , now everything is falling apart . 
  the pound was the english currency and as it conquered wales , ireland and made a political union with scotland the pound because the official currency of the english empire and then britain in 1707 . 
  so scotland can claim it 's theirs as much as they like , it was england 's currency for hundreds of years first , i believe it was used around or just after the romans left . 
  the bank of england controls the pound and it 's up to those in the uk who gets to use the pound and the uk already decided in 2013 that scotland can not use it . 
  but the snp do n't give a shit because they can shit out rainbows and unicorns and independence will be epic because oil ... oh the oil just collapsed ... nevermind still have free healthcare and university . 
  the snp and brexiters are doing the same thing , no answers just false promises and crying fowl when something is said they do n't like , i recall alex sammond calling anybody who went against him a bully . 
  northern ireland can not survive without the uk and ireland is in no state to bring ni into the fold , it would be like wales leaving the uk , they may want to but they know full well they can not . 
  also that 30 % are probably the loyalists who when polled actually agreed with staying with the uk . 
  wanting something to happen is completely different to reality . 
  we would all like a united europe , but people may still want that but vote to leave it . 
   wishful thinking to believe that it ever will be we have been joined with europe before ... albeit under the romans and constant rebellions but even then they did a lot for us and we still told em to fuck off ... . then got raped and pillaged for a few hundred years . 
  history repeats itself i guess . 
  also lets ignore that britain and france almost united in 1952 as well as 2 other times in the past which is something joining the eu would do but nobody wants that right ? 
  ireland do n't want to join the uk but want to be in the same ... union . . as the uk ... yea you see how dumb this argument is ? 
  everything history has shown as is that europe will unite and nation states will vanish , the eu is showing us that even if it does n't work it 's still a goal of europe even if we like it or not . 
  the constant wars attempting this , even we had a crack at it in the 1200 's . 
  the problem is n't `` do we want to join with europe '' it 's `` who is going to be controlling this thing , how are is it going to be controlled and what is it going to be ? '', 
  at least we agree with the immigration thing though  also im not trying to be an ass or anything , it 's rare to get a debate on this that is n't `` immigration and immigrants taking benefits and free nhs '' :'(, 
   merkel is still avoiding strident anti-brexit warnings lest she boost its supporters . 
  so she has n't gone too insane , if only obama would have done the same . 
   british prime minister david cameron reportedly made the request as he negotiated for special concession for the united kingdom in february with other eu leaders in order to make continued membership more attractive to his people . 
  he knows us , odd to say really lmao . 
  it was in a video and trying to find it is proving to be a nightmare because i have no idea what i could type in to narrow the search . 
  northern ireland vote/poll brings up a hell of a lot of stuff , i did post a link that said a similar thing tho . 
  have no future ? 
  so cutting 50 % of our trade and then working out trade deals with nations that 'll last 2-3 years for each one is going to give us a future ? 
  they talk about unemployment in the eurozone but our own unemployment is pre-reccesion levels or close to it but once we leave that 's going to increase rapidly . 
  immigration is used as a blanket term and ignoring those who work hard and pay taxes and follow the law and integrate ... but hey lets just focus on the africans because it pisses people off , nobody wants to know about the good ones . 
  anybody with half a brain can look at the nhs and see that foreigners alone are keeping the service running which is why they are exempt from the governments `` earn # 34,000 or go home '' law they want to bring in . 
  i agree that voting remain means to fully commit but we still have the opt outs so we can use them to buy time until we are ready to join . 
  it 'll bounce back once the market knows we are staying in the eu , it 'll get worse if we vote to leave due to uncertainty but people will disagree for some reason . 
  i do n't know why you are jumping down my throat though , im voting remain . 
  closest i can find right now , from 2013 http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-21345997, 
  i knew you would ask that :( this is gon na take a while and no promise i can find anything , this was around 4-5 years ago . 
   f we actually got our heads together and put down those rocks and spears we might actually end up being here for the long run peace is a nice idea but it 's impossible , every single organism in existence on our planet or another fights to survive , bacteria to cats to worms to humans , if you disarm any nation they 'll just be attacked with somebody who still has weapons . 
  ( remember we disarmed germany in ww1 and still had a world war right after )  but on the grander scale of things for all our intelligence we might have to start looking beyond the `` we 're only human '' excuse on the grander scale of things that `` we are only human '' is not an excuse it 's our very nature . 
  we are animals and are subject to the same feelings they are , the difference is we built a very complex society but at the end of the day that society was built to conform to our nature . 
  to mate we need resources or be warriors and leaders ... . the more intelligent we got the arm race built larger armies , larger societies , more bigger jobs all in the aim of mating , all this happened to fuel other needs which then spawned other industries for people to take advantage off which made them more appealing to mates . 
  nature drives us , to ignore it is to ignore who and what we are , we are better than animals in the ability to change the word and to dominate all other species but does n't mean we are free of our nature . 
   we should n't be fighting at all , whats the point of being stronger than an opponent that should n't exist these days i do n't understand what you mean ... what do you mean by `` should n't '' ? 
   we 're all in it together are n't we yes but some will always go against that so what is wrong with being prepared , for example disarm western europe and lets see how soon russia will invade . 
  the royal navy has a motto `` want peace , prepare for war '' . 
   do n't pitch east vs west !!!, 
  different ideologies plus it 's not exactly east vs west but western europe and the usa vs china and russia . 
  1 side is progressive and democratic and follows human rights , while the other 2 does n't like either of those concepts . 
  the question is , who is right ? 
  only the winner decides that and right now russia and china want to be the winners , so they are putting themselves in conflict with the west and america right now is the front line of that . 
   we 'll perpetually be on the edge , because we 're just not that similar to the core eu nations . 
  that is n't always a bad thing but does n't mean you ca n't intergrate further . 
  i think it would happen because the eu is going to change in the future and we can steer it into something we would be willing to join if we put the effort in . 
  if voting remain means `` lets just be a pain in the ass and piss of europe '' then whats the point of staying ? 
  snp are in power because of the same reasoning you gave for the tories win , they where best option of the lot they had to pick from . 
  take away the snp and it would be interesting to see who runs scotland , hell the snp is just plain retarded still saying `` we 'll use the pound after independence if we leave the eu '' ( that was on the bbc yesterday ), 
   non democratic aspects of the mess of european government . 
  our government is going away from that too by the way , spying on everybody is n't democracy it 's authoritarian and it 's why i want to stay in the eu . 
  the eu keeps our government in check for better for worse , our next general election will be 4-5 years of utter crap leadership so the eu is the safeguard in my eyes . 
  if we pulled our weight the eu can change for the better and if the media actually helped instead of following the public mood they created we might get somewhere . 
  we will do all those things in time , just not right now . 
  britain has always been a country of waiting for the right time to act , saying we 'll stay and then jump head first into everything you mentioned is dumb . 
  im voting to stay not to join the euro , it 'll not benefit us at all , our currency is stronger . 
   as it stands its about 50/50 split of people from the north who want to be part of ireland or britain bad stats considering roughly 80 % want to stay with the uk , they had a vote a couple of years ago on it and i remember the speech after saying `` even those who do not want to be part of the uk admit that it 's the best option to stay '' . 
  you seem to forget , we are human , we are still animals , our missiles are just more advanced rocks and spears . 
  until we find another foe , we will fight amongst ourselves and fighting ourselves only makes us stronger . 
  your government has n't made other options available unfortunately . 
  when people bring up immigration and such i just tell them , about 4 million brits have left , a roughly equal number have entered the country to balance it out . 
  if we increased as much as people thought we would be at 70 million by now :(, 
  dictatorship is a better option ? 
  why ? 
  2 out of those are still relevant , plus you try changing centuries of tradition, 
  that was to get into europe ... the british had a gigantic navy to stop people coming to the uk :p, 
  so stop sexism in video games , only games with positive images of women get financial incentives ? 
  so what about sexism of men ? 
  2 reasons it 's on thursday 1 . 
  people are less likely to be drunk 2 . 
  the furthest day from sunday to limit the churches influence . 
  plus people was out at markets on thursdays . 
  i love how after the last general election and the low turn out , instead of blaming the people running for prime minister and the public not wanting to vote for any of the clowns they decide to blame the system and discuss mandatory voting . 
  how clueless could you possibly be ? 
  the system is working , if the same jokers are around and running for pm i wo n't vote either . 
  actually you do n't even need to have it on you at all times , i drive without it every single day and the only time i ever needed it i was told to take it to the nearest police station with my documents . 
  until about 20 years ago you only had a paper version anyway and no actual card , my mum does n't have a card for that reason and i lost mine but still hold the paper counterpart to prove i am legal to drive . 
  law is fun . 
  im voting to stay but god damn the `` what if '' has me super curious , the problem is the `` what if '' will depend on the outcome : /, 
  i copied n pasted it from a google search , looks like we can kill multiple people in different places with a bow and arrow lol . 
  chester for welsh and york for scottish, 
  it 's illegal to die in the houses of parliament  some of us know that englishmen are allowed ( obliged ? ), 
  to shoot scots with bow and arrow . 
  only on sunday . 
  pretty sure it 's a welsh man ... yea it is . 
   in chester , a person is permitted to shoot a welshman with a bow and arrow , as long as he is inside the city walls after midnight, 
  not really , the ottomans got dragged into ww1 by germany , the ottoman empire was doomed regardless of them fighting anyway though . 
  erm ... was n't getting thousands of tonnes of bombs dropped on them not accountability enough ? 
  if these idiots and islam does n't prove that religion just holds people back then i do n't know what does . 
   about a third of tasmanian devils have cancer . 
  humans have cancer cells that have n't been activated yet so the existence of cancer is normal , the tasmanian devils clearly have a gene issue going on though if a 1/3 of them are suffering from it . 
  well i fail to see what you are saying here and what it has to do with brexit . 
  do n't listen to the papers they are just scaremongering idiot 's trying to shift papers , people are opposed to turkey black mailing the eu and wanting to join the visa free zone without having the checks and balances the eu requests of all it 's members . 
   maybe brexit is not that bad of an idea .
