  we currently have the best aa ship in the world too , then again britain has always lead the way with the naval designs . 
  so i guess british make the best stuff that breaks often for the first few models , germany makes good stuff that actually works . 
  i 'll be bias and pick challenger 2 , i mean 60 rpg 's ... the things a fortress . 
  once again with the insult , bugger off with that . 
  you did n't make it clear , not my fault . 
  and sick person ? 
  really ? 
  so it 's ok to test drugs on people that are deemed `` fit for humans '' despite the fact that the very nature of the test is to make sure it actually is ? 
  we already test on humans , all im saying is in certain cases ( not forced in anyway shape or form ) it should be allowed to go from the idea through to conclusion depending on what is being tested and what is involved . 
  i am aware , i did n't say bring it back , i said do it in places where it still exists until it is phased out . 
  i know it 's heavily regulated in some places , in others you have animals abused just like most places that deal with animals , some are taken care off , some are abused . 
  you say risking human lives is disgusting and i while i do n't disagree you missed the `` those on the death penalty '' part of the argument . 
  as in they will die 100 % guaranteed which means the risk of death = 0 % . 
  so testing on somebody who is going to die regardless should be something to consider , at least until the countries that have it get rid of the death penalty , might as well get something useful out of it . 
  probably a lot nicer way to go than the way they have died lately in the usa with untested cocktails that do n't actually kill the person and just causes extreme pain . 
  at least this way like drug trials they are aware of the risk and maybe get some money from it . 
  ( their families perhaps ) . 
  if it is regulated and people actually volunteer even those not on the death penalty and the risks are spelled out , who are we to say `` no you can not '' ? 
  surely it is our right to do it if we have the option . 
  i mean come on , a company is planning to send 100 people to mars on a 1 way trip for crying out loud for the `` benefit of humanity '' . 
  there is 2 ways to take what shirinator said , i ended up thinking of 1 side of it ( general children from incest have 6 fingers and/or toes thinking ) or what you/he actually meant which i clearly did n't consider . 
  they have to start testing on animals `` which nobody cares about killing '' then adapt that treatment to humans `` which could cause death and other complications '' and quite a few medications are still released that cause problems . 
  put human lives on the line and they 'll probably use methods besides direct consumption first ( like on blood samples or something ) and they will be far more careful . 
  how do we know any of those 129 might not have been good for humans and only bad for the animal ? 
  we are biologically `` similar '' so it could have behaved in other ways . 
  because we test on animals similar to humans then adapt it for humans . 
  we can get rid of the adapt stage and learn directly from humans which means we can get results faster . 
  why wo n't prisoners work ? 
  say they are on death row , do 5 years testing drugs , if you survive or what ever then you are free to go . 
  what have they got to lose ? 
  mass immigration there is a difference to mass immigration and just going for a holiday . 
  i should not have to hand over all my medical history just because i want to go disney land or nyc for a week . 
  he said we do n't have the technology to test on humans , we do have the technology to test on humans , we have drug trials and things like that . 
  we just do n't do all the testing because its inhumane ... oh so people who are children from an incest relationship are now not human ? 
  fuck you . 
  we can test on humans , it would be far better if we did , but its `` inhumane '' to do so . 
  americans already have our medical history ( private confidential data ) when we go to visit the us for no bloody reason ... oh sorry ... to stop terrorism . 
  i refuse to visit the us as long as this shit continues , my data has nothing to do with the us . 
  fucking hate the us government , bunch of dictators , no better than putin . 
  the royal navy is fighting off the south of africa , in the caribbean and goes to the pacfic . 
  a small task force of surface ships and subs can beat morocco . 
  do n't bring china into this . 
  we protected a planet , we still do , i do n't think location is a problem for the royal navy . 
  also keep in mind there are about 2-3 blue water navies in europe , the uk , france and italy . 
  so everybody will be protecting their coasts while the uk and france pick up the slack in the med . 
  to be fair , you ended up destroying the european militarizes , our empire would still exist if it was n't for you guys . 
  i thought you liked us ? 
  not helping your case , the song sucks and is super fucking annoying, 
  1 glove never fits every had , considering our society at the moment i thought you of all people would understand it . 
  if some nations are going to prevent a union while others want a union why keep it a single road when we can split off for a while , do what we want and then when we met at the junction we can decide to join them or not . 
   likely get the same warm welcome in our new homes as the roma get you speak english better than most countries , you would be welcome in the uk ... well in small numbers at least xd, 
  mate spain wo n't help the uk against argentina but should we really behave the same way to them ? 
  that 's not our style , we 'll help regardless of our relations regarding territorial disputes , that may also change the spanish publics opinion of us as well . 
  im sorry , you said this was offensive ... i see nothing out of the ordinary here . 
  the euro really caused those problems , once that gets ironed out then you can say its a union again . 
  actually if spain ends up at war with morocco and spain is attacked rather than the aggressor european nations most notably france and britain will jump in . 
  lets be honest the 2 of these countries love a good fight it 's in our history , our blood . 
  america probably wo n't join in because ... well it 's a european fight . 
  gibraltar would be a major base of operations in the war and you bet britain 's navy would be posted there . 
  ah never good at the price thing ... im an idiot . 
  either way if managers where not payed millions and cut the pen pushers you can save ... well ... millions for new equipment , drugs nurses . 
  # 1 million can get 50 nurses , instead it gets 1 person . 
  your right we ca n't answer with much confidence but we can say they are are over paying for a lot of things and if they stop that they can save a lot . 
  the nhs can stay the same , the management needs to change , they are over spending or over paying . 
  # 58 billion is more than enough , that 's # 1billion per person near enough . 
  why is n't that enough ? 
  im not saying they are dodgy i just do n't like the sample size or percentages in general . 
  give me hard facts , the numbers that make the percentage , i just told you an easy way to get a number you want for a certain agenda . 
  it 's harder to fix the numbers that make that percentage . 
  they can express themselves but by having their parades they are inconveniencing everybody else , people might have to change their route to work because of it and a bunch of other things ... . money spent on a week long festival which could be put to better use . 
  you want to celebrate being gay ? 
  organize a party at a gay club or something , that 's one way to express themselves and their rights without being an inconvenience to others . 
  also those people who still oppose gay rights are old , they will die eventually so no , these parades are not needed in countries that have equal rights . 
  [ this guy says exactly what i think ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geixtys-p3s ), 
  if you go out your way to make somebody feel uncomfortable your an asshole . 
  sexual preference , gender or race has nothing to do with it . 
  i would prefer not , we do n't play 2nd fiddle in the eu , while we are called obama 's pet bulldog . 
  huh just googled ian mckellen marries and you get patrick stuart ... 
  took 2 years for that rumour to stop it seems . 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  i did read somewhere that we lost an empire and begrudgedly joined the eu . 
  it was basically a double loss for us . 
  we went from the most power nation on earth to ... . well being under the control of europe , that 's a hard pill to swallow from a generation who went to war with european nations , built the country back up and for what ? 
  less sovereignty ? 
  so why i agree with that sentiment , the times have moved on and the younger generation is the one to carry us forward unfortunately the older generations want to hold us back , to go back to trade union we had in 1974 and leave it at that . 
  you could say that about any country , that comment is stupidly vague , no offense . 
  every nation is running out of natural resources and will be crippled , singling out one nation means nothing in the long run . 
  the tories have pro and anti eu members among them , as do all parties . 
  what power those people have is questionable but non of them can drag us out the eu , 50 million people  200, 
  they want to privitise the nhs , the only reason i care about to keep them out of government . 
  but you keep hearing `` we want an american type system '' or `` no we do n't want to privitise '' and `` we want to privitise '' as well as `` we will not change the nhs '' . 
  basically no clear answer because the truth will lose them votes . 
  that comment was more focused at places that accept lgbt 's i do understand the importance in countries that do n't accept them . 
  still ca n't help feel frustrated by them , which is completely unfair to these people i freely admit . 
  i need to try and say `` over here i do n't want the parades , i agree they are needed in other nations '' or something similar . 
  [ just got ta google , picked an american source ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2012/11/18/the-empire-strikes-back-u-k-beats-u-s-in-soft-power-survey-says/ ) [ or a more grand headline british paper ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/britain-is-now-most-powerful-nation-on-earth-8326452.html ), 
  world wide web, 
  not really , it depends how convincing each argument is . 
  plus you have about 25million people who are over 50 , 20 million around 18-49 and the rest are under voting age . 
  ( the numbers are rough as hell ) so they are currently about equal .
