  something that has never happened before so the `` peace '' prize was earned . 
  he got that because he 's a black guy who spent billions of dollars to become president ... how is that worthy of a `` peace '' prize ? 
  he did nothing to deserve that . 
  not often other countries gets involved , nobody cared during the scottish referendum but america getting involved is like clock work and is always `` in our ( their ) interests that we stay in the status quo '' aka we want this so do it . 
  eh you could give it a shot i suppose but it wo n't last long . 
  he got employed over there , we did n't send him for that reason , admittedly we did n't try hard to convince him to stay but still . 
  good man , it 's amazing that some americans find this hard to understand , you would n't hear a peep out of us if texas wanted to leave but we got it all with scotland . 
  it 's a domestic issue , what happens in the wider world is something that everybody else has to adapt to after not try to prevent . 
   putting some money in local campaigns there is a limited set budget so they can not , it 's a rule in britain . 
  but again it 's all about america this intervention , not in the interest of britain . 
  we understand what is at stake with scotland and russia but at the same time we understand the stuff the eu want 's from us . 
  i am pro-eu but others have some legit and not so legit concerns and may vote to leave , uneducated people will not care what america says . 
  i think that was the last time they said anything was of use . 
  they spoke up about scotland leaving the uk , everybody just said stfu america , this is n't about you , most nations where completely confused and surprised it was an option and it was actually being voted on . 
  american intervention did fuck all during that and it wo n't have any effect on us now , we do n't care about what america wants , the people will decide not the usa . 
  sometimes it 's easier to see stuff from the outside and get it wrong . 
  most of it is legit when we talk about the usa and we never say it 's in your best interests to do this that or the other . 
  the usa sticks it 's nose in because it effects them , the bottom of the article says `` deprives us of a voice in shaping eu policy '' that 's not something the usa should have a say in because it 's policy is retarded and not what europe wants . 
  if it is something that does n't benefit the usa they do n't bother saying anything , including if it screws over it 's allies . 
  one good thing about the eu , it 's told huge companies to stfu , you want to exist in the eu you better follow the laws here !, 
  the eu has been massive , any gamers here would know about steam and it 's refund policy , the eu forced valve to allow refunds for users in the eu ( the tos where changed to explicity mention eu users are not covered by the policy of no refunds ) and eventually valve made it a permanent feature to steam . 
  so ... go eu !, 
  np you probably could n't find it because nobody uses it except this guy apparently . 
  rest of eu during the scottish independence referendum ruk was used to mean rest of uk, 
  not really . 
   reu 's this is n't the uk referendum stop using that !!, 
  it makes no sense . 
   eu punishes the uk for leaving . 
  and that 'll just make us hate europe and glad we left , if the eu wants to stay on good terms it would cooperate enough to not screw us over while being fair and saying `` you are no longer a member , sorry guys , we did n't ask you to leave '' rather than `` tough shit , you left , now you have to pay tariffs , sucks to be you . '', 
  because it was promised in the middle of the prime ministers next term and asked voters to give him time to secure a deal . 
  then we have a year of the stay with europe or leave europe sides to convince us of their argument and then hopefully have enough knowledge to vote `` intelligently '' . 
  of course intelligence is n't always a prerequisite for voting so those who wan na stick it to the government or racists would vote to leave , people who do n't know what is going on will vote to leave also . 
  just hope smart people outnumber the idiots and vote to stay in . 
  our soft spot has probably developed because we never saw them as a threat since the 1700 's and they openly like us and well ... germany ... we have history but they are too close to us in strength . 
  we developed a respect for france but germany ... eh they are trying , 
  i said that we wanted to reach out and join europe for that we sailed across the channel and conquered land in france . 
  we started building our empire then , sure we started looking for ways to get rich but our sea faring roots made us a powerful maritime nation . 
  having a powerful army is pointless if the enemy has a superior navy , you ca n't hold on to your empire ... as history shows . 
  haha i hear you , it does urk me myself when people say england but mean the uk as a whole either because it leaves out the others or it seems like they unfairly single out england even if it 's unintentional . 
  but i like to confuse the ever living crap out of my non british friends , it 's rather fun . 
  there may not be any mention of what i used on ( like treaties ) but surely it would imply as such ? 
  it did say used in place of and to mean uk or gb but is rarely used these days . 
  im not sure how i could prove it more outside of finding a document with it written . 
  you 'll probably have more luck if you went through the archives than me looking on google . 
  i assume it would mention in something along the lines of `` the kingdom of england and the kingdom of ( insert country ) and then `` sign here '' or something similar . 
  well we are one of the largest adopters of tech so i do n't think we would give a dam since most of us have access :p i wo n't lie , i struggled to read and understand what the graph was showing and i did n't read anything else except that we are 12th . 
  oh i know im just saying it used to be a thing and still is apparently . 
  seems anybody not from the uk seems to struggle with what to call us , i find it highly amusing , we confuse everybody . 
  can i ask is this a `` do n't call me english because im scotish '' thing ? 
  not fussed im just curious . 
  found it !!!!, 
   the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland is the constitutional monarchy occupying the island of great britain , the small nearby islands ( but not the isle of man or the channel islands ) , and the north-eastern part of the island of ireland . 
  usually , it is shortened to united kingdom or the uk , though britain is also an officially recognised short form . 
  `` great britain '' is sometimes used as a short form , and is the name used by the uk in some international organisations . 
  [ 7 ] the abbreviation gb is frequently used for the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland in international agreements , e.g. 
  universal postal union and road traffic convention , as well as in the iso 3166 country codes ( gb and gbr ) . 
  `` england '' was also formerly used synecdochically to refer to the whole united kingdom , but this usage became rare early in the 20th century . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terminology_of_the_british_isles ) look at the political terms, 
  im not going to look for 500 year old documents ... also i remember reading it but it was years ago ... im having a look around and yea ... . not having much luck . 
  always happens , i read something and years later im asked to look for it and i have no clue where i read it :'( you do n't have to believe if you do n't want to . 
  sorry mate . 
  international documents used be just `` england '' and not uk or britain but was used to include the others . 
  it was updated eventually but i guess saying england to mean uk/britain just kept going , does n't help that england is the biggest in the union . 
   belgium only speaking france belgium speaks a country ? 
  news to me !, 
  to be fair it used to be just signed `` england '' in the past , i guess the memo did n't get out , then again our government is slow as balls so is it really a surprise ? 
  higher than expected ... considering the complaints you see in the news . 
  meh we are a cynical bunch , it would be more of a surprise that he got a piece of cake and ate it than getting changes in europe . 
  meh what do i care im voting to stay in anyway , we will join europe and the emerging superstate , just give us time . 
  we need to know the benefits a clear plan of action before we do anything , right now there is nothing and we see less sovereignty . 
  if the brits are good at something , it 's planning to do the impossible , right now there is no plan it 's just do ... we are daft but we ai n't stupid . 
  you are right , it was the sea faring nation we are today that forced us to invade europe in the medieval era , we wanted to be part of the european group but under our terms . 
  once we lost our holdings in europe we looked else where and shortly after built an empire and left europe behind and we became more powerful as a result . 
  it was that island mentality that got us where we are today . 
  the main thing is years we have felt safe on the island and our greatest fear was for somebody to unite europe and use it 's resources to invade us . 
  we have always kept the status quo in europe and kept everybody at arms reach , we have been to war with a bunch of you too ( hi france ) so while we are allies now the past still shapes us . 
  the eec was market place for british goods and the eu was a tool to stop war in europe something britain could back because no war = nobody trying to unite europe . 
  once it became a goal of unifying europe britain got cold feet because of our foreign policy . 
  the british people are stuck in the past in some area 's you see that in everything we do ... but at the same time we are very forward thinking . 
  we saw the euro crises coming and stayed out and then get told off by the eu when we did n't want to help ... that caused tension . 
  we offer advice and it 's taken the wrong way and then we are asked to help despite not being involved . 
  rather annoying . 
  it 's a tool used by the government to be corrupt and make the population focus on something else . 
  the argentinian junta invaded the falklands to try and stay in power and to distract people from the poor economy ... they lost he lost his power . 
   german well somebody is optimistic . 
  kinder eggs must have been really bad then . 
  the uk also has 3 parliaments and then the houses of parliament in london but is still a unified state with 1 head of state among the 4 nations . 
  just like your president watches over 50 states . 
  the eu has 28 sovereign nations who are not politically tied to each other , seperate economies , military 's and everything that a sovereign nation has including borders . 
  the usa has all of intertwinned because the united states is just one large nation , they used to be separate ( 13 colonies ) but then united in every single way to form 1 country . 
  the eu is a continent with many different nations on it , they are not a united state in anyway shape or form , the closest you get to that is the uk . 
  the european union is a `` peace project '' not a single nation . 
  when you can get 1 state to say no and stop something from passing with a veto system , and potentially legally leave let me know then we can start comparing . 
  it can be argued though that if it was n't for the british paying every european nation to build an army and forge ... what was it ? 
  as well blockading france , british forces fighting in spain and britain being the only nation france never made peace with during the whole napoleonic era that it was largely a british victory . 
  europe helped massively and all credit to them ( we needed their land armies ) , but it took you 7 tries guys , shove a brit in belgium with an army and things turned out fine apparently ... . maybe history should repeat itself :p, 
   us inter-state trade is not counted , eu is n't like the usa at the moment so how can you expect to compare the 2 ? 
  1 has 28 parliaments and heads of states , the other has 1 head of state looking over 50 states . 
  internal trade that happens in every nation is not the same as exporting and importing to another nation not under your rule . 
  oh sorry i remember hearing about hms victory having issues with leaks and restoration so it needed to be moved .
