  you complain about our drinking but say you are glad our women are easy . 
  ca n't really have one without the other , unless you look like a super model and treat em like shit that is . 
  sorry but that still is n't an argument , if you are in the middle lane on an empty road then sure i understand , it 's more of `` whats the point ? '', 
  but if the is somebody on the road with you i have no problems . 
  stupid and wrong are both opinions , dangerous , you have n't given me any example as to how it 's dangerous , i have had more nob heads nearly hit me changing lanes ( with me in the middle lane ) than i have hitting anybody else . 
  ( can i just say i go in the middle lane because where i live you can end up turning off when you do n't want to so it 's far easier to hang out in the middle lane . 
  fair enough , i guess i was applying my hate for insurance companies putting a price tag on lives to the stuff you mentioned . 
  no it does n't cause delays and no it does n't cause congestion , if you are in the middle lane you are going faster than the outside lane . 
  delays come when somebody wants to get on the motorway and one of the cars has to break and causes a ghost traffic jam because of the knock on effect , that can be caused by somebody over taking at the time even if that person is n't hogging the lane . 
  and it is n't dangerous , your going to say you get complacent and less aware of whats going on around you , same can be said in the outside lane but nobody ever tells you to not hog that lane . 
  there is no good argument . 
  also people are going to be over taking all the time anyway so you never know who is hogging the lane or not because those lanes will always have cars in them over taking regardless of this law . 
  why build motorways with 3-4 lanes when driving in them causes congestion ? 
  oh because 1-2 cause congestion . 
  if you can get the same results as the super expensive but it takes longer then its not putting a price on a life it 's being smart with the money . 
  i 'll point to the american system of healthcare to show you why life should not have a price tag . 
  because it can not be enforced at all . 
  also nobody can give me a good reason as why people should n't stay in the middle lane . 
  trust me i had this argument with many people , they say the same thing and its not a good or logical reason other than `` you just should n't '' . 
  so yea , it 's a silly law to try and pass . 
  like should never have a price tag associated with it . 
  they wanted to implement a silly little law where you was fined if you `` hog '' the middle lane on a motorway . 
  thats the kind of rubbish they want to pass . 
  the more you allow the countries in our union to control their own affairs the closer they get to independence , tighter union will kill the desire to be independent . 
  they say as long as the snp have power in scotland then labour simply can not win . 
  they say phones are opt out but you can still get porn without having to opt out haha . 
  it just appeared on my browser for me , i clicked no and said i had to sign in with my virgin account , i just closed the browser and loaded back up to avoid it . 
  4 weeks later it asked me again , i clicked no and accepted it haha . 
  this filter will stop 10 year olds looking at porn ... considering it 's those 10 year olds who are more likely to get the filter question appear . 
  you must be downloading 50gb a day or something for that to happen , jeeze, 
  what can you do with 20 million people are doing the same crime ? 
  even using a scapegoat and fining them millions wo n't stop , people will just get more annoyed and do it out of spite . 
  so laws like this are pointless . 
  something i have noticed , the uk has a habit of creating laws it can not enforce . 
  i guess the government does it to make them look like they are doing something . 
  also once again our government is showing they like the big corporations and trying help their pals make money and showing they have no idea how technology works . 
  ca n't wait for the 5 years to end , hopefully we might get more technologically knowledgeable party , because old school ideas in a digital world will just ruin us . 
  [ one important change that occurs at night time is increased levels of the ` darkness hormone ' melatonin , which helps us to fall asleep . 
  most adults start to produce melatonin at about 10pm . 
  when teenagers were studied in a sleep laboratory , researchers discovered that they only began to produce the hormone at 1am . 
  this delay in melatonin production might be caused by the behaviour of teenagers . 
  when they stay up late , they often play computer games or watch television . 
  this stimulates the brain and exposes the teenagers to bright lights which could cause the later release of melatonin . 
  on the other hand , the hormonal upheaval of puberty could be pushing the melatonin release back , in which case teenagers are being kept awake by their bodies - they simply ca n't help their peculiar sleeping behaviour . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/science/humanbody/body/articles/lifecycle/teenagers/sleep.shtml ) i 'll put it this way , why the `` technology '' argument `` might '' have some truth to it , there is literally no reason it can not apply to adults and whats the difference between adults and teenagers ? 
  one of them is still growing with a body full of hormones going bat shit insane . 
  so like i said , biology prevents them from sleeping while the world makes them wake up with less sleep and of course they then get labeled lazy and told to go bed earlier which does n't always work . 
  * shrug * i just heard about it , so never found out if it happened or not . 
  take something long enough and it no longer becomes effective , biology trumps drugs . 
  we are the perfect machine ... ... that ends up breaking down and failing ... . 
  considering you guys now need to wear bands so you do n't end up sleeping with a cousin ( not always a bad thing ) i wo n't put anything past iceland , 
  guess what ? 
  fruit juice has lots of sugar in them as well and are naturally sweet , lets ban them as well . 
  basically moderation is important , out right banning them to be bought by anybody under the age of 16 is nothing short of draconian . 
  it 's biologically impossible to enforce that . 
  want to learn something interesting ? 
  they can still drink coffee so that 's a lame reason to ban energy drinks . 
  but seriously the actual interesting thing is teenagers struggle to sleep due to their bodies changing it 's hard weird into us that this is a stage in our lives . 
  even if you go bed at 10 you probably ca n't go to sleep until 1 and then you are tired , thats nothing to do with you staying up all night ( according to everybody ) but it 's biology causing it , it 's the same for almost everybody so energy drinks are not going to do much . 
  iceland is a little different to everybody else mate . 
  in the uk kids can not buy alcohol but it 's not illegal for them to drink it , technically a child can drink from the age of 5 under adult supervision and in a pub/restaurant ( at the discretion of the owner ) from the age of 13-14 as long as it is with a meal ( still not allowed to order an alcoholic drink but an adult can legally buy it for them ) . 
  so yea most of europe is very open minded with alcohol and minors , it 's only illegal to be bought . 
  also keep in mind most countries have a bigger population that iceland which makes it impossible to enforce , like a smoking ban . 
  erm ... that 's very dictatorship like , kids should be able to buy energy drinks . 
  whats next fining people for buying energy drinks for minors ? 
  yup, 
  something to do with arrows and mud , gg france, 
  steve balmer bought nokia to try and get into the phone market , that kinda failed so the new guy closed it all down and brought it all internally , with rumours of getting out the market . 
  hope not because the windows phones are great , they just need apps , but apparently you can sell any old shit on ios and android and just not patch anything so nobody bothers with the wp . 
  i worked for sony for 2 months as a qa tester and had to use lots of ipods/ipads and android devices to make sure they did n't break the game . 
  needless to say i got sick of them , they are actually pretty shit devices and all i was doing was connecting to wifi and changing language settings . 
  i bought a windows phone and love it . 
  so ... russia will back the russian statues and that part of lithuania will suddenly want independence because they are under threat ? 
  true but it should still be an option , after all there is no way wales will leave the uk but it can still vote on the issue and if they want to leave they can because the option is there . 
  it was n't actually . 
  when scotland joined england to create britain it was a political union and not an annexation and the option to leave was given to scotland as part of the deal . 
  considering you where part of the greatest empire on earth for 300 years and was considered a crucial part in it you guys where more than happy to stay , it was only until the 80 's when the tories destroyed the country that you guys started being more nationalistic . 
  shame really . 
  so all you guys where doing was using your right to have a referendum for independence , which by the way appears to be a defacto thing for all uk nations like wale 's , n.ireland , falklands , channel islands , etc , etc. 
  considering the uk would allow the falkland islands to be independent and they have 3000 people ... as small as you want i guess . 
  i meant first as in had a referendum , not becoming independent . 
  look at it this way , you guys helped set a precedent for everybody in the world to follow . 
  you asked for a referendum for independence and the uk gave you one no questions asked which means there is some pressure on other nations to do the same . 
  you should be happy , you are still shaping the world even though you are not on your own . 
  why would the american 's crash 2 planes into the world trade centers ? 
  well i was willing to give scotland a chance despite being a unionist myself , i always felt they would vote no though . 
  and i feel if im willing to accept a country leave our union why should we stop anybody else ? 
  that 's what i do n't like the usa or the eu doing atm , saying nobody can leave . 
  and lets be honest it was funny reading all the view points of countries looking on at amazement thinking `` what the fuck are the brits doing ? 
  they are letting themselves split up ? '', 
  the responses for that was just so funny . 
  here is a thing i keep in mind when `` bashing '' countries . 
  i learned to keep the people ( unless they are are overwelmingly similar ) and the government as 2 separate entities . 
  i hate the american government for example but not the people ( though some are complete idiots but i digress . ), 
  besides you seem to have a certain view of the catalan people so could your government not be showing you lots of propaganda to stop the majority backing the catalan people in getting independence ? 
  scotland went first , it 's your turn now guys , 
  sounds like the set of heartbeat !, 
  wales and n.ireland are aware they can not stand alone but even so they are very heavily pro-uk anyway so even if they could they would stick around . 
  scotland can go alone if it wanted to but the snp could n't give a good enough argument as to what would happen and some last ditch promises from westminister got them to stay . 
  i wish the catalonians luck , anybody should be allowed to become independent if it is a peaceful process .
