  ireland was under british rule for 800 years . 
  britain itself has n't had many invasion attempts made towards it for 600 years ( give or take ) . 
  britain sees ireland as a spring board into the uk and will defend her at all costs , remember britain occupied iceland to stop nazi germany using it as an airport ( we built one there instead ) and we tried to take norway for the same reason . 
  it 's not really a choice for ireland , it 's generally expected for british security that ireland needs to be defended at all costs and on the british side or neutral . 
  from my knowledge there was no united politically controlled ireland just like there was no united wales until devolution came in which made wales a country . 
  ireland not being a united nation means there was technically no borders to give back/go to for an irish state . 
  ireland as a united entity was created under british rule and a large majority left . 
  those who wanted to stay got their wish and their right respected and defended . 
  the ireland that exists today is the largest version of ireland in history of the island , if anything the republic separated the island not the british , they left a union and caused the divide . 
  china ... singapore , pretty much all of the pacific nations . 
  could ireland fight off britain this time ? 
  everybody was trying to conquer everybody , even ireland wanted to invade the british mainland . 
  every nation in the uk that bitches and moans at england and the english wanted to conquer the english and are just butt hurt they never managed to do it and got conquered themselves ... oddly enough the scottish did n't get conquered but they still hate us so fuck those guys , 
  if a whole nation ( uk ) can forgive japan 's actions in ww2 after 20 years i am pretty sure 30 years for a small scale conflict is more than enough time . 
  the problem is those who had family fight and/or die in the fighting hold animosity but most have moved on . 
  only takes a small fire to create a big one . 
  yes , it 's been mentioned as a war between britain and germany for reserving the lounge chairs and spots on the beach . 
  italy is declaring war on the english and germans . 
  how about it guys , shall we create an alliance like old times ? 
  so strip all the irish in britain of their citizenship then since they all left . 
  you are basically punishing me because of where i was born ? 
  i have no idea , i think grandparents or great grandparents . 
  well my mum said `` one day with all these bombings , they 'll make planes for only foreigners to fly in on . '', 
  she voted brexit if you can believe that . 
  my grandad was from the republic so i have every right to get a passport for ireland if i wanted one , so how is it unfair for brits to use their irish heritage for their personal gain ? 
  sorry to break it to you but war is still a necessary part of humanity 's existence and always will be . 
  europe has just kinda stopped for a while . 
  kinda interesting to see the big 5 military powers not have a population willing to fight ( volunteer ) . 
  decades of conditioning to feel bad for slavery . 
  we are brought up to be ashamed of it . 
  yea . . people are dumb, 
  we bro 's again now ? 
  something , something , something , muh feminism . 
  black friday is actually dying over here because of the violence . 
  of course we took the port closest to dover . 
  our historical ties and our achievements have made us a valuable trading partner , it 's kinda weird . 
  that and our place on the world stage means we ca n't really be ignored and people are more willing to bend to our demands/requests . 
  lucky us . 
  so ... . is that librarian and barista single ? 
  and they invaded a neighbour , invasions cost money yo . 
  i dunno i just remember hearing that somewhere in france the waiters argue with you . 
  so i dunno xd, 
  keeping the peace ? 
  oddly enough that can be done without shooting people in the face with a high powered rifle . 
  who knew ? 
  i hear the french ones are rude and argue with you because the french expect it as part of their service ? 
  french are weird . 
  is that a branch of the police force or military ? 
  if military i 'll always argue the sas as the best in the world . 
  sexual assault ( touching a girls ass ) is considered violent crime in the uk so the stats are boosted by it . 
  it 's actually kinda funny how our police came to be how they are . 
  the guy who found the metropolitan police said the british public was terrified that the police would be `` at home on the street military force '' so he decided that the police would not carry a gun and wear blue instead of red ( so they did n't look like the military ) . 
  200 + years later and it 's stayed pretty much the same and we are the largest industrialized urban nation in the world that has a police force that does n't carry guns . 
  new zealand is the 2nd country who managed to do it because they copied the british system . 
  it 's also ironic that the fears of the british people 200 years ago has become a reality in america . 
  german sense of humour is better than the french but if we are keeping stereotypes then i agree . 
  no you 're not , however you are scottish so maybe that is good enough to excuse you ? 
  and according to the american 's our violence rate is higher ... so our police can do their job without shooting people , somebody needs to let them know asap . 
  well apparently men are being hired because of our genitals because they are not of the female variety . 
  we are not so different after all . 
  breaking news there are now more women in top jobs than men , we need to fix this posted 6 june 2024, 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  you do n't give me an answer but i am the one with the extreme responses ? 
  whatever . 
  what they supposed to do exactly ? 
  panic ? 
  tell people the world is going to end ? 
  or realize there is nothing they can do so they move on with their daily lives . 
  you may find this hard to believe but people have far more important things to do in their own lives than to worry about people on the other side of the world . 
  erm the airports had armed police but they where mainly the only area 's in the north of england you would see them so it was rare that you would and you also knew why they where there because at the time airports was a common target . 
  walking around doing patrols on the streets has n't happened yet on the british main land since ever really . 
  ( except for ww2 ), 
  so people ca n't have fun or continue with their lives because people are getting killed in another country . 
  depends on where you live of course . 
  just in the uk the military on the street would be `` the country is falling apart '' level of bad ... unless there was a flood and you just shrug and carry on because we know they are asked to help out . 
  no you ca n't but people would still kill each other just like they do today without war . 
  that 's what i was trying to say . 
  ( raping and pillaging for example ), 
  when was the last time we had to overthrow our government ? 
  about 500 years ago . 
  so what if they do ? 
  he was stopped after he killed people so ... still not preventative, 
  our military would not side with the government if the public is calling for their heads . 
  obviously not . 
  porn is the devil as well remember . 
  the nice attack wo n't be stopped by patrols it 's just a calming measure not a preventative measure . 
  also you are happy that the situation is bad enough in an area for more armed soldiers on the streets ? 
  what ? 
  if i saw the british military on the streets , i would be very worried . 
  i mean we are used to the military stepping into civilian affairs to help local law enforcement but something like this would be completely different . 
  we would go from gunless police to armed to the teeth soldiers . 
  fuck sake , you could be bombing with 100 planes and then reduced it to 5 and you 'll still be `` correct '' and shows sanctions are doing nothing in your logic . 
  how about you just accept they actually worked enough for russia to scale back on everything it 's doing so it 's not as effective . 
  he 's right , the world has always been this way actually no , it used it be far worse ( wars every year ) . 
  the only difference between now and then is how much information we have access to 24/7, 
  so what you are saying is ... they scaled back what they where doing ? 
  then you have n.korea . 
  i know . 
  but the whole nation is n't full of tall men , just tall in relation to themselves so a short girl and short guy will still fuck . 
  the thing is the off spring is pretty much always taller than their parents as so height increases anyway .
