  america was n't on the front lines of 2 world wars , they was an ocean away , sure there was a couple of u-boats but that was it , also the ussr could n't have won the war on their own , the usn and royal navy where taking supplies to the ussr so they could fight ( they would n't have won without those supplies ) . 
  britain was buy ww1 ships , weapons and other supplies from the usa before lend lease , we ended up sinking the french navy in desperation to show you that we was willing to do what ever it takes to win . 
  you thought we would n't survive 2 weeks in the battle of britain . 
  the allies won because britain was n't conquered , and so it could still ship supplies around the world ( having complete control of the sea 's ) and was the staging point of the largest naval invasion in history . 
  if britain lost , america would have been invaded eventually and so the ussr would have fell . 
  problem is you just saw the war as your way to benefit , you did n't care what happened and as soon as you saw your chance to bargin you decided to get as much as you could from your `` ally '' . 
  it 's been that way ever since , the american government never really liked britain , it was scared and took the chance to crush it when the time came . 
  when britain needed a friend you turned your back . 
  when have we ever done that to the us ? 
  i do n't think many would argue britain was top dog during ww2 , it ruled 1/4 of the earth and it 's population at the time , it was also the most economically powerful , it 's navy was unmatched . 
  no empire matched britains since 1812 , so with that in mind i can without a doubt ... consider you an idiot . 
  yea but you have a year to claim it , or you need to pay for it . 
  how did you not know that ? 
  it 's a running joke to those older than you `` you got your bus pass yet ? '', 
  followed by a smack . 
  yea im not fan of that stuff either . 
  yea i think that pretty much all the time , one or 2 of them have had my approval . 
  considering i saw some old guy driving in a car park in first gear ( pretty much destroying his engine ) i think there should be more people off the road . 
  i also did n't even know this was a thing . 
  at 60 when you get a free bus pass you should be tested to see if you can still drive , might as well since you have another option of transport at that age . 
  actually we was n't trying to re-establish our empire , britain built the suez canal and wanted to keep hold of it because egypt wanted to nationalize it . 
  well france open supported us , trained our sea harrier pilots because they had the same planes as argentina and just recently said we could borrow their carrier if things from rough at a time america was getting cozy with argentina . 
  also yes we benefit from our own territory but we gave you access to it when we needed lend lease ... you forced the most powerful empire in the world to give you territory , that 's humiliating . 
  how 's the un ? 
  ( which killed our empire ) how 's the suez canal doing ? 
  ( could have been free for allies but you made us stop and showed us up ) . 
  how is the territory we leased to you for 99 years in the indian ocean in order for you to do the lend lease act ? 
  you humiliated and embarrassed us at our most vulnerable time and your government backs argentina when it comes to the falklands . 
  oh and you throw us under the bus when it comes to spy operations and terrorism , your a great pal !, 
  we are daft enough to have them when nobody else will . 
  what can i say , we are just strange . 
  i could come up with a few examples where the us has fucked us a few times , some recent some old . 
  i agree the special relationship exists through the people but the us government since ww1 has fucked us over , jealous of our power ( empire ) built an institution specifically to destroy empires ( un ) stopped the uk acting independently on the world stage ( suez crisis ) and many more . 
  united states of america , the best ( worst ) friend anybody could have . 
  germany is only relevant in europe , but the uk out matches germany not only in europe ( long term ) but globally as well . 
  only france has the experience to match britain on the global stage out of any eu nation . 
  well it has gone away from government and military cooperation and now it 's the people, 
  the vice is put on for the need to look cool or to be accepted in a particular group . 
  there is no other reason to take it up , the only people who i guess get a pass are those who do it because it 's all they have ever known growing up . 
  but when they are 12-13 years old smoking to be the `` cool kid '' it 's a selfish choice , fuck everybody else and that attitude continues and the vice just multiplies that 10 fold . 
  i know what you mean but honestly , yes i would . 
  they smoke outside , it gets stuck on their clothes , they come back in and all you can smell is the smoke on their breath and clothes . 
  trust me i have family who smoke and i can spend 1 hour in their company ( despite them smoking outside or out the way ) and my eyes sting and my throat feels like its closing . 
  and i wake up in a morning and my clothes smell of smoke and yea that day is never fun . 
  i appreciate the attempt to move out the way but in the end it 's pretty futile in the long run . 
  smoking is a very selfish habit regardless of how you look at it . 
  does n't have too much imagination to it , oh and the irony of the queen of the british empire being deported to australia . 
  more people die from 2nd hand smoke than actually smoking . 
  fuck smokers , selfish assholes do n't care they are killing others because of a craving . 
  so outside of scandinavia britain is the lowest , cool . 
  is nelsons column and victoria 's statue still in the republic ? 
  this time he pretty much said we are the top ally `` we have no better ally '' normally he says `` one of our strongest allies '' then again i guess he was kind of forced into saying it . 
  in regards to the special relationship , people can say its suffering when our governments disagree , but i do n't think it 's between our governments , its between the people . 
  the 2 governments could hate each other but the populations of each country would still like each other , neither of us like our governments and thats something we have in common all the time . 
  so yea the special relationship is through the people ( which the government is supposed to represent ) . 
  we celebrated bonfire night at their place , not our fault they did n't appreciate it . 
  true but they could localise it for you so you could enjoy it more . 
  to be fair it would be cheaper to fix the train and trains practically drive themselves , so the driver can go do something else until the train is coming into the station . 
  [ how did i forget our queens coronation !!, 
  1952 ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/06/04/article-2335835-0065ecc500000258-613_634x597.jpg ), 
  that 's a fair argument . 
  i just feel that if danish people are paying to view the content they may feel obligated to cater slightly to that audience in order to keep subscribers , does that make sense ? 
  could n't we divert to dover and put on ships to prioritize freight , this way they are still moving and lessens the load on the eurotunnel . 
  also as far as im concerned the trains should n't stop , if they are dumb enough to run in there and get hit then that 's their problem , make it impossible to walk in there with some kind of system that makes it safe during an emergency . 
  if they know they will die in large numbers and pretty much guaranteed they will stop . 
  iconic ? 
  could n't tell you . 
  i hear many people say they learn english from tv shows and movies , so yes some people would get a bbc online sub even if they do n't know english . 
  it 's like getting a foreign language dictionary , you do n't understand a word of it but you use it to help you learn . 
  fair enough , nice to know . 
  thanks . 
  i would ask the same question until i saw snow in libya after gaddafi was killed ... . so maybe ? 
  [ a ban on circumcision in germany has shocked the nation 's jews and muslims . 
  the right of parents to make decisions for their children is now under the spotlight . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-18793842 ) then [ german government to overturn regional court ban on circumcision ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/german-government-overturn-regional-court-ban-circumcision-723338 ) also most of the arguments for the practice to continue is 1 . 
  been happening for 4000 years ... . 2 . 
  because of germany 's history with the jews . 
  you sure it was madam tussauds ? 
  they do wax models not plastic ... 
  london zoo , the biggest in the world . 
  and the museum of british history ( i think it 's called ) is the biggest museum in the world and is free . 
  because it 's connected to the west end perhaps ? 
  or did you not know that ? 
  portugal is a catholic country , why are people surprised ? 
  i remember a quote `` people are pro-life but once your born nobody gives a shit about you '' . 
  there are many reasons for abortion , if you are so blind that you can not see them or understand why people would want to do it but instead force your opinion on them and put those people down and call them murderers then you can piss off as far as im concerned . 
  same . 
  also just to add , a german court banned circumcisions until the government overruled it because of protests . 
  basically the german government  german courts and german law . 
  people who support circumcision who seems to think it 's ok due to religious reasons , let me ask you one thing . 
  why is female circumcision not ok and is referred to as mutilation ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  both are forced practices made in different countries/cultures/religions . 
  basically the same as non cut , except instead of the foreskin rubbing over the head , it is their hand that does it , they use lube though because it 's dry as hell while uncut guys penises get lubricant from the precum getting spread over the head by the foreskin . 
  as long as we can watch your porn that 's great entertainment , seriously we laugh a lot at horrible dubbed porn pretty sure some of it is german , there women still have bush . 
  never seen it . 
  anybody under the age of 16 can have sex over here , its not illegal . 
  so you can be 12 and they can be 15 , it 's a tad weird ( for that age group ) but not illegal . 
  maybe you guys pay for it to be broadcast who knows , also the bbc does n't pay for broadcasting outside the uk so its another companies job to do it and if they buy the shows they should get a cut , otherwise they ca n't buy them in the future or keep the station going . 
  yes i am well aware , which is why i was poking fun at the germans in the last part .
