  no problem , i try and not say things i ca n't back up , always frustrating when i ca n't find the articles i read and i look like an idiot  but i guess we will have to agree to disagree on some things . 
  i enjoyed the discussion . 
  [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falklands_war#british_task_force] ( the retaking of the falkland islands was considered extremely difficult : the main constraint being the disparity in deployable air cover . 
  the british had a total of 42 aircraft ( 28 sea harriers and 14 harrier gr .3 s ) available for air combat operations , [ 53 ] against approximately 122 serviceable jet fighters , of which about 50 were employed as air superiority fighters and the remainder as strike aircraft , in argentina 's air forces during the war . 
  [ 54 ] the us navy considered a successful counter-invasion by the british to be `` a military impossibility '' ), 
  that 's one hell of a perk for the russian military . 
  god bless the lancaster . 
  makes you proud to be british . 
  we probably got given it for one of our raids , we did far more raids on germany than the american 's . 
  we had 2 extra years of bombing . 
  wow all you hear is laughing at an explosion that size . 
  70 years ago thousands of them being dropped people would be screaming and running for their lives . 
  i ca n't imagine a bombing run with those bombs ... guess dresden makes sense now , nothing but rubble . 
  the joke is the bombs come to the surface when the rivers dries up , so its like they floated . 
  one in london , visited it when i was younger , called lego land windsor . 
  to be fair , the work is already being started/nearly done so no point taking it back now . 
  you know the danish said at one point `` why is it always the british and americans that have men dying for us ? 
  why can small nations like ours lend them a hand ? '', 
  the eu does want to pull its weight the uk is taking on more than its fair share its side by side america in every conflict even with our ancient gear and low numbers and do just as well if not better in certain cases , training allows our troops to use what they have effectively rather than rely on the technology itself unlike american troops that depend on their technology first . 
  also the uk is one the best equipped forces in the world right now we have state of the art gear mothballed away ready for the next fight because of afghanistan . 
  britain and america have 2 different ways of fight , britain is more accurate , low casualty important fights firsts , america is more gungho and will go and fight anywhere regardless if the area is important or not and will throw bodies at it . 
  [ `` the british could have emulated the american model of massing combat power to strike hard and fast . 
  and the marines could have grasped the british wisdom in picking only the most important fights . 
  the result almost certainly would have been fewer body bags draped with the union flag or the stars and stripes . 
  '' ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/jul/03/us-army-battles-british-afghanistan ) britain struggled with the falklands because it was 4000m away , our aircraft where outmatched by the argentinian air force , they was at home , we did the longest bombing raid in history , kicked the argentinian air force to the curb with inferior sea harriers ( training  tech ) and had to land a force on the islands to try and take it back from an entrenched enemy . 
  like i said , the american 's considered it impossible to do ... . either britain is good at doing the impossible , or american commanders are/where incompetent up to you on that . 
  the last nation your blitzkrieged was vietnam is absolute desperation to get the win , you almost made it into a car park and still lost , that war had no british force restraining you , that 's how deadly you guys can be . 
  probably why you never go in a war without the uk , i mean if you could dismantle iraq so easily ( despite a coalition fighting so can you really put the victory down to just america ? 
  why would you need us there if that 's the case ? ), 
  why not attack syria on your own ? 
  why back down once parliament said no to the bombing raids ? 
  i will admit british forces need american supplies to do their job 's the personal can lower effectiveness as noted in the article above . 
  also i would like to add , for now america will not scale back its military , navy or land force , you do n't need a base in every nation yet you keep them there anyway . 
  so if you got all than man power to spare and have an axe to grind can you really blame eu nations for sitting back ? 
  either way when the eu creates a joint military force you can scale back your forces because at that point a harmonized european military force will out class anything america can put together . 
  holy shit that 's a lot of writing , my teachers would be proud to see that , since they never did when i was in school haha, 
  a country does n't just randomly acknowledge independence from a troublesome area for kicks and giggles unfortunately . 
  you do n't understand the seriousness of this , he sent a letter . 
  one does not simply ignore a letter written from an english person , that is how you know we are angry beyond belief . 
  i do n't really care , i follow rugby and despise football , it was a mix of disappointment of not getting it along with knowing we did n't get it because of corruption . 
  i talk about money corruption , you bring up child abuse . 
  really , you want to ramp it up that much to make a point ? 
  he have people sending dick pics as well , then they leave . 
  i would like to say some mp 's have been found innocent and kept their jobs , some have been arrested and jailed or waiting for trial . 
  would like to say though , i am unaware of any suspected child abuser to still be an mp , if you would like to show me who ( an article or something ) i would appreciate it . 
  modern , yes , also not sure i believe the protestants love of money thing . 
  it 's that a jewish thing ? 
  also i am aware people made the connections between the religion and the western worlds success but it 's still improving despite religion loosing numbers , so is that really a good connection to make ? 
  been there , done that and got the t-shirt , we might still be doing that if america decided to not create an anti-empire institution which gave more reason to dismantle it 's empire . 
  your happy to brag about you $ 14 trillion economy , so how can a country of # 2 trillion supposed to keep up with the spending ? 
  maybe if we did n't have a giant nhs budget but we would rather have the nhs than a large military . 
  oh and keep in mind the uk is capable of doing of protecting trade routes and things , it does it on a daily basis . 
  oh and for the record , the uk has a 95 % success rate in war , the best record of any nation in history , waxed in any modern conflict ? 
  do n't think so . 
  when was the last war america fought on its own and won ? 
  britain 's was 1982 back then it was a more equal fight between argentina and britain 4000m away from home so had a massive disadvantage . 
  if you know the british military like you say you do , im surprised you would count it out so dam easily . 
  it 's size is small no doubt but we have always been outmanned and outgunned on land , does n't mean we lose . 
  would like to say , sorry for seeming like an ass , your original comment just annoyed the living hell out of me , right now im trying to have a reasonable discussion , no hatred , i enjoy these discussions . 
  hsbc literally said stop with the fines and regulations or we 'll leave the country ( well at least the hq ) . 
  petty is not the word for it . 
  they got caught and it was made public , if the government does nothing then they have people calling for their heads . 
  also banks are just area , insurance companies , weapons manufacturers and many more . 
  britain has its fair share of corruption do n't get me wrong , but it 's stupidly obvious in the us . 
  rule of law is taken extremely seriously ? 
  that 's a joke , it 's serious to those who have no money . 
  companies have their hands in politicians politics for crying out loud . 
  oh i know but i feel he is a product of his times education system , tends to be the reason most argentinian 's think the same . 
  ca n't blame them for falling for propaganda at a young age . 
  it 's not really unless your argentina , it was one of the first things he said when he became pope , that the falklands belong to argentina . 
  except for that i like the guy , he 's changing the catholic church ... still hate the religion , well i hate most of them but it 's a start . 
  i put that in for a bit of humour , do n't worry about it , 
  nope , just tried to google it and found a lot more bombs in sheds , some recently . 
  was rather surprised at that . 
  none . 
  let me guess you where in the american military correct ? 
  i do n't see how this has relevance to the fact that the usa does n't give a crap about its allies laws . 
  pakistan was complaining about america using drones in it 's country for example . 
  a terrorist was killed in yemen and straight away to avoid blame said `` it was n't our guy , it was the brits guy '' . 
  or refusing to tell british intelligence about a potential terrorist attack because their guy might get caught ... putting hundreds of civilian lives at risk . 
  if you want to involve war time environments into this , i am aware the usa the great land of freedom has a policy of not taking war criminals unless you had something to gain . 
  i can do this all day mate . 
  you said it yourself if determined the usa will put troops onto foreign soil without thinking twice about the consequences , allied or not . 
  so what are you trying to argue exactly ? 
  that you should be allowed to ignore the sovereignty of a nation because your the big bad us of a ? 
  my nan is catholic goes to mass every sunday . 
  drinks like crazy , racist as a 18th century american and smokes like a chimney . 
  very catholic indeed -_-, 
  the pope seems to be fairly progressive ( except over the falklands , ass ) and the vatican are still stuck in the old ways . 
  makes you wonder which will change first , considering the vatican pick the pope . 
  wait what ? 
  the uk is your strongest ally and is far more successful in war that america is , you though the falklands would be impossible to retake . 
  also you dragged us to afghanistan and iraq , god forbid we ask nato who 's chief commander was american for a hand , but it was left to the uk and france anyway . 
  also how about you stop telling us to beef up our spending on defense and lower yours , china and india have more man power than you but spend less in both training and supplies . 
  also what does qatar have to do with europe ? 
  how they build the stadium is up to them , we ca n't force anything to change without proof . 
  one guy had a bomb in his shed until a couple of years ago haha . 
  we just found one in london people from the bgt studio had to be evacuated . 
  consider it a trade ? 
  aka we do n't give a fuck about laws we want our man .
