  the lancasters always repay their debts in full . 
  thats why we have the pies, 
  the seeds go but bird shit stays . 
  i like how instead of calling the police the admins just told him to kindly fuck off . 
  i there are always exceptions to things . 
  you realized other boys did n't play with dolls so you kept your shut so you did n't seem wierd , thats normal not social conditioning . 
  i like pokemon but i do n't tell anyone because they might take the piss ... pokemon is gender neutral but people think its sad . 
  oh and lots of girls naturally gravitate to sports but do hockey or swimming less physical stuff, 
  erm wanting to play with a sibling is social conditioning ? 
  oh and women ca n't like sports ? 
  holy shit stop the presses . 
  men are stronger on average than women which is why men dominate physical labor . 
  some women do n't wan na get their hands dirty either , its a gender thing more than social thing . 
  just like women dominate teaching and nursing , their traits as a gender suit those jobs more than a man would . 
  ever thought those jobs suit the traits of the gender ? 
  women are more caring and can work out emotions in a persons face better so they are far more suited to nursing and child care/teachers ( 2 of the highest respected jobs in our society ) and men are stronger so naturally become builders or join the forces where strength is needed . 
  if both genders cross over then fine but we should n't be thinking that a job favouring a certain gender is a bad thing . 
  its that way for a reason . 
  let a young boy pick a tiy and a young girl pick a toy and the chances are they pick one that we identify as a boy or girl toy . 
  they exist for a reason , many toys are neutral like super heros . 
  boys like guns , girls dolls . 
  nature is n't sexist it just designated different roles and gave us traits that are different to acommplish it . 
  women want to do social studies , guys like blowing shit up in science and engineering . 
  apparently this is n't right so we got ta force girls to switch and let the boys get laughed at in a majority female course ? 
  remember when it was majority men , feminism turn up again and now majority women . 
  so much for equality, 
  whale dick museum mean anything to you ? 
  hold up , people voted against eu immigration but we have a visa free travel deal with taiwan ? 
  well , til ... where was this shit when we needed it to keep us in the eu ? 
  the age of consent is 12 their anyway so they have plenty of choir boys . 
  it 's not that as a union we are different , we both have our fair share of idiots , 48 % of you voted for independence while 52 % of us voted to leave the eu , heck even wales voted to leave and they had the most to lose . 
  the media has just done a number on the eu for the past 50 years , the younger generations wanted to stay in the eu but did n't think voting would matter ( i know a few who thought it would be rigged to stay no matter what ) . 
  if the media worked to tell us the eu was a good thing we would n't have left . 
  i like to think that with the right politician on our side that the eu would be open to something like this , they understand perfectly how important the uk is to the project and what we have to offer and what they stand to lose . 
  the problem is that our politicians see that as `` they need us so we can get what we want '' and that 'll force the eu to tell them to fuck off and be harsher on the deals to prove a point . 
  and that is just depressing . 
  the biggest thing that the uk has is skilled workers and our service industry is a global thing , so it would be smart to allow those skilled workers to be able to travel to the eu without issue somehow . 
  we currently have adverts on the radio from law firms saying you had food poisoning on holiday then you can get compensation . 
  so this does n't surprise me , our lawyers make shit up and run with it , same with ppi for the last 10 fucking years , yes i know about ppi who has n't you fuckers leave me alone !!, 
  except if we where going through the same thing as everybody else then we should have access to the free market without the freedom of movement clause coming with it . 
  the uk gets hit with extra conditions because it is considered a european nation so it has to be in the union to get stuff to happen while america and japan can never be part of the european union but can have access to the market . 
   prove they have exercised their free movement rights at any point at all ( taking a cue from eu law cases here ) why would you need to prove it ? 
  i mean what if you are poor and could n't afford to go on holiday but want to have the ability in the future to use it if your circumstances change ? 
  it 's like saying to be a commonwealth citizen you have to have traveled to a commonwealth country outside your own and use your right to visa free travel . 
  ah ok , i saw the one with us on top a few years ago so makes sense an updated version would have us lower down . 
  thanks , 
  if i recall correctly from a population stand point , the uk has the most tech savvy ( shop online , social media stuff ) in the world . 
  and we buy the most stuff online than any other nation if i recall correctly . 
  thanks greater gibraltar . 
  except that a union between both was suggested various times before so not really a good joke if you know history . 
  britain had more to ~ ~ destroy you with ~ ~ offer . 
  so when are you guys just gon na come out and say `` we like the brits so we copied their flags '' ? 
  i mean , 5 pence are not very bright . 
  the british with french support actually had to pay spain to abolish the slave trade , the ones in mexico may have been progressive `` new world and the population being mostly slaves at that point as well '' while actual spain was still doing it . 
  also if mexico was independent then why are you lumping them in with the spanish ? 
  well it was to replace the old one so it had to specify what the law was for . 
   the slave trade was abolished and outlawed in the 19th century . 
  once that happened , a slave-holder could be prosecuted for a range of offences including false imprisonment , assault and , in more modern times , for breaching specific employment regulations such as health and safety . 
  that was in the article you posted , what you are talking about is just an extension of this and more specific law to punish people who have slaves `` forced labor '' . 
  you can argue that punishment was n't considered wide enough but the concept was the same , no slaves . 
  to be fair , that 's the best rabbit hole you can be in , you can learn so much accidentally and learning is pretty much never a bad thing . 
  owning slaves has been illegal across the empire since we abolished the slave trade and used the royal navy to crush it globally . 
  so it stands today that we are still not allowed to own slaves without the echr . 
  it 's not like we went `` ok , no more slaves , we have enough '' and kept the ones we have and laughed at those who did n't get one in time . 
  still does , it 's one of the few things left still in force on the bill , most of it has been amended . 
   the echr also allows russia to get away with anti-lgbt legislation since free speech can be restricted `` for the protection of public health or morals '' , and even lets russia get away with banning people from reading the bible in their own home . 
  it 's absurd how poorly written the echr is and how biased the activist judged on the ecthr are . 
  russia is n't part of the eu so the echr has no power there , same with turkey , it can only condemn . 
  if egypt says `` sorry but he 's your problem , we do n't want him '' then we can not deport him . 
  it 's as simple as that , he is effectively barred from entering the country so then you got ta find a country that will take him that wo n't torture or kill the bastard . 
  good luck . 
  everyone i know that wants to get rid of the human rights also wants the death penalty to come back ... 
  it 's a fucking nightmare , even my mum is one of them and god forbid i try and explain why it 's a bad idea ... to be fair she wo n't even let me talk on the subject be i get told to shut up before i can start because `` you always have to argue '' . 
  that was in the media for a long time and turned a lot of people away from the human rights acts . 
  who would have thought 1 guy would make people go `` fuck human rights , lets get rid of it '' . 
  apparently they do n't like their rights , the guys i work with want to pick and choose who is covered by rights and who is n't . 
  english countries tend to be more progressive ( sorry america but you are behind the rest of us on this one ) and have wealth , technology and a guilt complex . 
  that last part was forced on us and we feel a need to change and political correctness did the rest . 
  every other nation on earth does n't have the same guilt complex as the rest of us , it 's a legacy of the british empire which is why it 's tied to the english common law and culture countries . 
  most people see the human rights bill blocking us from exporting terrorists , not gon na lie i fell into this trap but now i realize it was media spun bullshit . 
  most people like to say `` we should get rid of their citizenship and deport them or just send em back to where they come from '' . 
  problem is there is a ton of legal stuff between nations that has to be done , we ca n't send people to a country and not ask permission or if that country is going to torture the person in question . 
  ( hence why `` we will be killed '' is a favourite argument of foreigners to stay here ) . 
  i try and explain it to my mum but she seriously does n't care , she wants them deported and there is no reason why we ca n't except the eu blocking us because of the echr some people think we should bring back the death penalty and shit like that to deal with them without a trial and that we should pick and choose who gets it . 
  oh and that fire today ? 
  totally a work of isis according to my work mates because fridges do n't blow up . 
  the uk loves proving everybody wrong , its what we do, 
  if we keep digging we can hit china !, 
  for brexit i had 2 or 3 guys the voting is rigged so there is no point , the government wants us to stay so we will stay . 
  yea ... they got proved wrong . 
  do n't be embarrassed , its hard to change your view when what evidence you have does n't change . 
  i was the same even though i have voted since i was allowed , i was ready to skip this one but we need to get may out so i voted . 
  same in st.helens, 
  we built a large fake army that nearly matched our own real one , some people like to increase patrols to fake size , we just blow up balloons , more costly but 100x the fun . 
  either that or a dictatorship and the older generations making the young suffer even more . 
  of course , we always fail at whatecer we take seriously . 
  dutch : haha we got you britain : what the ... alright lets do this !!, 
  * conquers the world * dutch : o.o fuck . 
  say what you wish about us brits but we can make light of anything . 
  for the record for shows like that they ask for immunity or special requests so they ca n't be arrested straight away , its why you can get documentries with crime lords and other criminals .
