  she 'll make too gosh darn it !, 
  that `` job '' is keeping her healthy and alive . 
  the queen is like the pope , the job wo n't end until death in this case . 
  i am a strong believer that some traditions do need to end , the thing is the monarchy is a net gain for us , it 's a unifying force and liz holds far more sway than any political leader in the world , if she walks into a room people pay attention . 
  i know we are busy destroying ourselves and everything we stood for but i am confident and happy the monarchy will remain a constant and will continue to remind us of what this country once stood for , it 's got a tough 100 years ahead of it . 
  i had a discussion with a guy in work who is really intelligent and pretty good at anything he does who shocked me when he said we should get rid of the monarchy . 
  he refused to take my suggestion and watch a short video ( cpg grey ) to learn a little bit about the benefits of monarchy . 
  it makes me angry that people want to hate so blindly , it 's why brexit happened in the first place and the scottish referendum . 
  ( the latter was overdue and i am happy our scottish brothers stayed ), 
   but i 'm sure you will find another way to move the goal posts ... why would i do that ? 
  you answered my question and it proved me somewhat wrong . 
  i ai n't an asshole , just looking at the uk and usa almost every leader ( president , monarch , pm ) has been christian and i do n't think an atheist will end up running the country for another century at least . 
  so thanks for telling me of a country that does n't stick to religion when it comes to who runs the country , 
  the hate comes out of not understanding what she does so people just call them leeches . 
  i 'll always agree it 's a little outdated but look around the uk and tell me how many people are sad to see the back of the phone boxes !, 
  we would rather keep something that is useless than the monarchy which brings us so much more just because people think `` she 's loaded and a leech '' . 
  thankfully the monarchy in the uk is still nowhere near to ending . 
  huh , must have been done in quebec :p, 
  i think ol liz is past local news and anything she does is international news . 
  everybody is watching her , as soon as she passes the world is gon na hit the fan . 
  ah the last night of the proms , the ultimate show of british pomp outside of a royal celebration of some kind . 
  at this point it 's impossible for charles to die young ... he 's at pension age already xd, 
   recent polls show more canadians favour getting rid of the monarchy vs keeping it . 
  keep in mind those who want a republic are more vocal than those who want to keep the system so those polls are kinda skewed . 
  when has an atheist ever won a job as president or pm ? 
  her death will certainly cause a stir in the commonwealth , that would be the true test of the british monarchy . 
  if nothing changes ( except the face on the money and stamps ) it 'll easily exist until little george dies as a multinational monarchy . 
  if canada and australia move on then the smaller countries may just follow suit , even then the monarchy will still have a lot of influence around the world , liz has kept it strong , charles just needs to keep the seat warm ... 
  i meant running a country not a city . 
  our influence continues to exist with the commonwealth anyway , the empire sure has one hell of a legacy . 
  selling would require monetary exchange , more like send them pork . 
  except that anybody that is n't a christian should n't bother to run for office in most western nations . 
  it 's been 5 years since the diamond jubilee already ? 
  wow , time flies . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  nobody mentioned battleships . 
  every ship in the fleet has the job of protecting the carrier , frigates then destroyers , these ones are specifically anti-air and anti-missile and are the best ships in the world for that job . 
  it was n't blocking the american 's the system was just destroying everything the simulation was throwing it the fleet , this made it impossible for the american 's to do any actual training . 
  it 's like playing doubles tennis and only 2 people where actually playing and the other 2 are just stood at the back not really doing anything because the front 2 wo n't let them . 
  sonar too i think , they just have no way to fight back ... that got skimped on the design . 
  because it does n't travel with a fleet for the most part , most british ships tend to go solo to where ever they go . 
  they start as a fleet and then split off at certain waypoints . 
  so the radar signature reduction would be to protect the ship on it 's own , it will have the ability to increase it to protect the fleet from hostiles . 
  one ship got sent to train with the american 's and the american 's asked the captain of the destroyer to turn off it 's ships saam system so his ships can have a go at anti-air training because the destroyer was blocking everything in the simulation before the americans could react . 
  ireland knows for a fact if it gets wars declared on it , britain would just tell the other guy to fuck off . 
  britain will never allow ireland to be invaded and occupied , the other european forces would n't really need to step in , the uk is a big enough deterrent . 
  the destroyers are designed to `` hide '' the carriers in the group so they make their presence larger than the carriers , this forces the enemy to focus on the destroyer because it ca n't spot the big ass thing hiding behind it on the radar . 
  ca n't find it on the radar , you ca n't get a lock and the aa-ship would probably block everything coming at the carrier group with ease , subs protect the fleet from below . 
  erm , is n't the job of those destroyers to be a gigantic target to protect more important ships ? 
  they are the best aa-ships in the world , they are meant to make themselves a target . 
  it 's like people complaining about how unstable the eurofighter typhoon is , despite the fact that it is designed to be that way . 
  he wanted britain to fight with him not against him , so he wanted to knock britain out of the war but keeping civilians somewhat neutral so they might turn and help germany . 
  actually it 's argued with facts to back it up ( wargames after the war ) supports the fact that operation sealion would have never succeeded . 
  even a german general said the british would abandon it 's empire and have every ship in the royal navy in the channel to protect itself from invasion and britain has never used the full might of it 's navy . 
  there was real fear of the royal navy and they knew the british would do something insane ... kinda of a rep we have i guess . 
  no translation for those phases , it 's a common thing . 
  lower your decemberbells, 
  another tech vs government war, 
  drivers them around the grounds apparently . 
  are you saying it 's not law just tradition ? 
  if so then i will be happy to agree to that . 
  if you say she is the only monarch to do it in the last 200 years then i do n't agree . 
  it 's a male ... so it 's a bull not a cow ... unless i am missing something . 
  http://www.parliament.uk/education/about-your-parliament/mps-lords-monarch/the-monarch-and-parliament/  when it comes to politics , the monarch is ` neutral ' the monarch does n't get involved in running the government . 
  nor do they publicly say what they think about political issues . 
  this is why people sometimes say the monarch is ` above politics ' . 
  the king or queen have to be neutral as not to influence voters . 
  the rest of them do n't have to be . 
  or ukrainian . 
  wrong it 's the job of the monarch to be political neutral , the rest of the royal family do n't need to be , only when crowned . 
  the monarch has huge influence so being political neutral stops them influencing voters during an election . 
  read any news source in the uk around the time of an election and you 'll see stuff like `` the queen is wearing yellow to signal she is in support of the lib dems '' and then `` a spokesman for buckingham palace claims her majesty was and remains politically neutral '' . 
  look it up if you do n't believe me , not a lot of people understand the monarch and get info from parents or friends who also have little understanding . 
  i have the same arguments with scousers who refuse to look up anything i say . 
  she 's politically neutral so she ca n't not meet him because of his political views . 
  she does n't choose , she gets asked by government to meet state heads , the monarchy is used to soften up heads of states to increase chances in favorable deals . 
  if i remember your name correctly we had a fairly big discussion in which you did n't seem to like britain . 
  so i am gon na pass on a meaningful reply here . 
  no eu nation would support the break up of a fellow union member , nobody wanted scotland to leave the uk , if anything they supported the vote as a show of democracy in action and would respect the result but did n't say they wanted scotland to leave . 
  very few nations in the world openly wanted it to happen , most where confused as hell and some where openly against it . 
  so catalonia is not going to get much here unless the spanish government gives the backing for a vote . 
  she was a babe :p i did n't know it was french . 
  uk had a version too , did n't have the tube part of the show tho i do n't think . 
  you know theme song is awesome when it remains in an international version of the show . 
  we refused to accept the euro for 3 reasons 1 . 
  pound sterling is british 2 . pound is stronger than the euro 3 . we where warned that the euro would crash but nobody would listen . 
  now , number 3 will be fixed by the time we join , number 2 will no longer be true which means number 1 will mean nothing but senseless pride . 
  that means it 'll be easier to swallow the euro as our national currency , also i say 50 years because it would take a decade or 2 for any problems to surface and for my age group to grow up and be the majority voters . 
  the older generation was the main voting group , the younger you go the more europhile they become ... except some of them either do n't care or swallowed their parents blind views because of their own ignorance on the topic . 
  so , it 'll take a few decades for us to want to go back in ... unless somehow everything turns out for the better . 
  but it would make it harder - that 's her logic . 
  oh and it 's easy to get lost in the system if you do n't get checked at borders so you ca n't be stopped . 
  but is perfectly fine with no borders between , england , scotland and wales and ignores that you can `` get lost in the system '' over here too . 
  my mother does , she wants borders back to stop immigration . 
  she does n't see the eu as a good thing , hell she would n't care if the uk split and we was left as just england ... somehow that 'll fix everything . 
   the uk is a bit more complicated , of course . 
  that 's not wanting to see it fall ... well some people do , like my mother but not for malicious reasons like the us and russia thankfully . 
  we 'll join the club again when our grandchilden grow up 50 years from now . 
  and showers, 
   in its latest test , the trident missile misfired .
