  europe had a `` fuck shit up , stay and rebuild policy for centuries and we did perfectly fine . 
  the usa is just bad at the conquering . 
  that first bit i wrote so if you are gon na call me ignorant on the subject you are well aware i have n't looked at the link yet , which i quickly read after i posted . 
  1982 obviously  3 . 
  i ai n't irked i enjoy the read , the best way to beat america 's attack on britain would to sink it 's carriers , no carriers , no air force , but no doubt if those carriers stayed in tact america would conquer the uk eventually ... the occupation would be impossible though ... we get patriotic in times of war and yea ... yanks do n't have a great rep all ready . 
  so yes you 'll win , but you wo n't stay very long , the roman empire collapsed trying to subjugate the britons and spent too many resources on keeping it which left em vulnerable to the germanic tribes . 
  the usa would follow suit . 
  for the record i have n't looked at the link , however you guys had a general sink an aircraft carrier in the gulf using small boats during a military exercise and decided to pretend it did n't happen . 
  and saying taking back the falkland islands was a military impossibility ... 
  i ai n't sure the american 's are the ones to go ask about invading any anything . 
   which is where the real capital today is , promptly leave . 
  unless you build fences to keep them in . 
  or they live on an island like the uk for example . 
  at this rate im pretty sure we have 50 % of the population ready to fight those dirty immigrants . 
  guess the small hint of joking was missed , i thought the bottom line made sure of that :( meh , still factual anyway , industrial revolution and all that . 
  this country built the western world and the current world we live in , we have been everywhere , done everything , the redcoats where infamous and hero 's of civilisations and was the only global power in history . 
  and yet these kind of questions still exist ... like , c'mon . 
  i agree our education system is to pass tests , that 's it , no skills at all , `` just remember this you 'll need for a test '' from 11 years old . 
  also by `` competition '' i mean more hands on stuff , they want less experiments in science because it does n't appeal to girls for example , boys are more hands on learners while girls are not , girls would rather read or listen to take in information . 
  also while guys still excel at pe than girls do because of the competitive nature of it suits boys perfectly . 
  detergent can change your race and colour ? 
  sweet . 
  the most hated man in the world is white and british . 
  in our schools equal performing boys and girls get graded differently because girls are quiet and listen and boys are loud and disruptive ( imagine being graded on a stereotype ) or you have some feminist teachers that purposefully drag boys down . 
  it all starts in school and we are going away from competition based learning ( boys are good at ) to sit down , be quiet and copy from books ( girls are good at ) all because they wanted girls to catch up . 
  this is what happens when you target a gender to fix their problems rather than try and balance both . 
  you mean the state that built the first surveillance service with computers being the first to collect mass amounts of data ? 
  who would have thought , we had a head start , what else is new ? 
  other years they kill 1 person , we can cheery pick numbers to suit our needs but the overall numbers overwhelmingly say `` what 's the problem exactly ? '', 
  sorry , we have slipped a bit since our empire days . 
  only around exam result time , otherwise it 's it 's normally focused on how well minorities and girls are doing . 
  i remember the last time a police officer got shot there was a massive thing about it in the media , out of 44,500 police officers 90 % of them did n't want to have a gun ... 40 % of them had also been in life threatening situations . 
  the public do n't want the police force to have guns either , there is seriously no need for it to be a thing . 
  our police force is a model for all others to aspire to be , why the holy hell do we need to regress ? 
  shhh do n't use logic , it ruins their arguments and they do n't like it . 
   that black people in britain disproportionately live shitty industrial regions with more pollution etc. 
  erm , they are clearly not familiar with the industrial north which is still like this in a most place and a shit ton of whites live there !, 
  so ... they want a cottage in the english countryside or what ? 
  i noticed they are all women in that picture . 
  they really have nothing better to do ? 
  why is it almost always women pulling shit like this and making a mountain out of a mole hill ? 
  pretty much , people like to be part of something or they are guilt tripped into it . 
  like male `` feminists '' bleh , every time i hear a man say that or a woman claim her man is one , i just think `` whipped '', 
  11 non whites killed in 26 years ... less than 1 a year . 
  am i the only person who thinks that 's fine ? 
  yea , britain is literally the last place on earth to complain about police shooting people . 
  i mean it 's common knowledge the police do n't carry guns for crying out loud xd, 
   there is now a uk-wide network which they say focuses on campaigning for black people who have died at the hands of police in this country is from the article . 
   there is now a uk-wide network which they say focuses on campaigning for black people who have died at the hands of police in this country erm ... that 's what ? 
  i do n't have to like it to live with it . 
  people do n't have to be in a warzone to suffer , a guy in my town got murdered a couple of days ago . 
  people are abused physically and mentally on a daily basis even in the most progressive and technologically/socially advanced societies . 
  suffering is n't just like the people in syria , the sooner you realize that the better . 
  so next time you ask somebody `` do you not care that people suffer '' stop and think , are they suffering and i do n't know about it ? 
  because believe me , living with an abusive alcoholic for 26 years is n't fun what so ever , i learned about and lived with the dark side of humanity , i was n't wrapped up in cotton wool or naive to think we can achieve a utopia . 
  we ca n't it 's a dream , life is hard and harsh , accept it , do what you can to make it a little easier for yourself ( which means you make somebody suffer eventually , go you ) or for somebody else but at the end of the day , you can not stop the reality . 
  people died to give you what you have now , it 's a common thing preached around the world that the military protects your freedom . 
  i guess i ca n't benefit from their sacrifice can i ? 
  you logic is twisted , mine is realistic . 
  to not benefit from such suffering means that the suffering is meaningless and that 's worse than the suffering in the first place . 
  75 million people did n't die just so you could say `` yea ... thanks but i choose not to benefit from your suffering because it 's shameful . '', 
  death , war , killing is something that has happened every single fucking day of our species existence , in the last 80 years the amount of killing is at the lowest point in human history yet people act like it 's on a massive scale when it 's actually not . 
  world peace is impossible , this will never change , get used to it . 
  why should n't we profit from human suffering ? 
  i guess we should n't use these computers anymore then , or the internet , or wear these jeans with zips in them ( made during ww2 ) . 
  seriously our entire civilization was built on the back of suffering of our species , the global society has gotten bat shit insane recently , they ignore the facts and preach utter shite from the moral high ground . 
  pacifists get people killed . 
  nissan actually builds cars in sunderland for sale in japan as well ... top gear . 
  the word you are looking for is old people . 
  we sunk the french fleet ... 
  i think we were under the `` this is gon na take a while , stock up on the tea bags boys '' mentality . 
  then we got pretty pissed when all that good tea got left at dunkirk for the germans ... so we bombed berlin with a vengeance, 
  to be fair the bbc gets some european stuff from the daily papers , you 'll find they sometimes point to the same articles as another publication for their story . 
  ( the bbc buys all the papers and lots of them to help the news teams . ), 
  something i have noticed lately reading the paper on my lunch break ( to fill time only ) it 's getting more and more abusive to anybody or anything that does n't agree with it 's view . 
  also it 's columnists are dumb as fucking bricks , had one guy say his job was to judge the bbc at the olympics and gave up after 30 min ( said this in the first few lines ) and then went on to rip them apart for like half the page calling them names and shit . 
  i was like ... really ? 
  you ca n't even do your job and your calling these people shit ? 
  the days when britain was known for something , the words `` british military mobilizes '' was something to be scared of ( if you was the enemy ) and something to be happy about ( if an ally ) but these days not so much . 
  because of their religion and years of training to wear it , it 's a social thing for them , they learned from a young age to wear them for when they get married . 
  so it 's not a choice . 
   lock their women to the houses . 
  which is illegal in the uk , false imprisonment and all that , so breaking the law to protest against a clothes ban ? 
  kinda speaks volumes of the people we are dealing with . 
  you realize they wear them because they are forced too right ? 
  it 's not a choice at all . 
  just because you see no men around with them does n't mean they decided to wear it because it was the fashion of the season , it 's the middle of god damn summer . 
  2 things . 
  talk about hiding it plain sight !, 
  now the joke about the ice cubes getting in the way of sniffing coke actually becomes a fact !, 
  my mum thinks we left already , a lot of people think since we voted out we are automatically out , plus news headlines claiming we are doing well after the brexit vote is helping people think we have left already, 
  i agree , until we actually leave , nothing has changed . 
  all these headlines are doing ... at least for the bbc is telling markets and investors that things are fine to try and keep things going . 
  the tabloids are trying to say they where right though and pushing their own agenda . 
  i thought you was kidding ... wtf . 
  they sent a fat guy too , must have been scrapping the bottom of the ta for this one ... 
  never ever underestimate the power of a moral boost . 
  soldiers can go from down and defeated to blood thirsty warriors in a few seconds with a good moral boost . 
  most europeans share english and do have history ( they have all been occupied by or allied with each other ) at one point or another . 
  yet they voted to stay in the uk and hopefully will again .
