  so ... employ non whites who might not be as good at the job as these guys just to look good ? 
  got it . 
  discrimination does n't exist against white men . 
  because it 's easier to get big numbers if your economy is small and grows a lot than if your economy is huge and grows a bit . 
  percentages are not accurate . 
  the uk might gain a # 100billion but with a # 2 trillion economy it looks small . 
  adding # 100 billion to an economy of # 650 billion looks impressive . 
  ( pulling numbers out my ass but you get my point . ), 
   we 're all living in europe ( even if we 're not all eu citizens ) and i feel security is a common concern we share . 
  mate i agree which is why i think it 's a good thing the eu still wants to work with us even with brexit . 
  so everybody wants to keep defense deals with us ( which i fully agree , we are the strongest military wise in europe with france being close 2nd . ), 
  fair enough but if you want our military we got ta have a bone thrown our way too . 
  drop the bill that 's `` owed '' or cut it in half or something . 
  it 's true every time though , the older generation always thinks it knows bests when the world has moved on and changed from what they knew . 
  as soon as somebody says we should be a republic , i always say `` go ask how the irish what they thought of the last one '' . 
  usually kills that subject pronto, 
  yea i read about that , kinda sad tbh but did n't know that last bit so it 's good to hear . 
  i notice a lot of stuff we invent tends to end up with us getting the shit end of the stick regardless . 
  fuck the only things we got away with was ship building ( we do n't talk about the titannic ) mostly because you do n't want to stare the grand fleet full of dreadnoughts in the face and laugh . 
  american manufacturers are sick of being called shit by everybody so they finally upped their game . 
  you guys sucked at safety and driving around corners . 
  it 's so good that the british people will only accept british and irish when it comes to meat . 
  it 's not about the parts , it 's how they are put together . 
  you could get the best parts in the world but a 5 year old ca n't make the perfect ... what ever it is you are trying to build . 
  the parts certainly help though . 
  they are part of our service industry , they design and build stuff all around the world , most of the iconic buildings you have seen over the years has probably got a brit involved in it somewhere . 
  always been told that british goods are always well made , expensive as hell but well made . 
  chinese love to buy our shit, 
  last i checked the deal was every member was to put in 2 % of it 's gdp into the project , nobody forced america to put in what is it ? 
  it 's largely funded by america because the usa is using it as an extension of it 's only military and to keep russia at bay , the uk and greece are paying their fair share but neither have a $ 14 trillion economy and leaders who think having a large military and bad education and health care systems is a good trade off . 
  i am just saying a lot of british tech and german tech and french tech and japanese tech also helps keep the american people safe and also make important advances . 
  i wo n't argue that your country has made `` some '' important advances just like most 1st world nations have but people seem to be suggesting only america has . 
  i would but that 's just too easy , got ta flex the muscle a bit y' know ? 
  flush the toilet and i am sure they 'll sink just fine . 
  the eu stopped european nations going to war with each other , which is what caused most conflicts for the last 1000 years but lets ignore that and say the usa being the super power for 60 years was the real reason . 
  why lol ? 
  look it up , britain came up with the idea or do you always laugh at facts ? 
  for the guy using many british inventions a day i find this to be a rather funny question . 
  internet ? 
  all day . 
  computers , invented by the british and the modern internet framework is of british design too so how is that working out for you ? 
  british . 
  language ? 
  english . 
  your job came off the back of the industrial revolution i imagine because you are sat on reddit and not in the pits or tending the farm . 
  should i continue because there is a giant list online i can run through to see how much of it you use a day . 
  really ? 
  only one challenger has been destroyed and that was by another challenger , one took 80 rpg 's and only had it 's tracks destroyed . 
  should we just agree that we are both right ? 
  the current definition matches what i have been saying . 
  but that article also makes you right ? 
  well the first electronic one was colossus , the first programmable was by a german . 
  so do you wan na stick to the german guy since his was n't electric either ? 
  i feel like you have been put on the spot here haha  http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000984.htm, 
   an electronic device which is capable of receiving information ( data ) in a particular form and of performing a sequence of operations in accordance with a predetermined but variable set of procedural instructions ( program ) to produce a result in the form of information or signals . 
  that is what you get if you put in `` computer definition '' into google . 
  there is a reason an abacus is n't called a computer, 
  if one guy comes up with the design of a the machine then clearly he invented it . 
  other nations started to build them 30 years after babbage tried and failed to build it due to lack of funding ( same thing that happened to turing until ww2 ) . 
  i honestly get this feeling that nobody seems to like giving britain any credit for anything . 
  1 guy designs the atomic bomb and it 's widely accepted , 1 guy designs the computer , nah he did n't invent anything . 
  like seriously , wtf . 
  sigh go on, 
  i just did and while you are right in that the colossus was n't really the first , i found this `` charles babbage , an english mechanical engineer and polymath , originated the concept of a programmable computer . 
  considered the `` father of the computer '' '' so , it was still technically the british that invented the computer . 
  the colossus is what qualifies by everybody . 
  it 's literally recognized as the worlds first computer by everybody . 
  i back up the american 's with the `` internet '' side of things and that tbi just invented what we know was the internet today . 
  the colossus secrets where sold to the american 's after the war and companies made what would be the pc from that information . 
  so yes , britain built the first pc . 
  he is the father of pc 's and the digital age , how can you even argue that ?? 
  even google acknowledges this . 
  ( the company not the search engine ), 
  dude . . i just linked the wikipedia page and it 's in the bloody news for the last few years . 
  so yes i do . 
  look up colossus ww2, 
  alliance 's act as a deterrence though . 
  you do n't wan na fuck with a because a is allied with b. 
  last i checked britain had free trade within it 's empire even if it did shut everybody else out . 
   in britain , free trade became a central principle practiced by the 1840s . 
  under the treaty of nanking , china opened five treaty ports to world trade in 1843 . 
  the first free trade agreement , the cobden-chevalier treaty , was put in place in 1860 between the united kingdom and france , which led to successive agreements between other countries in europe . 
  [ 18 ] the guy you mentioned was born 15 years after britain adopted free trade so ... you are 100 % completely wrong xd https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_trade, 
  the british version was the better version though . 
  either way the us has no reason to have such a large military . 
  300 year 's ago sure but nobody until ww1 had 1 million soldiers in a standing army ( well except napoleon ) . 
  a huge fleet was required for britain to stay safe and dominate trade , the sea 's and protect it 's empire . 
  what does the usa need to defend ? 
  it does n't need 11 fleets , maybe 2 for each coast line and that 's it . 
  every major war in the last 500 year 's where down to europe , the 2 largest wars in mankinds history was started in europe and europe has never gone 70 years without some kind of war on the continent until the eu formed . 
  nato is to stop russia but is mostly european who by the way combined have the same size force as the americans . 
  global free trade is a diplomatic thing though ... something britain has always fought for since america was born . 
  no large wars because of nato , if russia continued to fight , so would the british and the french . 
  no gps without computers , which is a british invention , same with radar and the jet engine , oh and aircraft carriers all used by the americans to `` dominate '' the world . 
  i still do n't see your point . 
  not even close . 
  erm ... no large wars since europe has united , nato was a british idea too . 
  and advanced tech is made by everyone , not just america . 
  * drinks beer *, 
  england had territories for like 800 years ( ireland is included in this btw ) , heck when scotland joined england it inherited an empire that the english built so that was easily 400 years .
