  lets put it this way , it was reported the companies are worth more now because they are valued in dollars than before the vote . 
  just word play . 
  it 's like `` hey it was a good job we voted to leave , we are richer in dollars now !! '', 
  despite being not as rich in pounds due to the drop . 
  the pound has shrank and exports went up , that 's literally it . 
  but britain needs all the help it can get !, 
  on a serious note , let them join in , everybody can laugh at them until they get a clue . 
  nah we should keep it , it 's an iconic name everybody knows what it is . 
  if they make a rule that non european winners need to pick a nation in europe to co-host with they can say eurovision stands for `` allowing the world to look inside europe and see it 's people and cultures '' . 
  word play is always fun . 
  britain came up with the name eurovison though not the ebu . 
  so who is to say it 's exclusively europe only ? 
  we have non european nations in already . 
  a british guy made up the name eurovision and it stuck and became the name of the competition . 
  the show was never actually meant to be exclusively europe only as the name wrongly suggests . 
  it was made to unite a devastated continent after 2 of the largest wars in human history . 
  the reason it exists has been fulfilled so why not open up ? 
  we already have israel for crying out loud !, 
  the british empire shall live on through eurovision . 
  is it a win if you lost the competition of who can get the least points ? 
  australia nearly won with no neighbours . 
  keep in mind eurovision was made to unite a broken continent , that purpose has been fulfilled so why not open it up ? 
  it 's the biggest music competition in the world , it 's home it 's europe , it 'll be a massive boost to european soft power and do some good around the world . 
  the thing is , one side lied about a lot of stuff to make people vote leave , we are still waiting to see how things will turn out to see if the remainders lied . 
  ( not sure how speculation = lying but that is the media for you ) . 
  also the bank has been fighting with the markets and drop in value of the pound so to most people nothing happened , the bank is talking in a way that is reassuring ( to calm the market ) but it 's fighting off a recession . 
  this is only the start , if you ca n't see that then god help us . 
  remember when the dollar hit $ 2 for # 1 ? 
  instead of spending # 1.50 on something if you spent $ 2 now you paid # 1 instead . 
  now it 's going the other way , the pound is getting weaker so the value is lesser so in a way it 'll cost more to buy from outside the uk than it was a few months ago . 
  it 'll change in the uk once we leave the eu . 
  we have n't left so nothing has actually changed so why would prices ? 
  brexiters like to say `` oh look remainers lied nothing happened after the vote '' but they also act like the vote = automatically left . 
  i told my mum we have n't left the eu and she said we have ... i left the conversation at that . 
  the media is spinning this crap as a victory ignoring the obvious . 
  because prices have n't altered just yet , just wait until the break up . 
  the tariffs businesses have to pay will be passed to us . 
  agreed , i can not be held responsible for my actions if that happens . 
  i imagine germans felt rich after ww1 when they had 1 million deutschmarks ... except that you could n't buy a loaf of bread for that much . 
  just because you never had a bigger number in your bank , does n't mean you now have more value in it . 
  zero hour contracts are probably helping too . 
  same thing i hate how its banned pretty much every where . 
  people need to grow the fuck up, 
  so if somebody has a confederate flag in the usa they should be beaten up ? 
  so somebody holding a flag you do n't like gives you the right to beat the shit out of them ? 
  that 's fucked up logic . 
  and the sun, 
  i love how people think this is all that is going to happen . 
  we have n't started leaving yet . 
  once we start leaving and the deal is made shit will hit the fan , of course our papers will claim a victory for democracy . 
  a flag is n't illegal or saying certain things , it 's a freedom of speech and expression thing , now if it goes further than that then it 's illegal . 
  the nhs does n't actually need more money , what it needs is better management , it needs to go from separated trusts and hospitals and unify into a massive company with no restrictions on where it buys it 's products ( so far only approved suppliers are charging the nhs way too much ) and if something works in one hospital it should be shared with another . 
  management is key ... also less managers and more on floor staff . 
  you mean 1215 ? 
  harry the nazi was blown out of proportion by the media . 
  somebody dressed as a nazi , so fucking what . 
  my god . 
  it is taking action has been since the vote , the problem is the bank is fighting the biggest financial fire since 2008 with no end in sight . 
  stopping the pound from falling and start of a recession is harder than getting the economy back up to speed . 
  brexit , you love it or you hate it . 
  we have that in the uk , it 's called part time work and zero hour contracts . 
  people do n't want immigrants from syria so they voted to leave the eu , despite the fact that the eu can not force us to take any . 
  our government has to say yes or no and that 's final . 
  if we get those immigrants it 's because of our government , so leaving the eu does n't change a damn thing . 
  so how does that sentence prove itself exactly ? 
   immigration does have to do with the eu as above when germany opens the door to germany they open the door to the rest of the eu that was a choice by one country trying to force it 's will on the other 27 and the others said `` wtf are you smoking ? '', 
  and shut their borders . 
  how do we not control immigration ? 
  we have 3000 immigrants stuck in calais because they ca n't get to us ffs . 
  leaving the eu wo n't change that immigration at all . 
  ( a guy i worked with used pakistani 's as a reason to leave the eu , fuck knows what they have to do with it but there we go , he was in the paratroopers so not the brightest . ), 
   but yeah lets just shit on poor people because that easier than dealing with the reality . 
  the people most dependent on the eu voted to leave the eu , people bit off their nose to spite their face and then asked the government to cover the loss of cash ... despite having less money in the coffers . 
  people did n't think it through and either did n't expect leave to win , uneducated on the potential outcome ( the campaigns where shite ) or did n't care and wanted to stop immigration . 
  my mum for example i shown her a video from a eu law expert explaining some stuff that could happen if we leave and she said `` he 's been paid by the remain campaign and the bbc so he is biased and so i wo n't listen to him '' . 
  who knew campaigners are not allowed to get experts on the subject to help people make an informed decision , the very thing she said she wanted to do . 
  some people did n't vote because they assumed remain would win , people i knew did n't vote because `` if the government wants remain then they 'll rig it '' ( oh how that one back fired ) or some people had no idea how to vote so followed their parents ( leavers ) or let their parents vote for them ( leavers ) . 
  so yea ... a lot of people over here a morons especially as they voted to stop immigration which has nothing to do with the eu . 
  healty choices yes , only choise ? 
  until we activate article 50 we are still in the eu and will be treated as such regardless of our intentions to leave . 
  my dads place is getting rid of 4 engineers all on over # 100,000 a year and will probably hire another 4 so they can pay less . 
  also barroso maybe filling a role nobody else can fill while the other 2000 are non essential staff . 
  so that 's against the eu 's freedom of movement , so no it 's not . 
  the rich countries abuse the workers that accept less money for work , it 's a choice of the richer countries to pay less . 
  there are no safeguards the eu can put into place except putting in a eu wide minimum wage . 
  you make it sound like the eu forces the rich countries to pay their workers less . 
  you can blame it on them but at the end of the day , it 's the business that is looking for any reason to pay less . 
  so point the finger at the business not the person who wants to work . 
  he 's a nice bloke im sure but he wo n't stop until we are eating like rabbits . 
  he wants healthy meals in schools and if you do n't provide it you are abusing your child . 
  call of duty needed another war so they asked russia to start the cold war again . 
   what i think is i do n't care of anything you might try to say . 
  i 'm tired of british dramas , and british bullshits . 
  like most europeans . 
  there 's 27 other countries in the eu , each of them being very different to the next and not one of them has been as selfish and insulting and as ` oh la la i 'm special i need favors and whatnot ' as the uk . 
  just get out . 
  just get out . 
  pronto . 
  we do n't need you and we defenetly do n't care about your own telenovelas between your `` kingdoms '' . 
  i do n't think they will be united for long .
