  america has no allies , it has nations willing to put up with it 's crap for protection , all of america 's `` allies '' are british allies first , without britain america is alone ( syria was n't bombed due to britain saying no ) . 
   be twats * ahem * pompous twats * cough * we have a reputation to uphold here you know !, 
   the climax we live in that sounds fun tbh, 
  letting a near dictatorship join the eu ? 
  what a standard to set !, 
  europe has the same laws as america for rape . 
  if you have sex with a drunk girl/guy they can claim they where raped and taken advantage of . 
  ball games ... in the street ? 
  cricket , near a shop window ? 
  wow , ca n't do any of this now . 
  our camps had a purpose , of course it failed miserably most of the time and people now refer to them as concentration camps ... we used the same technique in malaysia before we gave them independence and almost ended up being the same disaster . 
  however somebody actually made them work how they were to be intended and became the text book example to fight an insurgency . 
  it only took us 3 centuries to get it right but we got there in the end . 
  no i did not , you invaded poland !, 
  before of after the genocide in north africa ? 
  correct me if im wrong but you guys blocked the purchase of those missiles , even stopped peru buying them knowing they would be sent to argentina . 
  meh , we sunk their navy in ww2 , we 'll give em 1 ship . 
  most people from outside of the uk calls it `` england '' . 
  it 's not correct and to be honest nobody gives a shit , we just find it funny most of the time . 
  does n't mean it 's correct and a reporter would be expected to say the correct title of the nation regardless of what the rest of the world calls it . 
  i think taiwan is the only exception . 
  do n't blame the company , blame the reporter . 
  seems like a nice guy , was expecting some aggression . 
  britain started the industrial revolution , germany started the naval arms race . 
  britain used camps to try and help a population and failed badly , germany used it to create systematic genocide . 
  britain kind of balances between good and bad ... germany does n't really have anything going for it in the `` positive '' end . 
   to the last of it in the 60s 1997 , hong kong . 
  i once heard something from a woman `` a woman is n't as aggressive as men because the natural strength of men keep female aggression in check '' . 
  how does this relate ? 
  powerful nations kept the ambitions of the smaller ones in check so they was n't able to do those horrible things the major powers did . 
  power has consequences unfortunately people are going to get hurt willingly or not . 
  one can hope anyway . 
  one ? 
   was for men and criminals . 
   the idea was that a partnership with the uk would generate savings , but in 2008 former president nicolas sarkozy decided to suspend cooperation with britain on the project . 
  france 's fault , not ours . 
  monoco does n't use euro 's ... or have an aircraft carrier , or has any deals like that with the uk . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  what 's wrong with bae engines ? 
  britain makes far superior ones than france ... no other nation not even the great united states can make a functioning vtol aircraft . 
  actually i think britain and france help each other , we give you research , you let us test them or something like that . 
  the uk and france are practically using the same military now , i dare say we work closer than the uk and usa in military matters . 
  i 'll raise your sail ship with our sail ship good sir . 
  yup i was gon na put diesel but for some reason did n't . 
  just to add to that , they are using electric engines not nuclear power so while they can not stay at sea forever they are green . 
  oh i know the site is just for `` discussion '' i have known about it for years , i just found that inconsistency funny . 
  ah got it , i knew i recognized it , just changing police to security guard threw me off . 
  picard wore red and was the captain . 
  you can go to either but you can not cross between without a passport . 
  not our fault we built a tunnel . 
  picard wore red, 
  since the brits are know as redcoats we get the captain 's shirt . 
  problem ? 
   british security officer huh . . 
  one thing i find interesting is it says `` aircraft ( of all types ) '' then lists all the aircraft which adds up to more than the number given to `` aircraft ( of all types ) '' ... 
  go ask the guys at calais if they care that the uk is an island . 
  terrorists have no beef with portugal / s, 
  germany probably seems more powerful so uneducated people expect germany to have better welfare , im sure many on here are just as surprised as you and i that spain 's welfare is better than germany 's . 
  where do you think you live ? 
  in the marvel universe ? 
  this guy is voting to stay in europe and just so people are aware , the minimum wage is increasing to # 10 an hour by 2019 anyway so wages will increase in the next 3 years anyway starting in april . 
  wtf am i being downvoted for facts ... my god i put some context to the situation and downvoted . 
  is n't that more than what britain has atm ? 
  i know ours is more powerful and more technologically advanced but our over all numbers is low . 
  it was supposed to be a joke but apparently did n't work , do n't worry . 
  sorry we lost track and they must have gotten stuck in the `` to do pile '' they where one of the last to join us so they ca n't just jump the queue that is n't very british . 
  if you want to change it , just replace period with days, 
  im not saying change it , im just saying nice word choice :p like i was calling my friend a racist as a joke and he said `` sorry i like dark humour '' i genuinely find it funny when people word things in a way they did n't intend . 
   few days periods nice word choice !, 
  if they ca n't play the real way then the sport will die . 
  this is just wrapping kids up in cotton wool . 
  kids can fight doing martial arts but tackling in rugby is dangerous , lol sure , ok . 
  they have syria and 2 other middle eastern countries , have n't you been watching the news lately ? 
  lem me guess , liverpool ? 
  its cheaper for a return because you are guaranteeing them that they have a seat taken , the more that fly the cheaper the cost for everybody the less people flying the more expensive it is because they need to make it worth flying . 
  he `` flew away '' not `` flied away '' , 
   i 'd always ride a virgin . 
  would n't we all . 
  do n't think i ever used british airways . 
  used klm in december , they are pretty good tbh , the netherlands should be proud ... though they switched me from a airbus 330 to a older model :'(, 
  a lot of the time they charge you stupid amounts of money so you do n't pick them , i wanted to go to canada from the uk , klm was the cheapest # 380 and the most expensive was like # 7000, 
  would explain the heat . 
  pretty good , until it falls into your tea . 
  * sigh * my butler just gives me a look every time as he promptly heads into the ... erm ... what do you call it ? 
  kitchen ? 
  to make another cuppa . 
  yea thatcher really fucked the place up . 
  death to ze russians !!, 
  you guys where cheap enough to keep , 
  i believe deporting them around the world to another island is a bigger `` get fucked , mate '', 
  it was too expensive to run so we disbanded it over 57 years . 
  but if we run the show why would we want to exit ? 
  we did n't quit our own empire because of immigration :p, 
  that 's the joke , it confuses everybody :p, 
  it 's called towing the boats back across the sea not drowning them , no north african nation is going to stop a royal navy ship pulling their people back to their shores . 
  it 'll be bad diplomatically for a while but that can be fixed and deals can be struck . 
  it 's worse in the long run for europe to keep accepting them otherwise the smugglers win . 
  rule britannia !, 
  the joey 's are coming !, 
   eventually became the world superpower by quoting this i was referring to britain going past you to become the global power like you claimed france did to your rival .
