  we are just being stubborn . 
  people over hear are getting sick of smaller bars but same or dearer price . 
  probably thought they was being clever . 
  would be nice . 
   hold your horses he ca n't he ate them . 
  considering they use british potatoes it is a bit dumb . 
  and it was n't legally binding , to change something as big as this in the country parliament needs to be asked . 
  people think that we are not going to leave , which is legally within the rights of the parliament to ignore . 
  the judges are only forcing may to hold the vote , it 's parliament that is threatening to block it not the judges , so go march on parliament . 
  ffs . 
  parliament following the law is now worth a demonstration ? 
  why not march on parliament for them to vote the way they want instead of this bullshit ? 
  makes you wonder how much we would be doing on this if they included us . 
  i guess we was n't included due to leaving . 
  snooping laws can fall under `` keeping people safe '' while declaring war is quite the opposite . 
  at the end of the day , a dictator can be freely elected so yes she can overthrow a government that has been freely elected in a fair election , hitler did for example . 
  also the monarchy was believed to be given the power to rule from god , that 's all i was saying , that is still technically the power hierarchy which is why the monarch is the head of the states religion . 
  ( i do n't believe in god ) . 
  until we find out what was blocked how can we really decide if they should keep that power and use it/not use it or remove it ? 
  i was aware at blocking the shift to parliament to declare war but that 's it and to me that was a good call . 
  also like i said , the monarch is advised by government and independent advisors and then they decide what to do , she could over rule the advisors and government or she could side with them . 
   and the idea that it 's just to stop elected leaders gaining too much power is ridiculous - why then would they have sought consent on everything from the marine navigation aids bill ( 2009-10 ) and gambling bill ( 2004-05 for prince charles and the high hedges act or civil partnership act for the queen ? 
  because if she see 's and signs off on everything nothing can be sneaked through ? 
  imagine if only a subsection of stuff is signed off on , imagine how much shitty policies would be passed , the fact that a bill to give parliament the ability to declare war without the monarch made it through to her just goes to show that parliament wants more power . 
   the opposite is true - the monarchy gives huge power to politicians . 
  exactly it gives power to the government , it keeps the parliaments power in check . 
  ( god gives the crown power and the parliament gets it 's power from the crown ) also our safeguards are 1 . 
  the monarchy can disband the government at the will of people . 
  the government can disband the monarch with the will of the people ( needs a referendum for this to occur ) . 
  if both of those happen without the consent of the people then shit is gon na hit the fan because one or the other is after total control . 
  this has been known for centuries mate , the royals are the last line of defense and have the power to block legislation with the advice of their advisors . 
  they are there to block wan na be dictators , allowing parliament to bypass the monarch to declare war could be a starting point to controlling the military ( the royals control the navy and airforce , parliament controls the army ) . 
  so people bitching about something that we had for centuries still happening now is a little silly when we all know they have that power . 
  sure we have n't been given examples of them using it but is that the publics fault for being ill informed by people saying `` they do n't do anything anymore '' ? 
  if it was that big of a deal i am sure it would have been big news , but 3 years later i learn about this . 
  well i can only think of greece being the oldest but it was also conquered for 1000 years so does that count ? 
  also just for clarification they do n't do this without advisors helping them out , they do n't just go `` oh i do n't like this '' it 's `` oh i am not sure what the consequences are , i need to speak to a few people first '' . 
  have you seen our dragons ? 
  not the same as chinese dragons . 
  hong kong and singapore did pretty well . 
  dd you just say america is one of the worlds oldest democracies ? 
   the discussion here is about how taking pride is all they do . 
  we do n't actually , not a single mention of empire in my history books and i took gcse history . 
  it is heavily censored outside of documentaries on it . 
   this is exactly the sort of picking and choosing i find problematic . 
  so ... remember the bad , fuck the good ? 
  what was you saying about picking and choosing ? 
  i almost never hear people talk about the good sides of empire , yesterday some portuguese guy said we need to pay for the industrial revolution !, 
  like wtf , is that all we deserve ? 
  a giant fuck you from the world ? 
  ireland got shafted heavily i get but come the fuck on . 
  true but we already got bombed to hell and back 40 years prior so a couple of bombs and a dead royal was like a sting , nothing serious . 
  do n't hold your breath mate , 
  in this context it 's a `` do n't tell us what we should do , asshole '', 
  monarchy is making bank for us , so hush :p, 
  i know but why should the rest of merseyside not have the choice ? 
  thats enforcing your views on other people . 
  you also assume i do n't see them myself which is why i also agreed that things are getting scary . 
  what i was implying was that things will change before they get that far , we have checks and balances to prevent it . 
  65 million people wo n't stand by and watch a dictator appear , the queen would disband government straight away if it happened . 
  nope the postmen was given the option and they all said they did n't want to ( because of hilsborough ) . 
  grrr liverpool or a small group should not have the right to tell people what they can or ca n't have . 
  if people did n't want to it , they could put signs on the doors or just bin them straight away . 
  yea it was the olympics , nobody in merseyside got it because the post men refused to deliver them , which pissed me off . 
  it 's illegal for the few to refuse to tell the many what they can have ... plus it 's the royal mails job to deliver all the mail it has , it can not discriminate . 
  but yea the big super markets used to stock it but apparently they are not going to get it in anymore . 
  correction : the mps went in the cracks . 
  https://www.bl.uk/magna-carta/articles/britains-unwritten-constitution  unlike most modern states , britain does not have a codified constitution but an unwritten one formed of acts of parliament , court judgments and conventions . 
  professor robert blackburn explains this system , including magna carta 's place within it , and asks whether the uk should now have a written constitution . 
  i do n't understand what the problem here is . 
  the guy said most of us voted to leave . 
  i said most of us did n't vote , not even half of the population voted to leave ( only 17m ) . 
  no way you can say 17m is most of 65m . 
  what 's the problem exactly ? 
  i was just correcting somebody . 
  oh do n't you worry , i know all about rome . 
  our political system does n't have multiple murders a year though and generals walking around with legions looking for power ... . or a dictatorship . 
  the uk does n't have a written constitution we are the largest advanced nation on earth to not have one and about 1 of 5 other countries not to have one . 
  the magna carta is n't the constitution . 
  since then we built the largest empire the world has ever seen , conquered the world ( kinda ) won a couple dozen wars , disbanded our empire and now leaving the eu due to black people . 
  ( lets ignore the commonwealth immigrants though ), 
  i voted to stay . 
  no i do n't i am just saying we do n't have the opinion of 65 million people and that only 17 million have decided the fate everybody else follows . 
  it was n't exactly stable though and constantly at war . 
  america has been around for 200 + years and look at the state of it now . 
  hardly a country to talk . 
  that 's like saying `` do n't be human '' . 
  some times you got ta do things you do n't like to get where you want to go , people are going to fall along the way , that 's life . 
  get used to it . 
  the human race was built on suffering and it made us stronger as a species , what you are saying is that we should feel bad because cave men killed their competitors and survived the ice age , created fire and the wheel . 
  well considering the prices are normally adjusted for london and the rest of the country i would assume they would do the same for this . 
  but made life better for countless more . 
  if people died for nothing then we have a problem . 
  the fact that you are here speaking english on a computer ( british invention ) using public transport and mass produced products ( all formed in the industrial revolution ) and complaining is a giant slap in the face for the people that suffered during it . 
  i assume sold , liverpool has been talking about not buying the sun anymore which means we need to print less . 
  nobody is buying them in the shops . 
   anyway looks like the uk is going to finally pay for the industrial revolution and all the suffering that it caused to the world ... 
  i guess you do n't like your comfy life ? 
  honestly if we leave with this in mind , i may see our politics differently . 
  if pockets of money ca n't change this then i guess our democracy is 100 % functional ... which is odd because i hope we do n't leave .
