  but computers did . 
  just to let you know , yes we sank the fleet but it was for 2 reasons . 
  we did n't trust france would destroy their own fleet and in pure desperation we sunk them instead because germany would be a greater threat with the power of the french fleet in it 's force . 
  ( that 's a big compliment from the uk to france there . ), 
  it showed the world and more importantly america that britain was willing to do anything and everything to win the war and win support for the lend lease program in the states . 
  was it horrible to do ? 
  yes i do n't think a single brit wanted that fleet destroyed with the french on it . 
  but it was a necessary evil . 
  if france handed over the fleet to britain like the commercial ships of europe surrounded their fleets to britain instead of germany by choice ( which helped keep trade going across the atlantic ) all of it could have been avoided . 
  britain at it 's peak never brought to bare the full force of the royal navy in it 's history against anybody , i imagine it 'll be the same for america , they will not deploy it 's whole navy to fight a war with russia . 
  i thought i was saying common knowledge , so no proof was necessary . 
  i would n't purposely make a statement without some sort of proof/fact to back me up but i am more than happy to admit i am wrong . 
  that 's all i ask . 
  proof is nice . 
  i am only saying what i have been told myself , sue me . 
  you are the saying something you heard from somebody yourself . 
  i did n't say they are fake , just super inflated due to zero hour contracts so im saying take them with a pinch of salt and not accurate . 
  nothing wrong with being cynical . 
  you have absolutely no idea what kind of life i have , so do n't even start judging me and making assumptions . 
  i am on 2 zero hour contracts ... i get 1 5 hour shift every 2-3 weeks i am not happy with those hours , i might get 2 5 hour shifts in a week if i am lucky . 
  how does me saying the figures are super inflated and they get figures from those on job seekers allowance mean i revel in misery anyway ? 
  that makes no bloody sense . 
  [ average number of women to 1000 men is 908 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indian_states_and_territories_ranking_by_sex_ratio ) sure a i was wrong but still 35million more men than women is bad . 
  please keep in mind unemployment figures are only those who are registered on job seekers allowance . 
  if you are not registered you fall off the grid or in work . 
  i never registered i missed 9 years of income for the sake of my pride despite only having a small part time job in the family business ( i was still eligable for job seekers allowance , still am because i earn less than # 10,500 pa. 
  plus most people are on zero hour contracts which counts as employment and some may have just given up and because they are not known the unemployment numbers fall as well . 
  so do n't trust them at true numbers because it is mostly superficial over the last 4 years . 
  im not one to start telling people what to do but honestly , asia needs to get its shit sorted , 100 men to 1 girl and constant abuse of females from before birth to all ages needs to end . 
  we could have more with the alternative vote if we passed it . 
  imagine how many people would have picked a small party and those votes would be given to the snp . 
  not a thought i want to have . 
  haha sorry to ruin your fun xd, 
  erm ... what ? 
  they serve a purpose for example we have traffic lights that have small signs saying `` no left/right turn '' on them as a 4 slot light , the bottom hole holds the sign ... or a filter to allow traffic go one direction while the rest wait to make traffic flow efficiently . 
  if the uk has one thing for going for it , the road system is one of the best , as well as the most rigorous driving tests which is why our license 's are allowed pretty much anywhere around the world while most are not welcome here . 
  separation of church and state . 
  stop the church from enforcing it 's backwards world view on everybody else . 
  still long enough to have a negative effect on the population for a while , also being indian i am sure you are acutely aware of the problems of a very large male majority population . 
  to couple large male majority population with 1 child only rules for a few years and you get problems , . 
  i would n't worry about this , just because they can throw more money at it does n't make them smarter or better . 
  europe has always been top dog for science and technological innovation and will continue to do so . 
  that would mean im in ukraine which means we are already at war so ... sure . 
  then every nuclear power will nuke the ever living shit out of russia and make it more of a wasteland than it already is , putin would n't do that to his country . 
  if you read the comments you would get your answer, 
  i knew it was mis-spelled ... you just trying to be funny ? 
  im too tired for this , bed time xd, 
  [ references are cool when you know them ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/s506xhr ), 
  you are right , i am a massive prevert ... what ever that is !, 
  i got it sent randomly when i opened my browser , i did n't even have prove i am the bill payer or sign into my account say yes or no . 
  virgin is cool , they did n't give a shit . 
  i got a message pop up on my browser from my isp . 
  do you want to turn on the safe web search ... yes , no do n't show this again . 
  yea ... . turns out that 's a thing that happened , imagine that appearing to every teenager , not exactly going to work -_-, 
  supply lines can be maintained and soldiers can fight in that kind of temperature now , they are trained specifically to do so in canada and norway . 
  the only advantage russia has is numbers and nukes . 
  just to correct you on something , russia got lucky with crimea and went all in for eastern ukraine thinking lightning would strike twice , it did n't think ukraine would fight back and has no way out of the situation . 
  i ca n't argue with the rest of it . 
  erm , those warmongering westerners have grown up and can fight in the arctic , russia has nothing to protect them anymore . 
  also i hear mars is nice this kind of year , once we get the war started our technology will advance fast enough for you guys to leave earth . 
  we had it when parliament was created and we are so used it to it and see no issues with it ... or at least any that we feel needs fixing so we stick with it . 
  keep in mind the system is built so the smaller countries do n't get more representation than necessary since 96 % of the uk population is english . 
  also the other nations have devolved parliaments anyway so their party represents them and a handful go to westminster to argue for the rights of their respective countries . 
  is that restraint ? 
  or not biting off more than they can chew ? 
  they capture small area 's of land and install puppet governments , a lot easier than invading and annexing the country . 
  russia was acting carefully , seeing what it can get away with , the revolt in ukraine gave putin the perfect excuse to take crimea so they took it , they tried to do the same in eastern ukraine until the ukraine president mobilized the military . 
  now russia has a choice , pull out and keep up image of not being involved but looking weak because it knows the world knows the truth , or keep going and at the very least make eastern ukraine semi-autonomous making ukraine weak and russia effectively control of the area and then eventually a vote to absorb the state . 
  crimea south osseta that random plot of of land in moldova [ russia has invaded ukraine , georgia , afghanistan , moldova , and chechnya . 
  russia has also interfered in the internal affairs of each of these sovereign nations on behalf of separatists who are russian speaking citizens . 
  ] ( http://www.answers.com/q/how_many_countries_has_russia_invaded_in_the_last_20_years ) not exactly restrained . 
  erm are you against me or with me ? 
  i ca n't work it out ... 
  well considering the uk has had to put up with gaddafi supplying the ira and has hated the uk since forever i think that was a valid reason , france wanted to join in because ... well you see ... i have no idea why france jumped in . 
  dude do n't take this from me !, 
  germans ... . 
  we just have signs saying left/right turn only ... germans . 
  groupie has too much stigma too it . 
  a girl who has sex with somebody famous ( normally somebody in a band ) ... aka a massive slut who 'll fuck anybody with money . 
  i doubt that is going anywhere soon . 
  yea because the dictator in north korea died and things changed for the better right ? 
  china 's leadership has changed and things have gotten better correct ? 
  how about egypt , tunisia , libya ? 
  the fact that putin has invaded and killed people to try and get his precious empire back should be more than enough reason to get involved in ukraine , he is n't going stop . 
  i would rather have hundreds of thousand of lives lost with the goal to protect the rights of the people of europe and try and give russia a chance for change than let hundreds of thousands of people die because nobody will do a dam thing to stop russia and to condemn the lives of millions to authoritarian rule , less rights than the average pet in the west , including those not born yet . 
  no talking just america sprouting bullshit and the ussr believing them and their economy collapsed , we get lucky . 
  also people seemed more than happy to jump into ww1 ( brits anyway thinking it was a holiday to france ) , people joined the military over the last 14 years in the uk knowing they 'll end up in afghanistan or iraq . 
  this is a time where conscription is illegal so saying the only people who want wars are not the ones fighting is a little silly , sure the politicians are not but the soldiers do . 
  also just for perspective , i wanted to join the raf , i have medical conditions baring me from the uniformed services civilian or military ... so nothing i can do about that . 
   but the truly puzzling thing , reports berliner zeitung , is that included in annual maintenance costs are not only replacement red light bulbs , but amber and green ones too . 
  what !, 
  did we bomb dresden too hard ? 
  im getting sick of this , lets just go to war already , words will not fix anything , russia will stop the eu getting larger and any countries near it from joining . 
  it 'll continue to invade countries covertly so nato can not act , putin needs force to be stopped not petty squabbling . 
  i do n't care if russia has nukes , they 'll never use them or they can kiss their precious nation goodbye , which is clearly something they want to prevent . 
  good news it bad news friend . 
  unless you consider good news as somebody shooting themselves in the foot and destroying a country/company in the process . 
  well ... do n't get caught . 
  these days a picture of you regardless of who or what is in it as long as it is you is a selfie . 
  fucking stupid as far im concerned , this is what the english language has become :(,
