  that happened and germany still lost . 
   well , the book said that the uk was worried since germany overtook them in everything at the cost of their economy and britain 's navy was still larger than germany 's so that 's bull . 
  i could actually but being british i have some class  that 's a joke btw . 
  we do , every year it 's mentioned that we are honouring the fallen soldiers of the uk and of the commonwealth . 
  the anzac forces may be represented , just not shown as `` main combatants '' due to your military being under british command at the time . 
  dude , we got a choice , defend france from the yanks or bash france . 
  it 's not exactly an easy choice but we respect france in this context far more than the american 's they died along side our boys and got shafted in favour of including america . 
  france and britain was beating germany , the american arrival only sped up the surrender of a hungry demoralized german army . 
  the uk and france was outproducing germany in every area so to say france only won because of america and britain is dumb . 
  sure they would n't have won without britain but britain could n't have won without france either . 
  i hate that the single most important navy in history was left out of a god damn naval game , surely that is unheard of ? 
   france was kicking everyone 's asses in europe during the napoleonic wars you mean besides us right ? 
  you realize we was the only nation to fight napoleon from day 1 to his defeat right ? 
  we had to pay for the continental powers to field armies and formed 7 coalitions . 
  if it makes you feel any better , while we give france crap but we respect them as a nation and military force enough to call them our greatest rivals . 
  never saw it that way , kudos . 
  i love it when you can draw connections like that . 
   but those 100,000 + dead americans certainly deserve to be remembered . 
  i agree , however europeans remember them , the american 's have all but forgotten them , overshadowed by ww2 . 
  europeans remember all their wars and those that died in them and we have had a lot of wars . 
  huh the more you know , i thought we interchanged them depending on context like a lot of our words . 
  centre is for a building and center is `` in the center of the room '' ... right ? 
   echo chamber of cherry picked nonsense ... im done, 
  we kinda earned that right , being rivals for nearly 1000 years . 
  alright i 'll rephrase , they cover very little of the rest of the world and when they do it 's not normally in a good light . 
  the amount of anti social healthcare stuff i have seen from the american media when discussing the nhs is frightening . 
  for consistency sake , sure why not :p, 
  it 's trolling to point out that the usa does n't do news that covers the rest of the world ? 
  alright . 
   exactly , commander shepard = american . 
  mario = american , sonic the hedgehog = american , cloud = american wtf america !, 
  all of them fictional characters and fictional worlds . 
  now take the us out of every realistic war game and include other nations and lets see how they do . 
  im sorry but that 's just the truth of the matter . 
  it could be because you guys keep a tight lid on history , i hear you hear very little about the world in your news or anything . 
  i mean it 's not your fault it 's the government and media stopping you guys getting another perspective to keep the america is the great nation on earth thing going . 
  out of curiosity , have you ever seen or heard of `` hunt for red october '' ? 
  erm ... there are lots of british war films and just films in general , a lot of films like star wars was filmed in britain . 
  it 's not the size of hollywood but we still do a good enough job . 
  but yea if it 's made up then this discussion just ended up pointless :p, 
  i did n't really watch the film ( fell asleep ) but it what the other guy said was true about it originally being about an american ship then it probably be about the skirmishes off of america . 
  that 's all im saying . 
  lmao im guilty of that last one , my grandad came from the republic in the 50 's , no idea where from tho . 
  fair enough . 
   master and commander was originally about the napoleonic wars so i ca n't imagine we 're involved in any capacity there except maybe a reference to 1812 , but i 've never seen or read it so i 'll take your word for it . 
  so you are completely unaware of britain fighting the american navy during the war of 1812 ? 
  my dad was in hospital and opposite him was a guy who od 'd on paracetamol , the doctor told him to stop doing it because it wo n't kill him . 
  well , it 's not just me , it 's europe and the world who see it while you guys do n't . 
  so ... not all of us are imagining it . 
  pain killers like paracetamol wo n't kill you , but morphine can , stop lumping them together . 
  i would rather trust the nhs on this tbh . 
  it was n't historical that 's why , there is no america in halo either . 
  since it 's based in real history not making america a prominent part will likely effect sales , remember there are whole marketing teams who look into stuff like this . 
  hollywood took a story about brits capturing a u-boat and changed it to americans for crying out loud . 
  no murica fuck yea = not interested for the most part , people will buy it because it 's battlefield but people are fickle . 
   eventual intervention arguably lead to germany 's defeat . 
  germany was already beaten , fresh american troops sped up the process , you lost 500,000 men compared to millions from the other nations fighting ... britain lost more men at the somme than america in the whole war . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  it 's often hard to see what others see from the inside mate . 
  i get where you are coming from that it 's not american 's making this decision ( unless ea have a hand in it ) but it 's america 's attitude that can sway a non american company to think this way . 
  look at war movies and games in the last 20 years and most of them all have america fuck yea in them . 
  [ morphine is a very strong painkiller . 
  morphine overdose occurs when a person intentionally or accidentally takes too much of the medicine . 
  a large overdose can cause a person to stop breathing and die if medical attention or an antidote is not given right away . 
  the person may need to be admitted to the hospital to continue treatment . 
  ] ( https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/002502.htm ), 
  it 's normally used on terminally ill patients , those patients are normally in a lot of pain and so they need a lot of pain relief and the normal safe doses are not enough so they end up over dosing and the doctors allow it even though they know they 'll die . 
  so it 's not like the doctor just walks in a room and overdoses a patient for shits n giggles . 
  i know that , all im saying is if american 's do n't feel like they are the hero or going to play an important role , they probably wo n't buy it . 
  it 's just your society , you have to be the hero 's in everything , im not trying to be a dick about it . 
  imagine if this picture did n't say america , you 'll get people in the us complaining and trying to act like america won the war . 
  yes `` correct '' doses . 
  i 'm talking about over dosing , you know ... taking more than is safe . 
  american 's know incredibly little of ww1 because they did next to nothing by comparison of ww2 , the vast majority have forgotten it . 
  so the inclusion of america is to get american 's to buy the game . 
  to be fair they have to cater to the american audience , do n't make the usa center of the action could cost them sales . 
  only yourselves to blame really . 
  to be honest , hospitals kill people on a daily basis overdosing them on morphine . 
  they get away with it because they say they gave the patient comfort from the pain , the side effect is an overdose , thus death . 
  well crap , i did n't increase the size of the pic , i thought it was all turkish . 
  do n't i look like an idiot . 
  i understood every word !, 
  ^ what ^ does ^ it ^ say ? 
  yes pretty much . 
  i understand concerns , but we can copy the legislation of other countries to make sure it 'll work out . 
  people are just scared for families or medical staff pushing the option to gain/save money and all that , understandable . 
  putting an animal down against it 's will if is ill is humane but humans with terminal illnesses can not wish to die ... 
  the uk is really behind on this , hell most of humanity is . 
   like us to be mean about them  actually they do n't think we like em , poor guys . 
  you can have desperate times that is n't war , like global unrest or huge famines n stuff , she could be used as a way to unite people around the world unlike the usa . 
  while i agree that she ca n't really use her power , in theory she is still the most powerful in the world . 
  she has in theory by creating the commonwealth kept britain relevant in the 21st century and works hard at keeping our allies , just that , allies . 
  in desperate times that could technically make her above clinton even if she was president of the us . 
  maybe but they still hold the uk in high regard so this is uncharacteristic for them , so the only obvious reason is having a woman ambassador meet them . 
  they do n't act out of term with the queen but that 's probably because she 's the most powerful woman in the world . 
  i hope this makes major news in the uk , so people can realize the eu is helping the uk in some area 's . 
  it 's rare we hear the good stuff that happens in the background . 
  did you just say russia was n't twitchy ... 
  russia knows where it 's at , they copy us quite a bit ... the billionaires built a british town in russia -_-, 
  china sees women as 2nd class citisens and we sent a female ambassador so they thought it was rude most likely .
