  even dictators need government workers . 
  people do n't pay taxes if they are given an option , look at india the only people who pay tax are the rich , it 's not a legal requirement but they are looked down on if they do not , the country is for the most part a 3rd world country with no toilets in homes and yet its meant to be a future super power . 
  most 3rd world nations do n't have a lot of money because people ca n't or do n't pay tax which means they stagnate and become worse off , or the governments squander the money ( dictators mostly ) . 
  not paying tax got the greeks in this mess in the first place , so the solution to that is ... pay tax . 
  but what about the government workers , should they not be payed ? 
  you are aware as we are currently seeing you can not run a country with no money . 
  people get on their high horses about tax being legal theft , but who and what builds your infrastructure ? 
  the government needs to pay it 's workers as well you know so not paying tax means government workers do n't get payed . 
  so you are doing the complete opposite . 
  in britain not the uk , never been used on the british main land . 
  [ british police ] ( http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&amp;d=20111213&amp;t=2&amp;i=546253181&amp;w=644&amp;fh=&amp;fw=&amp;ll=&amp;pl=&amp;r=2011-12-13t132340z_1_btre7bc117j00_rtroptp_0_britain-students ) [ riot police ... not very scary ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?tbm=isch&amp;q=british+riot+police&amp;spell=1&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=ynubvayilpsm7abzi46yaw&amp;ved=0cb0qvwuoaa&amp;dpr=1.5&amp;biw=1120&amp;bih=609#imgdii=f1jt6pl40gmwwm%3a%3bf1jt6pl40gmwwm%3a%3bajoju29qhap4em%3a&amp;imgrc=f1jt6pl40gmwwm%3a ) [ even our armed police are not very scary unless they are swat teams ] ( http://www.thesundaytimes.co.uk/sto/multimedia/dynamic/00118/armed-police_118548k.jpg ) [ our military police look kinda daft honestly ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcrl1pc-9vw9fwyn0dzo0qz8yydqmvhy38y07lj9wggcsmzy8vodfa ) [ british army ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01587/soldiers_1587285c.jpg ), 
  while i would love to complain that it was the politicians , i believe a lot of the fault is down to the people . 
  you just said use the police more effectively as a valid reason not to use the military ... now you say use it ... also the national guard is just an army that stay 's at home , something the uk did n't want to do . 
  the concept of the british police was feared by the public because they thought it would be an army at home subjugating them so the creator of the force gave them blue uniforms instead of red and unarmed . 
  that 's why our police today are unarmed , in other countries their police are armed which is why there is no `` national guard '' . 
  also i believe the `` national guard '' is a concept not unlike a militia but have a look at the different level 's of security forces america has . 
  police swat fbi cia national guard coast guard army most european nations have police swat army then again the army is not allowed to be deployed in america so they made the national guard a military force . 
  and here in the uk we allow no lethal force and our best tactic is to charge in numbers with our shields and horses , cut the numbers down , arrest and detain . 
  it 's nice living in a country where the police are not armed and happy to punch you in the face , our guys do n't want to hurt anybody and those who train to use guns ( about 9 % of the force ) hope they do n't have to use the extra training . 
  our police force was built on the concept of `` they are not the military , they are to protect the public and not given guns or red uniforms so they would be accepted by the british public '', 
  the uk has 44,000 police ( if i recall ) the riots in london a couple of years ago forces from around the area went to london to help , in total 9000 police officers where in the capital . 
  that took numbers from other places leaving them vulnerable , so imagine a 24 hour operation over several months draining police resources , you only have so many men . 
  britain brought in the military for the olympics and nobody seemed to care , including visitors , we are pretty open with our use of the armed forces the only time we never get them involved is during riots . 
  we do n't want to use water hoses or rubber bullets on rioters and still fare better than most nations who use stuff like gas so getting the military involved would be a guaranteed way of getting kicked out of parliament post haste . 
  actually the uk would allow the military to be deployed for situations like this , we are used to them helping out the emergency services a lot and in cases like this they would help out the police force . 
  to be fair if an sas squad is suddenly finding themselves in an area under attack , they ai n't going to sit around eating their crumpets , those infidels just spilled their tea after all . 
  rip isis . 
  you know as soon as the sas gets involved shits going to get insanely hot very quickly . 
  no doubt they are going to map the area for potential bombings as well . 
  the us and japan should bugger off , increase pressure my ass . 
  the 2 of them have no business getting the nose in european affairs , what the fuck do you think europe has been trying to do for the last few months ? 
  kick greece out ? 
  * shrug * probably the spelling i was after ... not a common word you see written down if im honest . 
  because once again ... money . 
  vodaphone in the uk had lunch with a politican and ended up not needed to pay off their # 1.6 billion debt . 
  the owner of f1 ( something eccleston ) was dodging hundreds of millions of pounds in taxes and just had to pay a # 1 million fine . 
  people with money do n't go to jail , they are above the law apparently , oh and the minute big banker goes to jail you bet everybody will leave the country and leave our economy shot . 
  it 's a shit situation to be in . 
  you just said they need their own currency and get out of the eurozone , so you acknowledge your situations and the current moment are completely different . 
  so why are you saying they should do the same as you and it boggles your mind that they do n't when at the moment they can not despite you being aware of that ? 
  that confuses me . 
  greece has been in monetary unions before ( one with france if i recall ) and dragged that down with them as well , they are not a great country to join monetary unions with . 
  im not excusing anything , bankers are greedy as fuck they 'll say they stopped it and still continue . 
  right now i bet they are still fixing libor despite being caught and punished , they do n't learn their lesson as long as they get # 100 million bonuses on top of their # 10 million salary . 
  money corrupts but how do you stop a bank dealing with money ? 
  kind of the point of a bank . 
  the eu want 's to change that , they want the banks to cover the cost of anything lost to avoid the next financial crisis . 
  right ... 
  so a religious nut is the head of science in denmark ? 
  when did denmark become texas ? 
  most people know it was a mistake for greece to be in the euro so that ca n't be held against it , greece lied , it was n't the fault of the euro . 
  also if a greek exit will damage the world economy how much damage do you think britain leaving would cause ? 
  would n't something 10x the size cause more of an impact ? 
  the greeks can not devalue their money because they share their currency , it 's like scotland devaluing the pound , it 'll be impossible unless the bank of england says ok which would drag down the pound sterling everywhere . 
  so greece needs to leave the euro and get a new currency before it can try and fix itself . 
  most people with a bit of common sense would know there is a ton of dirty money running around in our banking system , so to me it 's no real surprise that we have the most going through it because we have the largest banking sector in the world . 
  if they do that my money is moving bank and i hope others do to . 
  they help destroy the future of an entire generation by having a hand in libor fixing and the global economy crash , they get caught and punished , put on a lead ( leash for americans ) and then cry foul and try and black mail government to change the policies to suit them or they leave ? 
  fuck them . 
  financial capital of the world has the most money going through it . 
  quite a shock . 
  we had labour lying our their ass and in fighting . 
  lib dems who lied last time ukip who are closet racists and homophobic who want to drag us out of europe and privitise the nhs . 
  the green party and nearly the snp who want to break the country apart and shut down the uk like the american government does in america to try and force their way to do things . 
  ( so like the american republicans . ), 
  tories where the best option , i did n't say it was a great option . 
  you do realize microsoft would never work with the uk to do that right ? 
  they are fighting tooth n nail with every other technology company watching what the outcome will be against the american government and the nsa . 
  considering they have software on what ? 
  96 % ( just a guess ) of all computers in the uk , if microsoft says `` tough shit , we wo n't lose that business so you can spy on people '' then cameron is going to struggle . 
  hell microsoft fought against the chinese government to allow their operating systems to be used , there are some government blocks on the os but not as strict as they could have been . 
  the funny thing is anonymous would have a field day if he managed to do it , i mean ... if no encryption is allowed well more whistle blowers including the minutes of private government meetings and we can see what cameron is up to . 
  i wonder if ghcq will have a backdoor too ? 
  boy the news will blow up like hiroshima in 1945 . 
  you mean like george bush ? 
  the fact of the matter is , he was the best idiot amongst the group of idiots we had to pick from , at least we knew what this particular idiot was like . 
  the tories are dragging us back to the victorian age where nothing was private except their own conversations and wealth , where people worked for peanuts and any sign of skin was frowned upon ... ... not unlike the middle east apparently . 
  to be fair one is trying to get more money without playing ball , one just wants more powers given back and has a few countries backing them up to get the changes that are sort after . 
  probably very little with her phone going bonkers , imagine her pa , they probably do n't get paid enough for that xd, 
  i found it pretty sad that the coach said the women should be `` legends '' for finishing 3rd . 
  that had to be a joke , legends do n't come 3rd and they are not even well known . 
  16 year olds can not get benefits either here . 
  what 's with the sensationlist headlines this morning ? 
  first i get a change.org email with the subject `` eu to ban holiday pics '' when it was just talking about being unable to post pictures of you online in front of a famous building . 
  now this . 
  in the uk college from 16-18 is mandatory now and you get your benefits cut or stopped if you do n't prove you are looking for work . 
  neet is not in education , employment or training . 
  did i say tunisia is in the middle east ? 
  you never heard of tunisia until the arab spring started , i was talking about the middle east not a specific country in it . 
  i got the value of each wrong but you got the idea . 
  it was like 5dt regardless . 
  a 10 year old is more than capable of understanding what is going to happen , but like you said the environment he was in trained him to think what he was doing the right thing . 
  the people who train him are the evil ones , the kid is just naive and did what the adults told him to do . 
  agreed , that sentence about migration laws i ca n't work out so i 'll hold judgement , the bit after and before i agree with . 
  that muslim bashing is down to ignorance and nothing but bad things said about muslims in the media . 
  those of us who actually know about islam are aware it 's largely peaceful , sadly the middle east is n't a great showcase for that considering they enslave , beat and kill each other . 
  ( i am aware its because of dictators and the like . ), 
  i would also like to add those evil people are sometimes just people , the germans where painted in a bad light ( in ww1 not justified , ww2 brainwashed ) but even then you hear stories like the christmas football game or them capturing soldiers and congratulating them for their bravery and courage . 
  some people will always be like hitler , spared his life at the hands of a british soldier and then murdering millions because he blamed some people and their religion for losing ww1 . 
  these people are aware of how lucky they are to have the job they have , my parents went 3 weeks ago and tipped every time .
