  god damn it . 
  i was going to say we seem to have some bad luck with ships ... except the royal navy was not as good at sinking . 
  i am torn . 
  we got your back bro . 
  we are always up for a good laugh . 
  did n't the titanic sink ? 
  i am gon na try and grab one when i go in tonight , i forgot to grab one on tuesday . 
  i took the world map home too when it was in . 
  nothing wrong with wanting a map mate , this map has geography and history of said geography on it , worth looking at how the uk has changed in the last 100 years . 
   20 odd grand is not much for a family to survive on in london so because it 's bad for london it 's bad for the rest of us ? 
  see this is why people hate southerners , they think only they exist . 
  20 grand is an average wage everywhere else in the uk . 
  i could live a nice comfy life with kids with that money . 
  got you covered , there is a smaller uk up near europe . 
  i see another uk up near europe too ... 
  that 's just a mirror , by the time you get to the back , you are the lemon party guys . 
  i do n't know what is trying to be changed but there is some campaign going on about saving the free independent press and the government backed off . 
  so . . wo n't work ? 
  they hide behind `` it 's anti-democratic to censor us '' but then continue with this shit . 
  people who did n't vote assumed that remain would win or that it was rigged so did n't care . 
  i knew 3 people in work that said it 'll be rigged because the government wanted remain so did n't bother . 
  the thing is , you may think it 's silly even now however you learn that you are part of a vast historical system with a lot of power and prestige and you actually end up liking the stuff you wear . 
  ask the soldiers that wear the red tunic and bear skin if they think it 's silly ? 
  they 'll probably say no because of the history of the uniform , some of those bear skins are from the 1960s , they get passed down . 
  britain , spreading the silly around the world , one colony at a time :p zimbabwe still hates the suit . 
  want some good news ? 
  i work in the factory that prints the sun tv mag and we polybag the daily mail weekend magazines . 
  the sun has about 2.3 million tv mags and the mail ( saturday and sunday mags ) combined is roughly the same . 
  basically next to nobody reads these things anymore at least in paper form , most people just see the headlines in the shops . 
  most ? 
  not even close , only 40million people could vote and only 70 % of them turned out and a little over half voted leave . 
  that 's not even half the population . 
   i 'm grateful to the great british public  to spitting in the faces of your co-nationaists in scotland , what ? 
  are the scottish not british anymore ? 
  our country has been the most stable in history , we do n't have too much to worry about but i do agree society today is pretty scary . 
  everything you do is pretty much a crime :( 1000 years of checks and balances thankfully . 
  since the uk had the worlds first papers , they really live up to the saying `` live long enough to see yourself become the villain '' . 
  yes they do , it 's a tradition thing . 
  edit : really a down vote on a fact ? 
  petty much ? 
  it 's not bad actually , i work in a factory that puts that in a polybag with a few other inserts and the tv mag , on the back is the map of britain in 1884 . 
  they did a world map one a month or so ago . 
  was a pain in the ass though , it kept messing up the machines :(, 
  how could it trigger a constitutional crisis when we do n't have a constitution ? 
  if you say so . 
  your gender neutral word came from the need to not want to cause offense , which is almost always politically motivated ( political correctness ) . 
  if you said hen in the uk it would be to a woman . 
  you just say the gender you see until you are corrected . 
  it 's dumb because it 's political correctness gone mad . 
  people getting annoyed because of being called a gender is just being petty and attention seeking . 
  i refuse to give them the satisfaction , there is no gender neutral option for our species . 
  a gender neutral word is just dumb though , no matter what you have a gender , you may have changed it since birth but you have one . 
  i do n't care if people have 2 reproductive systems , they decide a gender they want to be known as . 
  when i first heard about sweden doing that , i could help but think wtf and still do , it 's daft . 
  sorry but it is . 
  just because you can speak fluently does n't mean you can write perfectly . 
  you do n't spell out which there , their , they 're you are using when you speak . 
  yea the irish are difficult to understand even for brits . 
  my granddad was irish and he come over with a friend who my mum grew up with . 
  she can understand him no problem , me ? 
  not a chance he has an incredibly thick accent you ca n't even hear words . 
  yea when we say `` follow the conversation '' that includes listening while the other person walks around doing what ever it is they are doing . 
  i think it 's something to do the `` i do n't want to disturb you '' so the listener puts in the most effort . 
  i am just making up something that makes so kind of sense :p, 
  most people speak how they normally would at home then adapt when the other guy just nods/says i know right or laughs . 
  those 3 things are universally known as `` i do n't have a fucking clue what you just said mate '' . 
  rule of thumb for `` proper '' languages is `` english language originated from england so their english is the correct one '' even if it does change through the years . 
   basically , every other language has an official or semiofficial regulator/administrator of the language , except english . 
  is this why it is also considered a living language ? 
  it changes all the time and adopts different words from different cultures into itself so it 's almost a living breathing thing it learns and grows . 
  to be fair it 's a law that you need to know french in quebec to live there, 
  those languages are only large in a couple of countries , mandarin is because of how large china is and that 's all . 
  english is the defacto global language even though it 's not spoken by as many people . 
  you can go around the world and find and english speaker to some degree of competence , good luck finding a chinese or spanish speaker . 
  the world of business survives and thrives off of the english language , it 's pretty much impossible to turn that around now . 
  you can change the language sure , but you are still fighting the dominance of the language and putting your people in a disadvantageous position . 
  german used to be big during the wars and everything moved to english and due to the empire it became the global standard language for pretty much everything . 
  you ca n't just say `` no more english '' sure it 'll drop down the charts of the most spoken , but go and try every international company that . 
  i work in a chippy , the regional variants are pretty large . 
  a barm cake is not a teacake you muppets !!, 
   the worst group among them are british teenagers . 
  their slang is almost impenetrable . 
  it 's not just the non native speakers with this problem trust me , i work with people from liverpool ... it 's like they replaced the whole language . 
  i am only 26 and working with people slightly younger than me and i just stand their baffled , i get the gist of what is being said though , i focus on the context of the conversation rather than the words to fill the blanks . 
  as you said your usage of english is similar to the brits but what is funny is that every anglo nation can understand each other despite accents and word usage which you would think would cause confusion . 
  i work with people from liverpool and it 's like they have their own language but you can still piece it together as they go . 
  so it 's not even the words , the context of the conversation tells you what the words mean in most cases . 
  i feel non native speakers are not really used to this ? 
  an aussie , american and brit using their own slang normally have no issues communicating except the yank occasionally asking wtf the brit just said because he is from the north . 
  point still stands , if you have no idea , then ask for clarification . 
  do n't blame the english guy because he clearly knows what he wanted , if it was n't clear i am sure he would have apologised and replied to let the guy know what he wanted . 
  remember the english speaker may have only been aware of one definition of the word himself , so why should he be solely to blame ? 
  it makes sense , native speakers understand each other while 2nd language users are more careful . 
  throw the 2 together and you always get a communication problem, 
  embarrassing ? 
  dude !, 
  we think he 's awesome , political correctness is not in his vocabulary , he speaks his mind and it 's hilarious . 
  keep in mind the japanese will benefit as long as possible until a50 is triggered and the discussion take place in the next 2 years . 
  it 's still possible they will leave , nothing has changed for now so they wo n't panic . 
  this is not `` a scare mongering fact from remainers that is now proven wrong '' .
