  mate ww1 , ww2 , crimean war ... military co-operation with multinational states at the european level with various laws and shit between them . 
  already the eu has strike forces and authorized a combined eu naval force to act off the coast of somalia . 
  you need to wake up . 
   having a combined eu army is the stuff of fantasy ,  it 's not impossible it 's one or the other mate , do n't back track . 
  a utopia is a fantasy , a peaceful world is fantasy , a eu army is not a fantasy , there where days when people thought britain and france would n't be friends . 
  you think a european military wo n't ever happen ? 
  wow and you say others live in a fantasy world . 
  it pretty much failed already , do n't worry . 
  highest paid in england is # 40,000 ? 
  good you do n't need much more than that . 
  scotland pays them more ? 
  they why are they always striking , the ass hats ... grrr \u00ac _ \u00ac, 
  you said invaded not hold so it still counts . 
  your navy was pretty advanced ... . . but you wanted to save your brand new ships from getting destroyed by the royal navy ... . despite that you guys might have won that battle but meh , you missed your chance . 
  france for one ... germany got invaded at the end of ww2 by the allies . 
  finland , russia , spain , italy ... . .2000 years ago but still . 
  acknowledgement that you are no longer a threat and ca n't match the big boys . 
  so you are always last picked when it comes to an invasion target , you want to get the best players first ( invade the stronger nations , get em out the way then pick off the small guys later ) . 
  we have giant white cliffs , your argument is invalid :p, 
  the guy supplying the ira to attack the uk ... gives a damn about people attacking europe ? 
  righto, 
  my uncle and cousin wear uggs in the house lmao, 
   sleepers slippers but close enough , 
  depends on the home owner , some allow you to keep your shoes on , some do n't . 
  in my house it 's keep your shoes on if you like ... with animals running around probably for the best :p while i went to montreal and went to a guys flat/apartment and everybody took of their shoes . 
  i normally keep my shoes on unless asked otherwise . 
  mine says nhs as well but it 's actually privately owned . 
  just so you know , walk in clinics ( walk in centres ) are actually private and nothing to do with the nhs . 
  i meant that britain got to the point smog was killing people and it made it through the other side and stayed on top at the same time . 
  you said china would probably suffer from the smog because of people dying . 
  that 's all . 
  and china is changing too , so what 's your point ? 
  well if you hold back information and then you bring it out in court or refuse to answer a question in court it makes you look guilty so it can be used against you . 
  you only refuse to answer a question if it makes you look guilty or hold back information that stops the court identifying the criminal . 
  you would think the same when the industrial era came in but britain stayed at the top :p, 
  may harm you . 
  saying it would harm you is completely wrong . 
  one is a possibility , the other suggests it as a fact . 
  because if you are innocent why wait to go to court and pay out the ass for everything when you can get a lawyer to come to the station , destroy the polices evidence and argument and then go home without paying a fee ? 
  my brother was made a scape goat for a bunch of thieves stealing from his work place , they forged his signature ... he got a lawyer that day when he was taken to the station , asked if that was his signature and he said no . 
  the lawyer pretty much closed the case there and then , if we follow your logic it would take months and a lot of money and pointless paper work to deal with . 
  as far as im concerned if being questioned , just answer the question and provide information they ask for then be on your way . 
  why be a dick about the situation ? 
  if you get taken to the station then yes get a lawyer but on the street just listen then answer instead of making things difficult . 
  still not him though , nobody knows what he looks like ... that portrait is a `` this could be him '' from looking at the skull and a description . 
  nobody knows what the guy looks like ... 
  a european military will easily be the most powerful force on earth , germany and france alone took on europe/world and nearly won , britain built the worlds largest empire and fought against germany on 3 continents for a year alone and france for 300 years and won . 
  europe has neutered itself to prevent a war with other european powers , if europe starts to militarize again and is serious about it , not even the us can match it 's strength . 
  the world seems to forget just how powerful this small continent can be , it ruled the world at one point . 
  they are right , britain has enough money for everybody to get a set wage , we are the 5th largest economy in the world , the problem is the rich horde money so it ca n't happen . 
  i did the math , # 1million can give 50 people jobs . . so imagine how many people a billionaire can hire and then you can see how possible this really is . 
  also to people who think im daft , it 's the kind of system the west will adopt as people are pushed out of work by machines , the benefit system will become a citizen funding system where everybody gets minimum wage . 
  it 's been known for years ... how is this conveniently timed ? 
  if she said things are fine people would be like `` yea for you in your palace '' . 
  he speech is supposed to connect with people in all walks of life , she speaks for everybody in the country . 
  it 's something that has helped the royal family to continue to exist . 
  the canadians did a lot of aid of lots of nations , even towards the end of the war the canadian red cross sent tons of food to britain , i remember watching a documentary and that was towards the end . 
  it made me tear up and choke , still does , goes to show war is brutal but in the end , we are still human and look after each other and how amazing our allies truly are and that they are worth fighting for . 
  war brings out the worst and the best of humanity . 
  do n't complain , stories like this keep our nations close and friendly  when i heard about this a few years ago after it got burned down by students during the riots in london i felt genuinely bad that people just burned down a present from another nation which is given to us each year as a thank you . 
  it means you guys have n't forgotten and still appreciate the gesture  . 
  it 's hand picked by the monarch of norway as a thank you for harbouring the royal family in britain during norway 's nazi occupation . 
  canada back to france ? 
  most of it is british , only quebec belonged to france . 
  you are british allies and britain will no doubt protect your asses to protect itself so you instantly become a target ... or you join the bad guys and become a target of the closest nuclear power 20min across the sea from you . 
  britain says hi ireland !!, 
  plus britain is a strategic country for europe and ireland is a good invasion point , so even america has you guys in it 's sights in case it wants to invade the uk . 
  erm ... whats the problem exactly ? 
  it does n't say anything about the pact , just that it was made . 
  was somebody else responsible for the tropical rainforest 's and deserts millions of years ago ... was we to blame for the break up of a super continent ? 
  how did the planet reach similar temperatures in the medieval times as 1940 without industrialization ? 
  humans have literally no control , the ice caps melt and form every year ( seasons are a funny thing ) and we have just come out of an ice age ( 10,000 years ago ) so no shit the planet is warming up . 
  we are so egotisical as a species to believe we can single handly warm and cool the planet . 
  they changed it from global warming to climate change because they knew they where wrong . 
  now the terms are interchangable . 
  we even had the un say 99 % of scientists agree it should be illegal for scientists to deny man made climate change . 
  aka we have no solid proof this is a real thing caused by us but we will stop you saying otherwise anyway . 
  that is n't science . 
  we have a hand in it sure but no bigger than any other animals contribution plus the earth has put up with more than this ( meteor 's blocking out the sun , constant volcanic eruptions ) so what 's an increase in temperature going to do to it and us ? 
  pretty much nothing in the grand scheme of things . 
  the planet will kill us before we can kill it . 
  we control global warming ?? 
  lmao no we do n't . 
  im glad you said continental , ca n't imagine the shit storm if you did n't use that word . 
  europe is seen as a better soft power than the other 3 and quite friendly too . 
  if europe combined properly it would be the most powerful and most influential place in the world , even america would have to accept it 's been surpassed , it 's already economically more powerful ( but because we are not 1 state it 's not `` counted '' ), 
  to be fair the qing dynasty controlled china for hundreds of years , and is still under the control of near dictatorship ( mostly communist but still abusive and corrupt ) , only this time it see 's economic growth as a good thing rather than the qing dynasty that closed china 's borders . 
   rome fell , as will a reluctant superstate it fell because of corruption and exhausting it 's military strength trying subue britannia and with it getting weaker the germanic tribes and their roman brothers ( gemanics made up the bulk of romes armies ) over run rome . 
  if it was n't for corruption , the empire would still be here . 
  russia will implode but so did the ussr and russia is back troubling europe ... any nation like russia or china will always be dangerous to smaller nations ... the usa is n't like russia or china but they are still a threat . 
  to balance the power of those countries we need a united europe . 
  a eu superstate is where europe will end up , one way or another . 
  rome proven a united europe is possible and powerful , we will get there again eventually , you have to be blind to think it wo n't . 
  we did n't think empires would collapse , we did n't think we could land on the moon , we did n't think european nations would stop fighting each other and join together . 
  an eu super state is needed to balance out the china , russia and america . 
  true , as long as you do n't suggest cutting meat exclusively from our diet . 
  i hate that logic , we have eaten meat since the dawn of man ... suddenly we need to cut it out completely ? 
  what a joke . 
  i do n't doubt that for a minute mate . 
  but saying `` this is causing the death of many '' and implying not producing enough food to feed people wo n't cause the death of many to me is a tad silly .
