  international law can be changed ... how ? 
  easy the most advanced society 's on earth saying `` no , this does n't work anymore it needs fixi ... . . '' oh sorry the eu does n't like fixing stuff  . , 
  what island ? 
  i thought they sold em all to china . 
  erm . . she 's younger than britain ... if she is the senile old lady what does that make britain and france ? 
  skeletons in the corner ? 
  why does n't the eu have a a clause to allow this sort of thing in case of emergencies ? 
  instead nations have to `` illegally '' go against schengen which gives the whole thing no credibility when they continue to talk about how important it is . 
   eventually became the world superpower in the 17th century . 
  take that bitches !, 
  just passing through , do n't mind me . . 
  liverpool and scousers in the area do n't but a lot of them still do ... i think you are right about being insulated though , liverpool just ignores everything that is n't to do with liverpool . 
  i work with scousers and the stuff they do n't know baffles me . 
  ( im from st.helens ), 
  anti eu tbh . 
  merseyside is n't known to side with a tory government for starters , then `` immigrants are taking our jobs and blowing people up and always on benefits '' crap i hear every day . 
  british police are cool tbh, 
  maybe they should stfu and deal with it ? 
  `` take our money so we can profit or else !! '', 
  pretty sure it 's anti-competitive . 
  mine is mixed ... surprising because it 's merseyside . 
  basically if they are stoned they do n't care about anything else . 
  prudishness and the end of slavery in the world . 
  women went from wearing outfits showing their breasts ( think of a girl stretching her top down to get her boobs out ) and because queen victoria era was a prude she did n't like that fashion and because the queen is a role model people followed . 
  which explains the current tory party with their hatred of the naked body . 
  and of course it was victoria who declared the empire to be free of slaves and afterwards the might of the british empire forcing the end of the slave trade . 
  oh an industrial progress . 
  i got downvoted for ... facts ? 
  oh i get it , people do n't like the word prude ... grow up guys , it 's a word . 
  did n't say she ca n't voice them , im just saying her views would not be one of `` well i could lose everything '' because of her position . 
  being a brit you should should know the kid of people that send their kids to grammar schools , of course not all of them a like that but the majority are . 
  grammar school costs good money . 
  she comes from a family of money , she 'll get a good job because of it . 
  but she wants us to leave the eu ... she is n't in touch with the middle/lower class . 
  what happens in the eu wo n't effect her as much , people may lose their jobs , she is safe . 
  and class envy ? 
  erm . 
  i keep telling my mum im not working class because i think it 's stupid to divide people that way . 
  people with money are normally snooty , she is n't any different . 
  if that was cameron everybody would say the same but because she is a 16 year old girl nobody thinks it . 
  ignoring our past ? 
  immigrants built the nation we have today after thousands of brits went to australia and people from the commonwealth came to the uk . 
  when you lump em together it sounds bad , but when you start saying 2 million asians are in the uk then saying 200,000 chinese , 150,000 japanese , etc those numbers start looking small . 
  the ancestors from other parts of the world ? 
  alright . 
  british heritage is a mix of cultures and traditions , chinese , indian , german , scandinavian , irish , saxon , pakistani but shove a few eastern europeans into the mix and everybody throws a fit . 
  empire opened our borders , our borders are still closed to the rest of the world and people leaving the uk and coming to the uk are roughly equal . 
  everything about her makes he seem like she see 's herself above everybody else , so yes . 
  money does n't make you better than somebody else . 
  im not quick into saying something like that , but it was literally the first thing that came to my head without hesitation . 
  have you seen the other losing options on the bbc ? 
  i feel like these 2 might have won because they was in the voice . . 
  it moved on because nothing was changing armies where not moving , sanctions where not changing , it got boring for everybody . 
  the ukraine team also played serbia in rugby league saying sports transcends politics so while they ca n't play in ukraine serbia would host the match instead . 
  it 's a good mind set to have , humans are still humans . 
  snotty little cow , i agree where she is coming from i do agree ... however would it be worth losing what we have just so we can control our borders ? 
  they act as martyrs `` the west kills muslims , rise up brothers and stop the oppression '' come on man , they have been beating that drum for nearly a decade now . 
  every country has extra deals to pretend only britain does is silly also britain staying in regardless of its deals makes it stronger unlike leaving which makes it weaker . 
  also a multii-cultured eu allowing special deals ? 
  it kinda has to so everybody can work together else where . 
  that would be recognizing the state which gives it legitimacy and makes you an ally . 
  ... when dead , yea . 
  for the record im pro-eu and im voting in ... 
  is that the yy that sounds like an f ? 
   you are just a parasite to all the other countries which contribute and commit . 
  a state that gives more than it takes is a parasite ? 
  surely it would be the other way around that the eu is the parasite because it takes more than it gives . 
  britain gives the eu credibility as a project , it 's the biggest military power , is home to the largest financial capital on earth , one of the largest european economies and populations . 
  but it does n't want open borders and why should a state using it 's own currency bail out the nations that use a different one ? 
  you can say `` you helped ireland no problem so what gives ? '', 
  ireland and the uk have a relationship that the uk and the eu does n't share so it 's a little more complicated . 
  just like how ireland and uk have open borders with each other . 
  if the uk was n't this important the deals it has would n't have been made . 
  o.o that 's like a fundamental basic of the language ... even i know how to pronounce volkswagon and i do n't know german except nien and ductcheland i do n't even speak welsh and i know ll sounds like an f, 
  it 's largely why the uk was as stable as it is , we can take the piss out of everything and those things that are said hold a small amount of truth and can be used to start a discussion and sometimes used to hold the government and other systems to account . 
  unlike turkey where calling the pm names gets you expelled from school . 
  when they said the euro crash would happen because of letting weaker economies mingle with more powerful ones and it was ignored . 
  either take the advice or stop complaining when we do n't provide it . 
  its a mind set more for the british than not being able to learn , we have the internet , we can watch foreign tv shows , language video 's , read foreign articles and the like so we have the capability to learn , it 's the same way a lot of people learn english , by watching english tv . 
  the problem is the british have the luxury of knowing that they can go anywhere in the world and find people who speak english . 
  we take it for granted and a lot of us think `` what 's the point of learning their language when they know mine ? '', 
  i posted an article yesterday , most brits are eurosceptic but do n't want to leave . 
  we criticize the eu but we want to stay , if everybody sat back and said `` meh it 's good enough '' then the eu will fail , the uk is one of the only countries looking at the system and going `` hey , guys ? 
  i think we need to fix this '' and everybody just shrugs it off and continues doing what they where doing . 
  considering most europeans learn english as a 2nd language , is that ignored in favour of another language ? 
  you know pmq 's is a relatively new thing right ? 
  it was built that way so each side fights against the other . 
  ukip got 3rd because liberal democrats lost everybody 's faith , everybody knew it would happen that ukip would be 3rd . 
  i say that to my parents , a lot did n't want to join and hate the government for not giving them a choice , so this will be a revenge vote for the older generations rather than on what 's best . 
  and it 's that way because as you said , they do n't have to live with the consequences, 
  nothing the americans can say will sway the british . 
  depends on the country . 
  like i said they could make the law fullfil a similar purpose to age of consent and paedophilia . 
  it 's not illegal for somebody would the same age to have sex or anything but still anybody over the age of consent ca n't have sex with somebody under it ... so that law still protects the younger member of the family . 
  yes actually it is . 
  i was 8 and had a crush on my teacher , different people mature at different times . 
  everybody had a teacher they wanted to fuck , or that hot celebrity to pretend otherwise and to say `` nah im too dumb and young to consent '' is just naive . 
  like i said in a thread last week about beastiality , look up dogs humping humans on youtube ... is that not consent ? 
  they are clearly after it ... if the woman decides to go for it that is considered abuse ? 
  a 15 year old can give consent , we just refuse to acknowledge it because of an arbitrary line in the sand , just saying .
