  a pound to us is like a months wage to them . 
  so these guys will happily stand and defend their customers because they allow them to have a life and they wholeheartedly appreciate it , the happiness and friendliness is not fake whatsoever its 100 % genuine so this kind act does n't surprise me . 
  hell my parents made a young lad tear up because they gave him 5 dune ( what ever the currency is ) but made sure it was n't in front of anybody , that is nearly a months wage . 
  1 leaflet can not take over a life time of 1 law , 1 culture . 
  it 's pretty easy for us because we are taught to respect other cultures and abide the laws and cultures in other countries from a young age . 
  they are not , they live under dictatorships so are not expected to move outside the country . 
  i mean s.korea and n.korea do it to each other , nothing has changed between the two . 
  eastern europe had wars against the ottomans and western europe and japan had tribal wars like england did 500 years before so once again war . 
  war is the single reason for human advancement , it can not be ignored it has touched every aspect of our species existence . 
  the biggest example of this is the romans , they where far more advanced than anybody else at the time , the dark ages is a time when the technology of the romans vanished . 
  once again i agree , sadly its easier said than done . 
  education existed in the colonies in a very primal form , because education is basically the sharing of knowledge , so europeans gave their knowledge to the colonies to as i said before create better workers . 
  also war helped people think in new ways and that increased the knowledge at the time in europe and asia ( who was always at war ) and that feeds perfectly into medicine because 90 % of the medical advances over 1000 years was pioneered in a warzone , only in the last 70 years it 's been done in peace time and the more medically capable we became we taught others the techniques to pass on and that was passed onto the colonies ... through education , infrastructure is the same the above 2 examples . 
  war built europe and asia , africa was known for not having any wars because the lack of people making it an effective way to grow so they stagnated , go watch the zulu empire on extra credits , you 'll understand what i mean . 
  i do n't disagree with you at all i was merely pointing out the other side of the argument , people are more than happy to say what you said earlier and not consider how these people would react to girls in more revealing clothes . 
  if they read the news and knew anything about the culture then they would think about what i said . 
  it 's an ignorance thing but if you do n't know ca n't blame you . 
  erm , brits get a pretty bad deal in the wages compartment since the pound is stronger :(, 
  it probably wo n't but the syrian women would probably play a role with more `` revealing '' clothing , at least this way it 's the men who will cause the problems so the risk is cut ... in an odd way . 
  to probably stop them being attacked by women calling them sluts or something and to not make themselves a target for the men who if the news is right , tend to rape women if they get the chance ( only the middle eastern ones because of how strict their law is ) and a school girl in a mini skirt would give them the idea . 
  mate it was a joke . 
  the closet i could get was `` is somebody buying lots of chemical 's for no obvious reason and protective gear to use the chemical 's . '', 
  a shed or lock up as well . 
  [ here ] ( http://content.met.police.uk/campaign/nationwidecounterterrorism ) chances are there would be a warrant made to check the premises of the guy and potential 24 hour arrest . 
  i have read history , the europeans did n't have to spread education , medicine , infrastructure with the colonies but they did anyway . 
  sure there reason behind it was to get better workers but in the end is how is that much different to people in the home country ? 
  majority of chairs where given to the tories so they won , the election college is worse because it views states differently and you only need a few big states to win meaning 25 + states are not needed to win a majority which is clearly not 50 % ours is far more fair than yours . 
  what if they like each other ? 
  all you need to do is buy some rope , gas , some wires , a few small boxes and some manure to get put in jail . 
  so if your a farmer your fucked . 
  exactly , so just because the people say one thing does n't mean the government would think the same . 
  germany would honour it 's nato commitments or it risks having literally no ally because it would be seen as untrustworthy . 
  i hate the american government , does n't mean i hate the people , learn to separate the 2 . 
  remember the british public did n't want to go to iraq but our government took us in , so what one says does n't mean the other thinks the same . 
  government does not equal people , you should know that being in the usa . 
  only a matter of time mate, 
  statistically somebody has to like you, 
  and america has clinics where you can cure gayness , what 's your point exactly ? 
  they are not wrong , america is fucking corrupt . 
  its the dictatorship others should try to be `` have a powerful economy and military , still be able to subjurgate the population by having crap education and make it so the election system is easy to fix ( election college anyone ? 
  23 state votes = your president ) and hello mister president . 
  only without the 2 terms of office thing . 
  america has got it down pretty much perfectly except that minor term problem , thankfully the nsa , fbi , cia and corporations make it seem like a indefinite term . 
  shotguns are owned by all those i listed and those owners you mentioned would fall into those categories . 
  considering an ex sas soldier had a pistol was sent to jail for it , the law is pretty fucking strict , only after massive public outcry did he get released and permission to own the weapon as a thanks for his duty to the country . 
  the difference is the government has be fucking good at lying to get us involved unlike in the past . 
  the brits where pissed off enough at iraq to say no to any other intervention in the middle east and africa . 
  also arab countries cause their own problems with dictators and extremist groups not kept under control . 
  no stable government = fights for power . 
  we get involved because we are getting attacked in our own countries . 
  we have been globe trotting a lot longer than you folks have , you guys are making a good effort to catch up . 
  also just to add , most deaths of war for about 800 years was due to disease not actually fighting , kinda scews the stats a bit but hey , shit happens am i right ? 
  erm being british i have yet to see our empire shown in a good light , every documentary has the host asking questions about how the empire is seen and it 's always worded negatively . 
  they was going to teach about napoleon ( most brits are clueless about the waterloo ) and somebody said `` we should n't glorify our history '' , i took my gcse 's in history and the british empire or any empire a part from the roman one was taught to me so where you are getting this idea that our government glorifies it i have no clue . 
  china is an empire just so you know , thailand was part of china and broke away so that has nothing to do with this , korea was conquered by japan , nepal nobody could beat them ( ghuka 's rock ) but the people joined the british army thinking they was fighting with the best in the world ... bhutan never heard of it . 
  learn the history of africa ... zulu 's ... nice people right ? 
  african nations as we know them would not exist without european intervention or at least a couple might but most of the continent would still be living in mud huts , india was ruled by 2 empires and then conquered by britain who combined the sub-continent and called it india which is now the largest parlimentary government and nearly a super power , did n't get there on its own . 
  also in the early stages the british adopted the culture around them , it 's only when money got involved then things went bad . 
  oh and india ? 
  run by the british trading company for 400 years , after some rebellions and massacres the government took control of the country ... so go ahead and blame britain for the neglect and abuse caused by a company , things do n't change much . 
  propaganda , people supported wars because they where told they where doing something great and had literally no other view point to disprove it . 
  we have 24/7 news from around the world and hundreds and thousands of different sources to look at . 
  a famine like those in the past would have the international community helping incredibly quickly instead of in about 3 months they hear about it , 2 months working out what to do and 5 months to get the food to the area . 
  just to let you know ... vietnam was worse than this . 
  human nature my ass , it 's the nature of anything that is alive . 
  no compensation should be given out for something that happened 140 years ago . 
  we dragged them out of mud huts and gave them the infrastructure and knowledge to build their society today , that 's the ultimate gift , we did some horrible things , but we gave the colonies gifts that could never be returned and are priceless . 
  can i just say , that was probably largely done by colonial troops , just putting that out there . 
  you can blame the british knock yourself out but i imagine the soldiers where told to do what ever to get information and not given specifics . 
  the problems of the past , nobody could see the problem or think it 's nothing but an isolated problem . 
  we have the luxury of the internet and hindsight , do you think these famines would have been as bad if the british had the internet back then . 
  not giving excuses but it 's one of the reasons of many uprisings in the colonies including america 's uprising , the people 's problems where unknown to anybody of importance for long periods of time and by then it 's too late to fix . 
  you would be surprised , considering we still get irish in our military , also we are still seen very favorably by all 4 countries you listed . 
  you may not want to admit it but everybody has moved on , we are friends now not master and colony . 
  i missed the word `` not '' from that : /, 
  sims, 
  nope you need to take supplements . 
  nutrition and diet organizations have money on the line so they will tell you that you are perfectly fine with no meat , but humans are omnivores and we are more suited for eating meat than veg . 
  so being a vegetarian is ignoring your biology , i have nothing against vegetarians i just do n't like the `` well you should change because i do n't like people eating meat '' rubbish . 
  and the `` you kill innocent animals '' rubbish ... you kill plant life , do n't hear me banging on about it . 
  sorry about the little rant there . 
  not really ? 
  a few failed dutch attacks ... 
  im basing my argument on an opinion mate . 
  sorry kiddo the uk has never been out of a war except in 1965 , if any military is the most battle hardened it 's the british or israel . 
  america has far too many soldiers to give them enough experience to match their british counterparts . 
  150,000 soldiers over 10 years will get more experience than 1 million soldiers over 10 years because the rotation is smaller . 
  exactly they failed , let them humiliate themselves , britain has done it 3 times so far but even we managed to take control of afghanistan 's foreign affairs during the great game in the 1880 's , russia just got its ass kicked . 
  america and the uk have been stuck in a war for 15 years so i think we outclass them in the experience department and the technology department . 
  they would n't stand a chance . 
  so the only reason to eat bull is because it 's killed in a sand pit ? 
  and you tell me i need to have facts and logic ? 
  haha ok if you say so . 
  why would anybody eat a bull that has n't been killed in an arena for fun haha , i dunno because they want to eat it just like people want to eat a cow or pig . 
  use your brain . 
  get rid of the sport , people will still eat bull . 
  and yes letting animals having good lives and the killing them painlessly is less barbaric than killing a bull in an arena with spears in it 's fucking back for an hour then cutting it 's throat . 
  the western world has gone away from animal abuse and actively punish it . 
  we shut down and lock people that abuse animals before killing them and sending them to shops as well so why ca n't a bull have a good life and be killed quickly and painlessly ? 
  why should it be made to fight for it 's life only to end up being killed regardless ?
