  i saw non of it and i spend all my time online ... 
  i think we do have a points system already . 
   do you understand a points based immigration system ? 
  from what i understand free movement of workers bypasses the system . 
  ( could be wrong i do n't even know anymore . ), 
  our nhs is propped up by immigrants , if all of them stopped working so would the nhs , so people hating immigrants coming into the country and working where our own people wo n't is stupid . 
  we have a shortage of doctors and nurses even with all of these guys coming over for crying out loud . 
  preston 's ae department had to close because of a shortage . 
  i just woke up , i am confused ... people want to adopt me ? 
  i am on a zero hour contract , not great , went from 112 hours in 2 weeks to about 50-60 in 2 weeks :'(, 
  it 's a good job i do n't listen to experts , they 'll be telling me lies !, 
  i do n't want them there , i recall the snp would shut down the government just like the republicans do in america to get what they want , that is n't democracy . 
  except her whole job is to break up the uk regardless of the outcome , she wants another referendum no matter what , it just depends on timing and now is n't the time until scotland is ready to leave . 
  record unemployment due to zero hour contracts , ca n't forget that . 
  tories . 
  so cutting 50 % of our trade has nothing to do with a recession ... got ya . 
  most people wanted to ... but cameron refused . 
  2 million now . 
  it was a sketch , the ministry of silly walks . 
  exactly , how can you make britain great when britain does n't exist . 
  you would be surprised how many people who could vote and did n't vote would actually come out to vote because figured `` it 's rigged to remain anyway '', 
  only way to send em back is if their country of origin accepts em back and promises not to harm them . 
  if those 2 things do n't happen we ca n't send them back anyway . 
  now we ca n't send eu citizens back as easily as we could . 
  the problem is gon na get worse . 
  people want to trade with the eu , they just do n't understand the concept that we need to do it under eu rules not our own ( most leavers do n't know that ) and do n't forget it was britain that fought hard for the eu to allow free trade with countries outside of the eu . 
  we built europe together , we where trying to change europe to accept nations that did n't want to join a union but at the same time allow those who do to continue . 
  if anything this referendum ( regardless of how we voted ) was britain putting itself on the line for the benefit of europe , it was a call to say `` it needs to change no matter what happens '' . 
  i voted to remain so it sucks to be out , but hopefully everybody else on the continent can benefit regardless . 
  hopefully we 'll be back in a few decades if you guys do n't fuck this up . 
   `` we 're all going to die do n't worry people are taking the piss and winding people up , of course nobody is going to die . 
  people exaggerate for the sake of comedy . 
  nope , she needs to stay neutral in all of this and accept what the people say and that is so the government will follow their will . 
  because that 's all people can do , on here , in the shops , in parliament and in the eu parliament and around the world . 
  nobody knows what will happen so speculation is an important part of that to try and work out what could happen . 
  people are doing pro leave messages to piss off or annoy the remainers , do n't worry about it . 
  also that rule has been broken constantly since i have been here since i always see eu news on here , it 's a dumb rule , what are europeans supposed to talk about ? 
  the weather ? 
  this is n't r/unitedkingdom, 
  nope . 
  she has no power like that as far as i know , besides she wo n't dare go against the will of the people , if she did then the monarchy will be abolished . 
  we know nothing will change until after 2 years article 50 is activated . 
  true but a majority vote is a majority vote plus if they do n't imagine the riots . 
  it 's not completely their fault if the people voting are completely fucking stupid , all of the leave voters had 1 main priority , immigration and nobody had an answer for it . 
  my said to me after i told her scotland could leave now and n.ireland `` good if they want independence they have that right '' i said `` they voted to stay with us , we just kicked them out the un ... '' `` paul just stop , your blinked and im sick of arguing . '', 
  anything negative she hates hearing and she never lets me say my piece it 's annoying . 
  sorry for voiding your vote a few years bro i want you guys to stay but yea . . 
  you forgot not christian . 
  nope , democracy does n't work like that , it 's up to the voter to hear an argument and then research on it , or follow blindly . 
  many did n't look further than the papers and on tv farage and boris where the best and most confident speakers regardless of what they where selling . 
  oh do n't i know it . 
  which would happen if we rejoin , adopt the euro and open our borders, 
  more sources is a bad thing ? 
  you literally just said research does n't matter, 
  that 'll take over a decade to even get our old partners back like the usa , china , canada , australia , india , japan and whole lot more . 
  i never understood the `` people who run the country and rich people telling us how to vote '' so we should vote against them . 
  well ... yea surely if they made money and kept hold of it while giving you a job and means to lives gives them some credibility on how we should vote . . 
  yup . 
  lancashire , is one of the poorest regions , our mining industry was completely crushed in the 1980 's by thacher and people have been pissed off ever since , same with the surrounding area ... except liverpool . 
  i live in lancashire so this is going to hurt , i ca n't even look smug when i say i told you so . 
  the younger generation do n't read newspapers so automatically they avoid the poisonous bias bullshit in those rags that the older generation have read their entire lives . 
  then the younger generation use the internet every single day and have grown up with people from other countries and different colour skin and dream of traveling the world ( something that just got harder ) and can find information very quickly unlike the older generation who barely use the vcr . 
  the generation use the excuse `` we lived through it all so we understand it and know more than you '' but i have proven to my parents that i know far far more than them and any other person voting out because they have no idea how the eu works at all at any level . 
  no law got into the uk without a british representative being involved in the negotiation and the pm saying ok that 's fine . 
  but nope , just names nobodies in brussels has it out for us and voted against everything and we have muslims in our country and we ca n't get rid of them ( not an eu problem ) . 
  that age group ( that could n't vote anyway ) was a risky gamble , they get told how to vote by their parents or they research some stuff . 
  i like to think they would have voted remain but from personal experience the parents would have tried very hard to push their own agenda onto their children and use the `` we are older than you and we know better so trust us '' . 
  which is an abuse of power imho . 
  hmm i may have gotten confused , either way they still had a hand in how thing came to be , as they came of voting age they pretty much aligned with their parents it was generation x that went against authority in the 70 's and 80 's and saw our government fuck up britain with the collapse of industry which is why the north voted leave . 
   i am sure of it that 's not exactly a surprise it 's 100 % expected , just where , when and who is involved is the question . 
  fuck you bro, 
  if we vote for their terms why would n't they let us in ? 
  the generation that repeatedly says `` we lived through it for 40 years '' that got all their news from a newspaper of their choice and tv putting down the younger generation as uninformed and immature felt that they knew better when they where the uninformed in every respect so voted out . 
  both my parents of 50 + claimed they lived through it so i was the one with the wrong opinion on which way to vote but both admitted they know nothing about the eu . 
  that 's what we where up against . 
  wisdom does n't come with age or wisdom , it comes with knowledge . 
  the baby boomers , the generation who took part in or was born during/just after ww2 was called the greatest generation because they rebuilt this country . 
  the truth is they built it for themselves and nobody else , this became evident with the pensions in 2008 . 
  should be changed to the selfish generation and they have the balls to call the millennial generation the me me me generation . 
  1-2 hours from now . 
  i know that , you know that 52 % of this country does n't know that which is why they voted to leave on that very subject . 
  oil has fallen and the pound has fallen ... welp . 
  we do n't have one now or in the next general election , 10 years of weak leadership , we are fucked . 
  it 'll be harder , it takes political deals with other countries to send em back , we could do it with the eu lot , but not the middle east or africa ... that was the problem before and will still be now just now we ca n't send the eu lot back without doing politics . 
  vatican city women pick one . 
  there is no independence . 
  our media is poison . 
  you think he is in bed ? 
  unlikely he 's probably in his constituency and is heading to downing street and preparing a leave speech . 
   canada should immediately demonstrate respect for the choice made by the british people , & prioritize negotiation of canada-uk free trade . 
  thanks canada , you are always there for us when we need you the most , it 's a shame your older brother is n't the same . 
  im 26 , join the club . 
  the brits ca n't afford cheap games anymore :(, 
  of the century . 
  we are a small island but boy can we move the world . 
  my mum hopes the eu will collapse . 
  scotland is all yellow , barely . 
  nobody knows , they are brought up as a potential solution to our new relationship with the eu, 
  we do ? 
  remain .
