  however if you say `` lets go rob that guy because he is black '' or `` all africans should die '' then you are inciting hate and violence and you will be punished . 
  you have the right to give them out , just accept you will be punished for it . 
  freedom of speech gives you the right to say what you want , even death threats . 
  just accept sometimes there are consequences for example , being a racist is fine ... inciting violence is illegal though . 
  religion should be able to sprout hate speech if they wanted ? 
  these people are dumb . 
  then again every veterans day we have muslims burning poppies and shouting for the death of britain so who am i say who can or can not spread and incite hate/harm . 
  and labour say they will go throw the anti privacy laws if they get into power and get rid of some of them . 
  stuff like this is because dinosaurs in power do n't know how the internet and technology works , the idiots do n't realize they can get hacked easier and they will be the first to complain . 
  absolute idiots . 
  you do n't bomb it for no reason . 
  im bored , might as well do something . 
  put a monarch as head of state and we 'll have a united kingdoms of europe , sounds much nicer . 
  quebec and the 13 colonies say hi ... so does every british colony but we still had a union with them . 
  i stocked up on digestives , im sure the hobnobs are fine , they are being used in place of sandbags with the amount of liquid they can absorb . 
  we are not american , we actually give a damn about working with other cultures and nations and do n't try and bash them over the head with our epeen ... not much anyway . 
  even in our empire days we worked with other nations , when was the last time the usa decided to not bully somebody into accepting a favourable deal ? 
  well i went to canada last year and i did n't need a visa to go on holiday there because we are in the commonwealth so we kinda do , still needed a passport though . 
  open the doors to 1.2 billion people in india ? 
  fuck that . 
  australia , nz and canada have roughly 20 million people each and their countries are advanced enough that their people would just pack up and leave in large numbers to another country . 
  indians and africans will . 
  it 's not racist its common sense . 
  yes , but that was before eastern europe joined , i am also aware that we pushed for it but not the currency or free movement . 
  just goes to show , the uk is happy to have stuff like this , as long as it knows it 'll work . 
  the 4 nations have strong ties and it 'll benefit all , the eu version benefits the east and not the bigger western economies . 
  history is funny , once spain , france and portugal got kicked out of the america 's the newly born united states claimed that no empires are allowed in the north or south of america ... with the exception of britain in canada . 
  the problem is the united states had no way to enforce that , britain became the guard dog of the united states and enforced that policy for them . 
  200 years later we are given shit for having control of an a small group of islands in the south atlantic that existed before most of those nations . 
  irish pale ale ... wut ? 
  i know the facts mate but it 's light hearted fun , do n't take it too seriously . 
  we still bang on about winning the war when it comes to germans , france also won the war after the north was liberated and your people played a valuable part in that . 
  if anything the surrendering part is mostly because of how many times you lost to the british and only a thing with american 's because of ww2 and lets be honest the americans are not the smartest bunch , because as we all know if it was n't for them europe and the uk would be german right now . 
  to hold talks with argentina , basically not backing us, 
  3 times i believe . 
  would be a better union that twilight . 
  cool , i know some people get a bit touchy on the subject so just wanted to make it clear  we know you are powerful , we are rivals after all but we still got ta have a pop at you from time to time , 
  it 's legal to say you want a type of worker to suit a theme , rarely do you see english in chinese or indian restaurants and if you do they are behind the bar or in big places waiting . 
   he took substantial political heat for re-entering the middle east at europe 's request . 
  and asked europe ... no sorry the uk to go back for syria . 
  hypocrite much ? 
  believe me i am in that age group ... sorry no im 26 now but my situation is the same and i am in 2 zero hour contracts . 
  so im familiar with how hard it is to get a job . 
  all i am doing is showing some humanity for those who will be forced out the country just on the basis of what they earn regardless of what family they have . 
  hard working , law abiding , tax paying workers will be evicted , that does n't sit right for me , these people left their home countries and risked everything to come here . 
  the fact that `` those in the nhs and phd 's are excluded from this for now '' shows how dumb this is . 
  # 25,000 would allow enough people to stay here no problem and not ruin their lives , while making enough room in the market for those without work . 
  we made eurovison though . 
  non brits practically run our nhs ... we kinda need them or the whole system will collapse and it shows how stupid this policy is , very few migrants will earn # 35,000 a year . 
  i will never make this in my life and i was born in this country ... should be around # 25,000 at least since that 's the average , there abouts . 
  but banning female genital mutilation is fine ? 
  both cause a lot of pain and needless suffering , i do n't give a fuck if they wo n't remember it or not , too many kids have died from botched circumcisions because of stupid religions or false societal pressures ( america ), 
   you made my day because it was n't a surrender this time ? 
  sorry could n't resist . 
  the unionists are just as violent as those who want to join the republic , they clash every year , changing who controls what will not fix that . 
  also making it so the n.ireland parliament needs 50/50 from both unionist and republican party really fucks up the country , thankfully control has been handed over to london since they could n't do shit a couple of years ago . 
  only a few years ago everybody in n.ireland willingly or reluctantly said n.ireland is better with the uk and that nobody wants to reunite with the republic except a hand full of the population . 
  that will still be the same now , n.ireland wo n't leave the uk . 
  now if ireland wants to rejoin the uk , im all for that , we love you guys . 
  ( my grandad was from the republic ), 
  the only real challenge to america is europe but we are some way off that just yet . 
  it 's called in decline , i did n't say you are no longer a super power but your influence is in decline . 
  a lot of nations do n't like your country anymore , including your allies . 
  we had enough ammo of a type and not enough of another type . 
  3rd times the charm old chap ? 
  biggest economy on earth is the eu . . not important ? 
  what ? 
  america showed us the end to empire during the suez canal , we end your super power days with refusing to bomb syria . 
  what goes around comes around guys !, 
  we did n't shoot at anything with our typhoons because nothing was in the air ... so our attention switched to ground targets to hurry up the process under the `` protect civilians '' lie . 
  turns out we did n't have a lot of smart bombs , also when you are left dependent on the usa ( by your design by the way ) then you do n't have a lot of systems in place . 
  normally the uk does it 's thing and america gives it britain the resources it asks for to do it 's thing . 
  if america left europe the european nations will start looking after themselves , hell it might kick start the need for a european military ... problem is america wo n't leave . 
  it 's rather nice seeing how loyal portugal was and still is to the uk . 
  our alliance kept portugal out of ww2 because if portugal got involved spain would as well . 
  pretty sure that 's a big one :p, 
  i was n't suggesting anything , i just said our forces rarely fired on anything because it was limited purely to making sure nothing was in the air . 
  it was only when we started targeting ground targets we started running out of bombs ... so i was n't saying you was wrong . 
  all i was saying is that we did have enough ammo until we changed strategy . 
  you realize a lot of the missions had nobody shooting anything right ? 
  typhoons where coming back with all their ammo , it was when they started attacking ground units that they started running out of ammo . 
  france and britain are focusing on europe , i believe we will vote to stay in the eu . 
  but like i said , even with britain leaving the eu we will still be allies and will cooperate regardless of what the eu says , if the eu wants to try and stop us it can go fuck itself . 
  well ... maybe the current french government might be a dick to us but the country as a whole and on either side likes the other . 
  love that polandball , the history , the feels ... 
  when we spent more money than the usa and get called freeriders then he can fuck off . 
  edit : that might be wrong ... i got that info from somebody else in this thread . 
  considering france and britain cooperate on military matters and share tech , research and man power , sure why would this vote change anything ? 
  the two nations are the strongest military powers in europe and highly respect each others nations and abilities . 
  leaving the eu will not change a damn thing between us . 
  we are bro 's , america however ... they are pushing their luck and britain has told the usa to fuck off plenty of times , they just make themselves look worse with this crap . 
  that only exists between the people , not the government . 
  i would have thought britain was one of the best at restoration considering we still have a ton of old ass tech and buildings over here working and functional . 
  they also ignore the sas being on the ground finding targets for british and american subs to attack , namely the air defenses . 
  i also remember on the date of the resolutions typhoons where flying directly to libya , bombing targets and flying back to the uk before italy allowed the loan of bases . 
  britain needs to get away from the usa , france will you take us ? 
  we like you guys . 
  so ... the usa is saying britain is a free rider ? 
  wtf is wrong with the american government ? 
  fuck you and your wars then , our people die next to yours and this is what they get from our `` greatest ally '' ?
