  included . 
  at 16 million, 
  nothing ... but people may not want to join the euro and open our borders . 
  because scotland is pro eu . 
  40 of it was inside europe and the other 30 was in recession . 
  they where defending themselves in that fight , just saying . 
  backed by an empire for 400 years . . 
  we never had and never will have one before and after this . 
  so support the guy that equates the eu to hitler and napoleon , cracking logic . 
  it 's rich farage is talking about going against lies ... when he twisted facts and preyed on fear . 
  that we are happy to ruin our country ? 
  why ? 
  we can if we accept the euro and open borders . 
  well shit , n.ireland could head to a referendum : /, 
  st.helens and wigan share borders and both of our rugby league teams are the fiercest rivals in the sport , that has kept the rivalry alive . 
  so it 's not some town 30min away , it 's literally a 5-10min drive up the road . 
  london can change this ... as long as less area 's vote leave and start voting remain . 
  not really a lot of those regions where vote remain by very close margins even 50 % in a couple of area 's . 
   what gets me is we 're watching a constitutional monarchy show the us how voting should be done . 
  we are showing the world how voting should be done , if there is one thing i can take away from this , is the world will say `` they did it right , we need to strive to do the same '' . 
  they did for scotlands referendum . 
  they are called pie eaters because during the miner strike in the 70 's the wigan miners used to eat a lot of pies on the picket line . 
  they also became the first miners to go back to work so it is said they ate humble pie . 
  it 's a derogatory thing to call them and i come from their closest rival town st.helens so we call them that on a daily basis . 
  because a few small brained idiots somehow managed to convince at least half the country that immigration is a nation destroying problem and that we are run by brussels . 
  probably america , once you leave for there you never leave . 
  looks like we need to ban the welsh from voting again . 
  pie eaters leaving the uk . 
  if the graph shows 50/50 but has 100 votes more on one side , then that side wins . 
  sounds daft i know , i could n't believe it when i typed it . 
  so many 50/50 votes in favour of leave ... 
  i know a lot of youngsters that either have n't voted or did n't care to vote . 
  apparently out of 46 million registered , 33 million voted and that is a 70 % turn out . 
  so it 's one of the highest turn out in british politics so it 's representative i guess . 
  at least we get to pick the nursing homes , which would be fucking shite if we leave , so we get the last laugh , buncha bastards . 
  overall popular vote . 
  every vote is counted and added to either leave or remain and put together as a region ( county ) then gets added to the uk total at the time . 
  first to 16 million wins . 
  if there is a big enough call by the public i think so . 
  not sure tho . 
  i think he wants to go in the big pool , it 's cute . 
  no clue , down to the wire . 
  the future of your greatest ally ... is not even on the news ... seriously ? 
  wtf is wrong with your country ? 
  he can only speak as fast as his table shows the info and he has to be careful of how he speaks and that the info is right so he is n't going to go ahead of the info which means he has to slow down . 
  voting ended 10pm yesterday , it 's all counting now . 
  fucking liverpool , we have our banter but i love you fuckers right now . 
  it 's not smug , saying `` i do n't give a fuck im voting to stick it to the man '' is a vote wasted . 
  you risk fucking up the future of the country because of a personal grudge . 
  we are middle earth , did n't you know ? 
  fucking pie eaters . 
  why a japan flair ? 
  welcome japan , any thoughts on which way you want us to vote ? 
  all downsides for my mum, 
  this is a bit bigger than quebec wanting to leave . 
  if they have no idea what will happen , if they vote for the status quo that is intelligent , voting for the unknown is foolish . 
  oh the irony , immigrants scared they 'll lose their jobs to immigrants ? 
  might call in sick for stress , this is scaring the shit out of me . 
  keep fucking this up bro , got some irn bru in this for ya, 
  literally the same in st.helens , my family voted leave ( 3 of them ) i voted remain . 
  of course , the south is coming in . 
  where do you hail son ? 
  thank fuck the south is stepping up , gap has closed . 
  do you want leave or remain ? 
  immigration is the only issue here when i talk to anyone about it ... they voted because of lies . 
  no one can , it 's literally a case of `` well fuck , what happens now ? '', 
  and everyone just shrugs their shoulders . 
  noooooo my town voted leave !!!, 
  it 'll impact america and the world massively . 
  same ... i thought the celtic nations of the union wanted remain . 
  i am not in work until 7pm friday so i can stay up . 
  you could probably be attacked by sharks it was pretty deep . 
  the problem is ... it 's kinda true . 
  people have n't done any research and vote how the media tells them to vote . 
  huh ? 
  i assume they try it and you see who the idiots are ? 
  you can volunteer to work for a cash payment in return . 
  why would anybody do this for free ? 
  nope , just uneducated people reading our newspapers , negative propaganda for 40 years . 
  yup, 
  the brits do n't lie when it comes to anti government sentiment . 
  volunteer ( i think ) and no idea if they have to be there but im sure they are paid for it so i assume they do . 
  unlikely . 
  i only enjoy horror films when i am not involved in it . 
  winging it . 
  i need to buy you guys a beer , i 'll be as rich as greece by the end of it but still . 
  what is your city ? 
  please do . 
  nothing confirmed ... 
  that 's not the only argument though and to be honest , being immigrants themselves they may feel more benefits than we do . 
  most people are from outside the uk there and bradford so you never know, 
  i do n't care for politics but im staying up all night for this . 
  gon na be a rough night :'(, 
  mate i went to canada i still needed a passport but no visa because i am part of the commonwealth i could stay up to 2 weeks before i needed a visa . 
  all the freedom of workers is doing is pretty much the same except you can stay as long as you are working/going for a job interview , student or if you are retiring you should be able to provide for yourself . 
  the only difference between the uk and the continent is you need a passport to get here and into the country . 
  no passport no entry so i just listed 3 things that need to be met before entry . 
  even your link said there is still criteria to be met , so how do you imagine those are met ? 
  you still need a passport to come here and you are checked at the border the only difference is the line you enter one would be europeans you show your passport say you are here to work and off you go . 
  they can still be refused , for example , no money no entry because you need to be able to support yourself until your first paycheck .
