  banning them is nothing to do with `` curing gayness '' banning them will be a way to say `` you are lgbt we get it , can we move on now ? '', 
  sort of thing . 
  problem is if anybody tries to ban it then they would be considered homophobic , but i bet if we did a straight and proud parade they would be in up roar . 
  as far as im concerned you are a person , if i say something bad to you i am an asshole nothing else . 
  i am not sexist , racist , homophobic anti this or anti that . 
  giving words power has caused a lot of problems . 
  cut the crap do n't act differently ( consciously ) then complain you get treated badly/differently . 
  2 world wars and america being anti-empire and super selfish as well as creating an anti empire organization ( un ) made us dismantle our empire . 
  we fell from the greatest nation on earth to 5th , not bad really . 
  i did n't say we could or could n't i want to stay with the eu . 
  that 's all that should matter . 
  most people above 50 want to leave because they have n't had a voice in the eu for an entire life time , it becomes revenge all logical thought leaves their head . 
  they will vote to leave and let the youngsters pick up the pieces . 
  nothing , different polls get different groups of people , just ignore them . 
  i can get 100 people and get a 60 % for one side , then go ask another 100 people and get 60 % for the other side . 
  it 's largely pointless and makes it way too easy to get your agenda across . 
  i like graham norton he 's effeminate but not in your face with it . 
  i am well aware people can not help having the high pitch voice and i have literally no issue with it . 
  i do n't mind gay sex jokes , i use them in banter myself but when that 's the only routine they have it gets boring and annoying . 
  a similar case to this is sarah millican and jo brand that only do fat or sex jokes , at first its ok but then gets annoying . 
  i do n't watch them anymore because of it , i am using alan carr as an example of the type of gays i do n't like . 
  i went out one day and had a gay lad ( a friend of my brothers ) talk to me and say if you want good blow jobs go to him ( points to my brother ) he is the best in the town ... i then pointed out we was related . 
  he had a high voice and acted femine , i had no issues with it whats so ever . 
  but when you want to be treated equally and then demand something like a parade and dress in the campest way possible for the sole reason to get attention ( had a guy like that in a school i worked at , he was a twat ) then i hate them . 
  if gays acted as normal as they can be then i have no issue , when they start getting eccentric for no reason it 's when i hate em . 
  losing power ? 
  still 5th when it comes to the most powerful nations . 
  losing influence ? 
  number 1 softpower in 2012 , head of the 2nd largest group of nations on earth behind the un ( commonwealth ) . 
  on the un security council , major nation in the eu , founder of nato , g7 , g8 member and 100 + more world oganisations . 
  plus the largest financial capital in the world . 
  we are not losing power or influence ... oh and still a nuclear armed nation with state of the art military training and equipment . 
  oh and key nation in the eu 's space effort by being the largest contributor of funds and making most of the satellites ... or at least most of the equipment needed for them . 
  not talking about those guys , we have them in the uk in manchester . 
  those types of parades only reinforce negative stereotypes and is pointless . 
  in countries that have equal lgbt rights they still have parades ... it 's pointless and just reinforces the idea they are different , unique an special which is exactly what they claim they do n't want . 
  they need to shut up , get dressed and behave like everybody else , what your sexual preferences are and what you do in bed is between you and your partner of the time , i do n't need to see or hear . 
  watching some guys in leatherpants with their ass exposed is going to make me hate them even more . 
  you want to be seen as normal , then dress normal and do n't make your whole image about being gay . 
  i hate watching alan carr ( comedian ) because his whole routine is being gay , yet people like sir ian mekellan , patrick stuart and steven fry behave like normal people and until a few years ago i had no idea they where gay . 
  they did n't make it their image . 
  if you shove a difference in a persons face they will start to get pissed off . 
  i see no point in gay pride parades , you want to be treated equal or the same yet demand they get special treatment and dress and behave in ways that reinforce the negative stereotypes . 
  mardigra is the exception because it 's a massive festival that people go to witness , . 
  that set up would be an absolute nightmare . 
  i remember being told a guy bought his wife a new jaguar and parked it near her place of work in an empty car park . 
  a tank ended up reversing over it and the insurance refused to cover it . 
  forbidden , accurate . 
  you never learned to drive ? 
  all driving school cars have a set of pedal 's either side so the instructor can brake for the learner to avoid an accident . 
  oddly enough i have seen some bizarre cases of cars being upside down or something and left to wonder why the instructor did n't do anything . 
  in the uk normally people give way to anything bigger than a you that is n't a car or transit van like a bus , lorry or tank . 
  you know , the stuff that can destroy your car if you are not careful . 
  the only exception is if they let you through . 
  no rule or anything for it , just something we tend to do . 
  what a load of rubbish , [ here is the planet before the ice appeared ] ( http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--3bekgkgr--/c_fit,fl_progressive,q_80,w_636/18pefyttaq6i1jpg.jpg ) now consider how much land mass we have lost in the mean time due to the sea despite the creation of ice ... which by the way the poles lose ice and regain it every year . 
  it 's a load of rubbish ... oh and look at the map , no north or south pole ... funny that . 
  i think the uk has enough of that , we are most self deprecating nation on earth . 
  we ca n't teach anybody about any potential good of the empire like the industrial revolution because it could glorify our past . 
  basically teach about the slave trade drum into everybody how horrible we are then move on . 
  i always like these sorts of things . 
  if any eu nation gets attacked nato will step in which will drag in the eu , australia and canada will get involved and a few other members of the british commonwealth will get involved . 
  you mess with europe and you get 1/3 of the world on your ass ... it 's why russia refuses to admit they are involved . 
  it 's easier for a small nation to grow than a large nation to grow , but at the same time , 0.2 % gdp growth is about double of 7 % of small nations growth . 
  for example netherlands growing 7 % is still nothing compared to 0.2 % growth of the united states . 
  the larger number just looks impressive . 
  so that 's not a reliable measure either . 
  europe is n't going to decline any time soon , it 's already the largest economy , most techonology , largest military and a major soft power . 
  im pretty sure europe has proven it can punch above it 's populations weight . 
  it 's the most technologically advance continent on earth , home to some of the worlds strongest nations as well . 
  we could go to war with africa and win , numbers mean nothing ... . . they do help though . 
  plus what good is numbers when you ca n't feed them ? 
  junker already thinks bankers in london are ready to crush the euro . 
  you mean sink all the ships and kill them ? 
  how are poor people who left everything behind going to be able to pass a system like australia 's ? 
  they either make it or die , there is no inbetween . 
  even the australia system does n't work simply because they have the same issue . 
  russia has said they feel themselves as european . 
  the problem i would n't say is with the system but the people who use it . 
  we have no problems with anybody who comes here to work , paying taxes and all the rest and then asking for benefits when they need it . 
  it 's the ones that come here with no job , who ask for benefits and then send it home to their families . 
  you can argue we are treating everybody different to citizens but lets be honest , nobody should go to another country just to get benefits , you should go with job prospects ( either got one or attending an interview ) . 
  as we say , the minority ruin it for everybody else , this has only been a problem over the last decade or so , considering our nation works massively on social benefits for all it 's easily abused and a lot of tax payer money is payed to those who do n't deserve it . 
  can you really blame us ? 
  i completely understand the notion of not treating anybody differently i really do , but what can we do ? 
  not a clue , this was early last year i think . 
  not in all countries , spain decided to stop accepting our national insurance cards and making us pay for our healthcare if we need it . 
  thanks spain , you are more likely to be paid by the nhs than some random drunk on holiday who just missed his flight . 
  also is the bad rep really worth it ? 
  i remember reading that germany want 's immigrants to wait longer before getting benefits , he 's not lying . 
  this was like 2 years ago , most records are probably buried on google page 20 or something , anything after 10 pages is gone into the bowls of the internet . 
  britain is a bargaining chip between france and germany , the two of them look to britain to counter the other . 
  sadly germany being the strongest of the 2 in the union can overrule france easily to get britain 's proposal 's through , france we can largely ignore for what we want . 
  trying to use france to go against germany is the wrong thing to do , we need germany as friends not enemies . 
  you learn something new everyday . 
  it was n't the defacto military during those wars , the only commonwealth that existed was between britain , canada and australia . 
  the british empire which took control of canada 's and australia 's military forces as it saw fit was the defacto military power . 
  the commonwealth he have today did n't exist back then . 
  and no problem , we all sound rude when we do n't intend to . 
  sorry my bad .
