  it does n't interfere with ukraine because the military forces of the eu are still separated and nobody wants to fight for ukraine and potentially end up at war with russia . 
  eu does n't have a combined response to russia even with sanctions the eu ( namely germany ) is n't totally unified . 
  if you combined the current military force of the eu ( not all of europe ) it would match the usa in numbers but the east would need to modernize to match france and britain before the eu military would be a force to be reckoned with . 
  the us would change the scenario because russia would feel emboldened with a reluctant eu being on it 's own without the usa trying to block russia 's aggression . 
  russia would have to do something really rash for the eu to say `` you know what ? 
  fuck you putin , it stops here '' and builds up a force on the eastern border to deter russia . 
   facing a threat increasing their budgets ? 
  because they are threatened and realize they may need to fight and public demand they are defended ? 
  the west or south of europe does n't feel threatened like eastern europe so they wo n't build up . 
  get rid of us security and they will start to feel the same and look for safety with their neighbours . 
  they can report the facts ... where did you get this idea that they ca n't repeat it ? 
  they can describe a murder and what happened but god forbid they repost a facebook comment ? 
  tories are very backwards and love power and control so they doing everything they can to get more . 
  they are getting close to dictator levels of surveillance and telling us what we can or can not do . 
  however there is a difference between being told what you can or ca n't do and actually being obedient . 
  most of us just continue as normal and complain and say the same stuff we also did and do what we always do . 
  ca n't arrest all of society . 
  if you are white you will get in trouble , if anybody tries it on a `` minority '' they are racist so police do n't bother them . 
  for example muslims saying they 'll bomb the uk or death to the uk during remembrance day = fine . 
  you say something `` offensive '' and you are arrested . 
  the eu is already far too strong for russia , russia is flexing muscle because the eu is reluctant to do anything . 
  hell the more european nations it can conquer before anybody bothers to stop them the better because they become stronger and europe ends up weaker . 
  if europe shown it was serious and actually did a military build up and went to help ukraine the `` rebels '' would suddenly start losing because russia wo n't risk fighting eu forces . 
  but for now it 's just ukraine vs `` rebels '' so they can get away with it . 
  if they did n't want to play anymore europe will develop it 's own forces and that is something everybody needs . 
  i do agree with a large amount of what you said , including how long things take to build . 
  but i just want to say this . 
  we are building in a time of peace , we are in no hurry , the uk left it 's over sea 's territory vulnerable because in reality they was n't in danger . 
  once a military economy starts during a war things will be made faster because every industry that is n't food would help build weapons , ammo , planes , tanks just like in ww2 ( a toy factory made british guns use less parts making them more efficient in the field and to make for example ) . 
  also humans have a habit of being efficient in war so things may end up streamlined and easier to build things in a faster way ... it takes 6 months to build a nuke ... ww2 it took years . 
  also you seem to forget mobilizing an army is not just machines , at the core are humans and they can be trained and mobilized quickly . 
   the 1991 gulf war is another great example . 
  coalition forces destroyed saddam 's air defenses and defense network on the first night , resulting in complete degradation of his ability to resist the air onslaught . 
  his ground forces were slowly pummeled to the point that over 300,000 simply surrendered or deserted the second they encountered contact with the ground offensive , creating on of the most lopsided wars in human history . 
  every western nation vs 1 country will of course be a one sided slaughter  . , 
   a russia that is seeking to reassert itself in eastern europe and europe in general , people do n't realize just how much of a titan europe is , the world wars has made the desire to fight dormant but if russia becomes a true problem europe will wake up and steam roll the russians . 
  britain and france and what ever nation is being attacked will be the first and last line of defense , they will be the first to engage in that war buying precious time for it 's allies to mobilize a retaliation force . 
  if america cut back on europe , then europe will start pooling it 's resources to create a eu military or start increasing their own budgets . 
  america is literally the problem , it thinks nobody is doing enough so it continues to protect europe but that 's the exact reason nobody is doing enough . 
  even denmark a while back was like `` why is it always the british and americans who have to die for us ? '', 
  and they pulled their weight ( what little they had ) in libya helping supply jets with missiles, 
  our stuff is normally hidden inside the stuff you use , like in your car if you own a nissan or honda . 
  i was probably thinking smart phones then , i was n't completely sure . 
  british arm chips power every hand held device on earth ... well the chips are designed here anyway . 
  we found out what was under the kilts . 
  those odds , we like , if our numbers where higher it would not even be worth our time . 
  that naval arms race did n't win you any favours tbh, 
  yea ... that 's why we paid scotlands debt and asked them to join the union , to stop france . 
  i think it worked out pretty well for everybody involved , except france , fuck france !, 
  it 's encased in cement for a reason . 
  why do you think chernobyl is encased in cement ? 
  to stop the radiation leaking . 
  it can leak into the soil, 
  it depends on the situation , britain had to forget about what japan did before we could move on ( we banned japanese imports until the population forgot ), 
  germany got in the way . 
  ask older people what they think about germany . 
  no shit they where alive in ww2 ... their opinions are now very misguided and refuse to forgive , not a great way to build a relationship , sometimes it 's good to forget . 
  we invaded instead during ww2 , cost us next to nothing denmark did n't gain anything and you guys got a huge airport . 
  they did invade british territory ... 
  the usa did offer an aircraft carrier and a crew ( since we could n't work it ) but only if we actually needed it , you also supplied missiles for us to use . 
  france trained our pilots because argentina had the same aircraft as the french , australia and new zealand filled in the spots of british ships in the pacific so our ships could join up with the fleet and norway provided intelligence . 
  it 's was a largely global effort even chile helped out by allowed the sas escape into their country after their helicopter crashed in argentina . 
  it was a 100 % british operation , we did n't ask for anybody else to get involved , but we asked for certain things to help us complete the task and our allies happy obliged ... including france refusing to send missiles to argentina and blocked peru buying the missiles knowing they would have been passed on . 
  the usa side of it was mostly secret but that shows you how close the uk are to it 's allies , they ask and they are more than happy to help how they can . 
  the special relationship is between the people , not the government despite what they say . 
  read some of the other replies to this . 
  i do not mind the alliance , i embrace it , i love the anglo nations but i hate the american government , talks about friendship and then throws it 's ally under the bus for it 's own gains . 
  i separate the 2 even if i say america i mean the government , it 's just easier . 
  obama is anti-british for starters and like i said the usa gets take 's far more than it gives . 
  the alliance is n't equal , you can argue canada is n't quite as powerful so should n't be considered equal , but britain is more than an equal to the us . 
  if you made britain the size of the usa and increased it 's economy , military strength and everything else to match the increase in size ( for example 100x ) then britain would eclipse the usa . 
  but because we are small and no longer an empire we are not treated equally or with the respect we deserve from our ally . 
  that was a french and british led operation , they tried to get nato to take command to get some form of structure and plan , not our fault the leader of nato is american at the time . 
  europe pulled it 's weight , obama declared an illegal war and pulled out 30 days later . 
  ( legal length of time for a president to declare a war without the senate voting ) . 
  the prime minister wanted to take action on syria which is why there was a parliamentary debate , our mp 's argued that we have no appetite for war because of iraq . 
  because parliament said no , washington suddenly went quiet and back tracked very quickly . 
  it 's almost like you guys are scared to not have us by your side in a war ... france offered to go in after the vote and washington declined . 
  the great united states needing little britain to help him out , funny . 
  im voting to stay in actually . 
  im surprised you do n't really care that your country treats us so badly , selling our secrets to further your own goals , telling other nations that we was the country that did the black op not the us . 
  or failing to tell the uk about a terrorist threat because 1 of your guys would be in danger ... as well as telling us to talk to argentina about the falklands . 
  it 's been this way since ww2 where you used the war as a bargaining chip to weaken britain and it 's empire . 
  only now with the internet and leaks we can see the whole picture which is why many brits are becoming anti-american ... we are not the only nation , a lot of your allies are getting sick of your crap . 
  you asked us to bomb syria , we said no because of iraq . 
  how we feel about you guys is largely your own fault . 
  i know , i do n't normally post like that , because i hate it when people do . 
  just letting off some steam, 
  the us gets far more out of this relationship than we do , they throw us under the bus any chance they get for crying out loud . 
  stop selling our nuclear secrets to russia and then we can talk . 
  you clearly missed the point of that part of the comment . 
  why should the uk do something against it 's own interests because america wants it ? 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  once again `` us interests '' how about you guys stop telling us to do what you guys want ? 
  if it is in our interest to leave , we will leave and you guys sort out what you need to sort out , the people of britain should n't suffer because it 'll please america . 
  america needs to keep it 's nose out of our business it keeps making a fool of itself and says the same thing every time `` we want a strong uk . . we can pressure others with a strong uk '' we get it you want us around ... . but not because you like us '', 
  if america pulls out europe will look after itself , but because america refuses to leave we all complain and do n't do anything to help them because what 's the point ? 
  that part came after and that power and wealth as a nation kept us safe and we was the most stable nation in history , still are to some degree . 
  so ... yea . 
  it stopped war in europe over the last 50 + years .
