  i ca n't believe you are denying this undisputed proof . 
  the industrial revolution was a different phenomenon . 
  there is no exchange necessary here : ruthless imperialism for industrial development . 
  erm ... how do you think nations like britain got resources to have an industrial revolution ? 
  we got rubber from malaysia for example because we could n't get in the uk ... malaysia was a colony . 
   you do n't let a murderer off because he also happened to be a great inventor . 
  instead we have an olympic athlete in south africa not in jail and we are told to remember what good he did and not what bad he did ... so ... work that one out . 
  really ? 
  i meant more along the lines of scotland conquering england not being the damn prime minister . 
  my word . 
  i did n't say do n't use them , im just saying they can kill . 
  that 's it . 
  yea and collapsed . 
  the empire was controlled by many people and people are different , india was governed by a company who exploited the population in the name of the king/queen ... after several rebellions the government took direct control of india ... . but britain is stuck with the whole `` you killed millions of indians '' thing ... because of corporate assholes ... . however before the east indian company existed the british admired indian culture and adopted it . 
  so we see 2 different sides to the british story in india one of acceptance and adoption , the other of murder and greed . 
  so you ca n't say for 100 % fact that every brit in the empire caused nothing but pain and suffering while robbing the local population of resources . 
  also a mindless murder is worse than the death penalty that is a punishment given by a court and seen as justice in those days . 
  imperialism did more than kill people , it saved more in the process , think about it , a dozen million people killed , the industrial revolution , medical and technological advances have saved far more people than the british ever killed . 
  im not saying the killing was right i do n't condone it but in the end we have saved far more lives and for that we should be proud, 
  france wanted to get involved but refused until britain did , we did n't pick a side , it was your fight . 
  if britain joined the confederates your country would not be the way it is now , so be grateful they kept their noses out . 
  erm look it up , britain has the largest empire in the world and does n't include it 's informal empire or control of the sea 's . 
  the land mass is like 200,000 km than the mongol one . 
  they watched animals rape virgins in the colosseum for fun so ... 
  a quote from a british man an african colony ( was on a bbc documentary called empire and if got the guys name and location ) `` you may hang that man as it is in your culture , but it is in our culture to hang a murderer . '', 
  needless to say the first guy never got killed so the other guy did n't get hung because the british man threatened him using british power . 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  is that satire ? 
  can i just add this ... . india was created by britain instead of being separated . 
  they can thank the british for creating their nation . 
  you realize china is an empire right ? 
  has been around the same time as the romans , they cut themselves off for 2000 years leaving the europeans to grow and conquer the world . 
  tibet loves china btw and so does taiwan . 
  i always say each country in the uk and ireland wanted to conquer the other , just the english where bigger and stronger and the others are sore losers . 
  doubt the scottish would cry for independence if they where running the show . 
   great britain just the name of the island ( biggest island out of all the british islands ) and in turn used as the name of the country . 
  only sometimes the name is used in a patriotic manner but was n't born from that . 
   we 've already did the british empire lucky you i did history and got no mentioning of empire ... the slave trade yes but no `` we had an empire '' and im 26, 
  he 's a bit of a dick but history coats him in a good light , he wanted ww3 a couple of months after ww2 and was a war monger . 
  you are still a young country , you did well . 
  rubber bullets can hit innocent people , so can water cannons ... inanimate objects indiscriminate . 
  so legal institutions like courts have no power ? 
  alright what ever you say . 
  also why reply if you are not going to be serious ? 
  if im wrong , move it rather than `` take the piss '', 
  i believe it was in the un that said it 's illegal for any scientist to say it 's not man made climate change . 
  it 's still something that 's up for debate and no real proof but instead of trying to get hard facts we shut up those we do n't agree with ... work that one out . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/comment/11924776/qc-calls-for-ruling-to-scotch-claims-that-challenge-consensus-on-global-warming.html i am not saying humans have n't contributed but we are not the only cause , we are not that powerful of a species in just 300-400 years we can destroy our planet ... . which btw they just mean our civilisation and that does n't even mean the end of the human race ... destroying our planet is just more dramatic and causes more panic . 
  some parts of the earth will benefit from climate change , some wo n't , some think it 's 100 % man made others get told to stfu if they try and say otherwise . 
  this planet had volcano 's pumping out far more co2 than humans ever could right now . 
  our entire planet was 1 big continent with nothing but forest n desert and volcano 's causing massive destruction on a near daily basis . 
  the continent split and created what we see today , to say the planet will be destroyed is ludicrous , to say humans will die is ludicrous ... considering a good amount of people live in the desert but lets ignore that inconsistency . 
  oh and on the ice age thing , we did come out of an ice age , then it slid back into a mini ice age which created the uk so we had 2 in a short period of time , it went against the normal pattern . 
  then again i remember reading it 's far more likely we would have another ice age rather than the planet warming . 
  either way we are blowing this completely out of proportion . 
  both can still kill ... 
  the ice did n't exist , when people say arctic or whatever they normally mean the ice . 
  i have n't read many studies that specify that there is solid ground below the ice . 
   the race to claim stakes in the melting arctic is heating up . 
  is a common line you see , we know the solid ground does n't melt ... so yea ... 
  so ... . you are saying im wrong ? 
  everything i said is fact . 
  so what is it you are trying to say is wrong ? 
  source for what ? 
  the uk was created after the last ice age , you can look that up ... which also shows the planet is warming ever since . 
  99 % extinction rate is also well known so you ca n't argue that . 
  same with the north and south poles , they melt every year and did n't exist at a few times in history and i hope that is well known . 
  so ... what do i need to prove when it 's pretty much common knowledge ? 
  they can kill you yes , not as likely as real bullets but yea they can kill . 
  ice age was 10,000 years ago , no shit the planet is warming up ... it 's in a cycle . 
  nothing to worry about ... oh and the ice caps have vanished like 4 times in earths history and they melt every year too along with 99 % of extinction being down to earths cycles but lets save the panda !, 
  but i 'll get downvoted for stating facts because humans are big bad guys destroying the planet . 
  wales was n't even a state before it was conquered , it was pretty much made a country in the 70 's . 
  history is written by the victors ... . which is why there are so many empty pages in french history books , 
  britain is called a `` country of countries '' so they where all nations who joined together under a single flag ... it used to just be england , scotland and ireland but wales was added to the list like 40 years ago . 
  it 's a political union , scotland largely controlled it 's own affairs outside of economy and defense and that was the deal upon it 's entry to the union . 
  wales was annexed but was given a parliament and ireland ... because ireland ... then n.ireland . 
  n.ireland is sorted , ireland does n't want the north back and the people in the north wanted to stay with the uk . 
  crimea is vastly different . 
  actually for good reason , the men are stupidly dangerous , not just because of terrorism because they will most likely attack/rape/kill women because they come from a society that has women as slaves . 
  women are less likely to be aggressive, 
  ira is n't that horrifying , a few bombs here and there , we get that now . 
  most of the post was a joke based on who beat who in history ... only the last bit was serious . 
  oh well 2 downvotes just because . 
   arabic the egyptians asked him for money . 
  same in tunisia, 
  the catholic church is the worst in ireland . 
  those wash houses ... those poor women . 
  to the german 's , churchill , to the french , wellington to ourselves i would say cromwell or guy fawkes, 
  still the most stable european nation and democracy in the world :p, 
  united states , 13 colonies , now 50 states 1 military . 
  stop telling me it 's impossible when we have proof across the atlantic , same with the provinces of australia and canada under 1 rule 1 military and britain . 
  most nation states used to be small militarys and nations merged into 1 large state , india is the same . 
  so do n't tell me a european military is impossible . 
  tough ? 
  of course you have to set aside 2,000 years of history but britain put aside a 1,000 year old rivalry with france to become close allies something nobody thought would happen , they both suggested uniting a few times as well . 
  europe was united under rome 2000 years ago , it can be united again . 
  when have humans ever gone the easy route ? 
   fantasy is not an impossibility , just incredible unlikely , that 's why i compared it to santa clause . 
  you said it 's equally likely to exist as a guy who has an invisible workshop in the north pole with flying reindeer ... you are not helping your argument here .
