  animal 's fighting is barbaric you will agree but pitting them against humans is perfectly fine ... . which in case you missed the science lesson we are animals as well . 
  so cut the hypocrite crap because you are one yourself . 
  you give animals very little credit , we are more a like than you think . 
  we did things because it worked out better for us in the long run , animals have done the exact same thing but animals are not `` rational '' . 
  pfft . 
  we have laws to stop animal abuse on farms and other places that deal with animals and meat that will lead to human consumption and contrary to what you say most animal 's in the west live great lives because that means better meat . 
  we have laws enforcing that stuff , then we go and see a bull being tortured before being eaten and it pisses us off , even more annoying when the spanish complain somebody got hurt because of it . 
  humans need meat in a balanced diet , it 's not `` i want to '' it 's also essential for healthy living . 
  erm not going to argue but some animals domesticated themselves because it 's easier to get food by hanging around humans than hunt for themselves . 
  they chose that life , we accepted them as companions and that is that . 
  i am aware there are many animals out there being used as pets that just should n't be . 
  actually the young spanish want it abolished , it 's the older generation keeping it alive . 
  good , it 's ok to torture bulls for fun and games but then complain the moment somebody get 's hurt . 
  mess with the bull and get the fucking horns . 
  experience of what ? 
  if those guys want to poke the bear go ahead , at least this rubbish will stop and if russia happens to annex some places in the middle east it might cut the crap we have been dealing with for a while . 
  yea our military and police around the world are normally seen in a positive light . 
  you do n't wan na be on the other side of either and the army has a reputation of being efficient and unbeatable but hard to hate an army that has a history of being seen as gentlemanly . 
  dude , we had the largest military build up since ww2 in london for the olympics . 
  the military is back up for us if our police can not handle it or something . 
  in the uk you need to give a fucking good reason why you need one , so farmers , people in shooting teams , hunters . 
  less than 1 % of the country has a gun ( i think ), 
  it 's not as big as you think , they lied to us . 
  you know what is scary ? 
  my mum and dad was there 2 weeks ago . 
  i thought it meant attendance or something and straight thought `` wtf ? '', 
  so yea , pretty obsolete , other nations learn a lot of obsolete english words it seems . 
  so ... denmark ... dafuk you doing ? 
  just a tad , at least we are not ripping each others balls off and eating them in front of the other person while they are alive . 
  so more destructive , yes ... but not as brutal xd reminds of the mass effect quote `` tell me or i 'll rip your balls off and feed them to a krogan '' . 
  that 's just evil , how could you monster !!, 
  considering the history of agriculture and what we have today , i am not concerned about a food shortage politically caused or otherwise . 
  europe was devastated in 2 world wars , recessions hit , rationing carried on in the uk into the late 50 's . 
  the world of food shortages are not new to us , we can cope . 
  the more you have of something the more the price drops ( like oil did ) meaning we could buy it cheaper , pass that onto the public so everything would be fine . 
  canada gets payed , uk get 's fed . 
  we are your biggest exporter , without us your kinda boned . 
  you lost what ? 
  3 million people ? 
  if we have a famine in the uk would you be happy knowing 10 million people died ? 
  we did it unintentionally , you are planning to do it on purpose ... nice of you , 
  the irish emigrated because they could n't get spuds , you never know what will cause people to leave  . 
  well thanks to surplus their prices will go down which would help us afford it . 
  considering the western world has enough food to feed every person on the planet but we choose to waste it , i do n't think food would be a problem . 
  trust me on that . 
  i remember reading that , very surprising to me , i said the same thing to others about what the article says and i get looked at like im some kind of idiot and the topic quickly gets changed or i get a `` no it 's not '' and then they continue with the conversation . 
  very frustrating . 
  it 's like the overpopulation of earth crap , you could fit the human race in the state of california so we are not overpopulated . 
  its stats like this that show the true colour of our problems , we get called racists , intolerant , anti-eu `` show these stats '' ... . . oh ... erm ... . yea they are nice we should do something about that ... 
  erm average , 8 million people is not the average when lumbed in with 57million other people . 
  just where i live it 's between 500-700 and it 's a small town next to liverpool that you probably never heard of . 
  it 's not an option because peace is a utopian view and is impossible to achieve as long as any form of life exists , from humans to a flu virus . 
  i think we need to change how lorry doors work , surely there should be a giant cage between the door and cargo so even if the door is opened you got a cage blocking the entrance ? 
  time to innovate guys . 
  which is why we like her . 
  considering about 10 % of you went to war with him for your independence i would agree . 
  that whole war was a farce , the minority forced unwanted change on the majority , you guys never really changed did you ? 
  most places do n't allow them either , including my shop . 
  i go to my aunts every few months for a night of drinking and they smoke , i always end up with a sore throat , stinging eyes and i can barely stand it . 
  to think i could put up with that years ago : /, 
  not anymore its not . 
  add me to that percentage :(, 
  c ) depends on the person . 
  if you misbehave enough to be spanked a lot then you ca n't blame spanking for the problems because they existed before hand anyway . 
  if you get spanked a lot of minor things then yes you will have problems when you are older i accept that and never said otherwise . 
  getting spanked once will not cause behavioral problems , when will you people understand this ? 
  i used to side with some arguments of farage ... then i started reading the news and realised europe is good for the uk but i do n't deny some changes need to be made . 
  the uk is european we will be apart of europe again regardless if people like it or not . 
  as i see it the different nations in the uk wanted to conquer each other so the uk was going to happen regardless . 
  the uk has tried to conquer the continent ( we gave up eventually , hello brittany ) and the continent has tried to conquer the uk and in one point in history we have been part of a european empire under the romans ... yea we did n't like them much . 
  but i see as history repeating itself only this time it 'll work . 
  no because that 's just strange , only days with names are those to celebrate saints . 
  st.patrick st. steven st. david and if you english you may have forgotten st.george . 
  but nobody gets phone calls congratulating them that their parents gave them a name for the specific purpose of celebrating the name , that 's just bizarre . 
  is that so ? 
  it 's been proven children who grow up without a father figure are more likely to be involved in anti-social behavior , so like i said different environments = different behavior which may require different punishment which by the way i still say any physical punishment should be the last option . 
  your comparing me to tyrants , people who slaughter millions , no shit im getting defensive . 
  i see a clear difference between violence and discipline , violence suggests you do n't hold back and intend to deal as much damage as possible . 
  discipline is to do just enough to deter from repeated bad behavior , which means you hold back and your aim is not to hurt but to deter . 
  like i said you spank a child once in it 's life it 'll not do something it should n't if you use the threat of a spanking because like any other animal , you do n't do something again if it is going to hurt you . 
  i seriously ca n't understand people who think a 1 smack on the back of the hand or a spanking = abuse and makes you worse than fucking hitler . 
  people learn from pain , if it hurts you do n't do it again . 
  simple as that , some kids do n't need a clip round the ear and some do , some just can not behave and end up in jail at some point . 
  everybody is different , everybody grows up in a different environment and trust me i see so many uncontrollable kids in work its unbelievable . 
  spanking has it 's place , it should be the last option not the first though , to deny that is denying 10,000 years of human evolution . 
  if you spank them and do n't tell them why what they did is wrong then you have a point , but you can punish and explain why they got punished . 
  and 1 spanking in 18 years = tyrant , go fuck yourself seriously im getting sick to death of being called hitler . 
  it 's like reading the goddam daily mail in this comments section on this topic . 
  did n't you know the problem in ukraine is a immigrant based one ? 
  who 's mad ? 
  i just ca n't work out how the british should be held responsible for the immigrants . 
  if anything it 's the french who are mad . 
  isis, 
  you signed the no border agreement , that 's what happens when you do n't think a head . 
  did n't learn your lesson from ww1 or ww2 , you lost 3 wars because of belgium for crying out loud . 
  we are but apparently it is not enough . 
  the french can not be bothered using the police to get rid of the camps and move them to an immigration center or something and then blame the numbers on the uk . 
  seriously how is it our problem when they are in france and we do n't want them or never asked them to come ? 
  ca n't work that one out myself . 
  true but i ca n't argue that history has worked well in london , keeping the skyline small making the city a lot more attractive .
