  the tories in the uk want that kind of law and it 'll make things worse and basically allowing the basis of cheap labour . 
  so yea fuck that . 
  surely the last thing you want to do is throw a few charges towards a terrorist ... 
  well i am always curious who ticks the `` i am a terrorist '' box on the travel documents . 
  seriously that was a thing when you was flying . 
  i know that feeling , going weatherspoons i got 3 pints for less than # 10 , went to another bar round the corner and it came to like # 12 for the same drinks . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  north west has pints for around # 3.70 ( carling ) but in weatherspoons you can get pints for # 2.50 . 
  ( carlsberg ) not just regional differences but the type of bar and beer they sell . 
  i got a pack of 20 strongbow for like # 7 - # 10 in asda ... only the pubs are expensive , super markets and bargin booze is cheap . 
  we are ... lower than expected . 
  you irish just can not let go of the north can you ? 
  thought you was over this by now !, 
  with that in mind , how do we know there are any whites at all ? 
  guess it makes sense for the uk to have the most , home of industry and the digital age and all that good stuff . 
  is it cameron ? 
  osborne maybe ? 
  they are not eu youths , they are from outside the eu ... . that im aware of anyway edit : after some research ... yea it 's eu youth ... pretty crap article ... 
  of course it helps , did last year , as far as im concerned the pound needs to drop below the euro before the uk even considers the euro though . 
  pretty sure the nigerian prince forgot about me , i did get an email from the united nations though . 
  guess they are tight on money . 
  besides the `` lets make it so nobody can wage a war or at least keep one going by intertwining our economies and resources . 
  its the over 50 's who are looking for revenge on the government that 'll vote yes to leave because they did n't get a choice in the 70 's . 
  they do n't seem to give a crap about the future and how it 'll effect the rest of us , i mean why would it , they will be dead they do n't have to live with the consequences . 
  we did n't want to join the euro because we saw all this crap was going to happen . 
  plus why should we abandon a stronger currency ? 
  the whole union thing is a lose-lose situation at the moment . 
  also we will join the euro when we are ready until then get used to the idea and stop trying to force us into joining it 's that kind of attitude that wants us to leave . 
  they will get sent home , being immigrants . 
  considering people come over here and share a house with like 20 other people ( which is illegal ) and almost all of them are illegal immigrants the landlords would probably be well aware of them but refuse to do anything because they get payed regardless . 
  so i have no problem with this , neither do a lot of people in this country . 
  most of the eu is a nato member also , so the whole `` nato is different '' is kind of lost on me . 
  france and the uk are starting to do that right now ... 
  the make bids like everybody else , if bae make a tank that suits the needs of the eu over a german company then all companies make the bae tank . 
  if airbus make a plane while a polish company makes one that does n't quite suit the eu then everybody makes the airbus one . 
  is that what france and germany are doing right now ? 
  combining their planes and now tank building so they will use the same ones , britain even got involved for the eurofighter so we already see this melding of companies working together to build something so why ca n't it continue ? 
  hell bae tried to merge with a joint german & franco company but the 2 governments refused to give up their share in the company so bae could n't merge with them . 
  not sure why the uk opposes this , i think it 's a great idea and being the military power in europe we would be at the top of the chain with france in 2nd of command . 
  we always want to one up the french , we won the olympics not because we wanted it but because the french was trying to win it lol, 
  which is why we have been sending money across the channel and have our border over there for the last few years , you make it sound like we are not anything . 
  if anything this thread shows we are . 
  everybody hates the guy that says i told you so . 
  also france is literally saying `` they are your problem britain deal with them , we wo n't '' until we say their police force can go and we take over everything in the area or we let them in they wo n't be happy . 
  991 it was given to them , 1066 was the invasion , so 70 years . 
  his dad was a viking as well as the other settlers, 
  well we ended up in 2 wars for a decade each , that drains the treasury quickly . 
  britain stayed out schengen area because of this kind of rubbish , we had the hindsight to stay out of it and then we are told to pick up the pieces and take responsibility ? 
  sorry but we did n't keep our borders up just to take in more immigrants , that 's quite the opposite of what we are trying to do . 
  if the eu wants to fix this , then allow nation states to remove these groups , force them into immigration facilities and deal with them there . 
  because crap like this gets supposed allies going for each others throats . 
  also these camps should be paid for by the eu not any 1 member state , also they should n't split it up so there should be a mega facility they can be transferred to . 
  yea our guys can be quite loud , they apparently have reputations with each other for who can throw the biggest parties and such . 
  it 's kind of our thing , keeps moral high . 
  they are outside banks . 
  vikings was given normandy by the french , so they where vikings not french . 
  first the sabre engine and now this ? 
  turns out we are pretty awesome when it comes to building engines for rockets !, 
  i like the union flag , it 's not even our official flag . 
  just because . 
  normally they say it was updated at the top but it does n't since the update of the site : / also why do i have every comment in this sub thread voted down for saying facts ? 
  seems a tad odd . 
  the thing is we are kind of ... just here ... we did n't ask them to come , sure france did n't either but it 's your job to protect your borders . 
  we did on our side but then ended up having our border stretched across the channel to help you guys . 
  we are more than happy to complain at libya letting people leave but when it comes to france it 's ok for them to be lack luster at the channel tunnel ? 
  alright . 
  as a brit i can sympathise . 
  b. ... b. ... but how can we conquer france with military police ? 
  does n't show the original for me : /, 
  `` we can not manage '' check the other discussions link at the top there are 5 other ones . 
  edit : migrant flow at calais ` too much ', 
  i assume you would have a very valid reason that is in the nations interest to use the army ? 
  its not clickbait , the article was changed , jesus christ . 
  op 2 hours ago , article 15min ago ... clearly something is off there !, 
  erm , but even then with the quote gone you would still have complained because like you said `` ukip '' and `` i see no quote its click bait '' so i ca n't win . 
  all that was needed to know is now the army is being considered . 
  erm , our border was moved so we could deal with the problems because the mayor of calais ca n't be bothered dealing with the problem , we pay for fencing and now its gotten so bad we are considering using the army . 
  are the french considering their army ? 
  are they considering beefing up security ? 
  you seem to have handed over the problem to us . 
  problems getting worse , lives becoming at risk , losing money daily for the economy because of the trains stopping and lorries can not get in and out france without hassle . 
  so they can consider using it because its something that was suggested by another party . 
  basically it said the quote i posted but instead it was `` fta wants the army to help '' ( paraphrasing ) and then lower it mentions farage and the fta backing his calls . 
  oh and the government is calling for a cobra meeting to decide what to do . 
  once again there will be no lethal force used against unarmed immigrants . 
  also they will be in an allied country with the world watching them , they will be on their best behavior , they are not in hostile territory fighting for their lives . 
  the british border is now in calais so we can deal with the immigrant problem because france did n't want to . 
  normans are not french dammit !, 
   freight transport association , backed his calls , saying : `` they 're trained and they would know what to do . 
  this part was at the top before mentioning farage , the article was edited , even heading changed from `` we can not manage '' to mentioning a number of immigrants , so i was correct when i posted this , not my fault it changed . 
   freight transport association , backed his calls , saying : `` they 're trained and they would know what to do . 
  that part was at the top , the article was edited . 
  the british army are well trained to deal with civilians and will never shoot unless they have absolutely no choice in the matter . 
  for a good example look at the soldiers who was drafted into the olympics security teams . 
  while many countries see the military getting involved in civilian affairs a bad thing our military is largely seen as helpful and is welcome to lend a hand . 
  keep in mind it 's civilians calling for this not the government , they are debating it because its being asked for . 
  britain would have continued to fight and just use the navy to be a royal pain in the ass for french shipping . 
  we shall take calais once more !, 
  just googled it , the only site i believe is the independent . 
  i guess it is rubbish because nobody of any credibility has picked up on it .
