  to be fair , he says there are no russian troops , just volunteers . 
  seems legit . 
  people steal to stay alive , ca n't blame em but we have food banks and other services to help the homeless , no need to steal for things to sell to cash converters . 
  you ca n't really say britain is n't a soft touch because it is so hard to get over here , it 's only hard because of the channel , it 's stupidly easy to cross borders on the continent , you get to cross the sea and avoid massive ships and then find somewhere to land . 
  all we do is block the main entrance , the channel tunnel . 
  to me the uk is a soft touch in the sense that if you are an immigrant you can get social benefits and a house in no time while nationals struggle to get a house or a job for that matter . 
  i see foreigners driving bmw 's and mercedes a 3 bedroom house and running a corner shop . 
  a family working a corner shop clearly can not afford all of that . 
  you think we are bad ? 
  italy is only just starting to accept english is needed to succeed and are rolling it out in their universities . 
  also the vocabulary thing is because they study the language closer than us to try and be more fluent and understand it . 
  we speak it naturally so do n't bother learning the same thing . 
  problem with most languages , you can say the words but the accent is important . 
  do n't use/learn the accent and you might as well not bother trying to speak the language . 
  its still the 3rd most spoken behind mandarin and spanish , so while not the most dominant , easily the most wide spread . . just saying . 
  easy to learn , hard to master . 
  it 's illegal in the uk as well but when we have things like the crap in the op then it does n't make sense . 
  why is it illegal to hire somebody based on skin colour or gender yet at the same time why are you not hiring somebody who is n't white or male ? 
  you can not claim you was discriminated against without facts , i am 100 % sure i was discriminated against because i mention i had a medical problem so had to go to the doctors every week , never got the job . 
  the kicker ? 
  it was for an apprenticeship . 
  but i ca n't prove it because they had interviews with others so they can do the `` he was n't what we was looking for '' rubbish . 
  i hate nonsense like this , why put somebody who is black in a position they may not be good at for the sake of `` equality '' ? 
  this is the same with gender , maybe they do n't get the jobs because they are not good enough and not because they have a vagina or different skin tone . 
  we are like 65mil so not that far behind you . 
  i know , i was just saying the number he had to reach was 325 and he got 332 . 
  just to help you work out the seats . 
  majority 325 , they got like 332 . 
  dah fuck did i just watch ... 
  japan 's society was already existent and it 's leader stayed in power ( to my knowledge ) . 
  in germany it was usa , uk , france and ussr so it was n't just the usa that had a hand in it , this was also a time america was n't corrupt as fuck , instead they was only just starting to get corrupt and east germany united under west german leadership in 1990 . 
  the middle east is a cluster fuck job of britain and france ( and other states like greece wanting certain parts of the middle east ) causing a power struggle that never really went away . 
  the whole continent has been ruled by dictators for nearly 1000 years , no surprise really it continues , religion is the key to their rule . 
  we 'll get you a real scot if you get us an ira member , deal ? 
  it is for ukraine but still in negotiations with france after ... 2 years ? 
  why not negotiate with ukraine ? 
  never saw them . 
  i saw that one do n't worry  im not familiar with a lot of his work but james bond , star wars and lotr i know ... as well as dracula . 
  one is open about hating lgbt 's and immigrants . 
  one wants to get in power in a nation that accepts them with open arms . 
  if ukip wanted to associate themselves with le pen it would be like them having a coalition government with the bnp . 
  i posted a bbc article of this , this morning ... goddam it -_-, 
  so ukraine does n't give russia the turbines , they get sued . 
  france refuses to hand over the ships ... . nothing . 
  looks like they are looking for reasons to invade properly haha . 
  erm , has france given russia those ships yet ? 
  hey lets vote for people who do n't do their jobs , sounds like a great idea . 
  at least clegg showed up . 
  well that sucks , he was awesome , did n't know him until lotr still a shame though . 
  we see ourselves as protectors , its not a wrong image since a lot of nations actually like us and do n't object to our use of our military . 
  it has a large amount of prestige a lot of other nations do not have . 
  our bad marks are when we support america , nobody cried foul when we went to libya but did when we went to iraq . 
  also america get 's no international support unless britain is standing by it 's side , it is why the usa backed off on syria despite france saying they 'll fight . 
  well i am looking for the article to where i got the information and now i think i got the easter uprisings and war of independence mixed up . 
  the ira would have certainty lost if it was n't for britain coming forward with a peace deal ... just ca n't remember which war it was . 
  im looking for the goddam article and ca n't find it , it was a year so after the queen visited ireland that the leader of the ira admitted nearly losing . 
  now i ca n't remember if it was the itish independence war or the 1960 's easter rising ... . . 
  probably the latter , just do n't mind me . 
  yes but that 2nd line was not forcing africans to fight but giving them a reason to volunteer . 
  somewhere forced , some where not ... even newfoundland gave up sovereignty to britain during the war to help the war effort . 
  mate ww1 everybody thought it was a holiday to france , no conscription needed . 
  ww2 conscription was brought it because people remembered ww1 . 
  are we really any different to those who fought in ww2 ? 
  the many men who got conscripted and refused to fire a single shot , the same people we see as hero 's ? 
  when the time comes conscription will be brought back and the whole cycle will start again . 
  beat ? 
  a strong word do n't you think ? 
  we just came out of ww1 , we where crippled and rebuilding , even the guy ( forgot his name ) who was leading the ira said he had 1 week of supplies and it would have been over . 
  he was surprised when the british came forward with a peace deal , so you did n't beat us , you just lasted long enough to think `` fuck it '' , you got pretty damn lucky . 
  we made indians and africans fight for the uk , is it really so hard to imagine ? 
  we even promised those who fought citizenship after the war knowing they would be slaughtered . 
  i wanted to join the raf but medical problems prevent me from joining any uniform services ( military , police , fire fighter ), 
  since when did hatred have sense assigned to it ? 
  girls get called sluts for refusing to have sex with someone . 
  you 'll be called nazi 's because it 'll hurt you guys probably . 
  went to london from wigan and everything was on time , i could literally hop off 1 train and get on the next one which is waiting opposite and it 'll leave within minutes . 
  no sure what the complaints are ... then again i hardly use the train it was a one off thing . 
  we did that in the uk back in the 60 's . 
  it 's what poor families did to get some money . 
  well it is as you say , an opinion not fact , so stop trying to pass it off as fact . 
  it 's something you should only do as a last resort . 
  we are still animal 's if we get hurt doing something , we will think twice about doing it again . 
  for example , a child who scratches and pinches will continue to do so regardless of how many times you tell them off , but if you pinch them ( lightly ) it 'll show them it hurts and they 'll think twice about doing it to somebody else . 
  ( which a colleague has found out is a good way to stop her daughter doing it after being against physical punishment . ), 
  my mum did that with my cat , it used to bite our ears , she bit it 's ear lightly and it has n't done it since . 
  also who the fuck are you to decide who is a good parent and who is not ? 
  everybody is different , children behave differently so some may need spanking , some may not . 
  [ this was shown with full context , not serious in anyway shape or form , but the media cut the clip to show the last part of what was said ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fl_mexukio ) the media will make things look as bad as they want , they did the same [ with this , completely taken out of context , by the way this complaint was made on a rerun of the episode , a year after first broadcast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amgbtfptga0 ) the media do n't care about context , they 'll take the worst part and run with it , not saying this scientist is in the right though . 
  i did n't say that . 
  most countries would prefer to fight a defensive war rather than an offensive one , but for countries like the uk our best defense in offense which is why we fight more . 
  we build giant bombs but we also know how to disarm them . 
  it 's a delicate line to walk and but look at us after 2 atom bombs where used . 
  we are scared to do anything while at the same time building more powerful weapons , i can be certain as well the next war we have will propel humanity onto another celestial body . 
  ai is the most dangerous threat not our nukes , our nukes will just be some of the tools ai 's will use on us . 
  at the same time ai 's will be used to protect humans as well and make us far more unlikely to do something stupid , while advancing us without the need for war . 
  i believe as a species we can walk that line for centuries to come . 
  are you not considering the uk as a neighbor or are you saying france is stronger ? 
  because if it is the latter you are wrong . 
  yup , i hide in the pool , i can blame the belly on the water :(, 
  so ... somehow the brits are the most boring and body conscious ?
