  somebody needs to close that school , sharia law has no place in the uk . 
  mini ice age is heading our way in 2030 anyway with or without turkey . 
  those dirty frogs where loyal to king and country during your war for independence . 
  something i heard a while back . 
  if you want to fix the economy vote in the tories , for everything else you vote labour . 
  sorry i do n't under understand why europe should step into an issue that is between just you and another country . 
  if they was threatening a war then sure , step in but you have control over who you do diplomacy right ? 
  britain still deals with china on a individual basis and anything that happens is between those 2 and nobody else . 
  and your right it wo n't be something the eu will do for a long time but i never said it would n't be . 
  bigger countries will always try and bully small ones into doing something , you just got ta stand your ground , the usa is always telling the uk what to do and we just turned round and told them to piss off . 
  the eu did n't have to step in . 
  until we are a union i just do n't feel like this is an issue imho not trying to be an ass or anything . 
  and the fact that it still exists tells your something . 
  it will take a while to federalize and i never claimed otherwise . 
  i just know it will happen eventually , once politicians stop thinking about their back pockets . 
  the eastern europeans help our economy and the numbers of eastern europeans that enter the country a similar amount of people leave to work in europe , this has been proven a few times . 
  it 's those outside of europe that people are getting annoyed with , unfortunately thanks to ukip they lump them all together with fear mongering . 
  also of course the greeks would be upset , germany has a reputation to uphold and has a lot on the line , what happened is n't about greece anymore . 
  if the eu cared they would have cut greece off . 
  the eu is projecting power near somalia so it can do it but it does n't have a independent force it can call on , only the forces of it 's member states under the `` rapid response units '' . 
  in theory only france and britain can project power abroad for the eu being the only blue water navies in europe ... italy maybe ? 
  besides if it 's against russia no doubt they will have nato logistics to fall on . 
  just remember even when britain was going to fight for the falklands multiple nations came together to help us out even if they did n't get directly involved . 
  nato training exercises would have the logistics in place ready to go , all they need is to work out what they have to work with . 
  to be fair we wanted to protect canada . 
  those states are not equal , even in the uk our different countries are not seen as equals with england being the elephant in the room subsidizing the others ( with scotland being somewhat self sufficient but still getting benefits ) . 
  texas subsidizes other us states and so the most powerful countries in the eu will subsidize the less powerful and wealthy , so we are not equal not even close . 
  but is that a reason not to form a union ? 
  we willing forced ourselves upon 1/4 of the world and using our immense wealth to improve the nations under us in order for us to gain even more wealth . 
  i do n't any think european nation with an imperial background would seriously suggest that anybody in a union is equal and that the powerful has never kept the weak afloat . 
  lets be honest , the eu is miles ahead of the other 3 , as super states the usa , china , russia , brazil and india are not exactly great examples of humanity . 
  the eu takes a very anti-large corporation stance and does n't have dictators/communists running their countries ( except usa but it 's getting there with the company 's buying politicians ) . 
  so while the eu is n't amazing it 's still stood above the rest , unfortunately we need to be patient and allow the union to grow naturally and not force it and that 'll take time because we are trying to combine different cultures , economies , laws and traditions . 
  the other 5 do n't have to worry about those differences , they need to sort out their politics ... except maybe india which has some internal problems with cultures . 
  so countries getting angry at denmark is europe 's problem ? 
  china got angry at britain for speaking with the dalai lama and all we got was a `` this has damaged relations '' while everybody else got sanctions or threats . 
  guess even china ca n't risk pissing the uk too much . 
  the only way the eu will get involved is when the eu becomes a federation because thats when our political and economic systems will be combined so what effects 1 effects us all . 
  right now we are still separate with some laws effecting everybody . 
  the eu is new and just gaining it 's legs but having some teething problems . 
  believe me the eu stands head and shoulders above the usa , russia , china and india right now , now imagine when it get 's its shit together . 
  power will rest it 's head on the eu once again , nobody trusts russia or the chinese but see eu as a place they want to be to copy . 
  nazi germany , got close to moscow , napoleon got to the red square which was burning ( russians set it alight ) . 
  your telling me the current eu and it 's combined military might could not beat russia ? 
  if we start end of spring we will be raising the eu flag by end of summer . 
  invading russia would be a piece of cake with the ability to transport supplies and training to deal with the russian environment for all military forces . 
  only problem is nukes ... all you can do is bomb the silo 's to stop them launching , or emp the launch sites . 
  the russian military has always depended on the weather/winter season to win it 's fights , it 's no longer an advantage . 
  the eu would take the place of the usa and as a continent we are richer , more powerful and more progressive than the usa and russia . 
  if anything the eu would be able to make the world a better place when it gets its act together . 
  america is ironically making the world worse . 
  * psst * we went in to libya without america , infact they was in for 30 days illegally under their own law . 
  we actually went in with france . 
  just on the irish part , can i just say many people from the republic serve in the british military and lets be fair , the british military is what defends the entirety of the island of ireland . 
  just because they are not a member of nato does n't mean the irish do n't do anything in nato because they do under the british flag . 
  on the `` look at what happened in the west thanks to the us '' thing , most of non occupied europe grew up , they decided to work together , be more progressive and built themselves brand new powerful states for the people rather than the money men . 
  shared suffering got us where we are today , we could have squandered the money but we did n't , money does n't make a successful state , the usa should know that . 
  seriously ? 
  i wish the american government will stop giving me more reasons to hate them , my scale only goes so far into the negatives before i lose count . 
  we want europe to be more independent , including ukraine and georgia syke !, 
  but if you have the reputation of doing weed then surely you would have some on your person , so it 's a good idea to search him . 
  he 's known for doing and selling both drugs and women , hate the bastard . 
  not much difference, 
  nvm misread, 
  the french are pissed after that . 
  bowling and mcdonalds # 80 . 
  thats for about an hour or 2 , hate to imagine a full day . 
  to be fair , i have paid a girl # 25 a couple of times for sex , so yea , he 's living the dream at # 200 lmao . 
  to the daycare !!, 
  his job is make sure people behave the way people expect a politician to do , as much as we expect politicians to do this sort of stuff we have n't added any of them to the list of what they can do . 
  so they have to quit . 
  you got told by a brit on holiday to go back to poland and you did ? 
  never listen to a brit on holiday they are either drunk or drugged up ... or at least did n't get laid the night before and is pissed off . 
  if there is 1 thing our media does right , it 's tell us the shit about our politicians that our politicians do n't want us knowing . 
  corruption should be dealt with . 
  the best part is the very rules that cause him to lose his job , are the very same rules he came up with an put into place . 
  irony at its finest !, 
  that 's the german in you ... hang on !, 
  britain would be on the floor with it 's legs open for the east europeans to enter freely . 
  i like the `` they are setting a bad example '' part , why is it a bad example ? 
  the rich sharing their wealth with the people who got them that wealth is a bad thing ? 
  goes to show what the fat cats think of the rest of us . 
  about black holes . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/stephen-hawking-admits-the-biggest-blunder-of-his-scientific-career--early-belief-that-everything-swallowed-up-by-a-black-hole-must-be-lost-forever-8568418.html ), 
  steven hawking is one of the smartest men on the planet but his whole theory was wrong . 
  there is a saying `` smart people have no common sense '', 
  armies used to use champions to decide who wins and who loses , the loser would surrender their army and land . 
  many times the losing side has attacked anyway . 
  the welsh wo n't leave , they economically can not support themselves . 
  about 4 % want welsh independence . 
  `` snp will recognize and respect the choice made by the people of scotland '' unless it 's the choice we do n't like then we will do it again until we get it right ! . 
  you ca n't be this stupid . 
  surely . 
  did n't know it was linked to pension age ... i get a bus pass at 72 ... cool . 
  i would suggest listening to a car try and go 10mph in first and then switch it to 2nd . 
  also could n't tell you the reason but it 's painful to listen to . 
  while somebody did miss that chance , that must have been 5-6 years ago by now , doubt it 's in kosovo . 
  that bath one with the 4 girls has been on the internet for years , its a banner on most porn sites . 
  americans went into that war thinking it would be fun , that it would be over in no time . 
  boy did that attitude change , even eisenhower claim that the british had suffered so much in 3 years that we was unwilling to take risks , yet here you are 75 years later with hindsight and you make light of the situation to try and make a point ?
