  how have we tried ? 
  we have n't been given the chance . 
   britain would still be vexed by an innate reluctance to accept anything much less than leadership when you ruled the world for 300 years can you expect the country to get over it 's empire in just 1 generation ? 
  the empire started to end in 1943 and picked up speed in the 60-70 's only ending in 1996 ( hong kong ) . 
  that 's at least 2 generations that are still alive today with the knowledge of empire and generations who are well aware of just how powerful britain is . 
  how can you expect a former global power that was once unmatched to be lead after 1 generation ? 
  britain is routed heavily in it 's roots and our history has always had us as the most stable , wealthiest , most powerful nation around . . can you really blame us ? 
  until the english slaughtered em in cold blood , 
  the king ordered any able bodied man in england to practice his longbow for several hours a day so the king could summon a force practically at will and have longbow men available . 
  so the king saw the saw the down side to longbow training time and countered it with mandatory training . 
  reading the first couple of pages , is it me or do the english and then the british have this reputation of just wreaking superior numbered forces with close to half the numbers itself ? 
  not a nice thing to call his wife , regardless of how accurate :p, 
  ok , looks like we are leaving the eu after this . 
  anybody should be able to come to the country with no money , visa or anything because they have a right to a family ? 
  what 's the point of border controls and visa 's if that is the case ? 
  i am pro eu btw but this is fucking retarded . 
  i was hesitant about the link , hoping it would be exactly that ... i was n't disappointed . 
  here , have the victoria 's cross . 
  [ st.helens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpebsv-6zvk ), 
  thats it !!!, 
  i knew it was something like that , just for the life of me could n't remember . 
  it is ? 
  so it is ... . so where did wee come from ? 
  or is oui pronounced wee ? 
  funny the qwerty keyboard is possibly the worst around , it was meant to make typing on a type writer faster but not for computers . 
  some how it stuck though and became a common keyboard format to use , the more you know . 
  wee in french is yes so how is w a waste ? 
  oh you are trolling now , got it, 
   you are clearly an intentional one with no desire to reform , making you much worse than most . 
  the last time i said anything racist outside of jokes was when i was 5 years old , do n't tell me im something when you never met me or know me , especially based of a small internet discussion . 
  so going all daily mail on people , makes sense ... . did i just say the daily mail made sense ? 
  * goes off to kill himself . 
  who said i was proud of it ? 
  you called me a racist , i said you was too , so is everybody else so it 's not exactly an insult . 
  also if you just listed off a bunch of empire 's , the anglo-sphere is not an empire but a collection of countries that have a shared history , cultural heritage and language which also happened to some of the most developed , powerful and respected nations on earth . 
  when i asked for an equivalent i meant can you think of anything else than can match it . 
  spain does n't have any prosperous former colony it gets along with and is able to match the anglo-sphere , neither does france or germany . 
  so what made the anglo-sphere so different ? 
  it 's something i have always wondered and being `` superior '' is not the right answer , the germans had that line of thinking and look where that went . 
  like why is this group of similar nations so strong and pretty much command the planet when other nations do n't have any other colonies that reached a similar status to the former british colonies ? 
   mainly as far as i can tell because your moral compass is rather screwed and you insist on assuming everybody else 's is too . 
  wait what ? 
  also for starters everybody is racist , everybody thinks something racist from time to time , it 's 100 % normal just like everybody is sexist and homophobic which but they are hidden as jokes and socially accepted outlet . 
  most people are still very tolerant and open minded like myself though . 
  also if you actually read and think about what i said instead of thinking `` racist '' to validate your own argument/opinion then you 'll realize it 's another topic of debate . 
  britons where conquered and subjugated by the romans like most of europe and somehow built the worlds greatest empire and the anglo-sphere are amongst the worlds most powerful nations and the current number 1 nation is america . 
  all of them originate from 1 nation , so how on earth did that come to be ? 
  why are nations who have origins from other countries not among the best in in the world ? 
  can you think of a french , german , spanish equivalent ? 
  it 's not racist to think `` how the fuck did that happen '' . 
  africans existed before europeans ... . europeans found africans in the same state 10,000 years later . 
  they where moving kinda slow , we still see tribes who have n't met man around the world , if they do n't want to advance they wo n't . 
  people voting to leave the eu because the eu says we have the right to not be spied on by our government ? 
  erm ... the only way that can be twisted is by leaving out all information and saying `` the eu is pushing laws on us again '' . 
   no , what you ca n't prove is that technology , medicine and science would not have developed anyway . 
  what makes you think the british are so friggin special anyway ? 
  all three of those things predate the british empire by millennia anyway and were inevitably going to be further developed somewhere in the world . 
  we happened to have the greatest power at the time , so a lot of that development happened here . 
  if britain had n't been around , somebody else would have taken over . 
  you maybe be aware that there where plenty of empires around at the time of the british empire , these days many comparisons can be made by how each empire behaved for example ... in africa the british gave education and medicine to it 's people ... . the french also gave medicine to it 's people but also experimented on them ... the germans eradicated the local population and started genocide because germans where a purer more power race . 
  north america prospered because of the foundations the british laid in place and was considered a success story in history ... while the portuguese and spanish colonies in the south which ... pretty much failed . . except for brazil . 
  so you right it could have happened without us ... but 1 ) plenty of arguments have been dismissed by that very same reasoning and 2 ) i do n't think the british are special though i do wonder how the anglo blood line seems to be the dominant one . 
   still not seeing the link to the british empire here . 
  britain spreading it 's knowledge around the world ? 
   right , i forgot about how british imperialism cured ebola . 
  really ? 
  that was an example of medicine and science saving lives that otherwise would be been lost which was what happened during the colonial period and was one of the major benefits given to the colonies . 
  sure we do n't like in a colonial world now but wealthy industrialized nations still cured a disease in africa ... something we have done for hundreds of years directly by imperialism until recently . 
   imperialism was how we in actual fact financed the industrial revolution , but industrial development does not require imperialism . 
  you right we do n't need imperialism to get materials and could have found another way ... but ... except china refused to trade with britain and britain just started a war instead and forced it 's ports open ... without imperialism china would still be a backwards hellhole under the rule of the qing dynasty ... or controlled by japan . 
  and hong kong would not be what it is today . 
  imperialism was a key way for nations of various sizes to get resources it desired from others , a lot like how the size of a nation now can get better deals with a strong nation compared to a small one trying to do the same , because the bigger it is the more resources it has to barter with and a powerful military helps occasionally . 
   and again : the ends do not justify the means . 
  you do n't get to kill people in the name of progress and science and make it a-ok . 
  except that actually happened , people died in the name of science . 
  the a-bomb was dropped when scientists thought it would destroy the world but dropped it anyway and hoped for the best and killed 10 's of thousands in the process ... twice . 
  how many times did doctors try new techniques on dying or poor people only for them to fail , eventually something would work and that stuck and benefited people , you do n't think those people where willing participants do you ? 
  speaking of looking up unit 66 during ww2 , it was a japanese torture camp doing cruel experiments on living and dead people . 
  the guy who ran that camp now runs one of japans largest pharmaceutical companies . . go figure . 
   so it was still births or killing that child ? 
  no , the universe is not quite that mean - that was just the officers of the british empire . 
  in actual reality lowering the number of stills births does not require sacrificing children . 
  sorry the universe is that cruel , some british officers looked after it 's population , some did n't different people behave in different ways . 
   in any case , i honestly do n't know what you 're trying to prove here you said somebody who murders somebody should still go to jail even if he is a great inventor . 
  my example was showing that these days if you are in the public eye and kill somebody you pretty much get a slap on the wrist . 
  and people want him to be remembered for the first paraplegic person to run along side able bodied athletes . 
  so why should we remember him for what good he did for disabled people and put aside the part of him that murdered his gf in cold blood but in other instances we should only remember the bad and never thegood ? 
  and the zulu was uniting south africa by brutally slaughtering their way through their enemies and surrounding tribes using advanced military tactics for their area . 
  but considering africa was around before european 's existed i would like to know what took them so long to start expanding the europeans were already conquering the world . 
  we sped up the process , clearly some progress needs to be slow because africa has had problems with the sudden growth forced on them . 
  1 dead person is a tragedy , millions are a statistic . 
   we killed your child , but here take some industrial progress '' is not a moral deal . 
  in the present of course that means fuck all to that mother but in the grand scheme of things their people benefited and people who may have had still births may have actually had their child saved . 
   you 're using this false dichotomy wherein the british only killed when necessary and with the blessing of the justice system no i was just answering for that specific example i gave about the man being threatened by a brit to be hung for murder . 
  that 's it . 
   ok , look : regardless of what you believe , you must at the very least acknowledge that this is something you can not possibly know . 
  it is literally not measurable . 
  i ca n't prove technology , medicine and science saved more lives than it killed ? 
  considering those type of advances allowed our population to grow from a tribe with a global population in about a million to a population of 7 billion and rising because the likely hood of a still birth or people dying from the common cold has been massively reduced . 
  look at africa last year , a disease that killed millions and was seemed to have vanished with no cure ... . came back and humans cured it and people 's lives saved .
