  cyprus see themselves as european . 
  or they do n't even need to try with the tories since everybody hates them regardless . 
  see this is how you say you want us to stay . 
  we 'll love you guys regardless , you guys being in europe is a plus . 
  i seem to remember that being discussed but never completed ... well damn , bt suck . 
  i got infinite texts and 2500 minutes offered for the same price plus the 1gb . 
  thanks for the link though . 
  they offered # 8 for 3gb and some other stuff but i rarely use my phone , i only use data in work during breaks . 
  no provider has bundles to suit somebody who never spends more than # 100 a year on their phone , im pay as you go for that reason, 
  well like i said , if i do n't activate my bundle it 's # 4 a mb . 
  with my bundle it 's not but i need to pay monthly # 20 to activate it . 
  i got offered a loyalty thing a month ago , # 6 a month for 1gb , i turned it down because im dumb , i might phone em up and ask about it as it 's becoming a problem . 
  well like i said below i used a few minutes to look up something on my phone using data on 3 seperate days and i ran out of credit . 
  i phoned up ee my provider ( well orange ... ) and they went through it all , where i was charged and how much . 
  i lost # 20 in a week for about 10 minutes of data use . 
  i had no idea what they charged before now without the bundle . 
  i get 3gb for # 20 and it 'll last a month without reaching 1gb ... 
  wrong how ? 
  guess so . 
  i only read text on my phone but i used up # 20 in a week for a few minutes of browsing a day ( 3 days i used data think ) . 
  i was pissed off since i topped up to get the 3gb bundle activated . 
  turns out i have to pay before the deadline to get it instantly or wait a week after top up . 
  always is an exaggeration . 
  i hope the zimbabwe president wore a suit to the meetings , because he hates that britain made the suit something you wear to official meetings :p, 
  is n't the it system still windows xp ? 
  like most government used machines  . , 
  there is a dating site for that . 
  if nobody 's personal information is given away then i see no issue with it . 
  one thing about the uk is patient confidentiality really is a strict thing . 
  this is far better than the eu giving all our information to the us national guard every time we get on a plane to the usa . 
  it 's 3p per megabyte for me in the eu now but in the uk it will cost like # 4 a mb . 
  ( i live in the uk ), 
  65 % cut i was told by ee , the most expensive thing is 4p and the cheapest is 1p . 
  yay !, 
  we are stronger than spain and argentina and did n't lease the land . 
  china leased hong kong and we can not take them on like ... at all . 
  of course not . 
  if it was pegged to the pound and issued and controlled by the bank of england along with not separating it from the rest of the uk economy , they can do what they want . 
  hell birmingham is doing a trail with it 's own money , scotland also has it 's own . 
  because our empire was gone ... no way we could stop china invading hong kong plus they did lease it for 99 years . 
  we did try to keep it but bigger army diplomacy . 
  [ erm , well ... ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11737286/eu-demands-britain-joins-greek-rescue-fund.html ), 
  [ erm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zkl91lzcmc ), 
  i would calm down ... but i have no clue what the fuck this is about so allow me to join the confusion . 
  they had more jobs before they joined , so yes ? 
  i was 12 in 2002 so forgive me for not knowing about things that far back , i do recall wanting to keep the pound and it worked out well for us . 
  i recall the eu trying to force the uk to take part in the bail outs . 
   i do n't get why people are so against a common fiscal policy . 
  we are not against it , we against it going wrong and fucking everything up , you where warned but it was ignored . 
  simple economics , powerful economies using the same currency as a weaker economy is a bad idea . 
  china being a hypocrite , they made a deal with britain that for 50 years china could n't do anything in hong kong . 
  it 's been 19 years and they already corrupted it . 
  we did n't want to join the euro because we expected the euro crises , we got it right and the eu came running to the uk asking for help . 
  we are a cynical bunch but we are cynical so we can improve . 
  always question authority regardless of if it 's your parents , the police , government or the eu . 
   `` small yet strong '' . 
  luck of the draw , i guess . 
  our legacy of empire , a small nation built the largest and most powerful in the world , something china has n't forgotten ( opium wars ), 
  we built the camps with no intention of mass deaths , we fucked up ... badly . 
  germany used the camps in north africa and committed genocide , so ... yea . 
  germany made the first concentration camp but because something similar happened to us first we got stuck with the blame :(, 
  english are at the top no doubt . 
  you took one for the team  in return we kept you out of ww2, 
  regardless of the opium wars , we get on well with the chinese . 
  for example when norway met the dali lama they cut trade of somethings and gave them a political bollocking . 
  when cameron did it we got a `` do n't do it again or you 'll damage our relationship '' . 
  for some reason , a lot of nations like us , it 's pretty cool but weird as well . 
  russia can not handle a full blown war with the eu ... plus attacking the eu = nato gets involved so the usa is back anyway . 
  oh i know the joke , i just could n't miss the opportunity to make you squirm a little . 
  relax i said the same about my country when it was in iraq and afghanistan after 10 years fighting so it 's not trying to `` ignore '' the suffering in ukraine or something . 
  i was just sharing a thought . 
  as the saying goes , 1 death is a tragedy , hundreds are a statistic . 
  i do n't recall all of britain going to war with napoleon but thousands still died in a day . 
  royal navy motto `` want peace ? 
  prepare for war '' . 
  in comes pax britannia, 
  i think that is partly because we have the expertise and know how to be able to help build something so complicated . 
  i mean if the usa had the choice between lets say estonia and the uk to help in building it , who would be picked ? 
  the pressure of what ? 
  the lack of pressure from the usa ? 
  the eu wo n't increase spending because america is around but america wo n't leave . 
  ok , i laughed , kudos . 
  basically vw ca n't keep up so want to block the competition . 
  vw boycott anyone ? 
  they shot themselves in the foot already , now this ? 
  but ... surely we are the most experienced to answer such a question ? 
  oh well , i would n't say anything a look at wikipedia would n't tell you , 
   google to give me the honor i thought that said boner , i giggled . 
  harry has even said he wants to be more normal and does n't like royal life so he acts as normal as possible . 
  i can respect him for that , it also makes it easier since he has no chance of becoming king . 
  well ...  no brits i dare say !, 
  lets be honest , 3 year war ... 10,000 dead ... not so bad . 
  compare it to the past where that many died in a few hours . 
  the combined military of the eu is bigger than the usa 's military , you know that right ? 
  so what has how much they pay in got to do with this ? 
  would america go to war with europe for israel ? 
  unlikely since it 's one of the usa 's biggest trading partners . 
  the question is , nato is 90 % europe , the uk also being in europe and nato . 
  would america risk going to war with europe for israel ? 
  unlikely .
