  the scottish have the voice and strength to challenge the tory government but they do n't want to leave the uk . 
  if anything it 's been 300-600 years together and those national identities have existed for all that time , so why ca n't different nations join together in a political union ? 
  i would actually , people who share the same government will begin to converge and become similar to each other . 
  how different was the english , scottish and welsh and yet they now share the same ideals and changed the face of human history . 
  different is good sometimes , 
  a british idea . 
  some of them think we have left already , my mum included , i wanted to tell her different but she did n't want to continue the conversation after she said `` we are out of the eu '' . 
  they caused all of this to happen ... so they are mostly to blame with the leave vote . 
  if they did it would be because of some fat ass feminist who ca n't wear them . 
  pretty much the people trying to get them banned in first place along with conservative prudes . 
  banning the burkha and what have you is for me , fine . 
  it 's used by the men to sneak under the radar , it 's caused enormous amount of racism claims and fractured society . 
  ( why can they wear a burhka but i ca n't wear a hat for example ) . 
  it 's a sign that the worst of islam ( or the isis version ) is being practiced in your country where that stuff is illegal . 
  there are too many down sides to the isis dress code and the people that both enforce it and follow it . 
  yea well that 's nothing new , it 's happened throughout the centuries . 
  they wanted to ban the miniskirt at one point . 
  europe is n't enforcing a dress code , just banning 1 particular dress code . 
  we have always had europes back :(, 
  the british media is saying that it was the best thing ever and everything is going great and that brexit has n't done any damage while spurring investment . 
  so ... yea . 
  each person pays for their own pension however if they do n't have one they get a state pension . 
  but the question is , do they know the definition of a troll ? 
  is it the media version or the real version ? 
   britain could remain in the eu until late 2019 , almost a year later than predicted , ministers have privately warned senior figures in the city of london . 
  . theresa may has been expected to enact article 50 in january , setting in train the formal two years of negotiations before brexit . 
   despite great political pressure to stick to that timetable , she may be forced to delay because her new brexit and international trade departments will not be ready , city sources said . 
   french and german elections are also being cited as a cause for delay . 
  britain might not invoke article 50 until france has voted next may or even until after the german poll in september , ministers confided to senior city contacts . 
   you ca n't negotiate when you do n't know who you 're negotiating with , '' said a city insider . 
  and a cabinet minister confirmed to the sunday times that there were `` some challenges '' in the french and german electoral timetables . 
   the prospect of a year 's delay will anger hardline eurosceptic conservative mps and `` leave '' voters who expected a speedy brexit . 
   nigel farage , the former leader of ukip , warned that failure to deliver on the eu referendum result and curb immigration could lead to mass demonstrations on the streets . 
   there was a `` real danger '' that millions of people who voted for the first time in the eu referendum would be tempted to join extremists such as the english defence league if they felt ignored , farage said . 
   david davis , the brexit secretary , and liam fox , the international trade secretary , indicated after may appointed them that they expected britain to leave at the start of 2019 . 
   however , their new whitehall departments are being set up from scratch and the situation is `` chaotic '' , said one senior city source who has spoken to ministers . 
   `` ministers are now thinking the [ article 50 ] trigger could be delayed to autumn 2017 , '' said another source , who had discussions with two senior ministers . 
  `` they do n't have the infrastructure for the people they need to hire . 
  they say they do n't even know the right questions to ask when they finally begin bargaining with europe . ''  a cabinet source said davis and fox might not be able to make much progress before france , in particular , goes to the polls . 
  `` that is an issue that is a problem , '' the source said . 
  `` liam and david have talked through these issues and are very aware of the sensitivities . 
   `` so it could be that little progress is made to start with and then you start to see [ it at ] a pace after that . ''  another senior government insider said there was also uncertainty about preparatory talks with eu leaders , in which britain would try to reach informal understandings on key issues before triggering article 50 . 
   `` i 'm not sure they are going to be ready , '' the source said . 
  `` there is an issue about these preliminary talks -- no one even seems to know what the substance will be . ''  davis and fox are spending the summer recess setting up their new fiefdoms . 
  davis has so far recruited less than half the 250 staff he expects to need . 
  they are working in downing street and the cabinet office in whitehall . 
   fox is looking to recruit up to 1,000 trade policy experts but currently has fewer than 100 . 
  his team is temporarily housed in the business department . 
  its permanent home `` could be anywhere '' , said an insider . 
   he is also seeking legal advice on his department 's precise room for manoeuvre . 
  it can hold informal discussions with potential trade partners outside the eu but is barred from formal negotiations with them before brexit . 
   a no 10 spokesman said : `` the prime minister has been clear that a top priority for this government is to deliver the decision of the british people to leave the eu and to make a success of brexit . 
  the pm has set out the government 's position on article 50 and has established a new department dedicated to taking forward the negotiations . '', 
  well he campaigned for brexit so ... . maybe we broke with tradition ? 
  all i was trying to say was we did n't sell our soul to russian billionaires , if anything they trusted the enemy with their money . 
  you realize the government is hiring 750 negotiators right to get trade deals going right ? 
  some nations like australia and canada may be done quickly ( around 2 years ) while some like china could take a decade . 
  no clue mate . 
  it 'll take decades to afford it , we have to renegotiate a shit ton of trade agreements , some will not be as beneficial as they once where and even then if we ca n't trade with the eu we are down by 27 countries . 
  lets just continue to pretend nothing changes and we just pay no eu membership fee though , it seems to be the popular view here . 
  if the money is in london , then the uk can block funds leaving it ... you understand how banks work right ? 
  you give them your money and it 's then the banks choice if you get it back or not . 
  they do n't have enough money in the bank to give to every single customer in 1 day in an emergency . 
   violates are airspace frequently . 
  i do n't believe he specified british airspace . 
  with all of that in mind it 's odd that russian billionaires actually built a british town and british style pubs in russia to live . 
  if we leave the eu we leave the single market so we ca n't trade with them , we also cut trade links with every nation we traded with through the eu . 
  we also trade with those nations , now if we take back that money and stop trading . 
  do we still make the same amount of money ? 
  no we do n't we lose far more than we gain . 
  also right now we are still doing billions worth of budget cuts so we ca n't afford the membership either . 
  i did n't realize edwardian mansions where built a few decades ago / s, 
  a lot of farms are actually paid by super markets to provide food for super markets , for example there is a farm about 10 minutes away that has a sign for aldi in the field facing the main road . 
  sure the farmers make an incredible amount of money but that 's expected with how much work they do and they need to be able to afford the equipment they use and maintain it all . 
  does n't mean they ca n't struggle financially or even in just doing the job , they are under a lot of pressure to make cheap products that hits the bottom line . 
  there is about 5 % of the population of the uk feeding the other 95 % it 's a tough job and it 's actually an impossible job to do since they do n't even feed half , the rest is imported . 
  suppose , still money we ca n't afford , we ca n't afford it now ... 
  no mansions near me mate , i drive past farms every single day 6-8 times a day in some cases . 
  those manors/mansions are from centuries ago when rich people owned land . 
  for the record i have never seen a mansion for a farmer to live in . 
  our farmers are actually being pretty much destroyed by super markets . 
  they are being nickle and dimed in a war for lower priced products so they can win the super market war . 
  so that 's another # 5 billion of funds we ca n't afford , next we need to give funds to regions that had eu funds . 
  looking good folks . 
  britains normal relationship with russia is butting heads , anybody remember the great game ? 
  that means nothing to me xd, 
  the answer you are looking for is the super market makes up the cost else where . 
  erm if places in scotland wanted to stay with the uk i am sure it would be discussed . 
  at the end of the day . 
  the irish left and when they did they realized that some of them where still loyal to britain but the dream of an independent ireland = no brits on the island . 
  been hell since . 
   apartheid south africa was n't that after independence ? 
  i feel bad for how ireland was treated believe me , all because of religion . 
  our `` grudge '' is just banter and the uk is against everybody from another nation being a coach for a national team , it happens like in rugby league who is coached by an australian but still it 's nothing personal . 
  just a pride thing . 
   we already did and the island got split in two erm , my knowledge of cyprus is sketchy but is n't it in 3 parts ? 
  britain controls a military base on cyprus . 
   conquer other people for funsies . 
  only for tea . 
  what you do n't seem to realize is 1 .
