  so he raped her is what you are saying ? 
  turns out even if your drunk it 's not consent . 
  the british take the piss out of everybody and we like to drink , it 's out culture , it 's often commented that british humour is different to others , it 's full of satire and we laugh at ourselves just as much as the others . 
  me n my family call each other names and make fun of characteristics like my dads size and me being ginger and continuously call each other adopted , if we did n't then we would think something is wrong . 
  the british `` poking fun '' at the other nationalities in a way you guys can hear ( or right in front of you ) shows they mean no ill will but they probably expect you guys to be alright with it . 
  i agree with the bullying thing though , it 's hidden as `` banter '' i was a victim of that growing up ... only when i turned 15-16 it turned into actual banter . 
  the english talk shit about the scottish and welsh and vise versa , we talk shit about europeans ( the germans hit back at us because they are awesome while the french think we hate them ) and europeans talk shit about america and america talks shit about us too . 
  do n't take it to heart , it 's a cultural different . 
  i talk in a respectful way however i also take the piss out of people to their face but as banter and they join in , even random strangers . 
  it 's called taking the piss  the term sometimes refers to a form of mockery in which the mocker exaggerates the other person 's characteristics ; pretending to take on his or her attitudes , etc. , in order to make them look funny . 
  or it may be used to refer to a ruse where a person is led to believe something is true that is not ( usually a fairly unbelievable story ) for the purpose of ridicule of the subject . 
  the phrase is in common usage throughout british society , employed by headline writers in broadsheet gazettes [ 2 ] and tabloids [ 3 ] as well as colloquially . 
  it is also used in english speaking countries such as australia . 
  it 's a national pass time to take the piss at everybody 's expense , we do n't exclude ourselves from that . 
  also so what if a group of brits gravitate to each other and poke fun ... humans automatically group up with like minded people . 
  i completely understand that you guys may take offense to it because it looks pretty mean , but it 's not intentional , it 's just banter , we only actually start being mean when you do n't seem to grasp the concept , if anything if you had the same sense of humour they would tell you to pull up a chair . 
  people might be thinking wtf with france helping us , but we have been combining our forces lately so we have defense agreements that allow this sort of stuff . 
  makes sense for the 2 most powerful european nations to work together , it 's a precursor to a joint european military . 
  sea kings from the rn or a submarine hunter surface ship or sub in the area can all do the trick , if anything the raf are using any aircraft they have to try and spot a sub on the surface of the water or something similar . 
  you do n't like being judged as monkeys with guns , so do n't lump our forces together because of a few shit heads . 
  any `` animosity '' is normally banter , both sides see the bad in each others uniform , it does n't mean they are all like that . 
  erm , we are the top military power in europe , france are 2nd . 
  they can beat everybody but italy and britain ... :p, 
  are you racist if you pick on everybody ? 
  or are you just a dick to everybody at that point ? 
  the germans can take a banter bashing from us , the french think we hate them , i find it cute . 
  we do n't hate you guys , we have fun at your expense expecting you to do the same . 
  ... . so ... humans will always be like this , so you do n't want to be born at all ? 
  then im sure the ai realize why the system is in place and accept they do n't stuff humans do . 
  with human level ai we need to give them rights not treat em like machines . 
  the idea is `` machines do n't need to be paid '' so businesses will get 100 % of the profits , so the law needs to work out how much can be taken and how many people it could pay and then it gets taken from the business , added to the benefit system and obviously then it gets split between everybody . 
  worked right everybody earns the same and have good purchasing power , of course we are dealing with human greed here so it 'll be minimum wage for everybody . 
  maybe not but they can suck it up . 
  they do n't pay machines so they can put what they would pay people into the tax system . 
  the sooner our economy is run by machines the better , because then nobody has to work and the machines ( people who run the business ) can fund the benefit system . 
  our economies in the west are heading in that direction , this need to create more jobs is just like pulling off a bandage slowly . 
  do n't drag it out . 
  you respect the pope ? 
  somebody who walked into politics telling the uk the falklands belong to argentina . 
  nah fuck that guy . 
  pretty much , they where a bunch of randoms that posed for a picture with charles and put their arm around his shoulders . 
  it 's no longer the `` off with their heads '' sort of country , though many would like that to return . 
  uk citizens are still in the commonwealth , so we are still commonwealth citizens , some guys got in trouble for touching prince charles so it 's protocol for everybody to not touch the royal family, 
  oliver cromwell thought so too . 
  the uk does fine with a monarch and has a lot of political power around the world and the most respected person on earth , meaning we get a lot of brownie points from that, 
  erm ... you need to do some research on how much the royals do for the country before ditching them . 
  why though ? 
  you learn mandarin and you practically hand china power , not even all of china speak mandarin and they are learning english on a massive scale . 
  so why should we learn mandarin as if that 's gon na be the global language ? 
  thats a byproduct of the fact that our language is a global one , so we do n't feel the need to learn other languages because you can go anywhere in the world and find an english speaker . 
  you ca n't blame us for that , its an environmental thing rather than being lazy . 
  somebody watches extra credits . 
  sounded like you needed to cut out and your wife wrote the statistics :p, 
  to be fair , you get kicked out of pubs at 11-12pm then you head into the clubs until 3am, 
  not in the senate . 
  we did ask a dutchman to come `` invade '' england to become our new king ... what more dya want ? 
  you guys created the debt system and britain took it to fuel it 's wars and spread it around the world :p, 
  the healthcare the government funds is a black hole , nobody is paying in , the uk with the nhs has people paying in directly then the rest of the budget is made up by the government . 
  right now nobody is paying into the universal healthcare option and only insurance companies . 
  republicans want the democrats to fail regardless of `` sound reasoning '' because it makes them look bad and less likely to be elected . 
  blame the republicans not wanting to do universal healthcare, 
  so ... people calling themselves the ira are not planting pipe bombs in n.ireland ?? 
  and no i 'm not ignorant of the subject , my mum side of the family is irish so i learned about it and read up about it and watched films about it . 
  the british have stopped , the ira have n't, 
  i believe you mean 1845 and not 1945 . 
  also northern ireland is like that because of the ira and other unionists , as well as the devolved parliament unable to have only 1 ruling group and needs 2 instead ... . you may not know this but ... ireland and britain talk about what to do with n.ireland so you jointly fucked it up, 
  `` personally i would like to see you uk leave the eu , join the commonwealth again and install borders again between ireland and ni '' so ... the uk should leave the eu ... alright the uk should join the commonwealth again ? 
  despite being in it already and at the very top ... . . alright reinstall borders that have n't been there for ... what ? 
  nearly 100 years ? 
  alright . 
  this guy is clueless apparently . 
  you can burn anybody you want . 
  it used to be a effigy of the pope or guy fawkes , now you just chuck on who ever you like . 
  well that is completely wrong to the history of the night . 
  in the film they blow up parliament , the night to celebrate that guy fawkes failed to blow it up . 
  the pope was used as an effigy but since the country started being nice to catholics it changed to guy fawkes after this incident ... then it became what ever you wanted . 
  being in the north west i say liffuania, 
  with virgin i opened my browser one day and was asked i wanted to put the filter on ... . but had to put my account number and password in ... did n't know the account number so i closed the window , re-opened and it was gone . 
  3 weeks later it came back but did n't ask for details , just yes or no ... clicked no and nothing since haha . 
  tories going back to the victorian era and mums trying to run the country . 
  ca n't wait until people who know how the internet works gets into government ... . maybe before i die would be nice ... so 60 years from now ? 
  until they attacked us of course . 
  it 's the fact that women complain they do n't get paid equal to men who do the same job , now suddenly it 's the other way around , nobody cares to mention it in our feminist society . 
  well when you got ta feed a small island and are competing with countries like france , you go for gold . 
  ukraine may want to have a word with you . 
  russia may want to as well ... oh and sweden getting threats for getting closer to nato , then russia 's border creeping in georgia and permanent unstable area in moldova . 
  also only 1 dictator lives in europe now ( belarus ) nato did n't get rid of them , they vanished after the war . 
  syria , libya , iraq are unstable after overthrowing dictators so that has n't work either . 
  ( i do n't oppose those but i acknowledge something went wrong somewhere and it 's not helping ), 
  because over throwing dictators and expanding the borders of the eu and nato have worked wonders so far . 
  other blocks will rise to match nato if nato gets too powerful , that or a member state/s may go rogue and attack from within . 
  humanity will have more major wars , it is inevitable , we need to prepare for them , not try to prevent them . 
  we have been that way for hundreds of years except towards catholics which has changed in the last 100 or so years . 
  india was given independence and suez canal was built by britain and france and egypt tried to nationalize it so they tried to stop it . 
  needless to say america black mailed us and egypt took control of it . 
  ukip are a party very few take seriously . 
  a person who is in power in germany taking at a shot at britain is a big deal . 
  probably because they are dead at that point . 
   i 'm dead and i 'm in the uk, 
  the law has n't kept up with the technology , this happens all the time .
