  c'mon man , your better than this . 
  what happened on the inside and what you saw on the outside is rather different , this year the covers came off and you saw the ugly crap we have been hiding . 
  sorry chaps , will get that curtain back up as soon as we can . 
  the vast majority of us are fine just the shitheads have a big mouth, 
  ol liz has gone through worse , 2016 and bite her leathery saggy ass . 
  like a 6th sense these days , it 's as natural as breathing . 
   so we fought a war on four fronts , won three of them , would have been 4 if it was n't for the french navy destroying the largest royal navy armarda ever seen heading to yorktown , damn frenchies . 
   we lost a colony . 
  you spent two decades murdering your aristocrats , killing europeans , and losing territory to us due to the cost of doing so . 
      swings and roundabouts . 
  which also led to the rise of napoleon who 's beating led to pax britannia . 
  carnival is right . . 
  or it was a joke ... 
  ya know pick out something and run with it sort of thing , does n't have to be true . 
  cameron told the eu to stfu thinking that if the eu told us how to vote that the british people would vote out . 
  cameron fucked up massively . 
  did you watch the extra credits stuff on the opiom wars ? 
  they pretty much shown the whole thing was just for tea ... 
  if people want to understand the north , south divide in the uk , this map is a perfect representation !, 
   saying `` blacks are inhuman scum '' is not an opinion . 
  it is though , 100 years ago this was the norm , public opinion has changed and society now treats black people like everybody else . 
  that is because it is based on opinion , not fact . 
  they almost always incite hatred , i mean they hold signs saying `` the uk should be destroyed '' and stuff like that which is pretty much calling for the death of 65 million people . 
  it 's easier to tell the different than you think . 
  people have opinions and are 100 % protected by law to share those views , you may not like them but they have the right to say them , like you do . 
  to tell somebody that ca n't say something is telling somebody that they do n't have the right of freedom of speech and that you feel you have the right to take that from them . 
  as long as you do n't incite violence it 's perfectly fine , if somebody takes it as a reason to hurt somebody , then it 's not the person who shared the opinions fault but the person who decided to hurt somebody . 
  there is a difference to being a twat and inciting violence and recruiting for a terrorist organization . 
  telling companies to ban people who are saying things like `` blacks are inhuman scum '' is n't fine , it 's freedom of speech . 
  it 's not the same as `` cut the throats of every black man you see '', 
  to be fair the engines got blocked by government 20 years ago . 
  now it 's back as a private venture with government backing with a small cash injection . 
  what do you mean they have n't realized ? 
  your saying you know better than the guy inventing a whole brand new engine ( that nobody thought was possible ) that could change industries and humanity for good ? 
  maybe you should tell them how to fix it ? 
  wrong it was doing a trial a year or 2 ago , osbourne put some money towards it . 
  there was talks of where to build a space port for skylon and everythin, 
  erm , is n't the uk doing that with the sabre engine ? 
  so this means what ? 
  we can have our cake and eat it too ? 
  looks like russian forces are off to greece for a holiday, 
  but we are leaving the eu . . 
  i see very little wrong with some of those examples , they are part of our history , old sits next to new , the uk is full of examples . 
  might as well knock down the dialect castles while we are at it . 
  i was a kid once , age restrictions are useless , this is just a `` oh look we are doing something see ? '', 
  i saw porn when i was 11 so did my bros , porn is n't the devil like the media and dumb ass adults say it is . 
  you suck on your mums tit at birth and see naked bodies all the time . 
  they can . 
  but seeing a naked body while wanking feels different to just using your imagination . 
  your body is hard weird to react to a naked body and release chemicals , using your imagination is n't as good . 
  not with a well educated society, 
  any reason you mentioned males ? 
  women rape too , your just peddling a social stereotype , good job !, 
  i bet if we ban porn altogether cases of rape will go up because those assholes do n't have a release . 
   the nspcc said a generation of children was at risk of being `` stripped of their childhoods '' through exposure to pornography at a young age . 
  this is from the country that had child labour around 100 years ago and sent children off to fight a world war . 
  i hate our stupid politicians , most of those fuckers watch porn themselves . 
  the sun is saying boris has been on top form for the last 2 weeks . 
   it is mostly a result of incompetent leadership . 
  governments try to keep their people out the loop , a dumb society is an easy to control society . 
  that 's why the media should keep the people informed and hold the government to account , the problem is the media does n't do that anymore . 
  you normally have people that want and agree with you so it 's easier to get what you want , you do n't always follow your aides and their advice , the president gets the final word . 
  however if you go against them too much they can probably make your job far more difficult and maybe try and get you out . 
  at that point why have a president if aides can do the job ? 
  at the end of the day he has the last say , he can only be advised so he can be exploited easily . 
  do n't you mean part of russia ? 
  british empire sounds scarier than the norman empire . 
  the former was feared around the world for centuries , the latter ... about 2 weeks in comparison, 
  technically a president is just a king with power without the title and is voted for . 
  the french monarchs where a pain in the ass whole controlled everything , the british monarch does n't and i bet even the french like old liz . 
  and why is that ? 
  usa in yellow , shows over 50 % but says 5.7 , uk is 10 % but smaller than the usa chunk ... 
  the fuck is going on with the pie graph ? 
   as did remainers . 
  did the economy collapse immediately ? 
  not sure where this came from but lets be honest , you hear nothing but `` see we are fine and people said our economy would collapse if we voted to leave '' ... we have n't left yet so of course not much will change . 
  i asked my mum to watch a 30min video of a guy who studied eu law for 15 years and because he said he did interviews on the remainers side ( he said he was a remainer too for transparancy ) and for the bbc she said `` he was paid by those 2 so i do n't believe anything he says . '', 
  basically because both organizations got an expert to give their opinion ( you know the thing people say they should have done more of ) should be ignored . 
  came from the romans actually britain was named after the abundance of tin on the island . 
  controlling the world you mean , europe would have fallen under the french armies , then the royal navy with the newly incorporated french ships would be able to sail the british and french armies anywhere . 
  the british army while small was still a powerful enough force to stand up to french armies of equal size . 
  britain controlled 1/4 of the earths landmass , peoples and unrivaled control of the sea 's and oceans . 
  combined with france the world would be under british rule right now . 
  england and scotland still give each other shit 300 years later  brothers fight regardless of what binds you . 
  rivals make powerful allies , they understand and respect each others strengths , they know each others weaknesses and can cover them when working together . 
  you pick them as your rival because you see them as equals worthy of your admiration and respect because it makes you look powerful in return . 
  you do n't have a country like britain calling iceland a rival because it would make britain look weak . 
  chances are the monarch would be retained since it 's the greatest family in the world and everybody knows how powerful the british monarchy is on the world stage . 
  i guess the bbc did absolutely nothing ? 
  it would be nice if france and the uk did merge , unlike my mother and other people over here , i like france , they are powerful allies and i know they like us too , they often ask why the uk hates them when they read out papers despite them liking us . 
  oh well , one day frenchies we can be union bro 's . 
  #theunitedkingdoms of greatbritainfranceandn.ireland, 
  us is closest geographically , the uk is closer politically . 
  pretty much all english speaking former colonies see the uk as it 's primary ally , the other 4 are fighting for 2nd place . 
   really reveals how remainers know absolutely fuck-all in regards to eu law i am a remainer and i knew about this ... do n't try and make all remainers look stupid , chances are if you voted remain you know enough to know it 's a bad idea to leave . 
  leavers believed lies . 
   one of the big reasons we wanted ceta is to have lower tariffs on trade with the uk , interesting , why is trade with the uk just a big enough reason to go through with a free trade with the eu ? 
  i know we have ties and such but i am unsure as to why britain would be equal to 26 other countries in importance . 
  dragons ca n't shoot fire under water , whales can shoot water in the air . 
  whales  dragons .
