  though to be fair , she is advocating genocide ... 
  i remember that ... 
  it literally sucks to be a male here . 
  complimenting a girl = sex offender . 
  i heard a story where a child wanted to hug his teacher ( female teacher ) and said she was pretty the kid was put on the sex offenders register . 
  ca n't remember if that was the uk or usa though . 
  yea people keep saying its a growing problem . 
  the truth is , it 's not , it 's just now with 24/7 news from around the globe and people getting caught in larger numbers and we can see where they live that makes things look worse than they are . 
  i see you are not going to have a civil discussion . 
  do n't you have anything better to do than troll ? 
  believe me , i am not the only person who thinks this and some are women as well . 
  hell a female manager once said to me `` your a man , move that stuff in the back for me '' . 
  so do me a favour and either argue your case or stop replying . 
  our brains are wired differently , men on average are stronger than women and women are more suited to looking after children and have better social skills . 
  to think we are `` equal '' is ridiculous because we are far from it . 
  equality is a utopian dream like world peace and no more world hunger/poverty . 
  we are not a 1 size fits all species , it 's been that way since the dawn of man , only in the last 100 years has that been challenged . 
  there is a reason some professions are dominated by either gender , because that gender is typically far more adept at the task than the other , it 's not sexist , it 's using that person to their fullest biological potential, 
  mate i agree that women are better than men in some cases and vise-versa but its now sexist to accept our biologically differences and pretend that we can do the same things equally as good . 
  but hey , what do i know , i 'm a man . 
  got a girl who is basically up in your face and is aggressive sometimes , everybody complains about her . 
  a woman i know tried to talk to her instead of talking to the boss and all the girl said was `` im being held back by men in this job '' even though she started like months before . 
  yet the woman she was talking to was in a higher position than most of the men ... . so ... work that one out . 
  had one guy in the uk who opened a nursery and mothers would tell people not to go to it because a guy who wants to open a nursery is a paedophile . 
  yea that is n't a joke . 
  we beat france this year ( they came last with us 2nd to last ) and every brit cheered like we won . 
  do n't know why you was down voted for talking about the better sport . 
  rugby league 's england team is far better than it 's union counter part and nearly beat nz and australia on their home turf . 
  but never in the news , because how dare we show up union, 
  still british workers and owned . 
  bae systems among the best military manufacturers on earth , ca n't hurt you too much to give us some credit does it ? 
  subsidiary does n't mean american , just paid for by . 
  we are delightfully complicated and simple it makes others scratch their heads . 
  that 's britain in a nutshell, 
  send in the mary corps, 
  you 'll rescue them ? 
  cool . 
  * tells the rn to stand down . 
  * all yours pal . 
  britain has more soft power than the states , though to be fair it keeps switching . 
  most people are getting sick of the hard power of the states . 
  it 's weird , this is n't said as much as you would think it would . 
  we get a christmas tree from norway as a thank you for protecting the royal family during the war . 
  but nobody ever really says `` just once , maybe we should thank the british for hanging in there '' . 
  it may change a lot of people 's opinions of europe . 
  i remember it was in an brexit opinion piece of a spanish journalist saying `` we should go to bed thinking and thanking that small island in the atlantic for fighting for our freedom '' . 
   as a nation you do not see yourself as a failed country . 
  who said anything about a failed country ? 
  is it wrong to strive to be better ? 
  arrogance comes from the belief that you are the best and you ca n't get better ( the united states comes to mind ... until recently ) britain has always prided itself on being a world leader and world beater however we still understand in this world there is no resting and we keep working hard . 
  do n't confuse pride with arrogance , we are prideful yes and yea we might throw in a couple of things about the war but lets be honest , if it was n't for the uk and it 's empire , germany would have won we should be allowed to boast a little among our friends . 
  but the parties do n't represent the people , some posh toffs who openly love the uk and what not is pretty much opposite to the people who call their own town shit . 
  the author of the book `` shittest towns in britain '' had to do a sequel because people where annoyed their towns where not in it !, 
  while i agree that 's not how this works xd it 's either united kingdom or great britain . 
  you ca n't just shorten it like that xd, 
  uk would be at the bottom or somewhere around there if account sign ups have me believe . 
  britain and portugal are way too op , there are other examples like this . 
  the team was banned from competing together after ww1 due to germany crying foul . 
  that 's why we had a tad more trouble in ww2, 
  am i right they drank you under the table ? 
  we have that reputation . 
  just goes to show how similar our 2 nations are despite the 1000 year rivalry . 
  you did n't grasp what i said , oh well , nevermind . 
  because if they do n't they get sent to camps , like you said , they privately shit over it , not publicly like we do . 
  we put spices in soup and made curry . 
  joke ---------  you -------- , 
  we are the odd ball nation that makes random stuff work somehow and leaves the world left scratching its head . 
  the trick is to ... ... and that 's how you become as advanced and powerful as us . 
  curry is a british invention , the spices came from india so india stole it and are now known for it . 
  ah on the contrary we would just calmly smack her until she ends up in hospital . 
  more wobbly than stiff huh ? 
  romanians where banned for years , but we did have a huge anti-polish thing until the ban was being lifted , then it turned to focus on you guys . 
  the british have and always will undervalue ourselves . 
  i read something a few years ago about this on the bbc , it 's suggested that because we look at our own nation so negatively we continue to strive to improve it . 
  it 's never good enough though so we keep trying . 
  sounds accurate . 
  yes , wait , fuck , shush . 
  nobody shall learn about the great british galatic empire . . 
  the idiots who voted leave do n't like you . 
  i have no opinion to be honest since all i hear is bad stuff spun by the media . 
  grass is always greener , we could be american . 
   uk please do n't take this as an invitation to actually split the world in half ... shit ... alright guys , we have to shelve this plan ... what dya mean where do you hide the machine ? 
  hide it in the sewer or something . 
   perhaps today is the day to do so , we need positivity , so you wan na keep the miserable , pessimistic islanders around ? 
  it 's up to ireland , sweden and switzerland to say no and block it then , otherwise if they agree to it then they agree not be neutral . 
   could ireland the country who stayed neutral but it 's citizens joined the british military in huge numbers ? 
  but to answer your question , no they wo n't be able to anymore , it 'll be like britain declaring war and wales saying it 's neutral , ai n't happening . 
  no , think the united states military . 
  instead of 50 different state militaries , there is 1 military 50 states fund . 
  the un has peace keepers , basically a military made up forces from every nation on earth . 
  the eu military however is a stupid idea even though it would probably work the same way ? 
  you have 5 nations decide if war should be declared or not in the un , in the eu you will have 27 nations working that out . 
  who exactly has this power ? 
  the eu will still be held back by the un anyway . 
  the eu needs a military to become what it wants to be , a global power for good . 
  this small continent has the most battle hardened nations on earth , europe was forged in war , this needs to happen . 
  yes i am british but i do n't fear europe at all , we need to be in the eu and working these things out along side them . 
  our ex generals and admirals talk about a eu army being dangerous for the uk but all that tells me is they do n't see the eu as allies , you do n't fear your allies . 
  a german politician said a eu military without britain is like a knife without a blade . 
  we are the biggest military power in europe and a nuclear power at that , of course they want us .
