  how hard is this to understand ? 
  if you get 100 % of the parliament to agree then are you still going to tell me they go `` even though we agree , it 's impossible to change it ... lets go drink '' ? 
  so the sterling is unstable because some people are wary of a variation of their currency from another part of the country/world despite most places accept it as legal tender . 
  right . 
  by making friends in the block and work to get them voting in the same direction as us . 
  the more allies we have backing us the stronger we are . 
  even you should know that considering it 's in the news all the time about cameron looking for allies . 
  shops in england can turn down scottish pound notes if they choose because of fear of a forgery since we do n't deal with them often enough to notice . 
  you 'll find some scottish folk asking shop owners if they take scottish notes for that reason hell some people wo n't receive a note from scotland as part of their change in some cases . 
  it 's not because it 's not legal tender , but because they are wary of being scammed . 
  ( i worked at the grand national , tried to give a # 5 note from scotland as change and got told the guy did n't want it despite the fact we check every note , so i gave him an english one ), 
  because nothing is impossible ? 
  you realize treaties can be remade right ? 
  by starting to give a shit and actually trying to fix the eu and integrating ? 
  i do n't mean like `` ok we vote in , we 'll adopt the euro now '' but with the understanding that if things change then we 'll start integrating more rather than pull away . 
  we will adopt the euro and join the eu superstate ... the question is will it be one where we accept the terms made without us or with us . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  a shop can take what ever currency they choose at their own discretion . 
  my shop does n't take euro 's but we 'll take sterling from scotland and i assume n.ireland ( never got one tho ) . 
  so blame the shop owner , does n't mean the currency is unstable because it 's exactly the same but a different name , big woop . 
  erm , we just game out of a world war , our economy was destroyed , the empire was collapsing and our economy was also in the middle of modernizing . 
  ( the north of england is still in the middle of transitioning ) 50 year 's later economies failed because banks where dumb and the euro could n't handle the crash that came with it . 
  completely opposite situations . 
   it 's unreformable erm ... what ? 
  that 's just an outright lie . 
  anyway you still compete with 500 million people , everybody has an equal chance to come here to work or study so that 's a bad argument too . 
   people in remain say need to stay to be influential and relevant , but at the same time think we 're big enough to reform the eu i avoid this argument because it 's clearly a minefield , we 'll still be influential outside of the eu but not as influential as we would be inside it . 
  south korea and russia ( or was it serbia . ), 
  for starters , so yes . 
  top gear ( 1977 tv series ) , original uk series ( 1977 -- 2001 ) top gear ( 2002 tv series ) , new format uk series ( since 2002 ) top gear australia , australian adaptation of the uk series top gear france , french adaption of the uk series top gear korea , korean adaptation of the uk series top gear russia , russian adaptation of the uk series top gear ( u.s. tv series ) , u.s. adaptation of the uk series top gear ( chinese tv series ) , chinese adaptation of the uk series top gear italy , italian adaptation of the uk series top gear ( magazine ) , magazine based on the uk series, 
  50 years ago ... what does that have to do with the uk during the euro crisis ? 
   percentages are best to describe it best way yes ... does n't mean it 's accurate . 
  if you say something doubles it sounds impressive , if you learn the first number was ... for example 24 then doubling it to 48 is n't that amazing or concerning . 
  erm ... what ? 
  i forgot , it has nothing to do with a membership to a weaker less stable currency . 
  if the northern/western powerhouses exert their influence those in the east and south will change societal wise to try and get on equal footing with the stronger neighbours , it 's nothing new , it just takes time . 
  oh yea `` i '' was ireland ... i forgot my bad . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  are you ignoring all the regional variants of top gear ? 
  the voice ? 
  strictly come dancing ? 
  all of those are licensed to other countries as well as the uk version being watched in those countries too . 
  harry potter is also british , james bond , sherlock holmes . 
   how does that translate to political influence ? 
  if you like a country and what it does then chances are you 'll listen to what they have to say and may find yourself agreeing with them . 
  like listening to your best friend , you have the same interests and you 'll probably go along with them . 
  sounds daft but it 's true . 
   germans dictate finance for the eurozone . 
  that should be us being the financial capital of the world , also germany is a reluctant leader , why would n't it share the power with the next biggest nation in europe ? 
  i did n't address your issue because i did n't see the point with you pointing our the pig thing , i figured if you was n't going to be serious then what was the point ? 
  anyway there is no term limit but cameron is leaving voluntary on after his 3rd term ( 2019-2020 i forgot ) so i figured if you knew the pig story you may have known that information too , i made an assumption , sorry . 
  i do n't think cameron has been good in europe , he has blocked things many people in the uk would have liked to have been adopted in the uk from europe such as limiting bankers bonuses and blocking attempted tariffs on chinese steel then complaining about it later . 
  i do n't think anybody in uk politics right now will be good for the uk nevermind europe , it 's the worst pick we have ever had , they are all rotten apples . 
  so it sucks to be us for a while , i even plan on not voting in the general election if the candidates are corbyn for labour and either may , gove or osborne in the tory party . 
  they are all crap . 
  then why was it included in the pigs thing ? 
  3 of them are since 2 of them are my parents , it would be weird otherwise . 
  ask the yanks how they feel about doctor who . 
  hell the uk is one of the biggest media exporting on earth and all you are saying is `` im not sure anybody actually likes your stuff '' . 
  are you serious ?? 
  fucking top gear for starters !, 
  wait nvm i misread, 
   how influential is your dead-pig loving leader on the eu again ? 
  right ok , i was expecting a reasonable discussion but clearly that ai n't happening . 
  also if you know that you 'll know he wo n't stay after the 3rd term ... being a country with it 's own pm you should know how this works . 
  so , you think even if we tried we would be stuck like italy ? 
  a country who ended up in debt and needing bail outs ... compared to the uk who did n't ? 
  i admire our history and we still celebrate it but it 's our culture , our royals keep that alive , i have no issues with it at all . 
  but as you say people seem to see it with rose tinted glasses and little information on the past so are ignorant . 
  it 's quite sad really . 
  switzerland ? 
  not sure about that , we normally look at norway which is just a horrible role model tbh . 
  the uk is far more powerful and influential so we need to put that to good use , we need to throw our weight around if we want the eu to be successful . 
  i 'll let you in on the most common argument i hear when talking about the eu ... it happened with both parents yesterday ... `` all these immigrants coming over here ... . . no control of our borders ... blah , blah , blah '' . 
  seriously this whole thing is about fucking immigration . 
  it 's not even a big of a concern as people make it out to be , most immigrants are tax payers and we are not in shengan so we still control our borders . 
  so with your example with the nhs , people seem to think it always existed so why ca n't it exist in the future , is that what you mean ? 
  but yea i agree people seemed to think `` we did well on our own why ca n't we do it now ? 
  '' ... seemingly ignoring economic depression after ww2 ( rationing only ending in 1954 ) and still have major connections to the commonwealth and america and still bankrupt until joining the european common market . 
  english being the largest 2nd language in europe , our political influence , our entertainment exports . 
  a lot of countries in europe like the uk and what it produces and does , it holds a lot of sway with it 's soft power . 
  more like we are more willing to relax our regulations with you , the eu wants to keep tough regulations which i wholely agree with . 
  i am seeing some not so awesome stuff from the ttip from the american side , the eu blocked china for low standards so the same should go for the usa too . 
  just my honest opinion . 
  as if britain and france would germany take control after 2 world wars ... . well shit . 
  on a more serious note , why not ? 
  cultural influence goes a long way and germany does n't want the lead role either . 
  it might be because i just woke up but ... care to repeat that ? 
  i could n't understand it :(, 
  who paid for it ? 
  making a deal with 1 nation than a group of 28 is easier ? 
  my god , i would never have guessed / s, 
  switch the roles , you would laugh in our face ... so expect us to do the same . 
  nobody over here listens to the american 's , did n't you see the brits on here telling obama to fuck off ? 
   you 'll never get your empire back , you 'll end being in position of the one taiwan has in relations with china , if eu is there to stay . 
  not sure while people think `` brits want their empire back '' what people want is what we had during the empire without the actual empire . 
  it 's a load of rubbish tbh . 
  i found out yesterday out of 5 of us in my family im the only one who wants to vote to stay . 
  or take charge and run europe . 
  putting bombs in a school playground or under police cars or in other civilian area 's is not fighting for peace .
