  to think , he wrote that ... but easter egg makers have stopped calling them easter eggs so they do n't offend people . 
  those people will vote for anything as long as it 's for scotland . 
  just so you know ... my comment was also a brand of butter in the uk . 
   also your stuff looks like it came from the 1950 's or something . 
  nothing wrong with respecting the opposition even if they broke you nose , as long as it was n't a dirty fight . 
  besides in sports like rugby , adrenaline is pumping , frustration on the losing side builds ( or taunting takes its toll ) mixed together and a fight breaks out . 
  it 's emotions during the game and a level head and a beer after . 
  looking it up your right , could of swore i read what i put during the revolution there though . 
  hmm, 
   my 50 + parents why do you have so many parents ? 
  ca n't believe it 's not butter tbh, 
  your guy sponsored terrorist attacks on the uk ... so much better . 
   libya on the us yes because you idiots put gaddafi in power after a coup that overthrew the guy the uk put in power . 
  i talking more along the lines of irish oppression from the british stopped in 1922 so it 's been around 90 years since heavy surveillance . 
  1970 + probably was n't as strict as `` irish can not dance '' crap that you guys endured :( but i was mostly joking not being saracastic or anything , i love the irish ( grandad was from the republic ) but i feel bad reading what my ancestors did to you . 
  still no excuse for the ira though , fuck those guys , putting bombs in schools is just pure evil . 
  you know you fucked up when the enemy completely flattens one of your cities to stop you . 
  only been 90 years and your having withdrawal symptoms ? 
  poor guy . 
  to be fair , dresden was completely flattened . 
  are you not in the east ? 
  are you not further east than poland ( saw a picture and apparently not ) ? 
  uk is in the west ( economically and politically ) but in the north geographically . 
  i was using the country 's geographic location not political . 
  no reason to get butt hurt . 
  called sex ? 
  wtf eastern europe ? 
  a few years ago the tradford center in manchester had sas soldiers walking around at christmas time because of talks of an attack . 
  they are not openly on the streets in uniform , they wear civilian clothing . 
  i find the argument that britain and france wo n't hand over their military to brussels a little silly . 
  i mean , we have had eu operations , we have soldiers fighting for the un and nato as well as taking orders from the usa . 
  also im pretty sure france and britain can argue that they have joint command over any european military force considering they are the major military powers of europe . 
  also lets not forget that even if they make a seperate one , it 's up to people in the member states to join it and not the national military , the government has no right to say who can or can not join such a force . 
  after all in the uk anybody in the commonwealth can fight for britain , a lot of irish do for example , it 's rather dumb for us to say `` who would want to fight for a foreign undemacatilly elected head of state ? '', 
  the ira was totally because we have no borders with ireland . 
  / s seriously though if we can put up with that and not want to put borders up , or accept that bombs on planes means borders wo n't stop terrorist attacks anyway then we wo n't leave the eu because of this . 
  well ... if anybody has a brain than is . 
  ... the french and british are softies ? 
  fuck no . 
  tell them they can shop on sundays , they 'll strike tomorrow . 
  oh let em keep it , just send em the form , let them fill it in and then agree it to it . 
  i do n't see the problem here . 
  erm , no ? 
  it was in response to `` world-changing events '' and that not all changes will end up peacefully . 
  which is dumb . 
  people wanting immigration lower but do n't care about their rights or economic well being are going to destroy the country . 
  i guess i got confused ... which one had a war ? 
  i said it in the context that anything could happen with world changing events . 
  a country leaving a union of any kind could do anything , it could be peaceful ... or it could be czechoslovakia, 
  argentina is a good candidate , they might feel safe to invade the falklands again . 
  the collapse of the uk could lead to a war . 
  some one in the comments saying nobody on the street cares about the economic argument ... people wanting out have no brains do they ? 
  they would rather have less money and opportunity so their government can continue to erode their rights and raise taxes that gives them less money and opportunity . 
  aggressive politically and aggressive militarily are 2 different things . 
   are we about to become the next iraq ? 
  you are a nato member , if you get kicked out then sure expect an invasion , but that wo n't happen . 
  have you not seen the people in hong kong flying the islands old colonial flag when demonstrating ? 
  have you not seen in the news a few years ago that the majority of jamaica want to be under british rule again ? 
  the president refused to allow a referendum on it and said he would only accept a jamaican queen not the british one . 
   people actually long to the fine days where they were ruled by the french  ca n't say the same thing about former british colonies , those poor lads . 
  you wot mate ? 
  hong kong and jamaica want us back . 
  no im just saying nations of different languages , cultures and other things have been in unions before . 
  depends on the country , most countries where mostly peaceful . . 
  oh i know , i was making a joke . 
   unless you do bad things with your naughty parts with the wrong people anybody over 16 ? 
  or did i get that wrong ? 
  im not catholic so i do n't know . 
  erm , pretty sure you ca n't fly the confederate flag . . 
  ours is called the magna carta made by men and survived 800 years and used as the ground work for human rights . 
  those same `` god '' given rights came from the magna carta . 
  funny how that turned out . 
  the papers are meant to match the society so scottish views are different to welsh ones for example so the papers are edited to suit . 
  this is from the country that invades nations on a whim and tells others what to do ... 
  right . 
  case in point telling britain to stay in the eu for america 's interests . 
  i give up , i swear they keep changing the damn name . 
  one is verbal one is taking a life ... 
  totally different . 
  context plays a large role . 
  i 'm gon na kill you . 
  now i said that i wo n't be subject to legal consequences . 
  it would be taken seriously if i was stood face to face with you , but people get arrested for saying it online . 
  erm ... yes ? 
  not sure why this comes as such a surprise , the whole planet was racist at some point , we have been separating ourselves using small differences since the dawn of man . 
  so how is this so hard to grasp ? 
  you have never seen a news report with a black guy as the criminal and gone `` no surprise there then '' at least once ? 
  a thought is much different to an urge . 
  people think about suicide or killing another person and it 's 100 % normal , a small number of the overall population get the urge to do something like that and even fewer go through with it . 
  people make racist jokes or homophobic jokes , does n't make em racist or homophobic or sexist but everybody thinks the same things , it does n't make you a bad person it makes you normal . 
  you rustled nothing , 
  that is n't the only racist thing you can say ... 
  but yes that is something you can say , you 'll be looked down on but you wo n't be arrested or anything because it causes no harm to anybody . 
  well yes . 
  not a single person on earth besides a child who has n't been introduced to racism yet ( taught or been on the other side of ) can say they have n't had a racist thought at least once in their lives . 
  it 's normal . 
  it 's not the smartest thing in the world but i can give you a death threat right now and i wo n't be punished . 
  context is key . 
  aka we do n't know how the fuck to deal with the internet so if somebody does n't like it , we 'll arrest them and work it out later . 
  everybody has racist thoughts at some point and saying something racist like `` black people are monkeys '' ( scientifically accurate since humans are just intelligent apes ) is actually fine .
