  china wo n't do anything . 
  the first industrial power stops using coal is pretty big news , we started that love affair . 
  the eu is protecting our rights far more than our current government , in fact we have less rights if we leave because our government will be able to take them away without anybody stopping them . 
  im sorry but there is a clear bias in that ...  the eu will continue to stretch its tentacles wider and deeper into every nook and cranny of national life . 
  painting the eu like a monster is a good way to convince people to leave and of course the eu budget will increase by either having more members or member states economies growing so they increase the membership cost . 
  ( 1 of those is n't a big deal but lets hide that fact ) . 
   second , if most of the rest of the eu moves towards full fiscal and political union to make the euro work , it is going to be very uncomfortable for the uk to be inside the eu but outside that bloc . 
  whatever difficulties we have had over recent years in making our voice heard in brussels are bound to get worse . 
  it 's making the assumption that the uk will never ever join the eu even if we choose to stay . 
   third , the eu is likely to fall in relative importance in the world . 
  just what ? 
  a super power and economic super power falling in importance because of what exactly ? 
  the eu will be more powerful than the united states and china when it unites completely so that 's a load of crap . 
  also the idea that the uk will stay in relevance in a world the eu is n't relevant is also laughable . 
  considering most immigrants are tax payers we would lose out economically . 
  they do jobs most of us do n't want to or are trained in specialized fields that most of us can not do . 
  people seem to think of immigrants as poor and do n't want to integrate , i do n't know what we call people from other countries coming over here to work in on our space projects or in our labs so it 's a load of bias bullshit . 
  even the government admitted it when it said it wants any non brits earning less than # 30,000 to leave but with the exception of nhs staff and phd holders . 
  nothing wrong with concerns , but it 's the whole reason for brexit . 
  everyone i talk to it 's `` immigration '' and the truth is , immigration is not even a huge problem . 
  this whole brexit thing is about immigration for most people and it 's ridiculous . 
  we did it when it was cool . 
  did i say we where the rivals to the normans ? 
  rivals suggest equals ... being conquered means you are no longer equals or much of a threat, 
  rome and carthage where rivals but that stopped after rome conquered it . 
  rival 's compete , you ca n't compete if you united . 
  not exactly a rivalry when you got annexed by that rival . 
  france and britain/england have been rivals for around 1000 years, 
   it wo n't destroy the ue what 's it got ta do with the united emirates ? 
  worlds longest rivialry britain and france worlds longest alliance britain and portugal . 
  to be fair we teamed up with more than just the dutch to fuck the french , about 7 times ( those coalitions just kept failing ), 
   not like the french and brits we have banter , the french do n't understand . 
  and no war has ever sparked because of treaties amongst friends right ? 
  then he should specify that really than being obscure, 
  also ... also ... also what !!!, 
  come on !!, 
  you ca n't end it there !!, 
  * panics, 
   and uk does n't even have decent planes . 
  erm , lets see ... no f-35 's in the uk and we have typhoons which are superior to anything the usa has ... yea we 'll win . 
  you seem to ignore this idea that the national militarizes out number the american forces in europe , they 'll be quickly surrounded and they 'll surrender or they 'll be attacked into submission . 
  the american 's will have to wait a few days for their carriers to reach europe , which the european navy would hold off or somehow destroy the carriers meaning no air force to protect the fleet = european air superiority . 
   scandinavia gets frightened if a russian sub gets too close erm ... who the hell does n't ? 
  we asked france to help us look for a sub for crying out loud !!, 
  people forget the strength of european nations , they caused 2 world wars !, 
  i recall hearing the ttip would have protection for the nhs and the eu said it would ... 
  i hope it 's one of those things that does n't need to be said and is just expected ? 
  so you are admitting that america is causing these issues and then become hypocrites when the favour is returned . 
  erm , europe is bigger and stronger than the usa ... just not united like they are . 
  oh that commonwealth ... i dunno what you are talking about :p, 
  it 's europe , the commonwealth spans the globe , 
  1 foot 77 inches seems frighteningly low . . 
  sorry not super city , but [ smart city ] ( http://www.london.gov.uk/sites/default/files/smart_london_plan.pdf ) my bad, 
   created the internet , we built computers and made the internet as it exists today and 1 company arm has chips in most electronics around the world . 
  we are the only nation that competes with the usa on being technologically advance , hell london is being turned into a super city , the usa does n't have one that i know of . 
  free trade is fine , if it 's at the cost of good quality and other things that we have to protect us and the food we eat in the name of profit then it 's a problem . 
  and ... . . we have people in the uk saying we need to start learning madarin so we can do business with china in the future . 
  lets ignore the 1 billion chinese people who have english as a 2nd language shall we ? 
  hell not even all of china speak mandarin , some speak cantonese , if they ca n't unify their language why should we start learning it ? 
  there is some truth so the immigration thing which is why so many nations accept workers from other countries , you know ... the thing the eu is doing for free movement of workers , but lets ignore that because muslims . 
  to be fair ... we have double the population so having a number double of the usa is roughly right . 
  o.o what kinda of monster are you to think of that concoction ? 
  spanish google must show something better because i got a whole lot of nothing . 
  pictures of random women and 1 nsfw pic that was censored . 
  erm , are you being sarcastic ? 
  so ... when is merkel being kicked out of the government ? 
  she seems to have gone insane . 
  because if that was how we thought centuries ago we would n't have ended up with the magna carta and probably as a dictatorship . 
  to be normal people and integrate with the community , instead they seal themselves off from everybody , they start fights , they steal , they sexually assault and just being a nuisance , nobody likes them . 
  i have n't heard anything nice about gypsies/roma families over here ... i know there are groups out there that do n't do the above but i do n't know if they are the minority or the majority . 
  i was n't sure what basques where , i googled it ... i got women in sexy lingerie , i am glad i was ignorant on this matter now if you do n't mind , i have some ... research to attend to . 
  pretty much thieves and violent in the uk, 
   yeah , a degree . 
  from 71 years ago . 
  does the degree have an expiration date on it ? 
  surely if he 's stayed in the loop for 71 years then that still holds up right ? 
   read out what other people have written for him . 
  welcome to school . 
  what did you learn ? 
  a fair bit i imagine . 
  im not doubting you but that comment was silly . 
   like jeremy clarkson , where clarkson likes to claim he 's the world foremost expert on engineering except when he was on have i got news for you at one point he even admitted he has no idea what half of it means . 
  he 's still very intelligent on that kind of stuff but he clearly knows he does n't know everything . 
  wait living people ... misread . 
  nobody listens to the kid screaming at the back of the classroom mate . 
  scotland and n.ireland have their own version because they demanded it and the bank of england accepted because it was still gbp with a different look and stopped any hostilities , a few years ago birmingham was testing it 's own birmingham pound which i find completely stupid but i think it failed i dunno . 
  the fact of the matter is , we have sterling all over the world , gilbraltor , falklands , channel islands so with all the different versions it 's going to make sense that we going to be cautious as a business to what we take . 
  to stop the confusion next time just go to a bank and ask them to change them to more common used notes . 
  after all i can use my money around the uk and nobody 2nd guesses , it 's just the other way around because there is less of them in england . 
  while i agree with the superior thing since germany did what it did with the mind set of they are superior than everybody else ... the white man feeling superior to the black man and all that . 
  some times you have to admit that somebody else is just simply better than you . 
  for example the biggest proof of this is looking at south america and north america . 
  the british built 2 of the most successful nations in the world while below you have what ? 
  5-6 different nations of which only 1 is rich built by spain and portugal . 
  france , germany and britain are powerful because they did a lot of things correctly , when the iron wall came down eastern europe quickly headed to democracy and trade and are benefiting from it . 
  the north and western nations are liberal in a lot of ways the eastern and southern are not , but that 's a society thing and largely opinion so i can not say that is right or wrong . 
  ( i also admit we are going to the extreme in some cases of liberalism ) i hope you get my point even if it was n't very clear :(, 
  he had a more ... personal touch to our exports . 
  we are the only ones strong enough to stop it though . 
  talk with other countries , find out if you can get enough countries to back your proposal , get it pushed through by a majority vote .
