  then the revolution started , the straw that broke the camel 's back if you will . 
  maybe they celebrate the win rather than the rise of napoleon ? 
  and because we like portugal , longest enduring alliance in history has it 's benefits . 
  here is a hint and this came from a spanish guy . 
  british foreign policy historically has been on of keeping the status quo on the european continent , we have gone to war with you guys quite a few times , namely france , spain and germany . 
  now britain once ruled 1/4 of the world is was the global power , after ww2 we gave up everything , the empire that was built over 500 years was dismantled in 60 years , we resentfully asked to join the eec only to be told no at least twice by france 's de gaulle . 
  so try and picture a global power suddenly lose everything , a nation who was used to being at the head of the negotiating table suddenly giving up it 's own power to join a union which decided to humiliate it before allowing it to join . 
  the whole situation was a lose-lose scenario for us , you can use the term `` we lost everything and came begging '' if you want to understand the situation . 
  would you be happy if that happened to your country ? 
  probably not . 
  if it makes you feel any better i do n't like seeing you guys in this situation . 
  to be fair we help other world cup teams by letting their players play in our competitions to get better . 
  so with that in mind , with the uk being one of the big 3 , despite not being in the euro i do feel the uk should have more sway in what happens , clearly germany and france are not quite up to the task for them the whole thing is an echo chamber , a 3rd counter voice is always better than 2 that agree or ca n't decide on something . 
  to be fair , the uk has been dragging wales and n.ireland along for a couple of decades now , we are not ones to turn our nose up at a country in need . 
  ( hell until we found the oil in the north sea you can add scotland to the list , england has been keeping them all going ) we are just aware that certain things need to be in place in order for our help to work , it 's why ireland got # 30 billion from us , because we are friends and the situation was good enough for it to have an impact . 
  greece has it 's head sticking out the quick sand , it ca n't hold on , unless it accepts its fate and leave the eu there is no favourable situation for the uk to willingly step in and help . 
  the point is we said no from the start , even then other eu officials decided to drag britain into the bail-out talks without having anybody in britain there and where warned we would say no . 
  it 's not the amount of money we are pissed about , # 1 billion is nothing in regards to our economy but the fact the deal was made behind our backs and now they demand money is what is pissing us off . 
  you talk about democracy , will of the king ( we have a queen but whatever , the uk is n't the only eu nation with a monarchy btw ) yet you say the bail-out that had no british side to it saying britain should help pay . 
  that 's pretty damn undemocratic to force a country to pay for something without having a say in it . 
  so the only thing that will stop britain paying ( except britain itself ) would be about 5 countries standing up and saying `` what the fuck do you think your doing ? 
  they was n't at the talks we said they would n't be interested , so leave them out of this '' . 
  not quite , your the one calling people neofacists , im giving you the truth . 
  what 's up ? 
  do n't you like the truth ? 
  just to say , if the eu capital was in britain we would have probably avoided this whole mess . 
  i mean like you said we owned 1/4 of the world , you tend to learn a thing or 2 about running multiple countries , systems and cultures ... . the uk still has the most allies in the world and is well respected thanks to the legacy of the empire . 
  but instead the power given to some random nobody in brussels and a parliament has no experience running a mutlicultural/national organization . 
  and considering the uk is the most successful political and monetary in history i feel we are in a good position to at least me listened to instead of being told to buzz off because we are not interested . 
  we are not interested because you wo n't listen to some one who knows how to run an organization like that . 
  ( britain is also at the head of nato and the commonwealth all bigger than the eu . ), 
  still the fastest growing economy in europe , also gdp means very little if you have the same amount of money in your economy but higher population the numbers will go down . 
  not a great indicator of an economy , it 's one of many indicators to work it out so do n't use it as a single accurate way . 
  no clue but they are not the financial capital of the world atm , london and nyc keep switching spots , london is number 1 atm . 
  lets be honest here mate , if there is one country in the world that knows how to work an economy and manage large amounts of money , debt and risk its britain and london . 
  if you got the financial capital of the world saying `` no seriously that is n't going to work , there is massive risk with potentially no reward '' then you should bloody well listen . 
  even junker is scared of london because of it 's banks , he says the city could tear the eu to bits if it wanted to , we do n't want to see the project fail , we just do n't want to be dragged into a mess we avoided in the first place . 
  why is britain the one who wanted nothing to do with the euro or ever closer union always the one the eu comes crying to for help and then wonder why we do n't want to get involved ? 
  i am aware of the budget and most people actually agree with the new budget ... unless you get those benefits and do n't deserve them , then they are up in arms . 
  anyway , greece lied to get into the euro , britain secured a veto to stay out of it . 
  we have pretty much fixed our economy , we are in a better position now and suddenly we have the eu on our doorstep demanding money from us because they worked out a deal with greece that the uk was n't a part of . 
  it 's like promising somebody we will give you money and then robbing a bank to keep the promise . 
  not cool man . 
  oh and the `` others '' are not trying help , it 's all political the bigger countries want their money back , the smaller ones want the eu to stick together because they benefit massively from the union . 
  the uk is just sat on the outside with a functioning economy , a powerful currency and watching the show from the side lines , we refuse to be dragged into this mess to allow brussels and merkal save face . 
  despite the past , we are pals , ca n't let our buddy down now can we ? 
  we do n't hate greece , your government tricked the people and everybody in europe it was ready to join and caused this disaster . 
  ca n't blame the people , only the government and now the eu is making this vastly worse . 
  the eu opted out of the euro and kept our currency which is stronger than the euro . 
  if we opt out the club why should we pay to save a member who does n't deserve to be in it in the first place ? 
  what the eu is saying is `` we do n't care if you are in the euro or not , your helping fix our mistake '' . 
  the uk will happily join the eu and euro as long as it works , but from the outside it looks like a disaster , one we managed to avoid and to try and clear our smug faces you demand we bail you out . 
  now listen i am pro-eu will vote to stay in the eu but stop treating the uk like it joined the euro and demanding we help , you do n't make any friends and just pisses off 60 million people . 
  also lower social benefits ? 
  we are one of the biggest and most socialist country in the world compared to the majority of europe including germany and france , encryption law wo n't pass , and what country does n't have paedophile rings ? 
  you just need to find them . 
  talk about picking at straws . 
  erm you are aware ireland is out side schengen too right ? 
  so saying `` oh no we do n't '' while living in a country that fought against it is a tad silly . 
  just saying . 
  think about it , russia is aware that a war with a country will keep them out of nato and nato will not go to war with russia because of it . 
  so keeping the requirement to not be at war is actively helping russia rather than deterring them . 
  small population so the ratio is a little unbalanced . 
  we are often accused of trying to keep hold of our empire glory days , getting involved in wars and trying to act like we are better than everybody else . 
  the question is should we act our size instead of acting on the world stage . 
  or are we still a powerful and influential enough country that we should continue to act on the world stage . 
  keep in mind russia , usa , china , france are all in the un security council , france and uk got in because of their empire 's at the time , the others are powerful in size , economy , population . 
  ( basically powerful on their own without needing to absorb other nations ), 
  considering this thread was made because germany and most other nations are going to recognize some as genocide goes to show it 's not always black and white . 
  considering you say `` it looks like genocide , but because it was n't done with intent it is n't genocide '' . 
  that is the key ... intent . 
  was the deaths of those people intended ? 
  everybody agrees on that part as a key reasoning of what should be called genocide . 
  empires conquered , people leave their homes to find safer places to live ( sounds like africa and the middle east right now ) . 
  i have and never will say britain has done nothing wrong , i just refuse to accept that if it is n't officially considered genocide ( which is debated a lot by lawyers , courts , politicians and historians ) then it is n't . 
  so until they officially consider the acts of the british during the mau mau uprising genocide then i am going to say no it was n't . 
  a fact is a fact until proven wrong by another fact . 
  that 's how the world works . 
   i have n't offered a definition of ` genocide ' at all  i consider systematic torture , murder and gentrification to be genocide that 's what you said you considered genocide to be , so that is your definition of the word . 
  people where tortured , sometimes that torture ended in death , was it intentional ? 
  if you want information you want that person alive , but like you said torture is what you consider genocide . 
  since most of the planet trust the oxford english dictionary being the main source for the english speaking world for spelling and looking up definitions , here is what they have to say on the word  definition of genocide in english : noun [ mass noun ] the deliberate killing of a large group of people , especially those of a particular nation or ethnic group : a campaign of genocide . 
  on the gentrification side of things , mass population movement despite done with intent can still cause death or not cause death but infact could save lives so that 's a case by case basis ( since most countries do it right now with urban development ) and should not be considered a tool in genocide . 
  oregon trail is a prime example of that , people moved , people died , people made it to their destination ... a bit like slavery which is n't considered genocide btw ... or the english sending the pilgrims to the america 's . 
  oh and i never asked if you considered a single murder was genocide i said mass murder . 
  to be fair , they where getting shot down so chances are we used the ones you ordered to fight xd sorry about that . 
  normans ... not french . 
  game has different interpretations because of context , you can have fun playing a game or go out shooting game , different context means a different use of a word . 
  genocide has one context the mass slaughter of a group of people with the intent to wipe out that group of people . 
  for your side note question , if the people that killed those groups killed them with the intent to wipe them out then yes its genocide . 
  like i said your definition can be made on the basis that every single war , every battle , every mass shooting ( which by definition is more than 1 person apparently ) then every time 1 person kills more than 1 person at a time they are committing genocide . 
  i mean think about it , manslaughter is n't murder , one is done with intent and one is n't so you get different punishment based on which one you are found guilty of , if our law can split the difference why ca n't genocide be just 1 strict definition ? 
  are you saying if you kill somebody by accident or by intent you get the same punishment ? 
  you just said that in the case of india , now you say it for ireland . 
  sounds like your not staying consistent with your argument here . 
  so here 's what you did which i was correct about , you told me to tell you a definition to a word and see if you can not argue against . 
  the word you picked has multiple definitions which means that 's something i could n't win against , either your so stupid you had no idea there was multiple definitions or you did that intentionally . 
  game1 \u0261e\u026am / noun noun : game ; plural noun : games 1 . a form of competitive activity or sport played according to rules . 
  synonyms : match , contest , tournament , meeting , sports meeting , meet , event , athletic event , fixture , tie , cup tie , test match , final , cup final , play-off ; more clash ; playdown ; split ; archaictourney `` he broke his leg two weeks before the big game '' a meeting for sporting contests . 
  `` the olympic games '' british athletics or sports as a lesson or activity at school .
