  you guys would be pissed if the government was tax evading but your island make 's it possible on a large scale , you ca n't have it both ways . 
  you can have 1 person say stfu china and 1 that would bow . 
  we had the one that bowed . 
  you could but your economy would be completely destroyed when countries start putting sanctions on you . 
  by listen i meant `` should we do what they want or not '' . 
  sorry about the confusion, 
  to be honest , we know what others want from us ... the question is , should we listen or not . 
  to be fair the eu was brought up as a reason for leaving so the eu had to step in and say something . 
  im pretty sure they would have gone after him anyway . 
  or pm is a coward so what ? 
  1 person is n't a country . 
  the queen ca n't she has to be neutral, 
  business is like nature , you lose a key species/business another will rise to take it 's place . 
  it takes time . 
  hsbc threatened to do that and then said `` we decided the uk is the best place to be '' ... if the worlds biggest bank says that then i doubt other businesses will be willing to move . 
  hsbc kinda fucked everybody when it admitted that . 
  also a company that brought the global economy to it 's knee 's , crushed economies that ended up with people losing jobs , a whole generation of people unable to find work and plenty of suicides connected to the economic crisis should be able to black mail a government to not pass legislation to prevent it in the future ? 
  if those are the types of companies that want to leave then good bye and fuck off . 
   do n't get to make decisions that hugely impact other countries lmao alright , so every country that wants to form needs to give it 's neighbours a heads up ? 
  we did n't need permission to become a country so we do n't need permission to break up either . 
  what we do is up to us , the rest of the world needs to adapt , this is n't the 1700 's where nations intervene in others to get what they want . 
  considering he wo n't back the falkland islanders and the fact that he wants the uk in the eu for their own gains , it should n't be too surprising that they want the uk to do what benefits from , not the citizens . 
  erm ... what ? 
  when did we become part of a political and economical union under 1 flag ? 
  last i checked that was n't a thing yet and we want to stay out of it for now . 
  and we do blame the eu but single out countries if they say/do something stupid . 
  the eu has a free pass in the sense that it can give the voters a reason to stay and that 's fine because we are in currently in their organization and us leaving has unforseen consequences . 
  america on the other hand ... it 's all about them and only them , they are not in the eu ... they can express their opinion but not to the point they are actively trying to sway the way people vote . 
  add to the debate not dictate it . 
  give us pro 's and cons and then stay quiet . 
  we share the same government . 
  england , scotland and n.ireland are separate nations ... wales was annexed but was devolved about 20-30 years ago so they now exist . 
  we are a country of countries 4 under 1 rule just like the eu is trying to be . 
  the english weigh in because it 's the biggest nation in the group and actively subsidies the others ( why should 9 million dictate what the other 55 million should do ? ) . 
  also during the referendum it was the uk government supporting the stay movement ( there is no english government ) and wales and n.ireland supported the stay in the uk movement , they had a large stake on the outcome like how much representation do they get in parliament ? 
  how much more income ? 
  the reason the poster above said `` england kept getting involved '' was because it easier to sell `` the english are oppressing us '' than `` the uk is giving us crap '' because that lumps wales and n.ireland into it but were not the target of scottish aggression . 
  economic sanctions are not the same as opinions . 
  because your friends may not have your best interests in mind ? 
  ever heard of a back stab ? 
  just to be clear im planning to vote to stay so im not trying to silence anybody . 
  but he has made the same comment at least once a month since the date was set . 
  if the uk started throwing it 's weight at the islands and territories i doubt the territories will say piss off . 
  the uk already tried with jersey . 
  that was a uk thing though . . 
  course they could , just at the time there was no appetite to start fucking around , now there is and the british islands are in the line of fire . 
  they 'll have to step in line or have their economies destroyed . 
  like i said , say your piece then leave us to it . 
  do n't bash us over your head with your `` opinion '' because it 's bloody annoying and will make us hate you even more . 
  that 's why brits are annoyed with america , because they beat us over the head to the point we hate it . 
  you do n't see this kind of backlash when it comes to the eu getting involved because they are not obnoxious about it . 
  sorry i got the wrong island , it was jersey not guernsy . 
  [ here is the article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2012/jun/26/jersey-threatens-independence-tax-backlash ), 
  it 's expected when it 's a debate in your country over your future . 
  not from another country who will ramp up the rhetoric to `` persuade '' voters to vote a certain way if they look like they are going to do the opposite . 
  we all know he 'll be asked . 
  and like i said it 's been going on for months and the `` he 'll give a speech when he visits the uk '' has been said for months . 
  it 's gotten very annoying to see the same shit repeated over n over . 
  during the scottish referendum i saw opinions from china , japan , india , n.korea , russia . 
  they all gave an opinion and it was the last you heard of it . 
  the press kept badgering canada for an opinion and they said `` we will not share our opinion because it 's up to scotland '' same with catalonia in spain . 
  america has this habit of having an opinion and repeating it over and over and over again . 
  they already said months ago it 's in their best interests for the uk to stay in the eu but now suddenly it 's a `` friendly opinion '' ? 
  devo max we protect them , and control their foreign policy but they control everything else and pay taxes to the british government . 
  scotland was going to go that route but the government shut that option down . 
  it would have meant the uk would be together but scotland would practically be independent . 
  so they can threaten to leave the union and become completely independent . 
  they can give an opinion but give your opinion then be quiet , you had your say now we need to decide . 
  this whole thing with america has been going on for months . 
  it 's been doing it for a while and been in the news for a while , it keeps getting brought up and it 's starting to get annoying . 
  japan gave it 's opinion a month or 2 ago , they have been quiet since ... we do n't mind . 
  britain is n't a nation known for backing down to peer pressure so what nations `` may '' think of us is a non issue . 
  britain has a habit of not wanting an outsider telling us what is good for us . 
  i mean ... we have been the most successful and stable nation on earth and suddenly we have others with worse problems than us telling us what to do ? 
  yea , no thanks we are doing fine on our own . 
  this `` friendly '' opinion is just america saying `` it 's in our interests that the uk stays in the eu '' it 's all about them , always will be so we just do n't pay attention . 
  last i checked guernsey threatened to leave the uk if the government tried to force the island to stop the tax evasion so the government backed off . 
  you have the big 5 nations and economies of europe working together to stop tax evasion , the countries you listed would bow to the pressure once exposed . 
  a couple of years ago the big 5 just shrugged it off and things did n't change , now people are pissed and governments are part of the problem now ( mp 's using tax havens ) so the people are now demanding action . 
  it 's like a hug a hoodie ... why would you do that ? 
  you 'll get stabbed . 
  if you hug a brit you 'll get something much worse , we 'll tut and say no thanks !!, 
  do n't do it !, 
  you can hate something but accept that it 's the best of a bad bunch of options . 
  it 's a bitter pill to swallow but people make a lot of those choices in life . 
  that my friends was the british summer !, 
  now it 's wind and rain the rest of the year . 
  well with all the name and government changes , we are just making sure you stay the same . 
  republic ? 
  czech !, 
  all referendums are legally binding so they need legislation passed to make them legal . 
  i got one this morning ... 
  some use it as a weapon against men . 
  buying a computer all together is $ 1800 ... you would think for brits that means # 1500 or something ... nope it cost # 1947 . 
  yea im kinda getting tired of this crap . 
  it 's both a perk and con of our language being universal . 
  it 's still on of the most democratic systems in the world , like you said it does n't have as much corruption as other countries . 
  though i think it helps with our society that we and the media hold the government to account . 
  we as in `` britain '' . 
  it worked for the romans but then they ended up having generals as heads of states and as a head of state they where powerful men so lots of infighting occurred because of other generals wanting power .
