  one is just the lesser evil . 
  they are trying to make placebo 's in the uk illegal . 
   our own idiocy will be our undoing . 
  or well , the death of many . 
  nothing new there : / so feeding people = stupid ? 
  got it !, 
  global warming - put more money into green technology and tax the ever living crap out of everybody . 
  nuclear war - put more money into defense and start wars . 
  superbug - no change in funding ... 
  it 's all fear mongering anyway so would n't worry about it . 
  ... you ca n't be serious ... they are babies throwing a tantrum , both parties want to see the other fail by any means possible , nothing to do with politics . 
  i did n't say the usa was worse than north korea i said north korea made a list of things that where equal or worse to nk and that the list was factually true . 
  stop putting words in my mouth . 
  you went through my entire history to find something to invalidate my post ... really ? 
  that 's pretty sad . 
  hows the 2 party system america has ? 
  only democrats winning and republicans shutting down the country . 
  when was the last time the uk was shut down by bickering crybabies in government ? 
  it has n't . 
  it is actually , more parties have a chance of winning . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2014/05/02/north-korea-releases-list-of-u-s-human-rights-abuses-the-u-s-is-a-living-hell/ i post on gaming subreddits ... also i have n't looked at your history because i would rather debate on what you say now than in the past that has no context . 
  grow up . 
  your education is about on par with africa ... 
  your scientists are from other nations because you do n't have the ability to make too many home grown . 
  your whole government is corrupt as well . 
  you guys take pot shots at russia and china but they are ahead of you in many many area 's . 
  even north korea made a list of why the united states is worse than north korea and the best part is ? 
  it was all true . 
  i hate our government -_- ', 
  i would n't go out of my way to do it . 
  but i know im touching urine on the door handles n stuff . 
  it is actually , does n't taste very nice but it 's safe to drink . 
  nope , germs are good for you anyway and urine is sterile so it 's 100 % safe anyway . 
  after a poop i do from time to time , mostly if i think i touched . 
  or maybe i wrote it down , then went to check ... so yea my brain failed, 
  the best way to defend yourself is to fight on somebody elses shores . 
  sorry battle of jutland i think it was ... or did britain lose that ... i forgot . 
  britain took on germany in ww1 at sea both had equal numbers ... . britain won . 
  the napoleonic wars saw britain blockade france and the united states and paid it 's continental allies to field armies since europe was always better in it 's armies while britain was always the undisputed naval power . 
  you can become a naval power in size alone , germany in ww1 for example . 
  what 's the point of a navy if you do n't have a force to land in another country ? 
  actually im sure most people will vote to stay in the eu , myself being one of them . 
  probably migrants :p, 
  i followed it last time and even i had no clue what was going on and who to vote for . 
  well ... she forced him to move out , get a new job ( ended up with a promotion to travel the country , she demanded he came home over night ... needless to say he could n't come home ) , for 11 years shes been asking him to ask her to marry her , we hardly see him anymore , she books events around dates that his family and friends have made to make sure he ca n't go ( including christmas ) . 
  she also controls the money and spends all his , she also wants to be a house wife and let him look after her ( aka you go work and i 'll spend the money ) . 
  fucking hate it . 
  my brothers `` now fiancee '' will hit him willy nilly if he says or does or laughs are something she personally does n't like in front of people and give him a look that could kill after . 
  yet they have been together for 11 years and he asked her to marry him ... . . she 's manipulative as fuck . 
  race for life has breast cancer and women at the heart of it ... . despite men getting breast cancer too . 
  also they actively discriminate against men ( men can not run ) because `` women wo n't run otherwise '' and then say all donations go to cure various cancers . 
  male cancer charities run uni-sex events and runs but are almost exclusively male and get less funding . 
  aka people care about women and tits , men are disposable . 
  feminism or extreme muslim views . 
  pick one . 
  the women do n't get told they have to kill people , its against their `` religion '' for women to fight so that makes the deal sweeter . 
  what ? 
  just go to you and live like a queen ? 
  cool !, 
  some people can be manipulated easier than others , it 's not some `` i am evil hahahaha '' thing going on . 
  ever heard of being manipulated ? 
  information is twisted to make it seem like a good cause and that those who say otherwise can not be trusted . 
  they can have power , money anything they want then they head over there and get abused and raped . 
  was thinking that too . 
  they get promised the world they then head to isis to get what they are told they can have only to end up as sex slaves . 
  they do n't fight . 
  yea those girls are sex slaves now ... well the living one . 
  it 's implied that taking advantage in a drunk state where they can not consent is rape . 
  you do n't live in the uk so i would n't expect you to understand what it is like over here . 
  so men are stupid if they get raped but women are forced and victims . 
  got it . 
  these days women can change their mind and then call it rape ... 
  seriously being a guy in this world is like walking on egg shells with land mines inside some of them . 
  what ? 
  just some women like the fantasy of being raped or playing hard to get is good foreplay . 
  so you do n't know if no means `` carry on '' or no as in `` no i do n't want to have sex . 
  safe bet is to always stop anyway . 
  could n't tell ya , happens a lot in warzones though . 
  right that makes more sense than what you just said . 
  as i read somewhere ... . the greatest generation built a world for themselves , nobody else . 
  a quick google search would do it mate . 
  have fun  here is a starting point https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_of_males  a study conducted in england indicated that 3 % of males surveyed reported experiencing non-consensual sex as adults , 5 % experienced non-consensual sex as children ( under 16 years of age ) , and 8 % experienced consensual sex as children ( though illegal by uk law ) . 
  [ 1 ] in the united states , sexual violence against men , like women , is underreported . 
  the 2014 national crime victimization survey found that 38 percent of incidents of rape and other sexual violence were against men . 
  more rare ? 
  no it 's less reported , that is the difference . 
  men are scared to admit they are raped because in society men are seen as stronger than women so it should never happen . 
  nobody takes em seriously and they just get called a wimp and that he obviously enjoyed it because he is male . 
  but the other way around it 's rape . 
  the definition for rape from the english dictionary  unlawful sexual activity and usually sexual intercourse carried out forcibly or under threat of injury against the will usually of a female or with a person who is beneath a certain age or incapable of valid consent it 's almost considered to be a crime done by men , like domestic abuse . 
  sounds like a blast, 
   is it though ? 
  does n't that go against the entire idea of foreplay ? 
  `` no i do n't want to '' erm no it means stop . 
  the annoying thing is when women say no because they want men to force themselves on them , to play rough , but you either find out you raped them at the end , or get an upset look `` why did you stop ? '', 
  before you start . 
  what ? 
  do n't be ridiculous , women are angels . 
  everything you just said = men are rapists . 
  so it 's ok for women to take advantage because the guy wants sex all the time ?
