  probably due to language only . 
   bbc america is a digital cable and satellite television network in the united states which is jointly owned by the bbc worldwide and amc networks . 
  [ 1 ]  the bbc can not fund any of its channels that are not available in the united kingdom ; [ 2 ] therefore , bbc america operates as an advertiser-supported channel and accepts traditional advertising . 
  in addition to advertising revenue , it is also funded by cable and satellite tv licence fees . 
  from wikipedia . 
  i could n't tell you what the bbc gets from selling the shows except extra income to add to their budget , what would it get if it just showed them for free ? 
  nothing extra but more spent . 
  also on your last part , i do n't think anybody knew about that . 
  if it 's not a thing anymore then i guess you got your answer , we did n't like it . 
  im only 25 so i do n't know what it was like in the 80 's except drugs , afro 's and saturday night fever style clothing . 
  oh and brown was in fashion . 
  i like the educational stuff ... well historical and wildlife documentaries are second to none ( sir david attenborough ), 
  to comment on your `` will the bbc make danish stuff for the danish '' yes they would . 
  they already cater to the middle east and african countries and american 's with some stuff they watch and all the news is regional news because why do other countries need to know what is going on in manchester ? 
  how about you read the rest of my comments , im far from selfish because i want people to access the iplayer , i just do n't think 60 million people can fund a company who will end up broadcasting to 7 billion people . 
  those in the uk keep the license fee , those outside the uk pay a subscription fee , how is that selfish ? 
  pretty sure that is just common sense . 
  keep in mind ireland is catholic ruled by a country who at a time broke away from the church and hated anybody catholic . 
  i have irish heritage ( my grandad was from the republic moved , over in the 50 's ) and believe me i feel massive regret for how ireland was treated even though i was n't there 600 years ago . 
  do you really think for a moment that any of that would be repeated today ? 
  i believe that we have learned from our lessons and if the past was `` repeated '' that we would n't make the same mistakes for good or worse . 
  ( as in everybody not just britain and not just on the basis of empire but how we treat people who are different ) . 
  but lets be honest here , the empire was a largely good one single-handedly bringing humanity into the world we have today because of the industrial revolution and being the home of the computer which led to the digital age as well as the creating the internet we use today . 
  we did bad but we did a lot of good . 
  oh and if it was n't for us you would n't have river dance :p ( great music/dance ), 
  even our internet services pale in comparison to places like the united states but of arbitrary reasons . 
  us netflix is full of goodies , uk version ... lots of nothing so i hear ( do n't use it ) . 
  i guess we are a happy medium . 
  thanks to the internet the consumer has all the power , these old ass institutions do n't like it and try and do it their way , but like you said we can access the content in other ways . 
  some governments may side with the institutions ( because they line their pockets ) but like you said people want media in a cheap , legal and easy way not sure why that is such a hard concept . 
  yea . 
  i was just confused at the `` if you are 15 you can have sex with a 17 year old because your 2 year a part '' law ... thing . 
  it just seemed incredibly specific . 
  the problem is the bbc works with companies in each country to broadcast and is n't given to any cable companies , so thinks like abc help broadcast it in the united states for example . 
  ( ca n't think of the company right now , abc is just an example . ), 
  sky and virgin or hbo could never get the rights to it because they are pay to view services . 
  what ? 
  im using terms people know to try and describe what is in my head , it wo n't be an empire im just trying to explain what the union should be like . 
  also a united kingdoms of europe sounds a lot better than united states of europe and a good number of countries in the eu do have or do want a monarchy ( germany keeps looking at ours in a shifty manner ) . 
  people where made aware it was a trial which you had to pay money for so , thanks for trying it out . 
  anyway they kept mentioning the trial was getting in the way of the commercial side of the bbc ( the one that uses adverts and brings in money from the international audience ) so it was not so much private companies complaining but that it was bumping into internal issues and probably some red tape along the way . 
  why would rupert care ? 
  the bbc is not in the way of sky in anyway shape or form . 
  the globaliplayer will return eventually , when ? 
  who knows , it took years for the iplayer to turn up from when it was announced , this geo-lock stuff may make it easier or harder for the corporation to roll it out . 
  we have that number yes . 
  for the uk if you are 18 you can not have sex with somebody under 16 ( can date , just no penetration , not even a finger . ), 
  if your gay you can not have anal sex until you are 18 , because ? 
  who the fuck knows at this point . 
  i have no bloody clue what you are talking about anymore . 
  i said im fine with no geo-blocking and those who want to watch it outside the uk to pay a subscription fee to do so . 
  just not for the uk to pay and let 7 billion people benefit from it . 
  because it 's a public funded broadcaster that would need a lot more infrastructure and people to manage it all to do that . 
  so like i said , brits should have a code and an account they log into so they bypass the pay wall while everybody else who creates an account ( even ex-pats who do n't pay tax to the uk ) need to subscribe and pay a small fee to get access . 
  how is this even an argument ? 
  well when everybody is out of work that 's probably not very difficult to do . 
  it 's called a trial , meaning `` we will put this out , see what works and then pull it , change it and try the next build '' . 
  you do n't just make it and then shove it out there , great oaks do n't grow over the summer you know . 
  like i said we have no `` legal '' age gap law or anything , just `` heres the age of consent , do n't break it so no harm no foul '' . 
  but you/other guy said `` 2 years between is fine , anymore is illegal '' which is weird to me . 
  same in the uk it 's pretty retarded , i thought he meant something else . 
  it 's called a trial for a reason . 
  you do n't get a whole game with a free trial . 
  if that 's the case why change it ? 
  nah it was the `` let the frogs make the maps because they where crying '' one , the yanks and brits just looked at each other and shrugged . 
  ok then assimilate . 
  also the british empire largely accepted and adopted local traditions and cultures or at least left them be and killed off the illegal parts of them ( according to british common law of course ) . 
  look at wales and scotland they have their own traditions and cultures intact . 
  some empires do n't but these days you can be certain they 'll stay intact as long as it did n't break laws and did n't drag down the country/area ( looking at greece ) . 
  from the quick scan of your comment looks like you are talking about a uk version of union rather than an american version . 
  it 's strange , we stroll up , plant a flag and suddenly you guys listen to us . 
  always thought we had an attractive personality , 
  if you read one of my other comments you would see that i mention that kind of system . 
  not this sub thread it was a reply to another comment . 
  above ( below ? ), 
  this comment . 
  so please do n't put words in my mouth, 
  erm right now you ca n't but they took it down in 2013 because it was a trial . 
  so they are working on it but things need to be streamlined and test the waters first . 
  i have no issue with opening up the bbciplayer to people outside of the uk , the bbc have already trialed a paid subscription in europe . 
  pretty sure they gave access to a back catologue of dr who and top gear [ here ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2020243/bbc-iplayer-launches-europe--costs-half-price-licence-fee.html ), 
  they 'll all become subscription based so you 'll be paying to view everything so it 's not free , unless your terrestrial channels work that way . 
  sky is private company that you give money too and you get the equipment to get the broadcast . 
  the bbc is payed for by the public of the uk for the uk audience with the promise of everybody with the license can get the signal , the bbc had to fight microsoft to get the iplayer out of the gold subscription model because it was illegal to charge people in the uk to view the iplayer because they already payed once . 
  every other nation with the bbc ( outside crown colonies and dependencies ) get the world service which runs adverts because it 's the commercial arm of the company . 
  so the public do n't fund anything that goes abroad now ( they all have adverts outside the uk ) and thats how it should be . 
  why should 600 million people get the bbc broadcast for free because 60 million fund it ? 
  the bbc trialed a 5 euro subscription model per month for bbciplayer for those in europe so there are plans in place to do it . 
  so you want to take money from britain 's biggest exporter of culture and media which also happens to the largest , oldest and most trusted broadcaster in the world and expect them to stay that way ? 
  if we get a subscription type deal to replace the license the bbc will collapse because 5 million will subscribe and 60 million will watch legally on iplayer after broadcast , or they do adverts which is against the bbc mandate and people will say it 's crap now they have adverts . 
  you ca n't win . 
  there is no problem with what we have right now . 
  the bbc by uk law will be unable to charge any british citizen to use anything it uses like the iplayer . 
  i imagine there can be some kind of access code that only license holders can get to confirm they are british even if they are in germany or something . 
  they already trialed a payed subscription model for iplayer in europe so really they might have avoided it , that or they ignore public owned state tv because it 's funded by the tax payer . 
  ps im aware this comment may make no sense , but that 's how my brain is working right now . 
  we had this discussion once before , remember ? 
  erm , ireland would be back with the uk , would they consent to that ? 
  im curious , why not ? 
  we are going to get there eventually with brussels at the helm so how is it a problem ?
