  so people are clear i do n't agree the `` independence '' of the new republics in ukraine are because the people want it but russian made . 
  of course i have and i hate it , i was merely pointing out options for the union , a uk union would be better than the usa version, 
  never said it was unique to greece , not sure why i should check the mirror , the uk does n't mind paying into social systems like most of europe , the nhs is the biggest example . 
  its called a joke , something 4 other people did n't work out . 
  sounds like the united states , want social programs but bang on about `` why should i pay for them ? 
  i 'll pay for my family and friends but not other people '' . 
  people like that confuse the flying fuck out of me . 
  as a brit i am all for a united europe with britain in it , if its in a usa type format , uk format or an empire like format ( as in everybody surrenders sovereignty , no borders for anything combined military , economy and laws ) . 
  i honestly feel europe would be happier with complete annexation than arguing with each other . 
  also europe has been there before and as far as im concerned we will be united eventually so why should anybody be against it ? 
  as far as im concerned if you say no then you have no long term vision only short term and that makes you part of the problem . 
  if the irish did n't leave we would n't have this mess #irelandsmess, 
  n.ireland i like the guys but these guys need to chill with the patriotism . 
  it 's like the british version of soviet germany you a giant wall to split communities and marches quite often . 
  it 's not just the republicans causing the problem it 's the pro uk bunch going out their way to piss them off as well , these bloody marches are not good for anybody , it drains resources and makes businesses not want to go to n.ireland . 
  i was looking at porn since i was 11/12 years old . 
  if i old enough to have a crush on someone ( i was 8 at the time , first time i saw a virgina and playing strip poker ) then porn is n't going to effect them in a bad way . 
  the problem is that people do get addicted to porn but guess what ? 
  people get addicted to everything so it 's a pretty shit argument to use because you have an addictive personality you 'll get get hooked on something else . 
  then you have the argument that kids are too young to understand ... . . also bullshit , i was going to have my first sex ed lesson at 11 years old , i brought in a video for my teacher to watch for the lesson called `` how the body works '' it had 2 naked people ( supposed adam and eve ) in the intro ... everybody laughed but me and it was stopped , it was n't until i was 13 i would get my first sex ed lesson . 
  we live in a world where `` children do n't know anything and need to be protected from the horrors of the world including the naked human form . '', 
  the problem is with that mindset they grow up in a bubble and are not ready for the real world , they do n't have the information or know how to cope and ironically that 's worse . 
  oh and i just noticed you mentioned young male ... . why not young women as well ? 
  sounds to me your swimming in the porn propaganda and enjoying it . 
  sounds like my life in a nutshell , 
  you guys just sitting in the middle huh ? 
  ever feel like the guy being picked for teams and being last ? 
  well considering the uk benefited for a while with our pp being much higher than everybody else in europe ( still is ) but it bit us in the ass once the gap became too big . 
  i imagine being in the euro negates that last part . 
  we was promised that we did n't have to bail out anybody again ... lo and behold we are being told to bail out greece . 
  i believe the cake and eat it goes to the eu . 
  ah right , ok . , 
  or your dads porn, 
  considering his back benchers said they will argue for a yes vote , cameron told them to shut up , keep their opinions to themselves and get inline with what he wanted `` to stay in the eu '' . 
  because its saying if it 's available in germany then germans should be able to access it in the uk or spain , but our porn filters would block people accessing the content . 
  so that 's the problem . 
  if you want to know how this would benefit brits , we will get to watch bbciplayer on the continent if we wanted under this law . 
  we shag somebodys kid everyday , the difference is most are older than 16 . 
  get a sense of humour man , my word . 
  actually most people have to opt in and not opt out meaning nobody needs to phone anybody . 
  honestly i had it appear twice . 
  once it said `` do you want to activate the filter '' noticed it said `` must sign in as the account holder '' so i closed the browser , loaded it up and it was gone . 
  it came back weeks later and i just clicked no , did n't need to sign in or anything . 
  can testify the filter is effective 10/10 would use again . 
  you know what does my head in ? 
  it 's still a `` protect kids online from viewing porn '' . 
  maybe parents should start being parents and have some responsibility ? 
  the law has nothing to do with child safety it was a way to censor the internet , i mean they literally went as far as banning porn makers from showing certain things . 
  that 's got nothing to do with keep children `` safe '' but trying to bring us back into a society where showing your body was a bad thing , fuck the conservatives . 
  about 10 poppets and a kelc, 
  most privatization is about maximizing profits with a few people as possible , it may start out all chocolates and roses but mark my words it 'll be like every other story of privatization . 
  it 's only good in the short term , never the long term . 
  we do n't like being called evil by people on the continent , who knew !, 
  i feel these days every sport has turned into `` lets see how quickly we can kick england out '' since we created most of popular ones . 
  of course there is , you do n't think we have all the particles in existence on earth do you ? 
  if there is one thing you guys can count on is the british love for the irish , the only thing people can think of as bad when it comes to ireland is the ira and even then they are aware they do n't stand for the republic anymore . 
  im just glad you guys do n't look at britain as a monster anymore , it 's a shame religion and ignorance tore us a part , my grandad was from the republic so i have a personal connection to ireland and honestly i would love to have you guys rejoin the uk but i know you wo n't . 
  there would be absolutely no way our past mistakes would be repeated . 
  also i do n't think i ever heard anybody complain about sending that loan to you , i think that had a 90 % agreement over here . 
  they wanted to rush the project instead of say `` ok germany you adopt the euro and then as each country reaches the criteria they will adopt it too '' at leas that way you would n't have the unbalanced economies crashing . 
  the uk saw this ( as well has the euro being weaker than the pound anyway ) and stayed well away . 
  greece should n't be in the union in the first place and should have been kicked out as soon as it was spotted , instead they where allowed to sit around and cause this mess , which the eu is too inept to fix . 
  pride has destroyed the euro . 
  some times we need to swallow our pride and do what we must and not what we want . 
  some cases ? 
  it was purely ww2 that gave the world the means to get into space , there is a reason the space race took place after ww2 . 
  computers and the jet engine was invented for example . 
  ... nazi 's in space ? 
  if europe is good at one thing , it 's empire building . 
  right i did n't realize you was talking about our history but instead of our current monarch and was confused as to how you could get it so wrong . 
  anyway , almost everybody agrees that the bail out greece just got will not fix anything and that to get true reforms they need their own currency and flexibility to make the reforms on their own terms . 
  it was n't the fault of the people their government lied to get them into the euro and yet it 's the people who have to suffer for it . 
  this whole bailout fiasco is not to save europe but it is to save face for the leaders ( mostly merkal ) of europe . 
  how can a country whose people have no more money able to afford anything ? 
  no money = no taxes . 
  it 's just a facade and nobody wants to admit it except actual economists . 
  if that is the case then why did people not vote ukip ? 
  seriously cameron has already said himself he wants to stay in the eu , what he wants to do is give the country as good a reason to stay as he can before the vote . 
  the reason it was even a thing to put in his portfolio was just because the elderly want to have a vote on the eu , most of the younger generation ( my generation , i am 25 ) actually like the eu or at least do n't blindly hate it ) . 
  the whole voting thing is for those over 50 to get revenge on the government for not giving them a choice in joining the eu when all they wanted was to stay in the eec . 
  it 's a fucking pathetic and selfish reason to have a vote and shows that they do n't care what happens to the younger generation , typical of the elderly really , the great generation my ass , they built a country for them and nobody else . 
  ah ok no problem , was n't sure of the actual loan ... i knew it had a 3 in there somewhere which is why i thought 30 , 3.2 seemed too low a number . 
  really ? 
  do n't you have anything better to do ? 
  the thing is , we do n't think we are better than you . 
  many people 50 + years old wanted to join the eec , they never got a choice in the 1970 's to join the eu the government got us involved and that bred a lot of resentment amongst those alive at the time ( my parents included ) . 
  so the resentment is from the elderly rather than the millennial 's ( younger generation ) who actually like the eu . 
  it 's another case of the elderly ruining the future of the next generation because they want revenge on the government . 
  just try and keep in mind history has always shaped how the uk works and thinks , it 's kept us economically and politically stable while the rest of the world has blown up around us ( we are the most politically stable country in history thanks to our empire keeping us that way with its success . ), 
  in case you have n't noticed everything comes back to empire , we had it great , we know we can have it again in the eu but the problem is the eu is faulty and nobody wants to admit and try to fix it while britain is constantly pointing out the flaws so somebody can try and fix it . 
  all we get is `` your not interested why should we listen to you ? '', 
  our response is `` we are interested , but fix your shit before we do '' , but criticizing the eu is not exactly what people want to hear . 
  the highest for the uk is 72 ... 
  erm if anything if we go along with this , it 'll be the eu exerting it 's influence on the uk not the other way around . 
  eh its 72 in the uk for anybody under the age of 30 , anybody above is 67 . 
  wooo ... :(, 
  they are the more pro-eu country in the uk so ... . yea they kinda do . 
  erm actually cameron wants us to stay in the eu which is why he is trying to get powers back to support his view . 
  if he wanted us out we would have the referendum in about 6 months time . 
  if i recall correctly this revolution came about after france helped america become independent , it 's bankrupted itself and destroyed it 's own military just to beat britain in the america 's .
