  wait until i tell the short girl that she should be happy because she is average size for a woman . 
  hague needs to shut up , this is a changing point , the longer we drag this out the worse things will be for the years to come . 
  parliament needs to prepare for a digital work force future and humans not being in work , rather than keep humans in work . 
  because after a survey of 130 people it may not feel good for the girl but on the other hand more girls are trying it . 
  it wo n't be stable until you have only 5 nations left and they are the largest economies like germany , france and italy . 
  so basically what you guys are saying is ... lets dismantle it and start again . 
  the problem is to fix the euro it needs a political union to support it , look at every nation on earth that united together to form a new country , britain is probably the best example . 
  political union with scotland but scotland had it 's own currency it 's currency was going up and down and messing with the economy , so england pegged the scottish currency to the pound to stabilize it . 
  the eu can not go do that because weaker economies are fighting germany , if a political union was established there would be no polish economy and german economy it would be the `` eu 's economy '' so using greece as a reason to step back is completely bonkers , it 's just making the issue worse . 
  we are ripping off the band aids in anger and defiance like a child who does n't understand that they are there to help . 
  having greeks economy become the eu 's economy would single handedly fix greece 's problems . 
  trying to explain that you need a political union to make a financial union to work when people are saying `` well the euro failed so why are they not doing the political union ( despite us blocking that sorta stuff ) '' is like telling a wall why it needs paint . 
  what about the border in calais potentially being moved to dover was a lie and part of project fear . 
  completely ignoring the fact that it was a realistic some could say expected outcome of brexit but nah it was lies to scare people . 
  fuck the media in this country , the bbc is the closest we got to actual news . 
  free, 
  says in the title ... 
  college is cheap , university is n't . 
  uh huh sure . 
  i feel dumb , i never watch monty python, 
  did n't we get kicked out the world cup in the group stage and made history by doing so while the league counterpart beat the league number 1 team ? 
  hmmm, 
  model ? 
  of ... camelot ? 
  no spoilers !, 
  mfw a french speaker gives an english speaker a french article to read as proof ... 
  but seriously , yea i ca n't read that but i 'll take your word for it xd retour en france = returns to france right ? 
  it did ? 
  shit ... why ? 
  a dumb society is easier to control ... which is what the tories want . 
   they 're gon na be fucked if they do n't mitigate the costs though . 
  i know this is gon na seem crazy but ... lowering the cost gets you more students . 
  less students paying more is just stupid . 
   the supply/demand dynamics mean the price is going to probably get more expensive . 
  you realize the less people who can go to university they need to jack up the price to cover the less students and then they 'll have to do it again because the other 10 % ca n't afford it , then again and again . 
  if it goes lower you get more students so you can spread the cost around , better for everybody . 
  so university is for the rich again , lovely . 
  why make a deal with somebody if you have no intention of protecting them ? 
  nato was britains idea , the americans did n't have to get involved or keep it running . 
  the cold war ended in 1990 it did n't have a purpose after that until now . 
  they actually managed to get her ring ? 
  i thought the was some complications with that . 
  most nations while have a small military can make their economy a war economy and start training and fighting in weeks . 
  the smallest nations no matter how strong wo n't be able to match somebody like russia anyway , all the baltics will be doing is buying time for britain , germany , france , italy , greece and america to fully mobilize , they are the true fighting force of europe ... maybe poland too . 
  oh that would be perfect , it 's been a while since we went toe to toe , would be a good way to get bragging rights . 
  would be like old times . 
  i just picture captain america in armour with a sword  . , 
  it 's what happens when you are stuck on an island for a few hundred years , you start to get a bit bored . 
  probably why we invaded everybody , to kill our boredom . 
  union only , we rock at rugby league , we are one the top 3 nations in the world and just beat the number 1 . 
   though from my experience england will win every time , but that 's fine . 
  what ? 
  something about americans and medieval stuff does n't seem quite right to me . 
  oh boy , that 's a 2 horse race . 
  the great game is being revived ? 
  camelot theme park does jousting shows so that 's probably under english heritage 's umbrella , so this would provide them with free advertisement and money to look after stuff of historical importance . 
  french and english coming up with kickass traditions together since 1066 , 
  i am not sure but we still have jousting in camelot theme park as a show and i have no idea if other countries keep it alive . 
  either way i 'll watch the shit out of that . 
  until america leaves europe wo n't hurry for a joint military . 
  so ... what is the point of nato if an alliance wo n't protect it 's members ? 
  but he wo n't lose much if he loses . 
  pretty sure if it was an american coup they could do a better job , they have some experience in this sorta thing . 
  yea it takes zero hour contracts into account , so put everybody on zero hour contracts and we can get 0 % unemployment . 
  also if people do n't work and do n't collect benefits they go `` missing '' in the system meaning they are not counted so it does n't effect the numbers . 
  basically the number is higher . 
  to be fair , if your gon na pay out double , might as well give it to a country who is going to go the extra mile with it . 
  germany , france and britain are the biggest science nations in europe . 
  pokemon go really blew up in bosnia huh ? 
  i do n't set the bar , that was the logic used against protesters a few years ago oh you have an iphone and drinking starbucks coffee , you must be struggling ... that 's what was saidm, 
  to be fair if the media shut up about it , most of them would think we have left already . 
  he dies when the queen dies . 
  4 x 12 hours plus 8 hour on saturday . 
  friday could be 12 hours or 6 hours depending on what shift i am offered and believe me it catches up with you . 
  i have been doing 50 + hours almost weekly since march . 
  but if they see the young as self entitled who have everything , why would they want to vote in a way to benefit us when they can benefit ? 
  i find it interesting , corporations are pandering to the young and bend to what the young want because they are the people who spend money now , yet the politicians bend to the old . 
  surely you would follow the money , once the current old generation is gone and replaced by the new old generation who will remember very clearly how the government left them to rot . 
  you tell somebody you are struggling money wise when you hold an iphone in your hand . 
  the elderly do n't care . 
   then move somewhere in the mediterranean/portugal with what money ? 
  we ca n't afford our own homes and you want us to pack up and leave to live in another country and start from scratch with no belongings or job ? 
  excellent idea . 
  im in `` casual '' employment i do 12 hours a day for # 100 i end up doing 100 + hours a fortnight to get a decent wage but i have next to no time for myself . 
  and even then i have no guaranteed work , like now after 3 weeks of 7 days straight ... well 5 days off in 3 weeks this week i have 1 shift . 
  my generation will not make as much as our parents , for the first time in history the younger generation will not be better off than the previous . 
  oh . . i meant that i have a fabric one inside ... 
  26 outside last i checked , 31 tomorrow potentially, 
  i have a blackout blind , it just keeps the light out , does n't help with the heat . 
  the problem is our buildings are built to keep heat in ( cold island ) the continentals build their homes to let heat out . 
  do n't suppose you know the original number ? 
  35 % of 1 is not very high . 
  not being funny but you know how the media messes with stats to make something out to be worse than it actually is, 
  huh do n't remember that , did n't see anything about people collapsing just warnings . 
  i do n't remember that ... probably the elderly . 
  i do remember a funny story though about the military , you know the guys who wear the bear skin hats ? 
  well there was some commonwealth military parade/gathering and lots of different units where on a large open area in south africa to be inspected and everybody had soldiers fainting and passing out , even the africans ... the british had nobody fall and they toughed it out . 
  i find that kinda funny and thought i would share since we are talking about what temperatures different cultures could handle . 
  oh and i know texas is hot as hell , i would hate to go there . 
  most of europe is like the uk , we tough it out , it 's the americans that are soft ironically .
