  it was never intended to be a military union , i agree on the political side however . 
  right now its just then former empire showing good will and helping each other in various ways , but even that is disjointed . 
  also no need to be so rude . 
  i love when our country is used a `` well they do it so ... '' card , we just mess with everybody 's heads without actually saying anything . 
  and here i thought europeans did n't give us anything < 3, 
  wait i posted this ... what the hell ... oh i guess i ca n't post the same link . 
  erm 1 , i do n't deny he was pro european , why suggest such a union in the first place if he was n't . 
  i am confused how you think the commonwealth collapsed ? 
  our empire collapsed and was replaced by the empire was was built over 60 years as each nation came independent they joined the commonwealth as well . 
  as much as i love polandball i want to be a little serious and post this . 
  [ obama directly referred to the vote in britain , saying that some advisers had advised against a congressional vote after `` what we saw happen in the united kingdom this week , when the parliament of our closest ally failed to pass a resolution with a similar goal , even as the prime minister supported taking action . '', 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/aug/31/syrian-air-strikes-obama-congress ) you can be assured if britain voted yes we would be in syria right now , same happened in iraq if we did n't join in its incredibly likely it would never had happened . 
  as much as i would love to agree , we came back in 1982 . 
  we lost our empire , we did n't lose our influence and power though . 
  even washington looks to the british if they want to make a move on the international stage . 
  i am aware fuhur means leader as well so leader land makes no sense . 
  just wanted to poke a little fun , turns out auto correct can not help you remember how to spelll a foreign word xd, 
  our politicians are retarded , they want planes that could take off like the harrier and have ships that allies could use . 
  bunch of clowns , speaking of ... where are our planes ? 
  are they working yet ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqf0ow7bcp0 easy boys , 
  i agree it is interesting . 
  when did we do that exactly ? 
  we are still founding members/member of some of the largest organizations in the world and head the 2nd largest union of nations behind the un . 
   finally , you are our first and forward defense on the internet . 
  i have seen ten times more brits who argue with americans and take european positions than anti-european ones . 
  simple rule of bashing each other over the internet . 
  come from a different town we fight ? 
  somebody from outside the county attacks the guy from the other town ? 
  we fight the outsider together . 
  somebody from scotland starts bashing england , the 3 of them start bashing scotland . 
  somebody from europe bashes the scotland ? 
  anybody from the uk attacks the european . 
  finally if an american jumps it , we and the european bash america back . 
  we hate and love everybody in equal measure . 
  also our history really pisses off the american 's , always using the moon landing to try and better than us . 
  cpg grey - holland way of diplomacy , if everybody finds a name that they like to call a country ... just go with it . 
  also in the uk we tend to use both names interchangeably like how people say uk and britain the same way . 
  partyhardcore and public agent ftw, 
  is he wrong ? 
  vocal minority . 
  i felt that scotland would stay and the referendum was just them using their voice to actually be noticed . 
  i keep hearing people have n't had a voice when it came to the eu so i feel its the same , they want to have a say it does n't actually mean they want to leave . 
  just my opinion . 
  probably will , but the uk wo n't join the eurozone until sterling loses enough value to make it worth our while . 
  either the euro has to get to sterlings level or sterling loses value . 
  well i never suggested they would join at the same time , i suggested that once they do join together the schegen area would not exist because borders and nation states themselves wo n't exist . 
  also i am pretty sure switzerland left the schegen area because of large immigrant numbers or something . 
  i know they left something because of something to do with foreigners . 
  how am i arguing the opposite ? 
  you tried to beat my argument by saying the sterling lost value so why did n't we jump ship ? 
  that makes no sense what so ever , if they know the value would rebound why jump ? 
  im saying is the sterling loses enough value to be valued equally or less compared to the euro we will consider switching . 
  your saying `` well you lost 0.11 so why not join the euro despite the pound still being stronger , that 's just a silly argument to make . 
  i do n't keep track of who is where . 
  did it go match or go below the euro ? 
  why switch if it did n't ? 
  also the pound has regained value so a knee jerk reaction is senseless and lets be honest , do you really think london is daft enough to have a knee jerk reaction when it comes to its currency and finances ? 
  its in the top 3 strongest currencies in the world , its dipped before and will in the future , its nothing new , its even a reserve currency like the dollar . 
  considering it has fallen and never gone below 1 euro per # 1 why would people jump ship ? 
  only if it goes below the euro will people start considering joining , its economical sense . 
  i ca n't give a scenario of the pound becoming weaker than the euro , it could happen in my life time or a century from now . 
  maybe sterling will be # 1.10 for every 1 euro and we 'll just think `` meh close enough '' because our union of social stance on europe has changed . 
  lots of reasons could make us switch , hell maybe pegging the euro to the pound could do it if the eu 's economy can support it . 
  i will vote to stay in the eu regardless of the changes , if any we get . 
  the vast majority of no votes will come from those who resent not having a choice over the last 40 years , and those coffin dodgers will continue to ruin this country for the youth . 
  it 's depressing that personal feelings and a vendetta is used to vote rather than intelligence . 
  i have no problems with immigrants who come here to work , the problem is companies exploiting them but we blame the immigrants for what ever reason ? 
  i wonder how brits will feel if they vote no and in a few decades come groveling back to the eu , we did that in the 70 's and france told us to bugger off a couple of times . 
  not humiliating at all . 
  right now of course we would , as soon as the sterling starts losing its value against the euro we will join . 
  it 's inevitable , do you really think this country would be so stubborn to not change currency when ours starts to lose value ? 
  ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-30495230 ) ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/britain-join-euro-stop-germany-4824853 ) ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/feb/26/britain-possibility-joining-euro-labour-frontbencher ) ca n't find the exact wording i was looking for but its still clearly on the cards for discussion . 
  actually if we are going to be the financial capital of europe we need a voice in the euro debate ... all the money in europe goes through london , we are in this if we like it or not . 
  just to correct you , he suggested a united states of europe while britain has it 's commonwealth , basically hinting that the uk wanted nothing to do with europe . 
  quick google gave me at least 4 links saying we will join eventually , not sure what you are blabbering about . 
  we will join the euro when the time is right , that is was assured by the government when the euro was a big thing . 
  the schengen area will be gone because it 'll be a federal or complete union of nations meaning no borders at all except to enter europe . 
  i would rather have one large super state than have the state system like the usa , either do it right or not at all . 
  we have until the referendum to learn . 
  britain does n't do tolerance , if the foreigners are to believed anyway . 
  get the lot of em off the island , that 'll show em . 
  * sigh *, 
  i believe so , i do remember it changing . 
  i always thought it was high school until 18 , if its compulsory college then there is n't much difference . 
  they clean our toilets , its a dirty job but somebody has to do it and the poles are the brave ones who take the jobs . 
  sorry for the stereotypical joke . 
  in the uk papers are very careful to not label us europeans , so if they said better than europeans most of us would not think better than the uk . 
  so this heading makes this more clear and adding that it outperforms all nations in europe as well makes things clearer . 
  it 's a british thing . 
  he 's fighting a proxy war , his hands are clean unless concrete proof is found he is involved like with crimea but that was too late to do anything . 
  he 's been taking territory since 2008 and nobody can do anything about it because its all `` insurgents '' . 
  he wo n't stop , military force is the only means to stop him . 
  russia wo n't stop until millions are dead and their empire rebuilt . 
  i think merkel invited him to germany like good ol times , putin said he had some business he can take care of on his way down . 
  to be fair the german population is falling in the long term because nobody wants to move to germany due to the whole holocaust thing and german supremacy thing . 
  have you met or seen any russian military personal/vehicles that are otherwise different ? 
  i can honestly say i did n't take much notice of russia until recently and that 's i ever see ... no markings or insignia 's to me this is the norm . 
  xd ( that is also a joke ), 
  my town in the uk has more people than greenland apparently xd,
