  he walks around town , people give him food and clothing and surprisingly enough he is loaded because he was a lawyer , his wife died in his home and he had a break down and refused to live under a roof . 
  nobody want 's to hide the homeless , problem is they pick bad places to congregate ... normally where lots of people are so they can start begging for food or money . 
  so yes they are homeless and being moved , but surely they can take their stuff and live somewhere else just as easily . 
  not really, 
  nothing to do with the tories . 
  they are damaging the look of the area and could cost surrounding businesses money because people feel uncomfortable walking near/past homeless people . 
  the council has right to evict them if they have been asked to move but refuse to do so . 
  those guys can go live in the local park but instead pick the town center ? 
  remember the ice melts every year , so you can get maps of different times of the year , take a picture put it together and get this gif . 
  if a brit `` has a gun '' it 's almost certain to be a bluff . 
  damn nordics ... . erm ... erm ... i know !, 
  they just do n't take off their masks ... that 's it ... 
  hot women in a cold country ? 
  does n't add up , we brits think logically . 
  mcvities digestives and chocolate digestives are easily the favourite , stats back it up . 
  your talking to the country that had bombs on public transport and everybody was queued up the next day to take the bus/tube and complained it was late . 
  largest minority is an oxymoron is n't it ? 
  the strangest shit happens in glasgow . 
  i know i was taking the piss . 
  i do n't think he noticed he linked to an english guy in 1720 rather than a scottish guy in 1970, 
  a man from the 1720 's came into the future to kick a terrorist in the balls ? 
  they thought about that , so they sent women , they do n't have balls to kick !, 
  goes to show you should never send a woman to do a mans job . 
  i mean seriously , who the fuck is going notice a difference in glasgow ? 
  look 's like a bomb exploded already . 
  well if you are busy purifying water ... why not double up with water turbines or steam turbines ? 
  or do all 3 make it self sufficient . 
  since it has lived in the country for 3-5 years it probably will be granted citizenship . 
  the mother has no right to dictate what happens to her child , she mistreated it and gave up all her rights as a parent , so why should she be able to tear about the child from it 's new family ? 
  right now a who county in england has unsafe water to drink and are told to boil water before consumption . 
  also the energy comes from power plants ? 
  i have no problems with all this if im honest . 
  a neglected child was saved and a nice family took the child in and looked after it , you know this has been going on for centuries right ? 
  either way if the judge thought it would be in the best interests of the child to stay in britain then that is his call , you can say `` well it deserves to be adopted in it 's own country '' but as far as im concerned if it has a better life here then who are we to say no . 
  you are now threatening to destroy a family who has been together for 5 years because of the wants of a parent who neglected her child . 
  i do n't care if the latvian pm is involved , that 's his mistake for getting involved and now looking for a way out as far as im concerned ... he fucked up . 
  you can do gun sports , you just need a license to use it and follow strict guide lines . 
  trust me when you come to the uk and notice no police ( except a few exceptions ) carry guns you 'll feel 100 % safe because our police not having guns sets an example to everybody else , `` we do n't them , why do you ? '', 
  the uk is the largest urbanized nation with no armed police , lax gun laws would ruin that over night . 
  more expensive than the extermination of a species ? 
  what good is money when everybody is dead ? 
  you can still know your roots , you learn where your parents where from , you get contact information from the adoption agency and then off you go . 
  chances are if you go from the uk to latvia you 'll probably finding yourself thinking `` thank god i lived in the uk '' , nothing against latvia but it 's like going from france to spain , nice place but you would n't wan na live there . 
  the child was found in england and is protected by english law because of it . 
  if i go to latvia and do something stupid , i get prosecuted under latvian law not sent to england to be trialed . 
  praises the uk for high moral standards , the tells us to ignore our morals and give back a child to parent who neglects them ? 
  the planet is 75 % water and that 's just want we measure ( oceans are deep ) so ... what water shortage ? 
  i am aware they mean drinking water but if it was a serious risk of running out we just build more water purification plants . 
  or boil water en-mass from water brought from the sea . 
  buy them from canada , they can build them in 6 months , faster than any other nation . 
  man ... 30 secs and i got the top 5 % . 
  ai n't nobody got time for that shit . 
  well this has made my day . 
  i think we do understand , considering british men almost always had a mustache and now indian men see it as a masculine thing so they all grow mustaches . 
  just one of many random things we gave to another civilization , 
  we are known to not make a fuss so we tend to ignore things for the sake of not making a scene . 
  i think that 's what they mean when they said unbritish . 
  i guess we have the luxury to think a different way , but i completely understand the other side of it . 
  daily mail ? 
  anyway every organization has black marks but in the grand scheme thing of this the rspca is well up there with trust british institutions that everybody trusts . 
  the nhs has massive black marks next to it 's name for lets be real , nobody wants to get rid the nhs ( except money men ) . 
  while a lot of people do n't eat that stuff , some still do but it 's small market . 
  my dad eats pig liver , hare/rabbit , some eat partridge ... never piglet and horse though . 
  also the idea of eating a horse is going against our picture of `` the horse has rode into battle with us through out our history , to eat them would be like eating a friend . '', 
  i can sympathise [ this will explain why ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6ez3wqcjha ), 
  rpsca is easily the best animal protection service in the world , aside from a few naysayers i do n't know anybody who has a bad thing to say about the organization except `` they wanted me to pay to take the animal away ... . so i left it outside their offices the pricks '' . 
  yea that 's our logic . 
  as somebody once said thanks to benefits poverty does n't exist in the uk . 
  unless you actually look at the numbers and changed the definition a few times . 
  not much of a conspiracy theory and more of an actuality . 
  the more things change , the more they stay the same . 
  when do you get your russian passport ? 
  if they invade they get nato bombing the every living shit out of moscow , if they do it slowly and deny it then nato ca n't do anything but point out the hypocrisy and lies . 
  a common phrase is `` do n't poke the bear '' another one is `` do n't poke the wasps nest '' . 
  the bear is russia , nato is the wasps nest and trust me , not even a bear would annoy wasps . 
  yet here we are , the bear is being a dick , it 's going to get stung on the nose if it carries on . 
  also this mentions the falklands should be considered as a marine reserve , though this was made in 2015 i a sure you this was mentioned years ago , sounds a little insane but i am 1000 % positive i did n't read that this year . 
  no chance , there was one a couple of years ago , pretty sure it was off the falklands , i never heard of the one announced this year . 
  that 's completely new to me . 
  our empire also extends to the south pole and we had canada ( next to the north pole and about as far east and west as you can get so ... god bless you for trying anyway . 
  huh fair enough . 
  yep pretty much , the main export markets are the growing economies as listed above but also the established ones like america . 
  yea caught that as i scrolled down , i worked off memory and not wikipedia . 
  could n't be bothered changing it . 
  ours are more exotic  a couple even have penguins and scotsmen . 
  if a country has a beach it has waters , the only dispute should be how far out not `` should it have any ? '', 
  3miles is nothing so spain is just being soft . 
  hey we like islands ok !, 
  come see our collection . 
  we have the worlds largest sea reservation ( is that the word im looking for ? ), 
  off the falkland islands . 
  so basically a massive chunk of water in the south atlantic nobody can enter and is protected by the uk . 
  the uk outclasses france in territory by sea ( not sure we can compete with land mass due to french guiana ), 
  to be fair you probably recognize the port because it 's a royal navy base rather than uk territory ( because the whole `` those waters are spanish waters thing ) . 
  i think they pushed their luck enough to get their land back , good lucking wrestling the sea away from the royal navy who 's base is like 10 minutes east . 
  i heard that also , must be a myth . 
  invasion of ireland scheduled for next week huh ? 
  union flag is a combo nation of england 's st.george flag , st.davids flag and st.patricks flag . 
  wales is included in england 's part due to annexation . 
  the 3 flags never touch and are separated by white to show respect of each others flag .
