  and i agree banning exports would have been a good first step but news travels rather slow and politicians are even slower . 
  that was n't a `` the irish are rebelling , starve the fuckers '' it was a logistical problem which did n't get solved . 
  it was a disaster and except for those that knew you can be sure that the british public would not have wanted it to happen . 
  your our brothers , i do n't know a single brit who does n't like the irish . 
  britain really only cracked down on it 's colonies if revolts sprang up , the slave trade was really the only `` shitty thing we did for very shitty reasons '' . 
  otherwise we would just take resources and pour resources back into the colony to get more resources , it was a mutual relationship ... a little one sided but britain put a hell of a lot of money and investment and military power to a nation that in the end should never really have got it . 
  we could have dropped each one at the first sign of trouble but we fought for them some times they where `` saved '' from other empires . 
  many colonies preferred british rule to other empires , does n't excuse the bad thing we did but it can not be ignored that we did a lot of good . 
  we have 1/4 of the worlds population under our control , not bad really . 
  britain built up a large portion of asia , creating india , the fortress singapore , saving malaysia from communism before we handed it over and more importantly hong kong went from a swamp to a global trade city in 99 years . 
  hard to imagine how asia would have turned out without british intervention . 
  we kept our military base there until you learn to love them . 
  your the stubborn child . 
  agreed, 
  in the uk unless you go to college or university you never get taught about empire . 
  every nation in ww1 and 2 was an `` independent '' nation because empire was never actually mentioned for any nation . 
  we do n't learn how our own nation was formed or that we had colonies . 
  we literally skip 500 years of history . 
  just because they are paid to make something does n't mean they are bias . 
  ofcom caught them out with those deals saying they do n't disclose them , but acknowledge the show is unbiased and the stands uncompromised . 
  the money the bbc gets off the eu amounts to a cup of coffee for every employee for 2 weeks . 
  i hate israel they are the agressors in that conflict and if you think any differently you are anti-sematic . 
  considering the eu stopped giving money to israel for development means there is some facts to support this argument . 
  so bias to palestine is fairly fine because it 's probably got lots of facts to back it up . 
  the bbc is biased to everybody in the country so i say it 's doing its job . 
  it 's had cases of being biased but few and far between, 
  is britain the only country that does n't use tear gas against anybody as all on their own soil ? 
  if most people are to be believed beating germany in the world cup 60 fucking years ago, 
  not if the tories have anything to say about it * bans porn *, 
  im straight as that lamp post over there but i did a couple of gay things . 
  you do n't know if you do n't at least experiment . 
  hell most guys will admit a guy is good looking but when your younger you ca n't help but feel that this means your gay . 
  once again , insults where uncalled for . 
  i did n't insult you , you could have had a mature discussion but you decided not to . 
  / end, 
  i said we have enough land because 95 % of the country is unurbanized , you said i was wrong , i proved you wrong . 
  why the insult ? 
  look it up , its true . 
  [ even better i 'll save you the trouble ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18623096 ), 
  ignorance is bliss mate . 
  your country and military was also rebuilt to help fight the soviets if they invaded west germany . 
   `` lack of solidarity '' , `` cowardice '' or `` freeriding '' i do n't see it that way , only those who understand why you refuse to get involved do , ignorance is something you should ignore . 
  i mean look at the uk , we cut our military massively over the last few years and everybody was thinking `` are they looking inwards and going to do less on the world stage ? '' . 
  you can use your military for good like off the coast of somali or the un peace keeping force , help britain and france build a eu military and get everybody else pulling their weight a little more . 
  germany standing off to the side saying `` i am not really interested , sorry guys '' makes everybody else take a back seat too . 
  germany is frozen in the `` we know what happened , we do n't want to do it again '' mind set and feels building and maintaining a military helps keeps its pacifist ideals . 
  there is a saying `` if you buy a tank , you might as well use it '' . 
  germany really should learn from britain and france to look more outwards at least . 
  asking who will join the eu military is like asking who would be a un peacekeeper . 
  the answer is already right in front of you . 
  obama jumped you into an illegal war , congress was like `` wtf do you think your doing , we 'll have non of that '' and then it was a london-paris operation ... though they tried to get nato to take over command ... . and the top dog is american . 
  i think people have forgotten just how powerful europe is , consider we had 1 country go to war for 6 years and conquer a continent and almost win against the world . 
  britain fought around the world trying to stop germany expanding else where as well as having to deal with japan and keep sea lanes open . 
  europe if it needs too will very quickly go into total war mode that would make even russia think `` oh shit , bad move '' . 
  people seem to miss this and then go and suck on america 's dick about being the best . 
  britain is 95 % unpaved ... we have a shit ton of land , live in 5 % of the country . 
  the lack of houses are the problem . 
  we would keep south scotland and they can have north scotland ... . 
  i do n't believe we do in britain . 
  kind of hard for us not to win , we have been winning since ... 1066 . 
  in the uk every child gets an education regardless of how much money their family has , they get free school meals also including breakfast and free uniforms . 
  homeless people have charities which people regularly donate to , the most iconic is the salvation army for helping the homeless with accommodation ... many homeless however choose not to use them . 
  also the nhs covers you regardless if you pay tax or not so again no hospital fee 's . 
  well a girl i know said she was homeless , got into a hostel for a week and they found her a flat to live in and she get 's benefits to help pay her bills . 
  our country is built around supporting the poor to keep people out of poverty . 
  if people do n't use the systems that is n't our fault , most of those who do n't are drunks/druggies and just for food for though , the homeless guy my nan gives food and clothes too nearly every week gets mugged by other homeless people for his clothes and food . 
  most homeless are not nice people . 
  ( depends on the country of course . ), 
  so you are just sat on the street , playing music with your case open/empty box next to your just because you enjoy it ? 
  some people go out and busk when they do n't need to because they can get some extra cash despite having some new trainers and iwatch i 'll admit but that 's just rubbing people 's noses in it . 
  considering people walk around with their starbucks coffee this analogy does n't work . 
  we have no issues with homeless people walking around and asking for some money ( most people buy them food so they do n't spend it on drugs or booze ) as long as there are not too many and they are not bothering people . 
  camping in the high street and being obstructive is where people draw the line and being homeless does n't put you above the law . 
  i knew you would end up bringing up `` work '' . 
  you are on the street asking people for money to help get your next meal , some people have made themselves look homeless and play music in the city center with a dog to make people symaphise with them to give them money . 
  if you own a business people come to you , not you go to them . 
  they buy your products , they do n't give you a quid because they feel bad for you and expect nothing in return . 
  busking is a better form of begging , trying to pass off as anything else is pretty sad , you are doing something for people to give you money because you have no other way to get it . 
  i will put my hand up and say i was wrong about glasgow . 
  have you slept on concrete in a town center where no transport even goes near ? 
  where lights are on all night ? 
  this is britain we are talking about , the only underground he have is in london there is n't one in manchester . 
  if you want to pee , do it in a bush/behind a tree , you are helping the environment so no point using a sewer . 
  people want easy access to food and money so they go and beg where people are , these guys took it to the next level and literally sleep there . 
  like i said them sleeping there impacts the businesses around them and causes passerby 's to not like them because of how the area looks with them in it and makes them feel uncomfortable . 
  manchester is a big city with no doubt plenty of homeless people ... where are those guys living ? 
  not in a bloody city center that 's for sure . 
  ps : when was the last time you went camping and thought `` lets not set up camp in the field , the city center is just 20 minutes away and the there is a mcdonalds there for breakfast '' . 
  looked it up , must be an american thing . 
  i know if you save somebody and they break a leg while you are saving them people have been sued because you caused that leg to break by saving them . 
  we did though at the time , families left for australia to look for new lives and people from the colonies took their place in the uk and helped rebuild it . 
  i often bring it up in immigration topics saying how they helped build this country so what 's the problem ? 
  the argument comes down to jobs and pay ... . the problem is people attack those getting the jobs , not the ones who decide gets the jobs . 
  my fury is on the employer not the employed . 
  but hey , immigrants are easier to hate . 
  seen britain shrug that effect off in the last few months , lifting buses and taxi 's off people . 
  but yea kind of a shitty effect . 
  in the uk if you want to kill yourself and somebody stops you by force , you can then in turn sue the bastard for stopping you . 
  so people now just stand watch and wonder what to do . 
  mate in my town we have a homeless guy called johnny welly man , he is a town icon and people made a twitter and facebook page for the guy .
