  jesus christ , we have control of our borders , we choose who gets in legally . 
  look it up . 
  im sick of tired of that fucking argument . 
  the leave does it themselves we spend # 30 billion ( actually # 10 billion ) on europe , so if we leave we can put # 325 million a day in the nhs ... . but they admitted there would be a # 30 billion budget cut . 
  the math just does n't add up , add no trade partners to that and i ask , where the hell is the money coming from ? 
  this is from micheal gove ... the education minister . 
   so that one would n't be able to see romania is part of eu still blocked from the free movement , looked it up on monday . 
  wages going up so you can feed yourself does n't mean jack shit , in normal terms that would mean `` nothing has changed except the number on both ends '' . 
  everybody i talk to wants to vote leave , for one reason . 
  immigration , that is it , they do n't give a flying fuck about anything else , about 10 people in work plus my family ( 3 of them at least ) . 
  then i read the paper which still gave incorrect info and pushed heavily to leave without having arguments for remain , i believe they say there is no good reason to stay ( the sun ) , im sick of the lies , the media does n't give a damn what happens . 
  stocks ? 
  but they do n't say why , only that it will and ww3, 
   no one ever gave us the choice whether to stop gassing the jews or not , and i do n't think that was a bad thing . 
  you mean not being given the choice to gas them right ? 
  not that gassing them was not a bad thing ... 
  because people are believing and defending them . 
  plus if nobody who should know the facts is saying them , how are you supposed to hold them accountable ? 
  both sides have said very little about facts and just do n't fear mongering . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  it 's one more step between the destruction of the uk . 
  we will go from one country to a bunch of small states with 1 head of state with 1 state paying for another so we are back to square one and weaker . 
  why ? 
  our royal family is awesome . . 
  because most brits do n't know that . 
  all they hear is open borders and politicians saying `` we need control of our borders '' which we already have ... 
  well kent was caught using bad wording in one of their leaflets trying to sway people into voting remain . 
  as long as the wording can not be misinterpreted , you can say what you like , it 's up to the voter to find the truth . 
  i heard this from a law student voting out . 
  we also heard it during the scottish referendum . 
  shhhhh, 
  no erdogans sadly . 
  you wot mate ? 
  is n't cloning illegal ? 
  she took the `` long live '' part of the anthem a little serious . 
  long live our immortal queen liz !, 
  the funny thing is , she assumes that will happen . 
  i have absolutely no clue on how to change her mind . 
  true ... technically it 's the same thing just in a different way :p, 
  oh i know , to be fair we do n't need to be in it to fix the euro issue since we do n't use the euro  i want a united europe and see the union as a good way to fix everything , some people do n't unfortunately . 
  can you fly ? 
  geese is a bird , greece is a the country , 
  i read that as `` australia choose geese as top holiday '' ... 
  so interesting i wo n't vote , i do n't like anybody we could vote for unless something changes in the next 3 and a half years . 
  mate , i know this , you know this , i even explained it to my mum that nothing would change immigration wise with voting leave . 
  but she does n't care :( she wants to make a `` informed decision '' but ignores anything that suggests remain is the better option . 
  she has always been closed minded . 
  that got old 5 months ago . 
  see , even god envisioned the creation of the eu , so it 's a sign we should stay !!, 
  new background , thank you, 
  he 's a lovable oaf and a good entertainer , prince philip is a racist and sexist pig of a man but everybody finds him hysterical and we would n't change him for the world . 
   and the nation wo n't even be able to affect immigration we already control immigration, 
  i wish it was that easy with a membership . 
  they have weight which is why they are asked to promote products and agenda 's . 
  if somebody is your `` hero '' then surely everything they do you agree with . 
   and that you are just one of many millions of young brits who do n't want this , but who has to inherit the britain her generation leaves behind . 
  at the end of the day this is pretty much a generation war , the elderly want to stick it to the man and see immigration as an issue and they wo n't feel the negative sides of leaving for long . 
  the younger more information and globally connected youth want to stay but some can not vote for various reasons including being lazy . 
  this is going to be a scary referendum . 
   will be robotized and or automated , this means that there will be in the near future not enough work for everyone . 
  that is n't a bad thing at all , unfortunately there is a painful transition between the switch of human labour to automated labour and we are not helping ourselves by dragging it out . 
  if we do n't have to work our economy and society will change to suit , we 'll be a horse and free to do as we please . 
  look up `` humans may not apply '' by cpg grey on youtube for a more informed look on the situation . 
  source on that ? 
  i mean i see it as plausible since they are already planning laws to put into place but still . 
  actually they can not legally go to the uk from ireland and vise-versa without a passport if they are not a citizen of either country . 
  tax payer means people who pay tax . 
  those tax payers pay for the license fee , i guess i should have said license fee payers but they are pretty much the same people . 
  oh i brought up the ireland thing she is fine with that `` because we do n't see each other as foreigners '' < -- i said the quote by the way not her but she agreed with that and used it as the only reason we have no border and why we and every other nation bring back border control . 
  there is no arguing with her . 
  if saying `` we have no trade agreements that we made with countries inside the eu except 3rd world countries so we will struggle economically '' is not a good reason to stay then there is no getting through . 
  license fee . 
  she said one thing i had no argument for . 
  she wants borders back in the eu so people can not be smuggled across 1 border , walk freely across it ... as well potentially get smuggled into the uk since borders would make it harder . 
  i had no real counter to that :( and that 's all she needs to vote out , unless you can find me a good answer to stop it without borders . 
  just shown this to my mum she will still vote leave because 1 . 
  this guy has been paid to answer questions by the remain campaign and the bbc ( kind of his job but what ever ) 2 . 
  immigration . 
  fun facts she had no idea we where not in the schengen area and what countries are in it and how it works ( i thought romania was in it a quick wiki search to educate her shown it was not ) . 
  basically this whole debate for he is `` immigration '' . 
  i like to think this is the entire leave campaign . 
  oh and jean-claude juncker is not the head of the eu , angela merkel is apparently / facepalm, 
  you can never be too sure with this referendum debate , you hear some stupid stuff . 
  this is from a guy saying `` rich people with cars '' to invalidate their opinions without actually coming up with a reason as why they are wrong . 
  maybe you should go . 
  to who exactly ? 
  the governments would decide what action to take on a joint basis ( think of your governments war cabinet just with 27 other heads of state ) . 
  1 government can not over rule the other 27 and the army is still bound by the un and no doubt if the eu becomes part of nato then nato will bind it too . 
  these old men and cars travel around and experience europe first hand . 
  the other old men normally have tanks , jets , nuclear missiles and other objects of destruction focusing on `` how could other nations attack us and how do we defend against it '' or `` how could we beat the other nation in a war '' . 
  one is focused on deterrent and destruction , the other is pretty much living like everybody else despite the large amount of money , posh cars and camera crew ... . sounds like a politician . 
  you have `` admirals '' talking about how best keep the uk safe , despite the fact they where no doubt involved in the military cooperation deal we made with france when it came to both nations sharing their navies to protect each others interests . 
  the people talking about cars just gave a good example of why we should remain in europe , the former leaders of the british military seem to believe a european army is a bad idea despite the overwhelming evidence that if it happened , the uk would be at the forefront of it . 
  as a german minister once said `` a european army without britain would be like a knife without a blade '' . 
  why would we not be secure in a venture we would be at the head of ? 
  wow , easy there europe . 
  no doubt this scared the shit out of the men . 
  alright think of it this way . 
  the eu saved tax payers money by helping top gear and other shows that take part in europe deal with less red tape which means higher quality shows and more of them thanks to saving money . 
  oddly enough a union is one good way to fix the euro problem , england did that with scotland , the scottish currency was fluctuating everywhere so the english pegged it to the pound .
