  this is coming from somebody in turkey ? 
  also how would brexit fix anything like this ? 
  it 's a national affair nothing to do with the eu in anyway . 
  if we share traits with other species then it 's normal to assume that it 's natural . 
  the things you listed are to describe not normal behavior in people , the fact that lots of people are gay/lesbian just goes to show it is natural , to go even further it 's suggested the majority of women are bisexual ... at least when drunk . 
  it 's perfectly normal and natural for our species , it 's gone from a few rare occurrences in the past of people being openly gay to millions of people openly coming out because they wo n't be killed . 
   it 's not unnatural in some way . 
  basic knowledge of sex and human reproduction makes this obvious . 
  most species have same sex mating so it 's not unnatural , we are just taught through the centuries that it is . 
  i like to see it as nature 's population control . 
  but we are turning our packs on a peace project that is benefiting many of those allies . 
  it was our stubboness and our empire that stopped us becoming founding members and now we are crying fowl and are stopping closer union , the eu has already accepted a 2 track europe so we have won that battle on behalf of our friends who think the same as us . 
  so why do we need to leave ? 
  if we leave we will damage the eu and in extreme cases destroy it . 
  the fact that some people have suggested that we leave just to make a new version says a lot , we want to lead not follow and that 's the problem nobody wants to say . 
  i am not saying we should stay because of the war or a potential war in the future , we are more than happy to use the war to remember why we have freedom of speech , democracy , the nhs and why we should keep those things . 
  the other positive thing britain got from the war was the eu , yes it 's going through a rough patch but when have we ever turned around and said `` im sick of this , im gone '' ? 
  we said a united continent was a good thing , people believe we can have the same things we have now if we leave the eu because we had it in the past , that was an argument used by the snp and everybody called bullshit on it . 
  why is it so different now ? 
  it 's definitely the english crying fowl ( i am english btw ) and the older generation who are super nationalistic and conservative in their views . 
  at the end of the day if we leave we pretty much cut 50 % of our trade until we make new deals which will take years with no guarantee of standards we are used to in the eu because our government is more than happy to score brownie points rather than grow a back bone . 
  tariffs may damage investment and job creation , we will be in recession but i guess we 'll have control of our borders which our 3 patrol ships can keep secure !, 
   those of us who do still remember ought to give thanks every day for the existence of that island separated from us only by a narrow strip of sea . 
  without it , it is probable that the entire continent would have suffered the consequences of a crushing victory by hitler . 
  simply knowing that this small island spent years resisting tyranny and invasion is enough to make us all want to be able to count on its continuing presence , and always to be on the same side , whether in wartime or during long years of peace . 
  we want to keep it as close to us as possible , even if only for purely selfish reasons and in order to save us from ourselves . 
  this guy ... i like him , i do think that the british ourselves have to remember that war too and why we fought , to protect and defend our allies , we poured money , blood , sweat and tears into that war to defend them . 
  why are we so eager to turn our backs now ? 
  it 's not something the young need to consider because the young feel like europeans , but it 's something the older generation needs to remember . 
  no such thing as bad advertisement . 
  it felt a bit strange to bury somebody who ran the country with a head intact . 
  ouch , low blow . 
  i was actually going along with the quip , oh well you are part german . 
  * throws a bomb at you :p, 
   nobody works for 10 or 12 hours a day . 
  erm , should i just ignore my 3-4 12 hour shifts and pretend they are 8 hours ? 
  to be fair everybody got bombed , we had missiles pointed at us -_- not sure if that is a compliment or a bad thing . 
  i was n't saying sweden can , i was just saying immigration can help the economy if the country accepting them has the means to support them . 
  so like the uk is struggling to fill traditional trades ( plumbers , builders , etc ) the immigrants can come in and find work which allows the country to function as well as more tax payers . 
  it can , if the immigrants take the jobs the people do n't want or ca n't fill like manual trades such as builders or plumbers . 
  brits and irish , we had a little fight but still close dependable allies, 
  of course i am , they fight for britain . 
  gurkhas are awesome !, 
  is this rare ? 
  i mean i also expect this from the british police , they are a very helpful and cheerful bunch 90 % of the time . 
  neither did wales , scotland or ireland ... or any other place the english/british conquered . 
  what is your point ? 
  canada jumped into ww1 and ww2 within days of britain declaring war , there was no guarantee britain would win in either wars but they did it anyway . 
  canada has a stronger historical and cultural link to the uk than the usa , do n't forget australia and nz would probably join in on britain 's side too . 
  the argument is n't about who will win , but who would they more likely ally with . 
  erm ... 1 country made the holocaust , 1 country built an empire of which 80 % of the population was black . 
  ca n't paint a whole continent with 1 brush . 
   ( and would probably have a hard time dying for their `` oppressors '' in the first place ) well the video said india had no conscription and had no obligation to join the war but built an army of 1.7 million people same with canada , aus , nz and south africa . 
  they declared independently yet still put their lives on the line for the empire , say what you will about the british empire but at the end of the day , the colonies where ready to defend it and still keep close ties today . 
  it makes a change because we only ever hear `` british did n't die they sent colonial 's to be massacred '' and all that jazz . 
  so it 's refreshing to hear that . 
  if there is any force american 's want as reinforcements , it 's the british . 
  canada does n't like the usa enough to join as a state because of the whole 1812 invasion thing . 
  also pretty sure canada would pick the uk over the usa when if it came to a war between the 2 . 
  we put hundreds and thousands in camps , many times , get gud buh, 
  they fucked a lot of our women . 
  to be fair at the time we had the worlds largest empire and fighting germany alone , just now the circumstances have switched . 
  i remember hearing that american troops where told that even though the brits looked weak ( forgot the slang they used ) do n't underestimate the brits because they are as tough as they come . 
  the workshop of the world ... . of which the world consists of a 1000 tiny islands surrounding 2 big ones xd, 
  you had half of scotland feel like they could get everything they ever wanted and keep what they have and still be rich ... or at least # 50 better off ... despite having a different currency even after the uk said no you ca n't use the sterling . 
  so it 's safe to assume 50 % of the uk is at least that dumb !, 
  the thing is , we are not part of schengen so we have control of our borders , you need a passport and visa to get here . 
  i am voting to remain a bunch of my mates are but my family is voting to leave , including my younger bro i keep getting told by my mum to pick the `` right option '' ... why they want to leave ? 
  immigration . 
  history disagrees . 
  you know , i hate how the usa always has to be on these bloody things no matter where on the list they are . 
  religion has no place in the world today so why keep it around ? 
  it 's a tool to control other people and to benefit the few . 
  i did , she does n't believe me because `` i want control of borders back '' !, 
  my mum thinks it will effect us :(, 
  dunno the history of other nations so i really can not comment . 
  homosapians are from africa , other humans where not , im not gon na lie , that kinda bothers me that we just ignore the fact that anything before us is `` human '' . 
  actually the eu sceptic party ukip was getting more popular , the tories got scared and offered a referendum and then put it into law that we will have one before the end of 2017 . 
  native britons are long dead , they do n't exist . 
  keep in mind a lot of europeans are white too , so you can play with those stats how you want . 
  i think it helps in the internet age to feel more than a national of your own country , we talk to people outside the uk like 1000x more than our parents have/will so it 's easier to see the bigger picture . 
   a lot more non-natives if they are born here they are natives so that is a bad example , i know where you coming from though . 
  im sure you can google them and print them off , it 'll cost 10 rubles . 
  hold on ... 
  since when did an independent country have to pay another independent and invading power money to change the name of it 's own city ? 
  well technically countries are moving due to tectonic plates . 
  but if you do n't like pedantics then my answer to that would be `` shrug '', 
  if it is a moving target then yes . 
  erm . 
  1 ) what northern territories ? 
  2 ) why would n't they in the first place ? 
  man i guess im lucky with the uk having nukes i do n't have to be concerned about a nuclear attack tbh . 
  i never really considered the opinions of our allies about how they feel with close neighbours holding these weapons like bringing a nuke to a knife fight . 
  right ok i was gon na say , germany is not exactly known for invading the middle east and africa unlike britain and france . 
  does it not scare you knowing you have 2 countries right next you willing to nuke your country if the situation requires it ? 
   actually my country puts amongst the most lives and ressources on the line for defence . 
  erm ... it does ? 
  are we talking out of all european states here ? 
  i will put it this way , if they could ban it outright then nearly every country would . 
  sadly smokers would riot because they crave nicotine so the best bet is to get people to quit before banning it outright .
