  as a fun little fact , the flag is in fact not the official flag of the uk , infact the uk has no official flag , just for some reason that design stuck around and nobody complained . 
  russians , chinese , brazilians , indians . 
  my brother works at jaguar, 
  it 's like talking to a brick wall . 
  actually even the brick wall can give a better argument . 
  oh trust me im just as annoyed at doctors ... . . namely gp 's . 
  also have you never heard of work based learning ? 
  a nvq ? 
  the fact that you are clueless about what you can do in college tells me non of your family are actually teachers because they would know what courses you can do in college and university because they would have gone themselves . 
  so go take your ignorance somewhere else . 
  edit :  what are you talking about ? 
  who cares who you liked ? 
  you 're not a teenager anymore , you 've presumably got a job . 
  you do n't degrade someone 's profession because of some juvenile falling out with them . 
  they 're hardworking professionals who educate with your kids for you and deal with your complaints and you may not like them but for that you owe them your respect . 
  your kidding right ? 
  if teachers suck at the job then whats to like ? 
  if they ca n't be assed teaching and would rather cheat the system why the fuck should i like them ? 
  they are not hard working people when they do everything they can not to work but still get the wage . 
  well for starters i was a junior it technician so i was part of the support staff , that part you got right but not quite washing floors . 
  so i obviously had a lot of first hand experience in the classroom and with both pupils and teachers and trust me some teachers you saw a couple times a year and drove cars like i mentioned . 
  i had to work through the summer holidays and half terms so i was in 4 months longer than them , i did n't leave the site before most of them had gone home and i was n't paid a penny . 
  ( because my boss the it manager was a cunt and refused to sign my ema time sheets which is illegal btw ) . 
  there where only a few teachers i liked , they even had a couple of strikes while i was working there and the reasons for them was so petty i wanted to actually go into work just for spite , but my work mates talked me out of the idea because there was no point of making enemies . 
  that combined with the teachers i know from multiple schools coming into my shop , what friends say amongst others it 's safe to say teachers moan a lot but do n't actually do as much as they say . 
  these days they hand out work sheets and video 's from teaching websites ( so they do n't need to do anything themselves when it comes to planning classes ) and copy things out of a text book ... that 's if they turn up for work at all . 
  like i said that is n't everybody but easily the majority . 
  i do n't argue many teachers work hard , but when i see teachers leave work on sick for 6 months , come back for 2 weeks and do it again to make sure they get full sick pay for 12 months or do the same with pregnancy and then they turn around and demand a pay rise and complain they work hard and not appreciated i get pissed off . 
  remember when everybody was losing their jobs , teachers where demanding more money ... why ? 
  they had a job and the more money they demanded the less likely anybody could get a job there , which would make there work load bigger . 
  unfortunately teachers do n't care about the next generation like they preach , they care about their wallets , because if they did care they would n't strike so much . 
  that 's quite the assumption , i like how you are trying to validate your argument by saying i was a janitor . 
  also have you never heard of work based learning ? 
  you go to college for that . 
  i 'll end this argument here since you clearly have no idea what the fuck you are talking about and instead turned to insulting me instead . 
  yea just ignore the guy who worked in a school because he clearly knows nothing . 
  i have actually , many of them are friends and they post shit all the time on facebook about school and what should change . 
  i have also worked in a school between the ages of 16-18 , also a lot of them come into my chippy so trust me i know what they are like . 
  i did n't say you should care i just said it 's not these countries that want a war , it 's russia growing a hissy fit . 
  also most nations want irish unification , even britain would but at the same time both ireland and the uk respect the wishes of those living in northern ireland . 
  in regards to argentina most countries in europe actually support the falkland islanders , spain is the only country i am aware of that supports argentina 's claim ( in europe ) and that 's only because of gibraltar . 
  if eastern european states want to join nato and the eu then they should have the right to do so , the only people complaining is russia and because they start wars to prevent them joining the eu and nato other eu nations start complaining that they should n't be allowed to join . 
  you are doing exactly what russia wants by saying `` keep them out '' . 
  nobody is forcing them to join except rather ironically russia because they want defense against russian aggression . 
  they get several months holiday and drive bmw 's and porches plus get money back on things they buy for use in class . 
  ( they campaigned a few years ago to include laptops , phones and tablets in that , quite sad really . ), 
  i think they can handle a little bit of paid overtime , after all if you ask most teachers they work 18 hours a day . 
  ( apparently ) so yea good luck paying all that over time and having staff , heck even keeping the school open would be impossible if teachers demands are met . 
  so ... give everybody part time work ? 
  how are we going to pay bills without having multiple job thus making the labour market smaller ? 
  the only idiots looking for war is russia . 
  do what i say or i 'll nuke you !, 
  your know your doing your job when everybody hates you haha, 
  the bbc only needs to be impartial for the month or so before the referendum like all the other media . 
  despite the bbc is is supposed to be impartial already, 
  education does cut teen pregnancies , before they have no clue about safe sex , now they do so they do it . 
  education is the single thing that can change the world but at the same time nobody wants to teach the important stuff . 
  for those curious , sex ed in the uk is mostly `` sex gives you std 's '' . 
  . . pretty much it . 
  oh and this is a condom . 
  i thought you stopped us or something , been a while since i read up on it . 
  we saved your royals though , 
  apparently portugal did n't get involved in the war as a way to stop spain entering on the axis ... you gave britain access to resources in your african colonies thanks to our ever lasting alliance . 
  ( only when we asked for them , and you was willing to join the war if britain asked for your assistance but we used you guys to keep spain out of it . ), 
  even the american 's raped and plundered , the west has pretty shit propaganda apparently . 
  well once we knew germany could n't use you ( thanks to d-day ) we had no reason to hold on to you , iceland was just a precautionary invasion so you did n't become a nazi springboard like norway . 
  also your welcome guys !, 
  we wanted to invade norway ( like we did iceland ) to stop germany conquering you and stop them using you as a spring board for an invasion ( same reason we invaded iceland ) . 
  unfortunately you refused to allow our forces to enter norway and sweden was being neutral ( being friends with germany secretly ) so we could n't stop the german advance north . 
  change `` english '' to `` american '' and your spot on . 
  never heard a brit saying you would be speaking german if it was n't for us . 
  we hold it above the heads of france and germany , somebody has to knock them down a peg or 2 . 
  we also tell the americans to stfu they did n't save us , they helped us save europe . 
  people think they dragged us into libya as well , despite that being a french-anglo coalition . 
  britain is n't a `` maybe '' it 's a 100 % certainty we will go to war to defend the eu , your allies for starters and allies do n't turn their backs on each other . 
  even if the usa was n't involved britain would be on the front lines , australia and canada will come to britain 's aid like they did in the past and no doubt eastern europe will rally with us . 
  france would jump in along side britain or america , not sure they would go in alone though with eastern europe . 
  to be fair , washington backed off the minute britain said no , i can guarantee if britain said yes it would happened within the week . 
  how many people wanted war which ended up happening anyway ? 
  welcome to human history , this is non news as far as im concerned . 
  the government will start the call for war , the military will engage , propaganda will start and people will be conscripted into the armed forces ( depending on the size and scale of said conflict ) . 
  no civilian really wants to go to war , not even those in the armed forces , difference is , one is a job and trained to do it no questions asked . 
  new york and london is like 1 point difference and change regularly during the year . 
  has to be britain , we stayed the fuck out . 
  some times you need to listen to your head and not your heart . 
  pyongyang more like . 
  north korea is best korea, 
  it would be in britain and we would complain about all the foreigners coming over here . 
  i came into this thread to say the same thing , wow time flies :'(, 
  was n't there an war game about a fight against iran in the persian gulf ? 
  a general used small boats with bombs to sink the american fleet and it was so devastating a loss , they refused to acknowledge the results and tried to keep it a secret . 
  the typhoon was built to be unstable to make it more maneuverable . 
  does n't the raf and usaf hold these regularly ? 
  not much prestige in that to be fair . 
  just to add , the french had the same planes as argentina and trained the raf pilots before they engaged in real combat . 
  we lost 1 sea harrier and the raf took down a good chunk of the argentinian air force , which was using more advanced planes compared to the sea harrier . 
  good pilots can over come a technical disadvantage . 
  considering the raf have the most advanced gen 4 plane in the world and have some of the best pilots in the world who are also combat veterans , something about this does n't ring true . 
  we beat argentina with sea harriers for crying out loud . 
  and everybody that does those jobs for a living suddenly lose their jobs/less hour because people are doing it for very little and in large numbers ... which only makes those numbers bigger .
