in greece we can drink from early age ( 12-13 yo )  german/british etc. 
  well yea you did imply because as a nation we `` do n't drink at a young age '' all of us are like this . 
  you are aware brits can drink from birth right ? 
  it 's up to the parents to decide when they start drinking . 
  we can not buy alcohol until 18 but we can drink what we want when we want , only those who buy it get punished and as long as your not doing something stupid the police will take you home not arrest you ... . or hospital which ever . 
  either way do n't judge a whole nation by a few retards that like to go overkill with the drinking , i would never end up like them ... . . except maybe eating out a girl in public but who would n't given the chance ? 
  every animal can choose not to give a shit , it 's not a human trait . 
  humans and animals are more like than you may like to notice . 
  we have few differences , our nature and what drives us is no different to every other creature , our societal rules are the same ... the men protect the women and the young . 
  to shrug that off is to ignore the truth . 
  men in all nations in all societies are seen as guardians and protectors of that society so that thought process is not new . 
  we see it in the lions pride , the male eats and sleeps and the females work with the understanding that male will have to put his life on the line to protect the females and cubs . 
  those lions that leave/removed by force and can not find another place to life suffer more than the females that are left behind . 
   baguettes it does . 
  wow your ships are bigger than ours . 
  britain had the combined number of the next 2 largest navies as standard , you just displace more water . 
  yea i know your navy is bigger than the next 10 combined ... but you did n't decide to make it that way . 
  the next 10 yea ... .28 nations in the eu . 
  out in the open sea 's the us navy would crush the european counterparts ... but off the european main land , no such hope ... especially in the channel and north sea ... . . those waters a notorious for being a pain to sail in and the surrounding nations are used to those conditions . 
  home field advantage plays a large part . 
  how would the american air force ... .2000 planes on your carriers ? 
  win against an air force over home territory backed up by sam missiles amongst other aa weapons on the main land ? 
  you would have limited supply vs an air force which has plenty of supplies to keep the fighting up . 
  that was one reason germany could n't beat the raf in the battle of britain , because we was fighting over home territory and had aa cannons helping out ... german planes had to give up and turn back to france . 
  this time you 'll be retreating to your carriers and fighting more advanced aa weaponary . 
  only in open sea 's would your air force win . 
  people forget easily the strength of europe , after ww2 it neutered itself to stop it from waging any more wars , it dismantled it 's various empires to stop it from causing a global war . 
  in all out war europe has the advantage but like i said , navy vs navy its anybody guess , in blue water american wins , in regional water europe wins . 
  ( unless its the coast of america . 
  air force out at sea , america wins , around land , europe wins . 
  ( unless its the coast of america . 
  at what point does 500 vs 300 = who knows confuse you ? 
  if a naval force with 200 + ships will struggle against a numerical inferior force then clearly i took all of that into account . 
  [ us navy = 273 ships ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_navy ) [ european combined navy = 563 commissioned warships ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union#naval_forces ) also yes the us navy is the largest single naval force next to any other single country , but this thread is about the combined naval forces of europe . 
  i agreed with the air force but not with the size of your navy compared to a joint european navy ... . i even claimed it might not even be able to beat yours because the tech between the usa and most eu states is pretty large , only 3-4 nations can compete or better the usa with technology , britain being the main candidate . 
  also the eu has more land forces than the us and can field a larger force cheaper than the us can ... ... in an all out war , the eu would win without a doubt ... but navy vs navy and air force vs air force ... who knows ? 
  i know right , that 's the money maker right there . 
   bit longer that 's what he said before they met up , that 's why they end up in divorce, 
  you guys learned from the best , keep your enemy away from you and take the fight to them . 
  just because it looks a lot on paper ( all the icons ) the eu naval forces combined is larger than the us navy . 
  so is our combined land force . 
  only the us has more planes in it 's air force . 
  the only problem most of the european military is not as technologically advanced as britain , france or germany so the whole military ca n't compete too well with the usa . 
  so it would be before you guys then . 
  before the saxons and the romans . 
  did you rape em before or after the romans turned up ? 
  also why the fuck am i being downvoted for saying something factual ? 
  because it does n't suit the agenda ? 
  try and find a true brit on these islands . 
  you ca n't we have been multinational since the romans found us . 
  the uk and france are practically equal , always have been , we just won the most wars . 
  it 's why we where rival 's only france could challenge us . 
  did n't know that , the only men you see on the video 's are the dj , bar man , camera man and the guys that have sex, 
  ca n't ... . only women are allowed in, 
  i do n't like viruses, 
  true but pornhub does n't have the 1 hour versions . 
  really difficult to get the full dvd video 's online haha, 
  party-hardcore porn is great , should be on your tourist board . 
  if only the british joined you , those lines would have been the best lines in the world . 
  huh a queen consort ... . ( just looked it up ) news to me . 
  so your saying `` prince '' philip is a king ? 
  you think kate will be queen ? 
  does n't work that way . 
  if you look at our history we have a handful of queens , by your logic it should be equal numbers . 
  contact them , they give you the info to stick on the box/send you the envelope and mail back . 
  it 's that easy in the uk , was that easy to send an ipod back to apple . 
  you sure your delivery service is n't just shit ? 
  camilla will never be queen , the uk does n't run the king and queen thing , it 's one or the other . 
  the partner is a royal consort or something, 
  keep in mind there is nothing to say charles can not do that , it 's expected of him because he is the future king but until he gets on the throne he can speak his mind . 
  as long as he keeps his gob shut when he becomes king we should be fine ... . ish, 
  which is her job , to keep her opinions to herself and not even the pm should know . 
  so ... . . world war z is coming true , first a fence , then a wall, 
  most did n't say a word not because of pay checks because those that knew where also involved and did n't want to get ratted out . 
   russian vloggers ' videos on youtube so ... . . nothing professional . 
  professional journalists and news stations will be taken more seriously than a few vloggers on youtube . 
  well once it came out they did n't shy away from doing stories on it , including putting it in their news based tv shows like have i got news for you . 
  the people at the top kept it a secret not the organization as a whole , ca n't blame 1000 people for the actions of a few, 
  you have never been free since 1925, 
  wednesday : not letting in refugees thursday the pictures are released friday : we are accepting thousands more refugees . 
  yea im fed up with this as well . 
  did n't france recently stop the delivery of russia 's warship ? 
  really ? 
  european armies where known to fight with a notion of honour and did what they could to not lose it by not going against the `` rules of engagement '' at the time . 
   muslim marriages are null '' considering i did n't say that all i , i too wonder where you got it from . 
  if the uk does n't recognize a certain type of marriage ceremony then it 's illegal end of . 
  they do n't stop islamic weddings , but sharia law is illegal in the uk so any marriage under that law is also illegal, 
  they are not legal in the uk so ca n't get a marriage license . 
  100,000 is n't that much in a country of 62 million . 
  do n't let let the sensationalism trick you . 
  no those marriages that are done under sharia law meaning you beat the ever living shit out your wife and stone her for letting people force themselves on her side of islam . 
  the kind we do n't want . 
  the germans and russki 's need another 100 years to get close to us , 
  that propaganda . 
  oliver cromwell i agree , but the rest is nonsense mate . 
  it was protestant britain and catholic ireland . 
  it 's no excuse but things where a lot different back then as they are now , many things would have added up to make the famine worse , does n't mean anybody wanted it to happen though, 
  think of the time period , think about how much food would be needed to stop the famine , how spread out it was . 
  it was a logistical nightmare , your talk about not only stopping food exports but at the same time needing to import food back to ireland . 
  ireland is a rather big place and small towns and villages dotted around the place .
