  well ... yea ... the other sounds like a normal day in glasgow . 
  you made the vocal minority cry for a vote most of us did n't want one but now we have it coming up we 'll vote to stay  those who want to stay are going to wind you guys up , 
  new deal or not i am still voting in regardless . 
  i mean they wo n't allow it for a while as a way of punishing us . 
  something like `` ooooooh so now you want to play ? 
  tough shit ! '', 
  for a while . 
  politicians can be childish and want to set examples . 
  look at mister serious over here . 
  i know these guys have a stereotype but they have a sense of humour when football is involved . 
  erm ... rugby league 2015 england beat new zealand i think that 's the only sport this country can win something at  . , 
  we will get charles soon . 
  considering how much we import from europe i do n't think there is a hurry to cut those ties even in if we leave . 
  some banks wo n't allow you to use your card in another country or charge you for drawing money out/using your card in another country . 
  so ... it 's kinda bad . 
  polling stations stay open until like 10pm from 7:30 am so there is no excuse . 
  cameron says he wo n't do a 3rd term . 
  ah the great british pass time of winding people up . 
  we got a whole subreddit for it , it 's party time !, 
  ireland will be welcome in america , the yanks would wonder how the fuck did the uk get over here and how can we send em back ? 
  i do believe if we became dedicated to the project good things would happen , i just feel like the eu will still not let us have a leading voice because of the vote . 
  then back to square one . 
  well apparently being in the no camp was a death sentence in glasgow so ca n't blame em . 
   keeping the pound was the first wedge in the union , erm ... we told you what would happen and what we warned came to pass , so do n't blame us , we have the right to say `` i told you so '' . 
  also the pound is the oldest currency in the world and one of the most powerful , we have far more purchasing power than other nations and you wanted us to attach ourselves to a weaker currency which is also connected to greece ? 
  history has done monetary unions before , france tried it too and it failed because of ... you guessed it , greece . 
  scotland used to fluctuate when it joined great britain and it caused problems so it got pegged the same as the pound and it 's been stable ever since ... it helped our economies where roughly equal . 
  for being the financial capital of the world you like to ignore london on financial matters . 
  brits are not exactly known to be push overs and getting told what to do by other countries so ... . we are stubbon folk . 
  those border concerns should be untouched unless the eu sticks it 's nose in , in that case the eu is to blame not britain . 
  a nation should not be punished because it 's people voted democratically to leave an organization , is a spiteful eu something we want to be a part of ? 
  im voting to stay but im sure the eu is n't dumb enough to force ireland and britain to change deals that existed before the eu did . 
  it kinda tells you a lot about how important the uk is to the eu . 
  if we was n't as important and wanted as we seem not to be on here , then these conditions would n't have been given . 
  junker said no renegotiation , if britain votes to leave we are out of europe end of story . 
  it 's hit in miss , i understand and can see both sides , just do the pro 's beat the cons . 
  phone tapping has been a thing for as long as phones have existed , just now it 's considered hacking which is still legal under certain circumstances . 
  ( basically governments can do it but individuals or businesses can not ... but still train people to do it or hire hackers if they are good enough ) . 
  the extent is worrying but the act is n't , the courts did n't outright say hacking is n't illegal because its still making ghcq follow guide lines to make it legal , if they breach those guidelines then what they do is illegal . 
  that 's the grey area . 
   according to the judgment , the legal structure under which warrants are issued for gchq to carry out equipment interference in the uk is compatible with the european convention on human rights . 
  hacking is fine under certain circumstances , it 's common knowledge this happens . 
  the scale is completely different . 
  hacking the phones and things `` people of interest '' are different to every single person for no reason, 
  consent is ignored on the basis of `` the child does n't know any better '' which is a bit unfair . 
  the law considers you dumb until a set age , does n't make it right or wrong . 
  does n't mean it 's wrong either . 
  being gay was punishable by death ... we grew up as a species and now they can marry and adopt . 
  this is along the same lines , nothing is inherently wrong with beastiality , just people do n't like the idea of it and ban it , same with incest . 
  can i just add this to the mix . 
  people ( scientists , vets or similar ) actually jack off male animals for their sperm if the animal itself is not fit to continue to mate for breed purposes , where do you think they got the panda sperm ? 
  also look up the teaching dolphins to speak english experiment , the dolphin would beat up the woman if she did n't jack it off . 
  some how that 's legal in countries where it is considered illegal . 
  got ta love law . 
  if the dog is on top railing the girl , i doubt that 's harm and can be considered consent . 
  just saying , animals actively go in pursuit if they know they can get it . 
  never seen dogs dry humping humans on youtube ? 
  it 's that harmful if the human went for it ? 
  but then if 2 people come along and 1 gets a pass and the other does n't then you get an argument , different people will behave in different ways . 
  1 guy might let somebody in , 1 guy might not , 1 guy might have had a bad day , the other just won the lottery and does n't give a shit and is quitting on friday, 
  the only people we have given that honour to was the gurkha and that was just recently but it was because they was n't under our rule ( napal ) but they fought for britain no questions asked . 
  extending that to everybody under british rule we would have half the world on our island . 
  commonwealth nations still have rights to travel to the uk , fight in the armed forces and work here but living here has it 's limits . 
  our courts can still block it , our laws already say mass sureillence should never be more than necessary to the problem it 's trying to fix . 
  so speed camera 's on every street corner where about 2 people a week are caught speeding is far too much and is therefore illegal . 
  a police force has already been told to remove speed camera 's for that reason . 
  not disagreeing with you but our laws do cover it a bit . 
  all of this stuff is under the guise of `` terrorism '' which is a `` pass any law you want '' situation , not quite as bad as the patriot act in the usa though or marshal law in france . 
  you are an idiot mate , i watched a show called sex education vs porn and they asked some elderly people in an episode if they knew how to use a condom and they said no . 
  they are known as the baby boomers ... apt name for that generation , highly religious , no safe sex and std 's going rife because of that generation . 
  so you think when things are worse it 's fine not to teach or inform ? 
  you 're an idiot plain n simple . 
  erm my first one was in year 6 i brought in a video about it ( how the body works video from the collection of books i read ) the class laughed at adam n eve naked in the intro and it was turned off because we was too immature ( i did n't laugh and was upset ) . 
  then 13-14 years old it was a nurse comes in shows you a condom and femidom , practice putting a condom on a dildo then use computers to took up sex education stuff . 
  was a few days of that , was crap really . 
   the media is relevant insomuch as it reflects public opinion . 
  not the other way around . 
  the general public do n't like being told what they can or ca n't eat/drink because cancer , or what they can or can not say because of political correctness yet it 's shoved on us in the news . 
  hardly reflecting people 's opinion . 
  nice to see malta still likes us :p, 
  because countries like little denmark who wish they could help actually exist ? 
  did n't it happen like 12 times in a few months during the crimea annexation ? 
  we have nato un eu joint ops national interests all from 1 nation 's military , the uk 's . 
  you could either ask the eu to make a military seperate from national ones and have people serve under the eu ... or have national armies have a force that is deployed on eu missions ( rotated like the other so that force gets a rest ) . 
  i see no reason why we ca n't except for the last of need . 
  if any nation will be able to push for a bigger eu military presence it will be a european one . 
  also if the uk is willing to be part and help fund a military in the eu the rest will fall in line , just right now with america around nobody see 's the reason to bother . 
  if britain is going somewhere , france will follow , it sees the uk as similar in wanting to stay relevant and besides the uk is providing assistance in africa . 
  i do , i also realize since the tories have come in they are making them harder . 
  for example ... all technology and software needs a back door !, 
  that 's not labour . 
  because america is putting forces in the area so they probably think whats the point ? 
  the eu needs forces on the eastern border , with no america somebody has to do something . 
  even if germany does n't do anything im sure britain and france would be happy to provide additional resources , considering those 2 are the military power houses and would jump in head first in the event of war . 
  germany has turned inwards since ww1 and ww2 and seem to not give a shit about anybody anymore and it 's showing . 
  if you look it up now you 'll see they are equal in numbers . 
  the cost comes from bases around the world , wages , constant deployment , recruiting , paying college fee 's , refits and refurbishment , upkeep , travel expenses . 
  paying for equipment . 
  tories are worse in the uk , every time they get power they increase the term from 4 years to 5 . 
  i do n't doubt you for a second mate , the law needs to catch up i will never argue against that .
