  that is vastly different to the stories you see in the news/tv, 
  i always look to the future , what if we come across another race , what if that races wants us dead/subjugate us . 
  if we disarm we can not fight back , i see our wars as our way to prepare for that time when ever it may be . 
  war has given us what we have today , it has had tremendous benefits albeit at a great loss . 
  every species needs to fight to survive , humans are no exception , does n't matter if we have guns and nuclear bombs , train monkeys to use a gun and no doubt they 'll shoot up their rivals as well . 
  we will fight each other until we have a unifying force to fight against , we shown the world can unite against a common foe , the problem is that foe was human and humans are the only threats we have at the moment . 
  if we fight aliens , we know those aliens are still out there and will focus our aggression and weapons on them . 
  i honestly can not , im not familiar with any wars before afghanistan and iraq 2 except for the falklands , vietnam and obviously the world wars . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  but if they have the capability to help keep the world safe then why not ? 
  also britain depends heavily on it 's navy so we literally have no choice in that regard . 
  was n't yugoslavia a un mission ? 
  if so i do n't count that was any nations fighting a war . 
  if a nation declares war or is part of a nato operation to a significant degree i do n't really see them as `` up for a fight '' more like `` hey guys we are here to help if you need us '' . 
  no disrespect to any of these countries and their militarizes what so ever , european nations are no push overs but how many of them do you really think would want to fight ? 
  i can think of denmark because i recall their pm saying `` why should the british and american 's die for us ? '', 
  and tried to help with supplies . 
  when it came to the falklands european nations gave moral support , norway giving important intelligence on argentinian forces , france training our air force and what not . 
  and correct me if im wrong but britain being a nato member was attacked by another nation which means article 5 should have dragged everybody else in ... only britain fought that war but did get other forms of help from other countries . 
  germany will be forced into a war it does n't want one way or another , unfortunately . 
  the weeks thing was an exaggeration i admit , i was n't sure on the time scale but wanted to point out it was n't long before the standing army was pretty much killed and the war effort became volunteers and conscripts . 
  also i know you need the standing army which is why i said you need to keep the training and infrastructure , this implies you have some sort of force ready to help train the new recruits when the time comes . 
  no doubt they would fight their asses off if attacked , but i do n't think they have the appetite for a full scale attack . 
  they have n't been an offensive type country since the poland-lithuania empire . 
  did n't they tell you ? 
  we are the self deprecating capital of the world bruh . 
  we can kick your ass and still say we are weak as fuck . 
  3rd times the charm , 
  it would be nice if we could fix things with words , but then our species would be at risk . 
  our fighting nature is the key survival weather we like it or not , look at us right now , largely disarmed and now scared of a fight , history always repeats itself question is , can we make the outcome different . 
  i understand germany 's point of view , 2 world wars has made europe a continent that does n't want to fight anymore , the only 2 countries that do want to fight are france and the uk . 
  everybody else looks at each other nevously and thinks `` we really should help them '' , `` yea we really should , hum dee hum '' * twiddles thumbs *, 
  you do n't have the firmest grasp at sarcasm , do you ? 
  i said france would fight along with the uk so why did you bring france in ? 
  i am aware poland went into iraq also ... just because they where there does n't mean they pulled their weight . 
  in afghanistan britain built giant bases which the american 's added smaller parts to . 
  the other countries where criticized in the media for not being much help . 
  also i do n't count un peace keeping missions as a nation fighting a war because its made up of troops from around the world working together , not a national agenda . 
  britain 's got them covered do n't worry  . , 
  on the plus side , europe is shockingly good at building armies in short notice , in both world wars the standing armies of europe where slaughtered in weeks the 5-6 years where fought by conscripts . 
  same will happen again so do european nations really need to waste money on a standing military that 'll be destroyed in no time ? 
  they just need to keep the training , the equipment and infrastructure to fight . 
  they do have a choice to honor it , they 'll have to deal with the political fallout and lose their allies for not helping . 
  you 'll be seen as nazi 's and cowards and a country nobody wants to be friends with . 
  ... you have kids with your wife ... . 
  pretty shit rule you got there , i do n't judge just do n't tell everybody you 'll get into trouble . 
  welcome to western life , every joke is offensive to somebody and will be used against you to ruin your life . 
  the only countries that you can rely on to mobilize troops are france and the uk , if any of the others join it would be a surprise , those 2 are the only countries in europe actively participating in any wars these days . 
  sure the germans and polish might send troops but they rarely do anything , nothing against them but ww2 literally destroyed any appetite for a fight . 
  like the uk , it 's very frustrating and annoying , there is an obvious difference . 
  a parent is far stronger than a child , so spanking ( normally on the backside ) is normally done with restraint and done with 2-3 smacks . 
  a slap on the hand is n't abuse and neither is smacking the backs of the legs . 
  people think all of that above is abuse and that it should all be banned ... we are in a world where discipline is n't allowed and then we wonder why kids are brats . 
  why can people not tell the different between discipline ( spanking , smacking the back of the hand/leg ) and beating which is everything else ? 
  never heard about that , thanks for the link , i can only say this is to do with money and budget not moral/ethical reasons . 
  forcing the legalization for abortions is telling people what to think , cutting a budget is not . 
  if england accepted gay marriage but scotland did n't , that is there choice and england ca n't force them to accept it . 
  so you think we should black mail ni to do something that we want and not what they want ? 
  the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  that 's a devolution problem , scotland , england , wales and ni all decide on matters like that , westminster can not force it on everybody . 
  so telling the uk to sort out ni is still illogical because the uk ca n't do anything . 
  if there was no devolution in ni then you would have a point . 
  and fair enough on the money front . 
  these days everything is against everybody 's views so who gives a crap anyway . 
  i have the local paper of which there is 2 , the sun , times , daily star . 
  do n't read em but my dad works in the factory that makes them so we get them for free everyday . 
  ( normally read the local paper when bored in work though ) . 
  [ what dya mean so ? ], 
  ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-33045741 ) ca n't somebody talk bad about ireland or something ? 
  considering the magdalene asylum 's where closed in 1995 i do n't think you can talk about anybody sorting anything out . 
  the ira are still planting bombs in ni , you seriously do n't think the british or ni want that do you ? 
  ni is literally ruled by nationalists and unionists trying to one up each other to try and keep the peace , something the republic helped put in place . 
  all i did in my post was say ireland still has issues with abortion laws , do n't try and defend it and say we ca n't say bad things about you because we are not perfect . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  if you allow abortions then great , less irish women using our nhs , will save us some money . 
  treaty of london right ? 
  where they limited the number and size of ships ? 
  i knew that was a joke article . 
  he 's too drunk drinking whiskey . 
  i remember the admiral of the royal navy at the time refused to have submarines or at least let them fire while submerged as it was seen as cowardly . 
  now we have 4 nuclear subs permanently under water around the world , oh how we changed . 
  gon na have to go a few years back to find a way to put a win against the british on a coin , 
  we payed for that entire war against napoleon , we payed our allies to build armies that you kept beating -_- ' bloody french . 
  oh and wellington bought napoleons french home from bonaparte 's sister so we helped fund napoleons war effort too ... hooray for being richer than everybody else . 
  how much are freedom fries with a side of waterloo ? 
  2.50 euro 's . 
  do n't you guys now have a theme park based around him ? 
  probably because of a certain armada . 
  ireland still wo n't allow abortion and no idea when they allowed condoms since catholics do n't believe in using them . 
  would you consider greece a strong powerful ally ? 
  considering only they and the uk are matching nato 's 2 % contribution ? 
  [ even we had some fun with the saudi 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-cc_djbkz4 ), 
  should have bought a better toilet . 
  we also heard nasa needed some help so we sent him over , figured he would be better than the ruski 's . 
  but we hire people from hong kong to do the washing and dry cleaning , they are the best in the world . 
  the best french cuisine requires the best suits also made by british . 
  if you wan na cuddle up with the french go ahead . 
  keep in mind a lot of french actually started liking our food and our cuisine and wine is beating out the french competition recently . 
  they also love our royals ( as does germany ) . 
  french like britain , britain likes the french , it 's no secret ... its just the british poke fun at france ( banter ) and the french wonder why we hate them .
