  made scotland richer and more on level with england . 
  which is exactly why the uk and france have a quite a large military cooperation deal . 
  yea these guys shoot people for a living , not exactly somebody you want to trust with politics . 
  soldiers stay out of politics , politicians stay out of wars , that 's how it should be , sadly it 's not . 
  cameron asked european leaders to keep their mouths shut as he knew the leave campaigners would jump on it and twist it into their favour . 
  so our european allies have honoured that request , quite rightly too , did you see the outcry when obama came over ? 
  christ imagine if europe did that . 
   how do we heal such a deep divide in our society ? 
  over a spot of tea and game of croquet of course ol chap !, 
   i 've seen a lot of british politicians speak for remain that 's the problem , nobody trusts or believes our politicians even during something as important as this , it 's the british way . 
  you can have the daily mail , we do n't want it , will somebody please just take it :(, 
  see stuff like this , we need more of this . 
  first australia and now hungry , people will vote remain for stuff like this , no arguments , no lectures just ... a simple sign of support and a gentle `` you being in europe is a bonus '' at the bottom ... in the fine print . 
  we have hearts too you know !, 
  we just do n't show it normally outside of a european war . 
  we have n't had one of those for a while which is why we look so cold hearted, 
   voting out . 
  we 'll lose our nhs to ttip privatisation if we stay in . 
  and we watch the nhs get torn apart as part of # 30 billion budget cuts if we leave ... we can stop the ttip and put in safe guards if we force the government to do so , not so much with the budget cuts . 
  true but he does n't run the finances . 
  he is n't the boss anymore , he has nothing to do with this . 
  pretty much skipped from medieval europe , to a bit about slavery and then tudors amd skipped straight to the world wars , then between the world wars and after was all american history . 
  the empire was never mentioned , in during the world wars . 
  oh i know , they got what they wanted . 
  as somebody already mentioned the eu already decriminalizes homosexuality and any nation that joins needs to accept that law . 
  we see how hard a treaty change is so do n't think the eu is going to roll over to a nut job running poland , hell the eu is cracking down on poland already . 
  you mean some more extreme people at the top of the chain in a couple of countries who are completely out numbered and not permanent heads of state are going to change your mind because the un does n't have a pair of balls ? 
  or i could just talk about how great the opium wars where . 
  what happened with shanghai ? 
  did we destroy it ? 
  i looked up the irish famine and read or heard nothing like that so sorry if i do n't really believe you . 
  ( a link would be appreciated ) also the industrial revolution started in the uk and other countries paid a lot of money for `` experts '' to come to their countries and share information and knowledge on how to industrialize so yes you can say it was a british thing . 
  first link i already asked for facts , a speech is nice but when farage gave a good speech then later admits he has no fucking idea what will happen and that he does n't care , then it 's safe to say a speech is just that , a speech . 
  i agree with an eu army so that 's not a reason to vote to leave in my opinion . 
  the eu spends money to promote itself like every other national body on earth , remember the great campaign we had around the olympics ? 
  yea same stuff , promotes trade and shit like that hardly a reason to leave either . 
  forbritain.org ... you wot m8 ? 
  the flooding thing ... sounds plausible , but never heard of it so i 'll take it with a pinch of salt . 
   in fact , herbal remedies can have harmful side-effects . 
  st john 's wort can stop the contraceptive pill working , while ginkgo and ginseng are known to interfere with the blood-thinning drug warfarin . 
  yea ... strict guidelines to stop stuff like this is bad ? 
  on the private message thing , that is only for employers to read your messages that you send in work not outside of work , but hey the british government wants access to all your messages in and out of work which the eu is blocking . 
  after gove has been lying all this time then says there will be a # 30 billion budget cut despite not paying to the eu and still somehow have money to give to the nhs , why should i believe somebody who clearly ca n't count ? 
  and if the referendum is just for `` our country we choose the laws no matter what happens after '' then that is stupidly scary , why should i vote for something so stupid ? 
  the brexit campaigners are sticking their head into the sand every time you give a counter argument , say everything will be fine but then they will say `` it does n't matter , i just want laws in the uk to effect us , not the eu '' despite the fact that if we want to sell to the eu we need to follow the bloody laws anyway and we will be paying tariffs to do it . 
  we lose out no matter what , or do you suggest we do n't trade with europe at all ? 
   industrial base that was not destroyed , last i checked this was completely destroyed with bombing campaigns , hell in ww1 it was wiped off the face of the map and with the economy suffering the allies rebuilt it . 
  who am i attacking personally ? 
  i put in 2 quotes from the master minds for brexit . 
  people are drawn in by false arguments and over exaggerated facts , your picture if anything is doing the exact same thing the very picture suggests . 
  you can only mock because you have no argument . 
  yea and my grandad left the republic in the 50 's so i have irish heritage too . 
  if you want to blame the british for the fall in your language go ahead , the scottish have done the same ... the welsh have preserved their language despite being annexed for 800 years , you have no excuse . 
  it was massively beneficial for ireland , it 's not my fault you can not look around and see that for yourself . 
  the industrial revolution alone changed ireland for the better and improved everybody 's lives . 
  but hey if you want to tell me how many people britain killed in ireland , what about the catholic church and the washing houses who imprisoned , enslaved and killed innocent women until the 1990 's . 
  germany was crushed ... twice and grew faster and higher than us , so what is your point ? 
  do you have any facts and figures to back that guy up ? 
  all i hear is boris and his troop saying the same thing but they are all exaggerated lies . 
   for the benefit of a few so ... did you not benefit from it ? 
  your life is pretty nice right ? 
  yes the british has millions of deaths on it 's hands but that happens when you have an empire for 400 years . 
  plenty of people around the world acknowledge britain pretty much shaped this world with the rule of law , the industrial revolution and the internet . 
  so say the british did nothing for nobody just for themselves while you are sat here talking to me in english which alone increases your lifes prospects is pretty fucking naive, 
  erm , wales was n't voluntarily part of the union either but they know they played a large role too . 
  i mentioned the ira because the discussion was `` the irish have n't done anything wrong to anybody '' and not just exclusively part of the empire and since the ira killed innocent people in britain and n.ireland without being under british rule it 's fair to say you do n't have a clean slate . 
  so get off the high horse and just accept , irish nationals played a role in the british empire , it 's nothing to be ashamed of . 
  well he did n't say who 's politics you had to follow , there will be lots of different responses from other countries during this and it 'll be interesting to watch . 
  i just hope i get called into work for friday night and not friday day so i can watch the results . 
   irishmen joined the british army because it was that or starve and yet they still continue to do so , the reasoning is not as evil as you make it appear , nobody was forced to join the military even in ww1 africans where promised citizenship if they fought for britain . 
  the only people ever conscripted for war was the british people themselves . 
  the irish where treated badly , i wo n't ever deny that but to turn around and say `` yes we where part of the union , but no in our entire history we did n't do anything bad to anybody '' is just not true at all . 
  the irish using that excuse is like britain saying `` we did n't do it , the eu/usa made us do it '' , it 's scapegoating and not accepting that it happened , does it happen now ? 
  no , so what is the problem here ? 
  the ira puts bombs in schools and under cars , or is that the british playing army again ? 
   the uk has the second strongest economy in europe and one of the only two worthwhile militarys in the region we was well behind most countries after ww2 in europe in recovery and recession , we joined the eea and we rapidly recovered and took over other countries economically . 
  to pretend we did it alone is stupid . 
  my mum has been telling me we can start trading with the commonwealth again , do n't get me wrong , you guys are bloody awesome and i have no issues trading with ya . 
  but not at the risk of losing everything we have just to do so . 
  some of the best soldiers came from scotland and ireland ... you ca n't be ruled by britain for what ? 
  600 years ? 
  and expect to be able to say `` we did n't do a damn thing ! '', 
   nly the good things about the empire . 
  yea ... i studied history for my gcse 's and learned absolutely fuck all about the british empire , i did n't know we had one until some yank was bad mouthing it 2 years after i left school . 
  ( i was 18 ), 
  and each tribe/clan still had land to be taken , so what is your point ? 
  the steel and coal community made it so no nation could ever have the resources to fight another war with it 's neighbour . 
  he was scared of ukip getting more seats in parliament if he did n't promise to give the vote . 
  between farage saying `` i have no idea what will happen after brexit and i do n't care as long as we are out of the eu '' and michael gove saying '' after brexit there will be # 30 billion of budget cuts , but do n't worry from the # 20 billion ( actually # 10.2 billion because they lie ) we save from leaving the eu then # 325 million will go to the nhs each year '' . 
  aka we are a british and nhs and less immigrants = people will vote leave . 
  i hate this country sometimes, 
  turns out what english is in france could mean something completely different in germany or in actual england . 
  words have different translations so makes stuff like this very tricky . 
  also the man who made it his personal goal to destroy polio forever and is spending his vast wealth in pakistan and india to do it . 
  nothing is guaranteed , the uk already said there will not be another referendum , the snp are liars and dreamers who will do and say anything to break up the uj, 
  well technically a political union will make things vastly easier in every respect , that 's how nation states are built . 
  unfortunately the eu is doing it on the largest scale ever attempted in human history , even the usa did it state by state , the eu is trying 28 independent nations all at once . 
  i always wondered if they should combine countries to make blocks of a certain economic size and let it work out it 's politics and economy before merging them again with another block until you have just 1 left , the eu . 
  well i was n't wrong in the sense they voted for it , but turns out it changed or at least held up by politics . 
  keep in mind with my `` flair '' we may have heard `` swiss vote to leave '' and then not hear anything again to match the anti-eu stance our country has .
