  if we was the `` head '' of that union we would accept it . 
  wait , wait , wait ... .2 years or less ? 
  interesting that you guys define that , most school kids say divide your age by 2 and add 7 to findthe age you can date . 
  even then there is law for that . 
  age of consent is more a guideline and to tell adults to bugger off or your going to jail . 
  nobody actually cares if anybody under that age has sex , what you gon na do ? 
  lock em up for having some fun ? 
  then again , if the handcuffs are fluffy ... . 
  was about to post this . 
  a united states of europe is essentially a bad idea , either have a complete union or do n't bother . 
  i think 1 country should be given `` control status '' and annex ( not by force but by choice ) the others 1 at a time and since europe has plenty of monarchy 's there should be one at the head of the eu so it 'll be the united kingdoms of europe . 
  sounds much better and as each country is `` annexed '' you get the political , economic union we are after and combined military . 
  basically everything is harmonized and each country can have governer generals in the form of current presidents and pm 's who get voted in like they do now and suggest things to spend money on to the main government . 
  that way we do n't have 28 countries fighting each other constantly , just give advice and leave it to the government controlling the union to work it out . 
  and lets be honest , empire 's are in europe 's blood so we would be rather accepting of it and have a pretty good idea on how it will function , it 'll be a far more democratic empire . 
  you know heat makes people more horny right ? 
  so be a man and give her what she wants dammit !, 
  i find it funny that most places have heaters not air-conditioners in the uk at least . 
  and the lorries just fly over ? 
  but we can just kick em out and give them to france !, 
  i guess with the british border now being in calais the french can gtfo !, 
  * plants flag *, 
  i just view the tories as a bunch of victorians who came to the future and scared of everything so they want to ban it all . 
  im not far off . 
  explains why i did n't get one , since i deleted my cookies last week . 
  the government is less scared of our guns and more afraid of our passive aggressive annoyance , they do n't want a strongly worded letter and so they make it illegal to write our dangerous thoughts . 
  that comment really made me facepalm , are these people not aware that the land britain `` occupies '' was leased/given/remain under the control britain by the people in those territories or ceded to by another power ? 
  you always know which country is going down hill when they start fighting people outside the country to shift the blame . 
  yea because you have never said or typed anything when jumping to conclusions . 
  it happens so why make a mountain out of a mole hill ? 
  downvote it or whatever , but having a go at me is just as pointless as the original comment . 
  i really do n't care , i wrote it and im keeping it up . 
  stop making it a problem when it is n't one . 
  8 million people , at least half are foreign . 
  doubt even a 1/4 of them are muslim . 
  do n't respect minorities ? 
  does that mean minorities can sprout their crap and if you say something to them about it you are now a criminal despite them preaching about blowing up the country ? 
  oh fun , political correctness eat your heart out . 
  i jumped the gun at the first sentence , wrote it all then reread to see if i missed anything . 
  sue me . 
  also condescending ? 
  really ? 
  considering the uk has people born in this country threatening to destroy it because of a religion and country they have never practiced or been to i do n't see why this would be condescending . 
  when rome do as the romans do , some people refuse to do so even when born into that society because of their parents refusal to integrate and so the kids turn out the same . 
  yea i jumped the gun but it 's still a comment worth writing . 
  women seem willing to date someone that seems more `` exotic '' but may not end up marrying them . 
  like in the uk i see lots of girls dating middle eastern and black men and having kids with them after a few months . 
  kind of annoys me but meh . 
  also im white and get rejected by every skin colour , creed and religion so do n't worry about it . 
  im from the uk , you say here but your from the netherlands and we do n't know which european country he is in . 
  so , where is here ? 
  and i was speaking on behalf of the uk and how we see immigrants . 
  also just because he was born in europe does n't mean he would behave accordingly , after all we all have nationals in our country that refuse to do as i listed above . 
  those comments under the article makes my brain hurt . 
  are they not aware the land was given to britain in order to protect cyprus and to be a balancing force in the region to stop turkey and greece ? 
  they do say most men who turn to terrorism do so because of that identity crisis and lack of female companionship which is offered in spades by extremists and promise of power . 
  ( basically leeching on the weak and vulnerabilities of a person . 
  i 'll put it this way mate . 
  if you want to come here , with money ( so you do n't go on benefits ) with work prospects or a job waiting , you pay taxes , obey our laws , speak our language ( you are more than welcome to speak your own ) then come on in , practice your religion just do n't do the illegal parts and keep your traditions , it 'll do nothing but enrich the country you are in but be accept of the culture , traditions and laws around you . 
  it 's the other side of illegal immigrants that come in to countries , sneak their families in so you get like 10 people in a house , all on benefits and preach about destroying the country they are the ones nobody likes . 
  it 's a shame bad apples spoil it for the rest of you but that 's life unfortunately . 
  also you talk about effecting your dating life , in the uk i see women dating african and middle eastern men who can hardly speak english ( to be fair though i tend to think they are after a visa at the end of it which is exactly what you are talking about , sadly im right most of the time ) and yet i at 25 have never had a girlfriend , trust me you have it far easier than most . 
  so yea , dating is n't something you should be worrying about because chances are you have at least had 1 gf more than i have , and im white . 
  just so you know britain easily has the most alliances of any country , i said this a few times and i 'll say it again , most of america 's allies are allies by association of britain . 
  if britain stopped being america 's ally most other nations would drop the us like a sack of bricks . 
  it 's like hanging out with your brothers friends , you are there because of your brother . 
  turkey is n't in the eu yet , also iceland has a military ? 
  : / ... oh yea the cod wars ... 
  did n't notice that . 
  what would we want with pretty marbles ? 
  we 'll just take rhodes off their hands , we like islands . 
  we would have , but where would we keep it ? 
  learn from the best amirite ? 
  bring back the spartans and all will be forgiven , then again they suffered economically as well and walked over by rome ... hmm, 
  that 's what makes you go `` he has a point there '' but know for a fact it would n't work . 
  if this worked britain would be a goddamn theme park for you guys ... unless paying off our debt now means you have to pay . 
  i thought you said sue their asses into stonehenge . 
  i was like `` lolwut ? '', 
  for what ? 
  im not saying you should split up , im just saying friendships can continue to exist and survive a big fight . 
  uk and germany are friends regardless of ww1 and ww2 . 
  how much does a passport cost a stamp cost a tattoo a tummytuck bugatti divorce wedding ( somebody is weighing up their options haha a nose job vasectomy lamborghini looks to me a like a rich white mans wish list . 
  not much going on in greece huh ? 
  highly unusual, 
  i know but if a eu military forms then europe will become a nato member not individual states . 
  so that means either the uk is a nato member and not an eu military member , or vise-versa ( same with everybody else but the uk will have the hardest choice to make there ) . 
  instead nato will be , usa , canada and eu and not a list of countries . 
  in 2012 we was number one . 
  we try to ignore japan , annoyingly they make that almost impossible to do . 
  * slaps away testicle monster * not now !, 
  do n't ignore britain has the largest and most powerful military in europe and as a german mp once said `` a eu military without britain is like a knife without a blade '' . 
  keep in mind we have been long standing allies of prussia it 's only after germany was created our relationship ended in bombing the ever living shit out of each other . 
  but centuries long alliances do n't die easily even with a couple of world wars , look at us and france , histories greatest rivals and now best of buds . 
  i thought i came up with gingerist ( racist but to a ginger ) in 2005 , 2 years later i heard it on the news . 
  thought i made a new world until that moment :(, 
  to be fair i do n't think many airlines could run londons airspace so splitting them up to speciality area 's makes sense . 
  keep in mind the paths are set before they are taken and the radars and sensors keep track of them all as they cross into other countries airspace , then ground control keeps an eye on them . 
  how do you think it works right now ? 
  either all the flight plans will stay the same or some will change but keeping and eye on them stays exactly the same . 
  did n't we invade you in ww2 ?
