  israel does n't want peace or a palestinian state , somebody should call them out on their shit . 
  did n't you have people voting yes for independence on the promise of an extra # 50 a year ? 
  oh , yea there is . 
  i was just saying in the og comment that scotland has mentioned that saying elizabeth the 2nd is wrong in scotland but somebody commented saying despite that the highest number regal number is used . 
  huh did n't know that , thanks for the info, 
  scotland and england are a political union so technically still separate countries but ruled by 1 parliament , like the united states have 13 different states and 1 government watching over them all ( when it was created ) . 
  scotland and england have shared the same monarch long before the acts of union . 
  that is true however that was an oversight of an english company since the scottish have complained saying she is elizabeth the first in scotland . 
  canada is independent but decided to keep the monarch as their head of state , falklands and gibraltar are under devo max so they control everything but foreign relations and defense which means they answer to parliament . 
  canada has it 's own parliament . 
  the best example i can think of is during the scottish referendum the scotland said if it gets independence it will keep the monarch . 
  also even though queen elizabeth ii is the 2nd elizabeth in england she is the first in scotland so her title is different . 
  monarchies are fun are n't they ? 
  that is the commonwealth you are referring to , they do not answer to britain 's parliament unlike the overseas territories . 
  same with the falkland islands then , but they are separate from the uk . 
  colonizing = finding new land and settling it , no requirement for it to be settled previously . 
  i just turned 26 ... 
   that makes us one of the oldest countries in the world in a certain sense . 
  erm no , not at all . 
  she wo n't that power unless it 's to stop a dictatorship , she gets advice from her aide everytime she needs to sign a law ... so 2 people decide and she can decide to ignore both the pm and aide but normally does n't because like you said , it 'll piss people off . 
   do you think germany will be upset that the importation of british cars are interrupted or made more expensive after the uk leaves the eu ? 
  considering they make cars in the uk it 'll have an impact on those businesses , so they will care . 
  erm ... the eu stops this kinda shit from the tories so to stop this kind of law happening you want to leave the eu ? 
  what kind of dumb logic is that ? 
  i mean less agenda driven in this case , america out right threatened us ... china has n't . 
  we voted against changing the system it so ... it was democratic in the sense we used the system we wanted to use . 
  * checks the spam folder, 
   but i would like the uk to have something to stop parliament like the eu ? 
  we did ... they left :'(, 
  you may not be able to comprehend this but ... if we joined the eu superstate then britain and ireland would be part of the same union . 
  shocking !!!, 
  oddly enough i see china 's word more honest than america 's . 
  or when saying no to public healthcare and keeping your guns , because why not . 
  are you saying it is democratic ? 
  we vote for the mep 's who then vote for the president , the people do n't choose the president like they do in their own nations . 
  you realize our parliament is also one of the most transparent in europe right ? 
  after the whole panama paper leak thing happened our pm straight away released his tax returns to clear his name . 
  the tories are pro rich , corbyn wants to ignore the falkland islanders and discuss a joint rule with argentina and farage is just a hypocrite . 
  cameron is also stepping down after this term so ... yea . 
  also you want people get out on the streets ? 
  alright ... . student riots 2011 , the countless marches by teachers past parliament or the doctors strike practically shutting down the nhs for a couple of days . 
  you make a judgement on our country if you wish but make sure you have the information before hand . 
  im not trying to have an argument or anything by the way . 
  im voting to stay in because of our politicians are trying to take our rights and give themselves more power . 
  also why i have 18 downvotes for saying the bloody truth i do n't know . 
  you seem to forget . 
  if a company cuts jobs , people working there can just up and walk ... wonder what happens to a company like bp if their workers just up n leave same with their customers moving to a different provider . 
  oh look that other company is getting more money and taking on more people ... bye bp nice knowing you . 
  they do n't tell you this , but the people hold the power , they do n't flex their muscles . 
  this is from the country that bends over daily to corporations ... 
   vote in a better politician politicians lie , good politicians are good liars , so we did our job . 
  also if you have to pick between 3 liars then you have to pick the most competent liar . 
  i hate this assumption that we voted in the wrong person if everybody lies or makes promises , what magic being forces them to keep those promises ? 
  nothing . 
  you think people knew what they where voting for when they voted for hitler ? 
  he was a convincing liar . 
  also you are telling us to pick somebody better then tell us to vote in corbyn ... . he 's a nob head and a sure way for labour to lose the next election so how is he a better option ? 
  surely that comment alone proves my point . 
  90 % of the electorate in any nation does n't get to decide what the government does . 
   just a little while a go the eu wanted to crack down on tax havens yet you , the uk , vetoed it believe us , we did n't have a say and since most of the mp 's and our pm have friends in big businesses who would n't like that rule they veteod it while 99 % of the british public would be in favour of it . 
  so do n't make it out like everybody wanted that veto . 
  france wo n't admit it , but they like us and see us as equals . 
  plus if we leave they are scared of german dominance , we have enough weight to throw around to balance germany . 
  thankfully uk civil wars where rather rare since the war of the roses and we have been stable for centuries , easily the most stable nation in modern history . 
  ( 300-400 years of stability ), 
  under minimum wage ? 
  that 's illegal . 
  you want to ban people from leaving for ... doing nothing wrong ? 
  are you serious ? 
  it 's correctly funded but wrongly managed, 
  just because you do n't see the change does n't mean nothings happening . 
  they are trying to keep things running normally to the public despite the issues behind the scenes , after all you do n't know a business is struggling until it closes . 
  2000 people are a good sample size for 65 million ... 
  this is why i hate surveys like this . 
  you can 2000 people and some say yes then find another 2000 people who say no . 
  they mean very little but used to push agenda 's . 
  because it fucks your brain up , im fine with it used for medical purposes just not procreation . 
  i saw the `` stupid '' kids do it in school all the time , i see people not paying bills so they can get their next fix despite having kids to feed . 
  in the last 2 months there has been 2 families across the street from me both doing drugs , have kids and are abusive to their partners . 
  ( both guys ) . 
  drugs destroy lives , i have never seen somebody who takes drugs have their lives improved . 
  home secretary , basically looks after internal security like the police and gchq, 
  '' more than 47 percent of british residents are in favor of legalizing weed for sale via registered shops . '', 
  oh yay a percentage , untrustworthy as hell . 
  how about solid numbers , you can say 4 out of 10 people asked supports it and that 's 40 % . 
  i do n't support it and saying over 47 % suggests half when they said otherwise in the headline . 
  well when a man does n't want to spank the monkey today he finds a nice lady who will do it for him , of course she wants something in return . 
  we call this the money shot . 
  o.o fair enough , more the merrier, 
  some how that makes sense  . , 
  this year ? 
  what ? 
  yes . 
  but it was a 1 time thing since they are long time supporters and watches of the competition . 
  well , the judges wo n't pick it anyway so , meh . 
  yes - affirmative / yes sir !, 
  no - negative / no sir !, 
  order acknowledged - roger that . 
  i assume ... unless that 's the american crap :(, 
  you can go alone and get your economy crush ... or you could have it crushed but the uk will subsidize you until you get back on your feet with a different income .
