  it * is * guaranteed in eu treaties , in a similar way as nato . 
   bigoted uh ... huh . 
  for some of the consequences of the civil war see / u/bar50cal [ answer ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/31qmrk/dear_reurope_redditors_who_was_the_worstcraziest/cq4159w ) re : ireland ... 
  would be in favour of pulling out of the echr if that vote had passed . 
  its looking like [ you 're right ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-32063587 ) . 
  if he has an unfortunate sounding name there will be a shitstorm . 
  the allies were in no position to fight a war over the sudetenland . 
  war would have started years before we were ready . 
  in actuality , czech politicians * did * agree to the anexation of sudetenland by the germans when it became clear that the germans were going to destroy the czech nation if they refused , and they knew that neither britain nor france were in any position to stop them . 
  initially britain & france made this proposal :  the discussions ended with a firm british-french plan in place . 
  [ 19 ] britain and france demanded that czechoslovakia cede to germany all those territories where the german population represented over fifty percent of the sudetenland 's total population . 
  [ 19 ] in exchange for this concession , britain and france would guarantee the independence of czechoslovakia . 
  [ 19 ] the proposed solution was rejected by both czechoslovakia and opponents of it in britain and france . 
  [ 19 ] when it became clear to the czech government that the germans were going to attack regardless , and that britain and france were in absolutely no position to stop them they capitulated themselves :  on 21 september , czechoslovakia capitulated to accept the demands that were agreed upon by britain , france , and germany . 
  the next day , however , hitler added new demands , insisting that the claims of ethnic germans in poland and hungary also be satisfied . 
  these further demands were obviously not accepted . 
  its offensive because britain fought arguably the worst war in our history for the sovereignty and freedom of continental europe . 
  we did n't * need * to do this - germany actually desired peace with britain for this own racially crazy reasons . 
  we were a liberal democracy which was doing everything it could to avoid another war in europe , but when it became obvious that war was unavoidable we sacrificed a part of europe to buy time to rearm . 
  we then proceeded to fight the most destructive war in * history * for these principles . 
  our people fought and died in the hundreds of thousands , and everything went fucking wrong . 
  eastern & central europe was ravaged first by the nazis and then by the soviets - who we still opposed in the cold war - and we 've been nothing but friends to eastern europe in the time since . 
  its offensive to accuse us of betrayal when we did absolutely everything we could . 
  churchill even proposed that we attack the soviet union after the end of ww2 to liberate eastern europe . 
  that would have been a disaster . 
  eastern europeans seem to have forgiven the germans ( rightly so , imo ) but still have a grudge against britain and france over this . 
  what do you want us to have done ? 
  declared war a year and a half early with no modern military ? 
  utterly ridiculous . 
  edit : can you stop fucking downvoting me just because you disagree please ? 
  i 'm attempting to state facts . 
  feel free to disagree but that is n't what the [ downvote button is for ] ( http://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette ) , unless you honestly feel my comments are n't constructive . 
  i 'm aware . 
  its wrong and offensive . 
  you 're aware that the moment chamberlain said `` peace in our time '' he ordered britain to start rearming for war ? 
  hitler had been building up germany 's war machine for years before britain got started . 
  similar story for france . 
  the western powers were not prepared for what happened . 
  stayed in a really cheap ( $ 10/night ) hostel a few years ago right on the shore of the bosphorus strait , was absolutely beautiful at night !, 
  one of my favourite cities on earth . 
  it happened a long time ago :(, 
  i do n't really want to get into a pointless internet argument , but sufficed to say that the majority of the weight of historical opinion seems to disagree with you , as evidenced by the wikipedia article on the exact subject , including ireland . 
  i ca n't find any basis for your assertion , and it is contrary to what i 've read in the past . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_the_british_isles  historian john gillingham opined that by about 1200 slavery in the british isles was non-existent . 
  after serfdom there was no reintroduction of slavery . 
  the industrial revolution led to [ workhouses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/workhouse ) but i do n't see how they can be remotely considered slavery . 
   life in a workhouse was intended to be harsh , to deter the able-bodied poor and to ensure that only the truly destitute would apply . 
  but in areas such as the provision of free medical care and education for children , neither of which was available to the poor in england living outside workhouses until the early 20th century , workhouse inmates were advantaged over the general population , a dilemma that the poor law authorities never managed to reconcile . 
  people chose to go to the workhouses . 
  they were n't slaves . 
  slavery did n't really exist domestically . 
  was almost exclusively a colonial thing for plantations . 
  this is in the context of the eu deal with turkey whereby they keep syrian refugees and the eu provides them with aid , loosens visa restrictions on travel and speeds up their accession process . 
  obviously the devil is in the detail but if it turns out that speeding up the accession process is genuine - that turkey is actually on the path to joining - i ca n't see how the uk populace would want to remain . 
  historically the uk has been in favour of turkey 's accession , but that was before erdogen made himself a sultan and the turkish people consistently elected an islamist government . 
  not to mention the absurdity of trying to solve what is primarily an economic migrant problem by making it easier for economic migrants to come from turkey legally . 
  presumably 4 % is the amount of people who , at least in part , have found themselves sexually attracted to children not those who have acted on it . 
  i would like to believe that the vast majority of people who have had these kind of feelings do n't act on them and try to suppress it . 
  in the same way the vast majority of people suppress sexual attraction to adults when it happens in inappropriate circumstances . 
  there are people who do n't suppress it , but these people are assholes - the kind of people who write those creepy messages on dating sites and rape people in bars . 
  those assholes who are also paedophiles are the monsters who get prosecuted for doing that kind of shit to children . 
  that 4 % number is very unfortunate for the people who have these feelings . 
  if anything , as a society , we should be more tolerant of people who have these feelings but do n't act on them so people feel they can talk about their feelings to counsellors and the like rather than being shunned by society . 
  tony blair , and the resulting foreign policy decisions will probably resonate for a long time . 
  other than that merkel may well be remembered for whatever happens to the eu as a result of the migrant crisis , the euro crisis and potentially brexit . 
  if the eu falls apart she 'll be the one people talk about . 
  if it carries on then perhaps not so much . 
  people are generally remembered for bad things . 
  what are the worst things that have happened in europe in contemporary times ? 
  i 'd argue war in iraq and the continuing eu issues , but they have n't played out yet . 
  to be fair i do n't think embassies should be charged the congestion charge . 
  i suspect this is happening because london wants that money and the foreign office refuses to pay it - everyone has a budget - so london goes to the embassies . 
  the embassies refuse to pay , as they probably should n't . 
  london whines about embassies not paying their charge . 
  who cares ? 
  strictly speaking the foreign office should probably be compensating london . 
  actually now i 'm curious . 
  embassies do not pay council tax , as it 's a tax , but london is still expected to collect their rubbish and maintain the roads . 
  who pays for that ? 
  i suspect the foreign office . 
  seems the same as the congestion charge . 
  am i misunderstanding the article ? 
  it seems the court ruled that the journalists were to be released - and they have been . 
  erdogan says he does n't respect , and will not obey , but they have been released ? 
  so ... he 's just talking shit . 
  huh ? 
  no if they get put in special measures they get given * more * funding and often they 're assigned one of those new super-headteachers to come in and sort it out . 
  if that works or not i do n't know but its not intended to be a negative spiral . 
  well if schools fail to meet standards then they 're put into special measures , so it kind of is mandatory to serve good quality education ? 
  legislating `` good education '' does n't just magically make it so . 
  one of the girls in our class asked the teacher why men who have sex with men are more likely to get hiv . 
  the teacher told us , in some graphical detail , all about how the anus does n't self lubricate so it can tear up and get semen/blood crossover . 
  then why you should use lots of lube if you want anal sex and be gentle . 
  and condoms . 
  this was like 12 year ago when i was 15 . 
  pretty decent of the teacher really . 
  but at the same time it made gay sex sound quite gross . 
  but sex is gross ;d, 
  he was researching human rights and labour abuses at the university of cambridge and was a visiting scholar in egypt . 
  presumably he was targeted , not a random thing .
