  as a briton i can confidently say that a very significant majority of the population trust america as an ally and friend implicitly , and we feel it goes both ways . 
  so we feel we have the right to level productive critism , and that equally we do n't throw a wobbly when it 's returned at us . 
  when america criticises britain it 's given an enormous amount of weight in fact because we trust the source . 
  i wish you guys were n't so fucking insecure though . 
  it 's unreal . 
  you guys need to grow some self confidence - the whole ` murica thing is almost a vast facade to hide your fear that you 're not doing the right thing . 
  the mid to late 20th century was in fact characterised by military and foreign policy blunders caused by insecurity in your own ideology . 
  but hell if you guys being afraid of your own shadow , and being afraid of taking criticism from your friends , is the price we have to pay for being best buds with the greatest society in human history , well it 's a small price . 
  ahh thankye, 
  i just had a quick google on rocket payloads . 
  the saturn v ( apollo ) has a leo capacity of 140,000 kg , the falcon heavy has a leo capacity of 53,000 kg . 
  presumably a vehicle to send a habitable craft to mars would need significantly more delta v than the saturn v was capable of , so i do n't see how the falcon heavy would be anywhere near appropriate for this . 
  i saw a news report today on the bbc about how you could now hire an entire * container ship * for $ 3,000 / day . 
  i was thinking we should transport one to east london , install a paintball arana , half a dozen hipster bars and an open air cinema and call it * china 's folly * . 
  costa works too , though . 
  but we 'd need mediocre coffee . 
  i 'm sorry , but `` dutch channel '' sounds like some sort of venereal disease you 'd pick up from a hooker in amsterdam . 
  english channel stronk, 
  i 'd be furious if there were state public holidays at christmas and easter . 
  i really find it hard to believe a jury would consider his explanation for his dna being found in her as reasonable doubt . 
  in what universe is that excuse reasonable ? 
  something must have been said in the 20 minutes of private evidence . 
  12 new audis . 
  jury trial . 
  does n't really add up though . 
  if any newspaper - and we have rabid press - finds evidence that the jury were bribed then both parties are in deep shit . 
  jury tampering and contempt of court are serious . 
  do n't really know what to make of it . 
  ca n't understand why a jury would find him not guilty . 
  intelligence agencies already do that . 
  unfortunately if a monitored mosque yields 100 odd radicalised young people what do you do ? 
  they 've committed no crime . 
  you add then to watch lists . 
  when an incident happens 90 % of the time the people involved were `` known to the intelligence agencies '' . 
  what can they do ? 
  they ca n't follow thousands of people and they ca n't interdict until there 's evidence to go in front of a court . 
  better to vastly decrease the potential for radicalisation in my opinion . 
  we 'll be aware of fewer individuals but hopefully it will allow closer monitoring of the most dangerous individuals . 
  emigrate to germany , get weirder porn and eu !, 
  even if they have equal rights to leave they often take far less . 
  i like how they do it ( i believe ) in iceland - fathers are actually required to take as much paternity leave as mothers take maternity leave . 
  my bad :( did a search and it did n't find it !, 
  that is income not wealth . 
  i would argue the success of the us currency union is more due to fiscal transfer due to federal welfare than to the dynamism of the labour market . 
  half of my colleagues are italian , portuguese and spanish . 
  europe is pretty dynamic for young people . 
  but european states will never accept a fiscal union . 
  civil servants were literally not permitted to make any form of contingency planning for brexit . 
  i have a friend at the fucking mod of all places and they have no idea what the plan is . 
  cameron should be hung . 
  blood and organ donation can be restricted from men who have sex with men due to the statistically significant increased prevalence of hiv , and the delay in a hiv test showing a positive result after infection . 
  some people believe these restrictions should be removed as they discriminate . 
  i believe the rule in the uk is that you ca n't donate if you 've engaged in anal sex in the previous year . 
  i do n't personally think this is especially unfair . 
  i 'm gay and i 'm not entirely unsuccessful in my endeavours so i ca n't give blood . 
  i do n't mind too much . 
  my peers in london seem to be falling back to old habits , [ and hiv prevalence here is increasing ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/news/london/one-in-eight-gay-men-in-london-has-hiv-official-figures-show-9869378.html ) , so it seems fair enough . 
  in my opinion this increase in prevalence is due almost entirely to a fair chunk of my generation of young men engaging in risky activities again such as chemsex and associated behaviour . 
  speaking from personal experience of the ` scene ' . 
  if this fails in the hoc again , with labour 's acquiescence , it is a further indications of jeremy corbyn 's complete lack of moral fibre and integrity . 
  this is a massive bone from the lords for the plp to do the right thing and help the snp and lib dems oppose the government . 
  eu citizens , including my friends and my friends ' partners , should not be bargaining chips for politicians , and nor should our citizens in eu countries . 
  in november jeremy corbyn promised to block article 50 if the government did n't guarantee access to the single market ( [ source ] ( http://www.itv.com/news/2016-11-05/corbyn-labour-will-block-article-50-if-theresa-may-cannot-guarantee-single-market-access/ ) ) , yet he three-line whipped his mps to pass article 50 without a single ammendment . 
  it 's come down to labour rebels in the lords and the liberal democrats to do the right thing . 
  not to say that the tories do not share the lions ' share of the blame here , however labour supporters should be aware of their own party 's abject failure . 
  there 's something to be said for making a positive gesture to the remainder of the eu , particularly given the sad state of our diplomacy recently . 
  i think most eu citizens would be perturbed if the eu did n't reciprocate , to the point they 're almost certain to with no other conditions . 
  this allows us to be the nice guys for once . 
  and let 's be honest neither party is seriously going to use each others ' citizens as bargaining chips . 
  it is rather sad that the uk government is fighting this tooth and nail , just like they fought the decision that parliament had to pass it in the first place . 
  never missing an opportunity to try to do the wrong thing it seems . 
  thanks for raising the similar difficulties which have happened in american history . 
  america has had its own turbulence due to population migration and this is - if you 'll forgive me - a relatively mono cultural nation . 
  not to mention the vast federal fiscal transfers and then all of the effort that goes into building a single polity - unified and enormous military , law & constitution , sports etc and its not at all surprising the eu is struggling . 
  it seems mad really when you look at the only other attempt to form a continental nation state in far more ideal circumstances - the us - and the pressures that union has faced , that the architects of the eu thought they could do the same without doing any of the things that generally bind people together into a single polity . 
  you 're being needlessly pedantic and rude . 
  i hope you 're not this obnoxious in person . 
  nigel farage 's approval ratings are a fairly good indicator of the general public 's alignment with his views . 
  as you say he clearly wants the eu to end and had said as much . 
  his approval rating is around 25 % . 
  the british government most certainly does n't want the eu to fail . 
  this is evident from their policy , speeches and stated aims . 
  it is completely unambiguous . 
  not least because the vast majority of the uk government did not actually want to leave the eu , they 're only doing it because of the referendum result . 
  a majority of the uk population voted to leave , and of those a significant chunk voted simply because they felt our interests are better served by leaving rather an ideological anti-europe bent . 
  in my opinion a large amount of this is in part due to misinformation . 
  i know a few people who voted to leave and most of them are n't anti-eu , they 're just under the , in my opinion , mistaken impression that the country will be better off outside . 
  only a relatively small hardcore of brexiters want the eu to fall apart - mostly those who vote ukip , for which you can see the polling numbers yourself . 
  there 's also a very large element of island mentality isolationism resurfacing - `` i do n't care what europe does i just do n't want to be part of this '' which would be largely indifference . 
  they honestly do n't care what the rest of the continent does . 
  one of the primary functions of a border is for customs control . 
  to not have a customs border it requires the two sides to have no differences in customs requirements . 
  theresa may has expressed a wish to simultaneously have no border between the republic of ireland and norther ireland and also requires the uk to not be in a customs union with the eu ( and ergo the roi ) because being in a customs union with the eu precludes the uk from being able to forge independent free trade agreements which would render the whole brexit thing rather pointless really . 
  but these two requirements are incompatible . 
  these sort of issues should have been discussed during the brexit referendum campaign of course , but vote leave were n't really interested in detail . 
  indeed the british public are apparently tired of experts so here we are . 
  edit : just to add from what i understand it would n't just be a case of the uk deciding to not have a border , the republic of ireland would be in breach of its own obligations to the rest of the eu if ** it ** did n't impose border controls on northern ireland . 
  tm spoke about some kind of association agreement with the eu customs union , but hell knows how this might work . 
  she was extremely woolly about this , probably because no one has any idea . 
  the eu would never let the uk effectively be inside its customs union without obeying the rules on external countries .
