  i 've seen no reports that they attempted to bring him in alive - nothing about attempting to apprehend him . 
  the only indicative statements are that the operation was `` successful '' . 
  a police operation against a drug dealer where the drug dealer was shot in the head would not be considered successful . 
  if they did attempt to apprehend him and bring him in alive but failed to do so then they should say this , its a very very important point to make . 
  edit : they did n't try . 
   the operation that killed the founder and leader of al qaeda was designed to do just that , not to take him alive , a u.s. government official told cnn monday . 
  why why why could n't they take him alive , arrest him , stuff him on a fast plane to the us and have him on trial . 
  it would be so much more meaningful - the moral and legal authority of the us and by association the west once again showing what its all about . 
  hell they could even execute him at the end of the day - it * is * legal even if i disagree with it , and it would still be a legitimate course of action . 
  having some special forces shooting him in the head , wtf does this signify . 
  inter arma enim silent leges , 10 years on . 
  pathetic . 
   the operation that killed the founder and leader of al qaeda was designed to do just that , not to take him alive , a u.s. government official told cnn monday . 
  * blushes * sorry we spawned this retard , europe !, 
  there are gullible stupid people everywhere , we merely have such deregulated paper press to feed them whatever they want to hear :( i wish our newspapers had to follow the same rules that our tv news have to ... 
  i imagine that after 40 years the price of oil will naturally be so ridiculously high that traditional aviation will be * a lot * more expensive than high speed rail for travel around europe . 
  ditto car driving when there are electric/hydrogen alternatives . 
  i see this as more of a prediction than anything else . 
  i 'd be extremely surprised if its remotely close to economical to use oil the way we do now in 40 years ... 
  the * point * of insurance is so the risk of an accident/event happening are shared among the group being insured . 
  the flaw with allowing insurance companies ( as they have done more and more as the means have improved ) to give different premiums to different groups , slowly making the groups more and more precise , is that as you tend toward a system with more and more information and smaller and smaller groups the chances will eventually be binary decisions ( this is in the limit , it does n't necessarily have to be attainable ) at which point insurance ceases to serve any purpose : you 're no longer sharing the risk , you 're simply paying out the cost of all accidents you will ultimately end up having , plus the administration costs . 
  i think if you study it logically its fair that insurance groups should not be able to discriminate on any basis at all . 
  the counter-argument to this would be things like , `` should n't smokers end up having to pay more for extra health insurance ? '' . 
  i would argue that no , they should n't , but you should take the costs to their health as an [ externality ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/externality ) of the cigarette itself and charge extra tax based on this , and the tax revenues then gets shared into all the areas which end up having to pay for this extra health cost , including the health insurance industry . 
  northern irish citizens of the united kingdom are known as ` british ' , so i think british is fine when referring to the uk , including n.i. 
  not to mention it 'd probably be good for canada as well : canada would n't be so reliant on us trade & diplomacy , would be able to be more european-ish in their foreign policy outlook without worrying about pissing off the us so much . 
  if the us gets antsy then they have open access to a market which just as big and which has just as many nice holidaying locations . 
  not to mention all the european tourists they 'd get  edit : oh , but we 'd have to make an eu law about not having shitty internets , right ? 
  so is england a country or not ? 
  by your definition , not really , but then you 'd be disagreeing with just about any constitutional legal expert . 
  countries do n't have to be sovereign to be countries - there 's some argument over whether any eu country could actually be considered sovereign before the lisbon treaty - there was no legal way to secede from the eu , and eu treaties in some instances superseded national parliamentary sovereignty . 
  scotland , wales , n.i have a parliament fyi , england does not , but the parliaments are not sovereign , in the sense that westminster could shut them by passing a law . 
  where does that rule stand with england/wales/scotland etc ? 
  they 're most definitely defined as countries , but not sovereign . 
  trident missiles , for a start . 
  uk is also tier 1 partner in the jsf project , no other country is . 
  they did n't hand over passwords , they were serial numbers . 
  the only problem about handing over serial numbers if they can use them to infer * how many * trident missiles the uk has , nothing more . 
  is n't a firearm law exactly the kind of thing which should be up to the individual states ? 
  i see no benefits * at all * to harmonizing gun laws . . edit : i need to be downvoted for using the us spelling for ` harmonising ' :(, 
  you do n't need to switch car when you arrive . 
  i drove from the uk to the med and back in a british car last summer and was pretty fine . 
  its slightly inconvenient overtaking , sure , but other than that what 's the problem ? 
  it 'd cost a * ridiculous * amount to change all the roads-there have been studies . 
  its not just repainting , entire motorway intersections would need to be rebuilt . 
  it just does n't make economic sense if we do n't have road links ... 
  why would we want to put together a force to rival the us military ? 
  i ca n't see anyone wanting to invade europe in the next 10 years ... apart from that problem , its going to be more complicated than that anyway . 
  would an eu military/foreign body be obligated to defend far-flung islands from ex-colonial powers ? 
  falklands , martinique just to name a couple british and french respectively ? 
  if not then neither country will ever sign off on it , and as the two largest military powers its a must . 
  if its that the eu parliament decides whether to engage in military action then its quite easy to imagine that the eu parliament would decide not to use its forces to defend these non-european territories when france or the uk would want to . 
  then there 's the problems with agreements with other countries . 
  uk gets access to sensitive military technology from the us which france and others are n't permitted access to . 
  imagine the us trying to decide what technology to permit the eu to have access to when its still expanding to new states . 
  would it want turkey to have access to its latest stuff ? 
  on the embassies : we 'd then have to combine all the intelligence agencies together . 
  i ca n't imagine the eu being too pleased with mi6 and the other equivalents all using the embassies to spy on one another , as well as other countries . 
  on embassies * inside * the eu : what happens if i have some difficulties in france ? 
  would the eu have embassies in its own member states for members of other member states ? 
  careful , he has a * banhammer * !, 
  i wikipedia 'd it after seeing it on the list - it 'd just be nice if you had a mouseover on all the flags which just said `` united kingdom '' for instance , for those of us who are n't familiar with all the flags , 
  could you add mouseover text to the images so that those of us who are geographically challenged can tell what country/territory people are from ? 
  i have to confess to not knowing the fryslan flag , for instance ... 
  ... we have rage faces ? 
  [ ] ( / happy ) only the trollface apparently  _ <, 
  in may lets all conspire to spam the crap out of reddit with extremely serious posts on the eurovision song contest . 
  with any luck we 'll have a few hundred thousand poor americans watching youtube clips of out of tune singing . 
  payback is a bitch . 
  i do n't know what the weather 's like ; i have n't left my office for a few hours . 
  the window blinds are just out of reach and i 'm slightly too lazy to reach over and move them out the way ... there 's minimal precipitation and its about room temperature in my office , if that helps ? 
  this is completely correct . 
  its not just about fiscal rules though - we already exist in a two tier europe with respect to following rules in various forms . 
  its absurd that some countries rigidly stick to certain rules ( for example the eu fisheries policies ) or break them , admit it , and end up paying penalties ( like with the clean air legislation ) when others just make up the figures either on a national level or on a small local level and get away with it because there 's no real enforcement . 
  the creation of more rules wo n't mean crap all without enforcement . 
  we already * have * limits on the public sector deficit and it was completely ignored . 
  they should introduce a system to actively verify treaty obligations and agreements are being followed along with strict measures to penalise those who break them . 
  allowing a country to volunteer itself for financial penalties is nonsense . 
  there should be a centralised body which is there to investigate state compliance of eu directives . 
  what happens when the ` train ' needs to pull into another road ? 
  the lead driver has to wait for a gap large enough for all the cars in his convoy to get on the road , bearing in mind his acceleration is the slowest of the group ? 
  and the oncoming cars have to realise that all those cars are part of the convoy and know to break if the convoy driver has misjudged ? 
  what could go wrong ? 
  i 'm guilty of this , but my feet burn really badly in the sun . 
  burnt feet is the worst thing ever . 
  so its either wear sandals with socks or wear trainers , and my feet get too hot if i wear trainers :p, 
  there 's even signs telling you where to stand !, 
  uk too please ? 
  its a sensible way of letting the free market pressure people moving up the housing ladder and developers into making properties more energy efficient without resorting to bureaucratic incentive schemes ... i think . 
  trolled by the daily mail . 
  i do n't think i 'd like it to just one day magically become a superstate - rather i 'd like it if we did actually directly democratically elect a president , there was a concerted effort at every level to actually make the meps more democratically accountable by encouraging the national press to report on them more . 
  once we 've reached the stage where the eu is actually democratically accountable on a real level ( lets not kid , atm its a joke ) i would n't mind it having control of things like foreign policy , military , energy policy etc. 
  the kind of stuff which there are large benefits to having one large state managing . 
  beyond that i do n't think there 's a reason why everything should be in the same super-organisation . 
  the eu treaties force all the constituent state 's services to work together anyway . 
  britain 's nhs and other countries health services care for each others citizens when in those countries , the police work together etc. 
  i do n't see why they should all be under the power of the eu when national legislatures seem perfectly adequate . 
  if the national legislature is incapable or incompetent then i think the eu should be able to temporarily take over administration of certain aspects until they 're corrected - but this should n't be a permanent thing . 
  for instance , i believe south italy still has major problems with the mafia influencing trials and corruption effects . 
  i do n't think it would be a bad idea if these kind of problems were dealt with by the eu where it would be much harder for the criminals to influence it .
