  it 'd probably kill a bunch of icelanders directly , too ... 
  the problem is n't only about high debt . 
  its about low growth , high debt coupled with short-term maturities and relative size and strength of the states ' banking sectors . 
  a state with low growth and high debt can enter a debt cycle where it eventually becomes unable to pay the interest on its debt , let alone pay off what it already owes . 
  equally a state with high debt exposure may be unable to bailout its banks if any of the larger ones go bust - it 'd have to borrow a shit tonne to do this and this could push it over the edge , which is what the markets are afraid of . 
  i 'd want a high interest rate on any money i was owed by a country which i thought has a fair chance of defaulting in the future due to any of its banks going bust . 
  this is made worse by all these countries being tied together by the euro . 
  germany keeps the currency unnaturally strong for most other countries which means these weaker countries owe more relative debt ; germany gets massive benefits from the corollary : the euro is weaker than a pure deutschmark would be so germany 's exports are much stronger . 
  this is n't a german policy , just a result of being tied together in the euro . 
  the low growth situation is also made even worse because the ecb keeps the interest rate high , which keeps inflation low - which is good for germany and other states - but terrible for countries with high debt . 
  high interest rates are also bad for countries which need to grow back the damage they had in the recession - you need cheap credit to take back the capacity which was lost . 
  a country which has high debt can also inflate its way out of debt which means the interest damage is minimised - see britain , for example . 
  our inflation is painfully high the last few years , but this has kept out debt interest payments down . 
  inflation is bad sure - it hurts the average joe , but its certainly better than the state defaulting and the knock on effects this has . 
  high inflation is also being caused in the uk by quantitive easing - the boe is effectively printing money to buy government debts , pushing down the interest rates ( which again is a huge help - uk bond yields are very close to germany 's despite having a significantly weaker economic outlook and larger deficit ) but also pushing up inflation and supposedly powering growth ( although i 'm sceptical of that ) . 
  i do n't think you 'll ever see a politician admitting that the quantitative easing is intended to stoke inflation because inflation is a naughty negative word , but i doubt they see it as a net negative effect right now , particularly when the uk private sector is also heavily indebted . 
  what would you have people do exactly ? 
  i 'm honestly curious . 
  put the meps who represent constituencies in the eurozone in charge of forming a eurozone executive which controls the fiscal policy . 
  but of course no one wants this because it takes power away from the national politicians : /, 
  you first !, 
  i think its more likely that the us will end up splitting than falling into full blown fascism , or at least several states will try to split . 
  whether they have civil war ii because they ca n't handle secession , who knows . 
  i find it unlikely , but elements in the us government are genuinely terrifying . 
  the turnout in eu elections in the uk is shockingly low . 
  the only people who really bother are those who have a big point to make , and older people . 
  the people with very strong feelings are more often than not eurosceptic and hate the eu . 
  old people are traditionally significantly more conservative . 
  i do n't actually bother voting in the eu elections and i 'm fairly into politics . 
  feel free to criticise this of course , i do n't really have a reason not to , i just ca n't be bothered . 
  i think you should be allowed to use force to restrain a burglar , but not beyond that unless its a matter of self defence . 
  if the burglar is armed then all bets are off . 
  i do n't think you should be allowed to smash a burglar over the head with a baseball bat from behind if you see him rummaging through one of your drawers . 
  i 'm british , i do n't think the law needed to be changed . 
  as it was it was up to a judge/jury to decide if someone in a house had used ` reasonable force ' . 
  by guaranteeing that people who defend their property are n't going to be prosecuted you 're opening a can of worms . 
  i appear to be in the minority of brits though . 
  democracy !, 
  think redditorfor5minutes may be dutch - srebrenica massacre happened with a large number of dutch soldiers standing by and doing nothing . 
  i 've had arguments with my dad about why we should have an eu army , if only for peacekeeping operations etc , and he always ends up talking about srebrenica and how disgusting it was . 
  its pretty much instilled in him a complete distrust of any eu/nato humanitarian operations . 
  `` british army would never have allowed that to happen '' etc. 
  terrible , terrible piece of history . 
  i fail to see why its unreasonable to criticise the eu for building a massive building with the purpose of ` holding summits ' ( when the current buildings do the job perfectly adequately ) when pretty much every eu country is struggling with deficit reduction and shrinking national budgets . 
  this at a time when the eu parliament is calling for the eu budget to be increased by 5.8 % this year . 
  can you not * honestly * see why this is a huge what the fuck ? 
  also , the article is written in american english not british . 
  i 'm not a fan of cameron but i think he makes a perfectly valid point - the criticisms of architecture aside ( i really do n't give a shit what the building looks like ) . 
  if the uk government decided to build a fancy new wing of parliament/number 10 the general public would be aghast right now . 
  the eu should be no different . 
  i totally agree that certain segments of the uk media like to rip on the eu for no good reason , but this criticism is * entirely * reasonable . 
  or how i learned to stop worrying and love fractional reserve banking . 
  was this your parliament ( or your equivalent , sorry not at all familiar with the belgian system ) voting in favour of the budget and the war but not supporting any particular executive ? 
  or did the bureaucrats just do all this without democratic support ? 
  what does this mean exactly ? 
  there 's no reason to enforce any rules on language on anyone - people should be able to speak what they like . 
  insofar as it being the common 2nd language in business , science & politics it already is , so what effect would it being an official lingua franca actually have ? 
  i think france stood out as the only country during the eurovision song contest ( sorry ! ), 
  which did n't announce the points in english . 
  but the difference is european * cities * generally have very good public transport . 
  outside of the cities i 'll give you , not so much . 
  it does n't make economic sense as the population density is too low . 
  but there is another point : if you want to travel into the big cities in the uk or europe you can get the train easily enough . 
  you might have to walk for half an hour to get a bus etc , but you can do it . 
  or you can just drive for 5 minutes to the nearest train station and park there . 
  in the states the rail network is not nearly as developed and a lot of the big cities do n't have good transport . 
  if everyone had the same earning potential and inheritance taxes were at 100 % we would already have effectively shared ownership of all the resources and land - your decisions on how you spend your money explicitly determines what the resources are used for . 
  if you buy ipods then resources are used for ipods , if you prefer to buy zen players then resources are used for zen players . 
  if we had some kind of centrally administered ( even democratically with voting systems ) it would be extremely convoluted and ... just impractical . 
  you 'd expect , for instance , for me to vote on how much of every single possible item i want and then for all the resources to be centrally distributed based on this ? 
  and then , what , if i decide later on i want a creative zen i go and collect one from the local mp3 player repository ? 
  i mean ... just what . 
  how would this possibly work ? 
  capitalism combined with equal earning potential and co-operatively owned companies * is * democratic assignment of resources but its * much * more seamless and efficient . 
  but the barriers to entry in industrial production make this impractical . 
  say i come up with a brand new spanking design for a cool new type of smartphone . 
  in the current system i can sell my neat idea to samsung and they 'll throw money at it if they think its a good idea and take it to market . 
  in a nationalised system how would i build a prototype ? 
  how would i make enough samples for people to test it and vote on it ? 
  would i have to go before a panel of government industry experts and persuade them that my phone is a cool idea , without actually having a prototype ? 
  what makes them good at deciding ? 
  effectively capitalism allows us to vote on what we like ( unfortunately our wallets are weighted by the market-derived value of our labour ) , and people make bets about what they think we 're going to like . 
  i personally think the free market extremely efficiently * enables * the kind of democratically-induced production of consumer goods you 're talking about . 
  the limitation is the value of our labour ... why should a banker earn 200x more per hour than someone cleaning a building , and as such have 200x more say in the weighting of production ? 
  i think we have fairly similar feelings to be honest ... 
  i just think the free market is the best way of creating an efficient democratisation of production . 
  the inherent problem with our system is we apply the same system to the value of labour . 
  no one seems to examine * why * your standard of living should be tied to your value to the market other than as a motivator to increase your own personal value . 
  edit : just want to add , i think you 're going to disagree because you seem to be tied to marxism . 
  in my opinion marx fatally misunderstood the power of the free market for creating innovation in industry and creating the kind of consumer goods i 'm talking about . 
  this is n't necessarily down to a lack of intelligence , but its a property of when he lived . 
  he was born in 1818 . 
  the second industrial revolution did n't even kick off until about 1850 ; his views were solidified before he even begun to see the effects of the real power of industry coupled with the power of the free market . 
  i can almost guarantee that if karl marx had lived now he 'd have a great deal more respect for the power of the free market to find and exploit the most efficient means to create what consumers ( who we all are in a sufficiently free society ) really want . 
  i 'm also sure he 'd be disgusted with the way that standards of living are still tied to their labour value , but that 's either a matter of redistributive taxation or regulating labour laws in my opinion . 
  but cuba 's system does n't lead to things i ** really ** like , like mp3 players , laptops , computer games , good cars . 
  central planning does not lead to good consumer products . 
  i completely agree with you about the limitations of capitalism - it does lead to limited production , but i think you miss its ( very substantial ) inherent advantages over central planning . 
  and what 's your solution ? 
  we have n't achieved post-scarcity outside of the digital world , which is what 's really required to move away from a capitalistic system .
