  actually the economic problems in the uk have been and are a strong argument against independence . 
  scotland is , per capita , more dependent on financial institutions than the other areas in the union . 
  the scottish government would never have had the resources to bail out royal bank of scotland . 
  if it had scotland would be a bust sovereign nation , and if it had n't scotland would have had a far worse recession than it has had . 
  the other economic activity which scotland is very disproportionately reliant on is the military , which obviously is majority funded south of the border . 
  i 'm all for them having their independence if they want it , but it does n't make good economic sense at the moment . 
  in the boom years it would have been fine . 
  the other incredibly different aspect is actually deciding who is scottish in the first place . 
  do you have to have been born in scotland ? 
  what about children of scots moved south ? 
  what about children of children ? 
  what about non scot born who have been resident for years ? 
  if you take that logic a fairly massive percentage of ` english ' people can claim scottish citizenship , and one would argue , be eligible to vote in the election . 
  a massive majority of these `` english scots '' are n't going to want independence and it would obviously be extremely unjust to not allow them to vote on the issue . 
  if its anything like other models i 've seen it will be free internet access , they 'll just hijack the http response packets and inject extra adverts ... which is n't a big problem to me . 
  they might also ask that you register with an email address for advertising purposes . 
  it will probably block all ports bar port 80 , but again this seems fair as it is free . 
  is freifunk available on smartphones ? 
  there 's a similar mesh network initiative in the uk but i understood it only worked on desktop oses after a lot of tinkering because they use their own mesh protocol , rather than standard wifi . 
  i see the shard outside my window every day - it looks awesome . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  there 's absolutely no way its coincidental that just before france loses its aaa rating key members of your government start launching a high profile attack on the uk and its banking sector - just after forcing the uk pm 's hand into vetoing a treaty and blaming it on him protecting the banks , when one of the things he actually wanted was to reserve the right to regulate the banks * more * than the eu default . 
  the french government is deflecting attention from its own inability to resolve the eurozone crisis by blaming `` capitalists '' like the nasty british and those awful american credit agencies - never mind that one of the big three is french . 
  its pathetic . 
  its a cynical and self-defeating move by sarkozy and i hope that the french people are smart enough to see through it and elect the socialist candidate . 
  if sarkozy keeps this strategy up - playing cheap politics over statesmanship - then the euro will collapse and burn and we 're * all * going to be fucked . 
  yeah , there 's some irony to france claiming that `` american '' credit rating agencies are causing all this grief when one of the big three is french and one is british . 
  the french government is massively pandering to naive populism rather than being honest about the problems ... 
  the other key difference is the british banks have been disentangled from the state where the french ones have gone in the other direction . 
  british state wo n't necessarily go to hell if the banks do . 
  there was an enlightening blog post either on the bbc or the economist about it recently, 
  but frances credit problems are n't caused by slow growth and a deficit but by enormous french bank exposure to italian and greek sovereign debt . 
  if italy and greece go under then those french banks will . 
  if france bails them out it will be an utterly insane amount of damage to the french governments books . 
  if they let them collapse then the french economy will be fucked . 
  that 's the source of the problem , not sovereign deficit . 
  if the french politicians do n't understand that then they 're blinded by their own distrust of capitalism and should be removed for being delusional . 
  if they do realise this , which i hope to god they do , then they 're just playing politics , not criticising the agencies . 
  they need to solve the debt problem not complain and attack people about it . 
  austerity and deficit reduction is completely beside the point in the short to medium term . 
  this is why the treaty the uk vetoed had n't had the slightest impact on the markets , it does n't do anything about the immediate problem . 
  it 's uk domestic politics . 
  cameron can in no way sign a treaty where he is n't seen to get something in return . 
  he asked for a bunch of things which are already pretty much there and was told no . 
  he could never have signed . 
  sarkozy and merkel should have realised this and cameron should have made this clear earlier on . 
  if cameron had signed that treaty with no token uk protections then he would probably have literally lost control of his backbenchers in parliament , ie no more government . 
  that 's not remotely similar ? 
  inflation results in the intrinsic value of a currency decreasing ; the amount of said currency you pay back remains the same . 
  no default , just what you 've got back is intrinsically worth less because the currency is devalued . 
  greece 's bonds being decreased in value is completely different : those bonds literally paid back * less * euros . 
  that is effectively a default . 
  bond yields are based on * both * the risk that the country will default * and * the perceived value of that currency x years in the future . 
  with high inflation that currency is seen to have less value in the future , so its bond yield should be correspondingly higher , but the credit rating could and should ( if the government in question has zero chance of defaulting should ) be very good . 
  credit ratings look ** entirely ** at the risk of default . 
  bond yields look at both the risk of default ( ie the credit rating ) and the inflation . 
  zimbabwe has a shitty credit rating because it has many other things wrong with it . 
  britain is very unlikely to default , but its currency may be devalued in the future so the bonds may still be cheap . 
  the separation of the judiciary , legislature and executive is only considered a ` essential pillar ' of democracy of those who have it - primarily the us . 
  the uk has a fusion of powers and most would consider it a fair and stable democracy . 
  ditto pretty much every country on the planet based on the westminster system . 
  i 'm not saying that i necessarily disagree with it in principle , but its certainly not a requirement for a functioning democracy as the westminster system shows . 
  not to mention that one of his justifications is the uk 's higher inflation . 
  while high inflation is bad for a lot of things its good for paying off your debt , and hence your credit rating . 
  inflating away your debt is one of the things you can do if you 're in control of your currency . 
  le sigh . 
   i find it hard to imagine that the the british would willingly give up their ability to actually actively participate in european politics via eu institutions . 
  you lack imagination then . 
  what influence do most british people see them having in european politics ? 
  pretty much nil . 
  what we 've seen from the eurozone crisis has massively reinforced the perception ( and reality ? ), 
  that the eu has a huge democratic deficit . 
  has it been the eu parliament voting and debating on how the issue is to be solved ? 
  nope . 
  its all been effectively bilateral negotiations between france and germany . 
  i can promise you that if the people deciding how to resolve this crisis had been meps who commanded a majority in the eu parliament we might be more inclined to care about a loss of influence . 
  every country 's influence in the eu outside of france and germany is pretty abstract - its just negotiations done behind closed doors . 
  i 'm quite into politics and i do n't even bother voting for meps , and the vast majority of those who do just use it a protest vote to affect national politics . 
  i 'm actually pro-eu and would rather the uk aimed to join the euro ( with a fiscal union ) ... but only if the eu reformed to the extent that its properly democratically accountable . 
  london is in the south east , not the south west , for a start . 
  also , no . 
  this is n't correct ; the act of parliament made a referendum mandatory in the event of any treaties which passed ` significant ' powers from the uk to brussels . 
  a treaty which does n't do this can be signed just fine . 
   my point is this . 
  no one knows if lakag\u00edgar will erupt again . 
  maybe it will maybe it wo n't . 
  maybe it will be tomorrow maybe in a thousand years . 
  it 's impossible to tell . 
  it 's not very responsible to jump to the conclusion that it 's going to erupt because a volcano that erupts very frequently may or may not be about to erupt . 
  whilst you 're right it sounds like you 're equating say , a volcano erupting and a coin toss . 
  volcanoes erupting are n't probabilistically independent events like coin tosses are ; they 're entirely related . 
  you * can * reasonably claim that the longer an active volcano has gone without erupting the more likely it is to erupt tomorrow and the more likely it is to be a big eruption : magma and pressure does generally build up over time in a volcano and if it is n't released you can be pretty sure its going to go sometime . 
  ditto with earthquakes . 
  if a tectonic plate as a whole has ground past another a few metres over a century or so but a part of the plate has been locked together then you can be * certain * that there will be an earthquake and pretty sure it 'll be larger as a result . 
  i should have been clearer where my quote came from , was here : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-15995845, 
   katla is part of a volcanic system that includes the laki craters . 
  in 1783 the chain erupted continuously for eight months generating so much ash , hydrogen fluoride and sulphur dioxide that it killed one in five icelanders and half of the country 's livestock . 
   `` and it actually changed the earth 's climate , '' says mr cochran . 
   `` folks talk about a nuclear winter - this eruption generated enough sulphuric acid droplets that it made the atmosphere reflective , cooled the planet for an entire year or more and caused widespread famine in many places around the globe . 
  if it erupts in a big way it would n't be an ele or anything , but it could fuck over global harvests quite badly !,
