  if they 're all `` each-mini-horse-for-itself '' then you 're laughing . 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why bdsm ... ahem . 
  i think its interesting that the conflict in afghanistan has been such a major event in america , and a large part of the west 's conscience . 
  every dead soldier has been reported and lead to endless questions about right and wrong . 
  the human cost of the that conflict , and iraq , has been a centre point of the west 's soul-searching for the past 10 years . 
  we 're * far * less likely to intervene in situations compared to ten years ago as a result of the destruction wrought and unhappy outcomes . 
  most russians do n't believe there are even soldiers in ukraine . 
  its an interesting contrast , without labouring the point too much . 
  the russian state 's behaviour and its people 's opinions and thoughts are so entirely alien to how the west operates . 
  frankly the military differences are n't that interesting to me - i 'm pretty sure pound for pound the major developed countries in nato wipe the floor with russia by an order of magnitude . 
  russia 's military is n't particularly intimidating in my opinion - admittedly i do n't live in eastern europe and am protected by a nuclear deterrent . 
  to put this in perspective , the u.s. has in total lost 2,238 soldiers in afghanistan . 
  do you honestly not realise how you sound ? 
  `` trust me we need draconian measures because there are bad people ... '' is it seriously so hard to dig up a screenshot of the front page covered in brigaded content in a sustained manner , or ** any ** evidence of this ? 
  you 're being completely ridiculous . 
  i 've asked time and time again for any evidence and no one can present anything beyond some people discussing it on other websites and saying `` trust me it happens '' . 
  i 've even seen certain moderators asking * other * moderators for evidence of the brigading half of you lot seem to suggest is happening because they ca n't see it themselves . 
  present evidence or gtfo . 
  seriously . 
  i 'm tired of this shit . 
  people saying this stuff come across as suffering from delusional paranoia to me to be honest . 
  you ca n't claim that you want strict policies removing and censoring content then refuse to provide any evidence that such content needs removing in the first place . 
  i 've seen a lot of people complaining about brigading racists but i have n't actually ever seen any despite reading this sub every day . 
  even after the moderation policies changed i have n't seen any substantial change in content . 
  straw man argument . 
  you can create rules banning memes which most core posters would approve of . 
  memes are n't a problem in this subreddit fortunately . 
  you should n't have rules allowing mods to arbitrarily decide which content they do and do n't like . 
  only if the british ones all come with complementary patio heaters ? 
  its really [ swarmed ] ( https://sc-cdn.scaleengine.net/i/e3af22159ad9e9ef38cb11514da65bd31.png ), 
  yeah , the front page is just full of immigration posts ... https://sc-cdn.scaleengine.net/i/e3af22159ad9e9ef38cb11514da65bd31.png 1 post with 7 comments is just too much . 
  radical opinion : community upvotes and downvotes determine the `` quality '' of a submission . 
  mods determine which breach the rules . 
  quality is too subjective to be fair - mods can ( and do ) use it to remove posts they personally do n't like . 
  language , culture , music . 
  not a super power but tries to pull it 's weight . 
  similar relationships with the us . 
  would be in the eu if it were in europe . 
  can get a bit nippy in the winter . 
  strangely conservative government . 
  polite , 
  so serious question , i 'm driving through calais on friday to go visit south of france . 
  does anyone have any idea what kind of delays to expect on the kent side and once through ? 
  yes i 'm also very much looking forward to `` brexit campaign megathread 86 '' with all of the opportunities to cogently dicuss the issue with our european neighbours . 
  frankly , the bannings , including myself , were n't mistakes . 
  they were n't misclicks . 
  they were n't a mod misinterpreting the rules . 
  they were abuse of power by moderators for personal , probably emotional reasons . 
  this behaviour should certainly result in those moderators being demodded . 
  that it 's repeated and consistent behaviour makes it bizarre that it has n't happened . 
  that posts discussing the bannings and the weird behaviour by the mods are routinely removed is evidence of a cover up . 
  again whether it 's all the mods or just one or two bad eggs is impossible to tell . 
  the whole thing reeks and it is n't surprising that anyone who 's been paying attention thinks that the moderation system is morally corrupt . 
  this is n't an accusation against you personally ; i have no idea how many `` mistakes '' you may have made . 
  however there is definitely a serious problem and that the moderators all band together to defend a corrupt and broken system which covers up after itself makes you appear guilty by association . 
  frankly i think the moderators who are n't going around wielding the ban and delete hammer should resign for their own personal integrity . 
  agreed . 
  me too \\ o /, 
  ah fair enough . 
  you misunderstand . 
  the eur is weaker than a deutschmark would be , boosting german exports . 
  the eur is stronger than a drachma would be , hindering greek exports . 
  pretty sure that 's exactly what 's happening . 
  greece can either leave the eurozone , devalue its own currency and sort itself out , or the rest of the eurozone can pay greece to stay in , ie a subvention to compensate for its lack of ability to devalue . 
  this bailout is n't going to be repaid . 
  fair comment . 
  i 'd suggest one of the easiest thing to do with a low barrier to entry and which is in very high demand is web development . 
  build yourself a website , learn html , css , javascript with no frameworks or libraries ( other than jquery ) . 
  you do n't need any special software , servers or hosting , just do it all on your computer . 
  you can probably get a low-level job at this ability . 
  if you like it then go down the rabbit hole and look up js frameworks ( react , angular ) , css precompilers ( less , sass ) , task managers ( grunt , gulp ) . 
  you can apply for jobs as a full front-end developer with decent pay at this level . 
  then when you 're confident with all that stuff have some fun with nodejs so you can build server-side stuff and mess around with a database . 
  you can be the next kevin rose at this point . 
  looks like you can type and read a screen okay ? 
  consider learning to code . 
  do it while you 're studying for fun . 
  when you graduate try and get a development job . 
  if you ca n't find one apply for jobs in another country in the eu . 
  the uk ( or london at least ) has a huge shortage of developers . 
  and you speak english . 
  the majority of my colleagues are from other european nations . 
  yes in english media your airforce is referred to as the luftwaffe . 
  for historical reasons we all know what the word means so why not use one word - panzer - where otherwise two would be needed - german tanks . 
   english canal \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  ... do n't try to talk to parisians , 
  a free market depends just as much on freedom of labour as it does capital , services and commodities . 
  personally i wish we were in schengen ... :(, 
  do n't think she is , she 's just a tumblrina and has an extremely warped view of how the world works . 
  i 'd like to think this would n't trigger any kind of direct reprisal on russia . 
  if they were ` little green men ' we 'd just fly in a few tens of thousands of troops to help estonia with `` peace keeping '' . 
  aggressively . 
  russia could of course choose to invade in a conventional capacity at that point , but i do n't think they 'd have much luck for more than a few months . 
  unless i 'm much mistakes the usaf w / some token allies would have air supremacy pretty rapidly . 
  ... got ta get the yanks involved when we need to know which gun to pick , 
  there 's always been a bit of a question as to whether the us would be prepared to use its nuclear weapons in the defence of europe . 
  would they be willing to risk their own potential annihilation to defend another continent ? 
  the uk ( and france ) would probably be almost guaranteed to use them in a tactical capacity against an overwhelming force which was crossing central europe , if only for selfish reasons . 
  do n't think this would help estonia very much though .
