  he said he 's interested in bringing his family with him and that denmark makes you wait 1-2 years whereas sweden makes you only wait months . 
  seems a reasonable reason to me . 
  i 'd do the same . 
  this seems to be the kind of thing that should be harmonised at an eu level to stop these kind of different incentives causing large scale movement between member states . 
  incidentally i believe the best approach is funding camps and centres in neighbouring countries for everyone - not just fit young men - and accepting the most vulnerable refugees is the correct approach here , in terms of humanitarian aid . 
  wow . 
  this is now on my bucket list next time i 'm in that part of europe !, 
  amazing . 
  thanks for the photo , 
  that pretty much all unsolved murders are put down to suicide ? 
  apologies as it 's a bit much to ask , but would you mind terribly translating the whole speech so we can judge the context for ourselves ? 
  that 's the right way to do it . 
  fortify calais - no one gets through via illegal means . 
  bring people who register via the un . 
  do n't like guardian headlines . 
  he 's not necessarily bowing to pressure - maybe he genuinely was hit by that photo that did the rounds this morning . 
  it hit me . 
  and he 's been giving shit tonnes of money to syria for ages to try and improve the situation over there . 
  interesting !, 
  really neat way of doing it . 
  i have an idea for a way to do upvote analysis using css , but i do n't want to discuss too openly because it would be possible to evade it . 
  comment analysis is interesting but i do n't think its evidence in its current state - you do n't have any form of control graph . 
  have you made equivalent stats for other subreddits which are n't at all related ? 
  it also looks like your data comes from res tagging which is human-generated , and potentially biased ? 
  uk govt believe ( s/d ) that to have a high income , high skill labour force more people need to go to university , so it costs more . 
  whether that 's correct or not i have no idea . 
  still think someone should stick something fruity in the css/layout and actually try and determine if this brigading crap is happening or not . 
  personally i do n't think it is . 
  think there are just a bunch of bigots subscribed to the subreddit . 
  anyway , downvote and move on . 
  this thread is already pretty heavily downvoted . 
  it is n't really relevant . 
  not surprised . 
  dropbears and kangaroos everywhere . 
  agreed . 
  now to find some policies to reduce the regional disparities ... 
  i 'd like to take a crack at this . 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  a few hours a day  how often do you visit / r/europe [ 2 ] ? 
  few times a day . 
  this is my favourite subreddit . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  uk  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  bad french , lots of programming languages   what interests you about europe ? 
  in the subreddit , politics and economics . 
  when travelling around ... history , culture , architecture , food & drink !, 
  i like road trips and the continent is where i go   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe [ 3 ] ? 
  my favourite aspect is seeing different news articles and focuses than i 'd see in domestic british media - you see issues which are important domestically in other european nations , which ultimately are important to all of us . 
  i read a variety of news sources each week , but nothing is as good at general european news as this subreddit . 
  reading different european 's reactions to that media in the discussions is also important to me - it 's very interesting how different nationalities ( without generalising too much ) respond to events differently , due to history , culture . 
  i do n't contribute as much as i could , primarily because i do n't often have anything unique or original to contribute . 
  the most negative thing i 've seen is the moderation in the last few months , as i 've discussed a few times - and been banned over . 
  that it even got to that stage is ludicrous . 
  i find the lack of transparency very troubling , particularly as the majority of the people on this subreddit would usually claim to be pro-transparency when discussing real-world issues . 
  i agree with people that the extent of the discussion on immigration has been troubling , and has brought out a lot of hard feelings . 
  however i absolutely believe that the reason we 've seen so much discussion is because it 's on the national agenda of a large number of european countries . 
  i do n't believe that because an issue becomes dominant politically we should suppress it because it can be upsetting . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  not really on reddit . 
  i 've had significant responsibilities in online gaming and development environments , but not for a couple of years . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  i think i 'd be good at it by my own standards - transparency , fairness , following the rules . 
  or i 'd find that it 's actually impossible to do that and it 'd change my opinion ( positive ) about the quality of moderation here in the past . 
  let 's see !, 
  i also do n't think the moderation has been as effective or fair as well as it could be , and should be recently . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i 'm very , very honest and open . 
  i do n't take things personally or get upset . 
  i believe i 'm cogent and lucid in a discussion , even if it gets heated . 
   do you have any exprience with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  not with reddit bots specifically . 
  i know javascript ( nodejs ) and python which i 'd imagine would be the language one would use for a reddit bot . 
  have a maths background and my work has a moderate focus on analytics and metrics as well . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  it was awful . 
  i 've elaborated on my reasons in other posts . 
  it suppressed discussion because it was very , very hard to use . 
  there was no easy way to browse the content and engage in discussion . 
  i consider it a crude form of censorship-lite , and unworthy of a community which values ideas , discussion and discourse . 
  ultimately i think it made the issue worse . 
  those who have strong feelings felt marginalised by the people with power . 
  those who want to engage with people of different opinions felt their own values were being trampled on . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  probably inflexible . 
  if something is n't against the rules i will be very much against any form of active moderation . 
  if i feel something is against the rules , but it 's a good post anyway , it should be a reason to clarify the rules . 
  law ( rules ) are the only way to have a fair and just system . 
  the moderators ' are for enforcing the rules , and leading the community in selecting those rules . 
  the community is for deciding the content in every other way . 
  in my humble opinion . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  hundred duck sized horses . 
  i do n't think a horses mouth would be very effective in miniature so i 'm not worried about being bitten . 
  and their kick would n't be an issue at that size . 
  stamp on 'em until they stop moving . 
  a horse-sized duck would be a significant challenge . 
  frankly just a horse would be pretty difficult to fight , if you 're not well-armed . 
  i 'm also sceptical about how well a group of 100 duck-sized horses would work together .
