  the media has always been used to enforce the hegemonic ideology that sustains the present social order . 
  edit : surprising to see i 'm downvoted and the user below upvoted when we 're basically saying the same . 
   information is the job of the media * chokes *, 
  what is your point ? 
  i do n't think that 's true for spain , though . 
  we have plenty of internet in spanish so we do n't have the same nevessity for english services than in other countries . 
  it is unlikely that these numbers represent this difference in english fluency between spain and countries like , for example , italy . 
  although i agree with your general point . 
  i 'm pretty sure that desertification in north africa and the middle east was due to climate change , not to goats . 
  although i wo n't bother finding a source . 
  could n't you at least include a til to make the post interesting ? 
  it 's not like the dude 's life was boring at all . 
  radix/radicis and al are its lexical components but the word is radicalis . 
  at least that 's what i 've read . 
  radical comes from the latin word `` radicalis '' , which means `` related to the root '' . 
  although radical has become a derogatory term to refer to anyone whose beliefs differ significantly from the hegemonic ideology , there is not really a difference between a radical and a fundamentalist . 
  most of the people in the western world are radical parlamentary `` capitalists '' holding all sorts of wild beliefs that are not considered radical because those are the norm . 
  i should report you . 
  that argument is so bad . 
  so you are literally saying that more inequal countries have more opportunities despite the fact that better countries like the scandinavians have lower inequality than worse countries like romania , bulgaria and spain ? 
  what obsession ? 
  i just provided a source showing that sweden , finland , the netherlands etc have much less inequality than romania , bulgaria and spain , the three with the most . 
  are you saying there are more `` opportunities '' here than there ? 
  you think that the more unequal a country is the better chance you have from going from poor to rich ? 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/income_distribution_statistics source and much more information about this can be found there . 
  edit : to clarify , this measures the ratio between the average income of the top and bottom 20 % of the population . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:inequality_of_income_distribution,_2014_ ( income_quintile_share_ratio ) _ yb16.png we 're pretty high up there . 
  i was not implying that we are a northern country , only that out we should n't be included in a group of northern countries based on simar gdps . 
  and what do you mean by that inequality comment ? 
  gdp is relatively high in spain but you have to remember that we have very high and increasing levels of inequality . 
  there 's no way that we are so close to other northern countries . 
  yup . 
  trump is a complete disaster for the us but at least he may de-escalate tensions with russia , which is good for the eu . 
  i 'm surprised you were actually not downvoted to oblivion ; i used to preach your same message years ago to be told i was brainwashed and a pro-russian and whatnot . 
  that seems like an appropiate and completely sincere response that acknowledges or disproves the presented arguments . 
  thank you for your contribution . 
  there was no reaction either when the partido popular from spain had to be raided by the police for refusing to hand in documents to a judge and destroyed hdd and other proof when being investigated for corruption , among other things . 
  it was outrageous by the eu did nothing . 
  now it 's even less likely they 'll do anything in romania but not because they are secretely commies like you seem to believe , but because they do n't want to be percieved as breaking the sovereignity of member nations while also lacking effective tools to do so . 
  take the fucking streets . 
  if i were you i would have burnt a bunch of cars already . 
  looks very dreamy to me . 
  the lake is from sea waters though , right ? 
   if wealth ends up being concentrated in a few , we already have taxes that increase with excess wealth to deal with that . 
  oh , so that 's why inequality is ** not ** increasing all over the world at an alarming rate . 
   `` hmm that job does not pay enough to feed my family and i will face eviction regardless of whether i take it . '' you seem to be completely disconnected from reality . 
  of course you wo n't accept a job that pays you literally nothing , but those jobs do not exist . 
  the matter is that a minimum wage job ( which in spain is less than 700 $ ( a bit more than my monthly expenses as a frugal student renting a room in a cheap town ) is the only option for many people that would otherwise starve their families . 
  saying it is irrational to accept those desperate jobs and that one should invest time is self-improvement , getting fit and further education instead is being completely ignorant of what the real world is like . 
   that 's the point : it 's irrational to accept a job that does not allow one to `` eat and feed their families '' . 
  `` hmm that job barely pays enough to feed my family and i will likely face eviction , it would be irrational to accept it . 
  a more rational option would be to starve . '', 
  you really know nothing about how people live in most of the world . 
   then it 's simply irrational to accept the job are you fucking twelve ? 
  people need to eat and feed their families . 
  do you live in some sort of bubble ? 
   better spend that time doing something useful instead : staying healthy , volunteer work , educating yourself , etc. 
  that is a net improvement for everyone . 
  i know your daddy has always payed for everything you need but in the real world people have to work to survive . 
  do you realize that , right , mr. ultrarationalman ? 
  lowering wages in spain are not even a result of an overall unproductive society ; the number of millionaires ( +3 $ million ) has doubled in spain since 2008 while overall inequality has also increased . 
  the problem is political . 
  we have a government increasingly deregulating the workplace and allowing for increasingly explotative working conditions . 
  even the owner of an international luxury hotel company literally said that companies are exploiting workers way too much and that it is unethical . 
  imagine how fucking miserable the average worker is here for fucking antonio catal\u00e1n to say that . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  but the system you support is killing millions of people each year and brutally exploiting even more . 
  the only reason whh you think it 's fine is because it 's the dominant ideology . 
  what i 'm saying is that communism is effectively reducing the number of deaths due to poverty and imperialist wars while being more efficient at improving the lifes of the masses . 
  but surely the ones who dissgree with you are the ones blinded by ideology . 
  your logic is that communism is bad because it `` killed '' 100 million people . 
  thus , i respond stating that , when judged in the same way , capitalism has killed many , many more . 
  thus , according to your own argument , capitalism is worse than communism . 
  i am literally using your own argument , as the factor that you use to be against communism is even worse in capitalism , which you are thus defending . 
  do you understand ? 
  if you are defining the worseness of an economic system by the amount of people `` killed '' by it , you should be defending communism over capitalism . 
  have a read : https://www.reddit.com/r/latestagecapitalism/comments/5q2oak/someone_dies_under_socialism_no_matter_how_its/dcvu8lg/?context=3, 
  cool, 
  look !, 
  i casually found the answer to your exact question here : https://www.reddit.com/r/latestagecapitalism/comments/5q2oak/comment/dcvu8lg, 
  communists have much higher percentages of superiorly educated people . 
  did you know that ? 
  you probably do n't even know why you hate communism so badly that you convinced yourself that `` communists have brain damage '' . 
  lol, 
  yeah , and not even trotskists only : the poum and other not soviet-controlled communist parties were also attacked by stalin 's pce . 
  i missed the sarcasm then . 
  i hear so much idiotic crap that i can never be too sure . 
  is that what you try to say ? 
  that collectivization of private property and suppression of surplus value stealing logically lead to genocide ? 
  the soviet union collapsed almost 30 years ago . 
  did you live there ? 
  and still , why do you assume that communism consists solely in the soviet model ? 
  honduras , the us , spain and and denmark are all capitalist nations with huge differences . 
  cuba and north korea are communist countries with huge differences . 
  does me being communist imply that i somehow blindly support stalin or something ? 
  capitalism has killed 0 people . 
  no one has ever died under capitalism whatsoever . 
  under global capitalism nobody starves , dies of lack of access to basic healthcare and clean water , imperialist actions and government repression . 
  under capitalism no poor workers from poor nations are exploited to work inhuman jobs to barely survive . 
  under capitalism raising unequality and energetic poverty do n't exist , so there is also no crime .
