  ** americans were able to continue to buy cheap fruit and live like kings and love that marvellous capitalist system that brough them so much abundance . 
  do you understand my point ? 
  the same is happening today all over the world . 
  people in bangladesh or morocco are earning miserable salaries so that you can consume cheap clothing . 
  african mine workers are being executed for demanding better working conditions so that you have cheap batteries , electronics and jewels . 
  capitalism needing accelerated growth and thus devouring its own society ( exhausting neocolonialist dynamics ) is a whole other topic and i ca n't stay on reddit all day , but i will adress those points at a later time . 
  would you say that the nazis rose to power because of their hatred towards the jews and blacks or would you say that such movement was a reaction to a very harsh economic environment ? 
  saying that the right-wing has risen because of the refugee crisis is deliberately oblivious . 
  far right groups have always existed and inmigration was always present . 
  the real reason for the current situation is that people are angry , but instead of being angry with their system they find someone else to blame and become scared of . 
  they think * `` how can the system be wrong if it has worked so far ? 
  '' * and from that starting point it seems reasonable to believe that some external force is negatively interfering . 
  and i do believe that economy is by extremely far the most important aspect in politics . 
  do you think people would be still so reluctant towards inmigrants if they lived in a blooming society that could fairly provide for them without them feeling impotent and abandoned ? 
  capitalism is the reason for the economic decline and the increased inequality that are bringing those `` anti-establishment '' movements towards positions of power . 
  now that producing countries are becoming less exploitable and capitalism is stagnated , it has started to grow on the impoverishment of the population of western countries . 
  the eu is doomed , especially with people uncapable of recognizing that our problems are not due to some esotheric crisis of no known origin but to the predictable systemic failure of a system that was never designed to improve the lives of the masses . 
  did n't know that . 
  source ? 
  you are like those people who project their defects onto others to make critizism seem whataboutist . 
  whatever then , i 'm a propagandist and you are the holder of the truth about justice . 
  oh , and that video you showed was from the aftermath . 
  you should see the video where the massacre was talking place instead . 
  plenty of young people with ukranian flags celebrating their murders with laughter . 
  but you can keep being oblivious to the ukrainian coup being directed by fascists that openly called for the ethnic cleanse of ukraine , if you want . 
  that pic is nothing without context . 
  besides , have you seen videos about odessa ? 
  youngster were laughing as they burned people down and shot them while they tried to scape the fire through the windows , it was not self-defense . 
  but i understand you have anan excessively biased perspective being from there and you feel like it 's right to justify such atrocities . 
  probably because similar invasions of privacy have already been taking place for many years now by various global powers ? 
  i do n't think it is irrelevant but it is definitely not suprising . 
  not only it is bad because it serves as a way to localize and identify activists and oppositors but it also seems to lay the grounds for extremely authoritarian internal policies in the upcoming events of global conflict ( china and the us , among others , are also increasingly doing this ) . 
  overall a very black future seems to be presenting itself . 
  i 've never been in that sub but the times i 've seen it in the frontpage seemed to indicate a strong far-right pro-western vibe . 
  by the way , it 's you that accused someone with a different opinion of being some russian infiltrate or something . 
  the us has openly stated that they supported the coup from the beginning ( for democracy of course ) and provided financial and military aid absolutely openly . 
  it is as much of a conspiracy as that they armed islamists in the middle east to fight various geopolitical opponents . 
  are you really that paranoid ? 
  i wish they 'd pay me lol i 'm just procrastinating for my finals . 
  there is so much i could argue against your points ( the irregularity of the ukraine after the coup , the anti-russian far-right agressions such as the odessa massacre , the involvement of the us escalating the conflict and effectively turning it into a proxy war on russia 's borders ... ) but have my differential equations final in two weeks and have to study . 
  we 'll be watching you , 
   it comes after the foreign secretary said vladimir putin 's regime is `` up to all sorts of very dirty tricks '' in the world , such as cyber warfare , i actually snorted my tea right there . 
  they could preach against violence while murdering without hesitating at all , lol . 
   1 ) the `` referendum '' was held by armed green men from russia , who 3 days earlier occupied the territory . 
  if was neither free nor fair and could not serve as grounds for declaring independence . 
  ukrainian law does not allow for such a referendum to be held . 
  source ? 
  the democratic president of crimea asked for un and osce observers to confirm the veracity of the referendum but they refused to come . 
  non-osce observers from various european countries confirmed the adherence of the referendum to international law , although , according to a historian from yale , far-right groups were among said observers . 
  a journalist claimed to be able to vote by presenting her russian one-year permit to work in crimea despite not being an actual citizen . 
  a us official said they had `` concrete evidence '' for pre-marked ballots . 
  economics is not a science . 
  what you are stating is not a physical low , it 's an expected outcome with the current economic policy , which is subject to change . 
  that is our point , to change the economic environment altogether . 
   if we do n't give companies tax haven-like fiscal status they will flee to tax havens . 
  why do n't we get rid of taxes completely then ? 
  all companies will be able to stay ... anywhere !, 
  is that the point you are making ? 
  you are taking the gospel of greed as some sort of ethereal truth about humans and applying it to whatever historical event forcefitting it ( the ussr collapsed because people did n't have the chance to be greedy , the launch of the first satellite or any other feat of the ussr is then some sort of magical error that ca n't happen according to theory ) . 
  there are plenty of people who are motivated to work for a salary that allows them to live comfortably . 
  many thrive from improving the world around them and not because of some unstoppable thirst for money . 
  in fact , the only ones who are subject to this limitations in high earnings are people who put their own benefits above all else and have no problem damaging others or their own companies for their own short term profits . 
  it 's not like inequality is rising all over the world and every year records are broken about the relative wealth of the richest and the poorest . 
  it 's not like populations among most western countries are turning against `` the establishment '' through right or left populist parties because they do n't trust the statu quo and feel like their governments do n't work for them . 
  surely what we need is to allow the greedy to become greedier , that will solve the problems we are facing ... somehow . 
  i 'm sure there will be no skilled people people at all willing to work in england anymore for such salaries . 
  literally all `` good executives '' and financial especulators will flee . 
  great then !, 
  less greedy assholes willing to devour society for their personal benefit . 
  not really . 
  it was an organization composed of more members than himself that was payed those amounts for consultation services in some latin american countries ( for example military and strategic services ) . 
  monedero had not done anything illegal and was not accountable for prosecution but still payed a different amount of tax after this was portrayed in the mainstream media as some sort of corruption scandal ( even though he never even worked as a politician in the end ) . 
  because if someone can only earn a million pounds per year he will probably give up working competely as he has no incentive at all to be productive if he ca n't win one hundred million , right ? 
  something something human nature . 
  you 're still kind of an douche for shitting on him if he really has it that bad , even if he is kind of an asshole too . 
  you did n't understand his point at all . 
  can you really blame them for the futa ? 
  europe according to who ? 
  they cooperated with the german economic elites , privatized public services to gain their favour and even cooperated with the jewish witgenstein family as they were one of the richest families of the world . 
  the soviet communists expropiated the goods of those same people . 
  you do n't even provide any source for your claims , almost as if you were guided by feelings insteads of facts . 
  it all makes sense once you accept trump in your heart . 
  his source is a facebook pic with some sort of bullshit claim in bold letters that completely confirms his previous beliefs in the likes of : this is a picture of socialists protesting against the existance of jews * picture of rally against israel 's occupation of palestine * socialists = nazis extremes are the same confirmed share to spread this information, 
  til nazis are self-hating socialists . 
  did you read the wiki article i linked , at least ? 
  or are you completely in denial ? 
  i 'll explain in a way that you understand : if i say i 'm an astronaut but not only i do n't ever go to space but dedicate my life to sabotaging astronautical facilities , would you still consider me an astronaut ? 
  why would you even defend this ? 
  how does this resonate with your personal identity in any way ? 
  do you just feel the need to demonize socialism by associating the nazis to them ? 
  rofl https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-communist_mass_killings#nazi_germany  german communists , socialists and trade unionists were among the earliest domestic opponents of nazism [ 10 ] and were also among the first to be sent to concentration camps . 
  hitler claimed that communism was a jewish ideology which the nazis termed `` judeo-bolshevism '' . 
  fear of communist agitation was used as justification for the enabling act of 1933 , the law which gave hitler plenary powers . 
  hermann g\u00f6ring later testified at the nuremberg trials that the nazis ' willingness to repress german communists prompted president paul von hindenburg and the german elite to cooperate with the nazis . 
  the first concentration camp was built at dachau , in march 1933 , to imprison german communists , socialists , trade unionists and others opposed to the nazis . 
  [ 11 ] communists , social democrats and other political prisoners were forced to wear a red triangle . 
   whenever the nazis occupied a new territory , members of communist , socialist , or anarchist groups were normally to be the first persons detained or executed . 
  evidence of this is found in hitler 's infamous commissar order , in which he ordered the summary execution of all political commissars captured among soviet soldiers , as well as the execution of all communist party members in german held territory . 
  [ 12 ] [ 13 ] einsatzgruppen carried out these executions in the east . 
  [ 14 ] you are an ignorant .
