  how does this have anything to do with the comment you responded to ? 
  so your point is that no adult that did not vote or did n't vote for leave does n't hold those opinions ? 
  do you understand how polls work ? 
  are you crazy ? 
  the r&d budget has been reduced by 35 % since 2009 and that is by far the biggest influx of money to science . 
  in fact , basic scientists have no influx whatsoever of private investment . 
  and not only that , the problem , as a professor of mine once explained to me , is that once investment is dropped science ca n't resume right after . 
  people either go away or do n't have the means to pursue scientific careers , leaving not only a gap but also a blank in scientific projects that impulsate one another . 
  it specially bothers me , as a physics student , that people so obviously ignorant of the subject like you hold on to their ridiculous opinions and fuck their own society with their reactionary fury . 
  let me guess , you have no college education whatsoever to know the slightest bit about this , do you ? 
  edit : wow , a downvote after 30 seconds , you sure showed me . 
  oh yeah , young people with high education in sciences and engineering are totally staying thanks to the increasing r&d budgets . 
  it 's all lies , espa\u00f1a va bien !, 
  i do n't want to annex anything neither did i lose any piece of land , lol . 
  you goddamn fools keep falling for frivolous and vitriolic calls for patriotism while the real thing that you should be worried about is an economic system that progressively furthers class division . 
  keep chanting your nationalist mottos , all i hear is `` please shove it deeper inside my ass , my capitalist master '' . 
  honestly it 's at times like this when i wish china would take over the world already and make arrogant britons holding on to the imperial pride serve sone chinese overlords . 
  triggered, 
  my great grandfather was taken `` de paseo '' shortly after the war ended even though he was not a soldier , just ideologically republican . 
  they came in the night and took him in his underwear , leaving his 9 children and wife behind . 
  if that is not terrorism , i do n't know what is , and this paramilitary groups were actively supported by franco . 
  your point being that any relation between the nazis and franco is pure coincidence and that any blame for massacring civilians can be shifted away from el caudillo ? 
  oh , and cuba is the only latin american country that has erradicated hunger and child malnourishment as ratified by the un . 
  i never said we should abolish tourism but i guess i 'm the idiot here . 
  if you do n't acknowledge the housing problem in barcelona and how it directly relates to tourism then i 'm not surprised you do n't understand policies limiting it . 
  the benefits of having some more hotels for the vast majority of the population are probably much less than the benefits of slightly reducing tourism in some areas to decrese housing prices . 
  plus the long term plan is to redevelop an industry and base it on new technology to rely less on tourism . 
   post a scientific study backing your points insteaf of vomiting parroted opinions  get downvoted where no one will see you because we prefer to believe that the rich got 200 % richer while the rest stayed the same , inequality raising is a good thing because the rich get richer wandering through youtube/reddit/facebook truly drives me insane . 
  they do n't ban unpopular views , they ban violent speech against people based on circumstances that are inherent to them ( being trans/homosexual ), 
  but muh socialist diet !, 
  actually , 38 % of venezuelans are obese and the average daily intake of calories is above 3000kcal, 
  fooled by myself again !, 
  why wo n't i understand that if it 's socialist , it 's authoritarian ?!, 
  i think i need some freedoms . 
  now imagine if the technological development that produced that had had its results distributed among society instead of concentrating in the hands of a group of chaebols and keiretsus . 
  total dystopia , i imagine !, 
  confirmed ignorant . 
  the sources of the fao in the article explicitly state their independence from any national government . 
  or are your facts one of those alternative ones ? 
  http://www.fao.org/americas/noticias/ver/en/c/230150/ are you saying the fao of the un lied in favour of chavez ? 
  this is so mindblowingly stunning i ca n't even grasp your internal thinking . 
  so business owners dedicate their lives to redistribute wealth ... by accumulating it ? 
  do you realize that the 6 richest people in the world own now as much as the 3.5 poorest billion ? 
  that inequality is rising worldwide while taxes lower and fiscal fraud increases ? 
  what bizarre reality do you live in where capitalists are the ones providing for the poor and the communists steal from them ? 
   chavez did good things , which is typical for authoritarian leaders i stopped reading . 
  http://www.fao.org/americas/noticias/ver/en/c/230150/ my source , the food and agriculture organization . 
  hunger has been reduced to statistically insignificant numbers from around three million in the 1999/2001 . 
  you can deny whatever you want but chavez won the elections convincinglu during his last decades of life , people do n't do that unless their conditions improve significantly , which is what this , among other data , shows . 
  so they made up the data to help a us enemy and socialist govenment ? 
  that seems completely logical ... if you are of those schizos believing the world is secretly run by communist jews . 
  a poor capitalist country is alright but a poor socialist country , despite being more efficient at reducing poverty , needs to be a paradise for it to not be attacked by the average uninformed citizen . 
  not only that , good data can even be absolutely ignored , even if it says hunger has basically reduced to zero from around three million 15 years ago . 
  trying to use this emotional appeals to ignore positive data is either dishonest or ignorant , as i never claimed that what two decades ago was one of the most miserable countries of the world will become switzerland in 15 years of socialist governments . 
  are you suggesting that the people of venezuela would be better with a continuation of the governments before the chavez era ? 
  tl ; dr fuck statistics and experts , my anecdotal opinion must prevail . 
  venezuela was one of the poorest and more miserable countries in latin america . 
  no capitalist or socialist government will change venezuela into a paradise in 15 years . 
  however , what should be noticed is that chavez rapidly and strongly reduced the savage pillage and exploitation of its resources and people in an imprecedented way , being acclaimed by institutions such as the un and the fao . 
  the improvement of life as acknowledge by international index has been greater than in pro-american capitalism countries of the region such as colombia . 
  i really wish that people could see how latin america has been destroyed and keept down by the us responding to economic and geopolitical interests and have no interest in improving the lived of latin americans . 
  leaders such as rafael correa or hugo chavez do/did . 
  and comparing franco with chavez is either dishonest or ignorant . 
  then why was venezuela much more poor and had much more starvation before chavez came to power ? 
  please explain why the oil was not improving the lives of the masses then , mr. reasonman . 
  what is your point ? 
  their policies reduced poverty , hunger , increased literacy and quadrupled the number of university students . 
  the idea is not to apply the same policies for a rural and underdeveloped country and for a developed country ; the idea is to apply policies that are also oriented towards a better distribution of the nation 's resources and more rights for the workers that lift the country instead of for the burgeoise class that will attempt to accumulate wealth at any human cost . 
  friendly reminder that in 2013 the un awarded venezuela for reducing hunger . 
  in 1999 2.8 million starved in venezuela , 3.4 million in 2001 and none ( estatistically insignificant number ) in 2011 . 
  but keep parroting lies . 
  what ? 
  a war against what ? 
  alright , so now you are trying to establish an analogy between antifas and north korea ? 
  what ? 
  no , i do n't think north korea is a democracy . 
  nice attempt to vilify me , though , 4/10 . 
  so your point is that there is no difference between advocating genocide and advocating violent suppression of violent genocides ? 
  if you actively propose and organize collective murder it can throw you in jail . 
  poor nazis , they were only angry at their leftist oppressors !, 
  they would n't have harmed anybody if only they had not been opposed at all !, 
   most of the worst fascists come from the left * facepalm *, 
  better cut off that violence inciting before an angry mob ** literally fucking nukes ** circo balear . 
  break free from the ideological brainwashing that makes you think this is actually fair justice and not an example of systematic enforcement of the hegemonic ideology . 
  you have nothing to lose but your chains . 
  what, 
  it 's not that . 
  they were assuming knowledge in maths that i had not even covered at all . 
  i went from 6-7s in eso to 2-3s in the first months to 10s after . 
  and now i 'm studying physics , lol . 
  the classes were much smaller and the teachers were more focused on teaching . 
  while in mallorca there were about 30 kids in class and the professor barely kept control , in aragon we were about 16-17 . 
  that 's enough to explain why i had not even learned basic trigonometry while they were already solving cinematics problems with it . 
  can confirm : went from doing the eso in the balearic islands to bachillerato in northern aragon . 
  the level in maths in physics was completely superior and i had a hard time adjusting during the first months . 
  northern regions have similar scores to finland or canada while southern ones are closer to slovakia or argentina . 
  the article cites socioeconomic disparities between regions as likely causes . 
  my parents are in their early fifties and they both remember watching cartoons such as heidi and mazinger z. 
  it 's kinda cool that generations born 50 years ago already watched japanese cartoons in spain . 
  it was not only recently .
