  not when the few allies of russia are being attacked through proxy wars . 
  while russia 's actions are questionable , they are a reaction to the round-up that the country is facing , leave a rat with no escape and it will jump to your throat . 
  still , it 's not russia that has expanded in influence to the us borders . 
  the us is creating a lot of tension that will blow up eventually . 
    do not respond to their evilness  holy shit . 
  so are you one of those people that think that international politics are driven by the `` goodness '' or `` badness '' of a country ? 
  explain the present article , then . 
  if the violations of human rights were really the problem we would be at war with the us , the uk and spain right now from the crimes against humanity commited against the iraqi people instigated by what was admited to be a lie . 
   it 's an english sub on an english speaking website . 
  gain some perspective . 
  is that the reason why rt is banned here ? 
   hahahaha no yea thanks , i 'm sure ukraine would love to sit around the campfire and sing kumbaya . 
  the voice of peace thinks that sanctions over ukraine are n't about an illegal annexation and occupation . 
  fascinating . 
  the voice of peace realized that if the sanctions against russia were truly a response to international law violations , then the us , china , saudi arabia , france and the uk would also be sanctioned . 
   god i just love the fearmongering . 
  i 'm sure we 'll be revving up the tanks to go start a war in russia just as soon as the pope stops being catholic . 
  do you think that the hate that blow up during wwi between different european countries was something sudden ? 
  do you think that the support for the different wars was born overnight ? 
  as leaders of the different countries saw conflict as the inevitable resolution for their conflict of interests , propaganda was issued to ensure public support against their enemies . 
  it is undenyable that russophobia has increased vastly this last years and conflict against russia has now the support of a huge chunk of the population even though we have no particular moral reason to do so relative to other equally inmoral countries . 
  do n't try to tell them that our agressive actions against russia do not respond to their evilness but to us interests of maintaining global hegemony , you may even get banned here . 
  this sub is just an echo chamber for the propaganda on anglo-saxon news ( just look at the amount of english-speaking agencies ) but i 'll keep trying to be a voice of peace even when it feels so frustrating . 
  i really hope people could see how they are being led to a war that they never actually wanted . 
  you ca n't possibly be serious . 
  i feel like hesse , being shut down , shadowbanned and downvoted for going against the beligerant attitude the general population has . 
  it wo n't be until many years after the war that people will reflect about this . 
  putin never wanted to fight the us-europe , he knows he ca n't win that war . 
  when the nato is closing in on russia 's borders and russian allies are attempted to be destroyed through proxy wars it is naive to think that russia would submit without putting up a fight . 
  even though i do n't like trump and would have liked bernie sanders to win , i think this are great news regarding to peace in europe as long as trump really commits to making peace with russia . 
  also , reducing the dependancy of europe on the nato and creating a european army is crucial to making the eu a strong and independent geopolitical entity that acts in their own actual interests . 
  you too !, 
  that 's one amazing analysis you got right there . 
  you are right , old people know better and vote in accordance with the best possible decision for society . 
  that is of course explained by their much lower amount of higher educated people , by their senile dementia and by the outstanding level of information of the world that they have gathered from all those years watching tv 10 hours a day . 
  you mean like the sniper squads in the maidan protests ? 
  i 'm not against inmigration , i 'm against irresponsible inmigration policies that result in inmigrants not feeling part of their new country nor accepted in it . 
  in most places in big cities , inmigrants usually end up concentrated in certain areas . 
  many , due to their irregulated status , end up being exploited doing manual work for laughable income . 
  besides , you do n't know me at all . 
  i have supported the rescue of any refugees coming and i have no problem with inmigrants that seek a better life in europe . 
  i 'm just against a childish idea of inmigration being a complete non-issue that has no need for regulation at all . 
  inmigration lowers the wages for low-quality jobs and when passing a certain threshold , it starts to inspire xenophobic feelings among locals ( that is an actually studied phenomenon in sociology ) . 
  also , how is nationalizing public and financial services while putting a limit to capital accumulation something so stupid , according to you ? 
  i disagree with this policy being merely an electoral strategy given the low amount of inmigrants in most european countries . 
  i do n't understand the obsession the left has with opening the borders to all kinds of inmigration . 
  being a * nationalize all public and financial services and expropiate any +5 million euros fortune * type of leftist , i understand that inmigration should be more properly regulated either through improving assimilation mechanisms or by limiting inmigration to what is required for long-term economic sustainability . 
  many so called right wing people would be marxists were it not for there being virtually no left party in europe advocating for stricter inmigration control . 
  that excludes war refugees , of course , but whether trying to integrate them into their proctecting country is a good idea is arguable . 
  i 'll paste my comment from somewhere else : yeah , this thread is ridiculous . 
  [ 34 % of workers in spain earn less than 645 $ , ] ( http://www.elmundo.es/economia/2014/11/21/546e5c3dca4741a15b8b457d.html ) barely enough to survive if you share your flat , while [ people with more than 6 million euros have doubled since the crisis started ] ( http://www.efe.com/efe/espana/economia/la-crisis-en-espana-dobla-cifra-de-multimillonarios-y-diezma-los-menos-ricos/10003-2707743 ) . 
  the problem is not technical , it 's political . 
  people keep talking about the crisis being solved in the future almost like its a natural phenomenon , an illness that will slowly but surely be cured . 
  that is not the case : a neoliberal policy has been put into place to overcome the crisis by reducing the wealth of the working class instead of using the state to redistribute wealth among the population . 
  what the fuck could we expect when our own government is being trialed for corruption ? 
  yeah , this thread is ridiculous . 
  [ 34 % of workers in spain earn less than 645 $ , ] ( http://www.elmundo.es/economia/2014/11/21/546e5c3dca4741a15b8b457d.html ) barely enough to survive if you share your flat , while [ people with more than 6 million euros have doubled since the crisis started ] ( http://www.efe.com/efe/espana/economia/la-crisis-en-espana-dobla-cifra-de-multimillonarios-y-diezma-los-menos-ricos/10003-2707743 ) . 
  the problem is not technical , it 's political . 
  people keep talking about the crisis ' being solved in the future almost like its a natural phenomenon , an illness that will slowly but surely be cured . 
  that is not the case : a neoliberal policy has been put into place to overcome the crisis by reducing the wealth of the working class instead of using the state to redistribute wealth among the population . 
  what the fuck could we expect when our own government is being trialed for corruption ? 
   and also it 's possible that they self-destruct while trying to reach the energy of black holes . 
  and also it 's possible that they self-destruct because they use the technology of teleportation so much some unknown mysterious omnipresent race of unbelievable military power destroys them . 
  i guess you are not a scientist . 
  we make hypothesis based on the information we have . 
  otherwise , no science would have been ever made . 
   though i have seen a country where good white-teeth smiling men under ideas of `` greater good '' , `` ecology '' , `` love to nature '' , `` living in comparison with everything '' got so much popularity among people they were able to rise to power and totally ban one of the cleanest power sources we know on this stage of our science and moved the whole nation to using more unhealthier and damaging ones . 
  it 's the example of evil entering as an angel of light to me , and such kind of stupidity is what i actively try to evade . 
  even if it means going against a lot of people and harming their thoughts ( or their illusions ) . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  are you suggesting that the scientist who make predictions and warnings about the consecuences of nuclear war are `` the example of evil entering as an angel of light '' ? 
  is an * ad hominem * falacy your answer to those scientists ? 
  suggesting they are evil ? 
   maybe it means . 
  though humanity exists not 5000 years but 200 000 . 
  anyway , we still do n't know . 
  you can not say `` will '' . 
  will means something will happen . 
  there is nothing that will happen . 
  it 's always about probabilities and outcomes . 
  i can say a lot of arguments that rise the probability of the case it will happen in reality . 
  i also have some arguments that lower this probability . 
  we can make pretty good guesses based on our current understanding of the world . 
  even though you may not be able to determine the impact on the climate of a nuclear war that does not mean that the people who made them are bullshitting the way you * could * do . 
  even though you do n't understand that , given those conditions , with states being unable to sustain its population to the extreme where it ca n't even maintain its basic conditions living , the population will fragmentate in the way that it happened in the past in , for example , the systemic collapse of the xith century bc due to drought , that does not mean that historians and sociologists do n't know what they talk about . 
  in any case , i 'm eager to hear your arguments against that , i 'm eager to hear your reasons to believe that population will remain civil when their families and their children are dying of hunger . 
   and my heart is broken by how people fear to think properly , even if it means they will live in the world where all their thoughts are not related to something that actually happens . 
  somewhat like if they have never been thinking at all . 
  so the ones who do n't think like you are simply `` not thinking '' ? 
  are you actually saying it is irrational to fear nuclear war ? 
  i 'd like to know your thoughts on other complex topics i 'm sure you have perfectly thought above everyone else like the role of ideologic hegemony and its role in driving the public opinion towards a will that is actually opposite to its interests , like the embracing of capitalism by the working class or the favourability of nuclear conflict as a possible outcome of international conflict . 
  i honestly ca n't believe how lightly you talk about nuclear war , as if was something of minor importane or , even worse , unavoidable . 
  i 'm a physics student and about a year ago a brilliant scientist who researches exoplanets gave us a conference . 
  at one point he was talking about how the consensus about the possible reason why we have n't found a galaxy flourishing with life and civilizations is a strong one is that any civilization that reaches the point of harnessing nuclear power will eventually self-destruct . 
  it is not a natural phenomenon , though , nothing predetermined . 
  its attitudes like yours that increase the chance of such thing happening . 
  i also think that you are completely understating the effects of nuclear war . 
  nuclear war wo n't mean simply `` returning to xixth century harder life '' , it will mean systemic collapse of all modern states of earth and an overrun by neofeudal militias , the collapse of modern medicine and science , plagues and pests and a general erasing of all of 5000 years of history . 
  i honestly ca n't believe how people in this sub can be so beligerant and unaware of the consecuences of real conflict . 
  it breaks my heart .
