central europe and certain eastern countries are much more equal than spain , which iirc is the third most unequal country in the eu . 
  that 's not true . 
  my family has experience a barbaric antispanish xenophobia while living in catalonia but i do n't get why the portuguese saying is alright and this one is downvoted . 
  dude, 
  is n't forocoches just pure shit ? 
  everytime i 've stumbled on a forocoches thread when searching for something i 've gotten the impression that everyone there is an absolute retard . 
  the licence is probably just a way to make it easier for the police to charge you if you film something that you should n't . 
  * stares *, 
  too bad , seems like i wo n't have access to your superior knowledge . 
  i 'll keep saying that the us and sa armed isis tho . 
  try it , i 'm open to being wrong if you actually provide any source instead of acting as if you know some kind of deeper truth . 
  you did n't even explain anything , you simply said that the us and sa have not armed isis because there are other rebel groups out there . 
  whatever . 
  * us and sa wanting to destroy assad not real * us and sa arming isis not real * us armed and supported religious fundamentalists , military coups and other proxy wars all over the world for more than a century not real do you get your shit from fox news or something ? 
   this question was answered years ago but it does n't surprise me that you do n't know . 
  quite typical that you bring it up even . 
  let me guess , the good guys wanted to arm the good rebels but then the bad rebels stole them , right ? 
  was that more or less what was sold by some of the media ? 
  do you realize that you are not arguing in favour of saudi arabia not arming isis ? 
  your argument is simply that the saudis are arming `` the good rebels '' and not `` the bad ones '' , which ultimately leaves open the question of `` how did isis get a steady and plentyful supply of modern weaponry that has allowed what were mostly farmers to fight against modern armies backed by russia ? '' . 
  but i know what you will answer : it is not so simple , right ? 
    since the summer of 2013 , saudi arabia has emerged as the main group to finance and arm the rebels . 
   in october 2015 , saudi arabia delivered 500 u.s.-made tow anti-tank missiles to anti-assad rebels . 
  [ 195 ] according to russian president vladimir putin , the weapons would `` certainly fall into the hands of terrorist organizations '' it is not that simple ... ok, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_involvement_in_the_syrian_civil_war#saudi_arabia  since the summer of 2013 , saudi arabia has emerged as the main group to finance and arm the rebels . 
   in october 2015 , saudi arabia delivered 500 u.s.-made tow anti-tank missiles to anti-assad rebels . 
  [ 195 ] according to russian president vladimir putin , the weapons would `` certainly fall into the hands of terrorist organizations '' depends on whether you view the rebels as `` freedom fighters '' or as `` isis '' . 
  that 's literally exactly what i said and yes , it is hypocritcal . 
  your argument is analogous to `` we should only apply civil law to people who are not rich and corruptly complice of the government '' . 
  you are literally saying that it is ok to respect human rights and international law only when we want to use them against geopolitical enemies and we can let our friends carry out any atrocity they want . 
  i encourage you reflect a bit about your stance because what you said does not give the impression that you are a good person . 
  if you think that in the last 20 years the main imperialist force has been russia with the ukraine crisis i have nothing else to talk about with you . 
  i would recommend you check out some history of the conlfict including the russophobic remarks and actions of the ukranian government , the odessa massacre , the violence by politicians themselves against opponents and the escalation of the conflict by the us in hopes of installing military bases in the russian border but i do n't have much hope that any of that will change your view of the situation . 
  so your point is that the russians actively and solely started the ukraine conflict ? 
  that 's because your argument can be reduced to : we should only apply international law and human rights towards our geopolitical enemies since being fair would be such a pain in the ass . 
  which is , in my opinion , despicable . 
  not really . 
  neverming that they are actively arming and funding isis . 
  or the genocide in yemen . 
  it is totally fine to sell them weapons and act all friendly . 
   to pretend we can sanction the entire world is nonsense . 
  not really , the us and europe together can sanction the living shit of every country on earth if they wanted to . 
  how can you not see that the system is completely corrupt and still defend this actions is beyond me . 
  yet apparently it 's no big deal since the media does n't give a shit about it . 
  this sub is so pathetic . 
  oh , that makes it totally fine , then !, 
  not like those russian bastards arming russophiles in ukraine , lol . 
  that 's a wonderful argument you got there , let me respond appropiately : are you a cia internet propaganda agent ? 
  that `` if others are assholes i can be an asshole too '' would not work very well if everyone used it . 
  hegemony means that has unquestioned or unchallanged dominance . 
  your anecdotal opinion about the use of the word is only the result of your own ignorance and simply not true . 
  i think you do n't know what hegemony is . 
  what is your point ? 
  in my native language anglo-saxon is the common term used to refer to `` english-speaking '' . 
  i had no idea it had such connotation , in case you are right . 
  still , your argument is a vulgar ad hominem fallacy . 
  as vulgar as the word `` cospitard '' , i 'd say . 
  to nuclear war it is , then !, 
  you are completely missing it ... 
   there is a huge difference between being wrong and making up thinks to manipulate the opinion of your viewers . 
  according to you . 
   you just made an example how it would be if the western media would behave like rt , sputnik and so on ... 
  according to you . 
   it is not an opinion if it is a lie . 
  media should report the truth and not what you like to hear . 
  according to you . 
  do you see my point ? 
  so nothing happened leading to the referendum in crimea ? 
  literally just russia woke up one day and said : `` lets annexe crimea ! '' . 
  such reductionist ways to view the complex conflicts of today are of no use at all . 
  oh yeah i agree that it is a bit odd and the current one looks better . 
  however , the significance of it is what attaches me , as well as other spaniards , to it . 
   the first time i saw rt linked i thought it was like the onion . 
  fine , you have the right to think that they are completely wrong . 
  however , that is no basis to ban them as such thing would be fundamentally dogmatic and against european values . 
  imagine that we reached a point where , to put a spanish example , the catalans were treated like the kurds in turkey . 
  imagine that any media that defended the catalans from attacks on civilians by the spanish army were banned based on the perception that they are completely false and that the majority in spain agreed with the ban because it fit their views . 
  how fucked up would that be ? 
  the whole reason for free speech to exist is because you should be able to express any opinion regardless of how much it clashes with the hegemonic ideology . 
  if freedom of speech means freedom to say anything that the government or the majority thinks is right we would still be in the middle ages . 
   it 's making up facts and passing them as truth . 
  you are talking as if there were some sort of platonically known facts that you get to know with no bias through western media ( cnn ? 
  the guardian ? 
  the telegraph ? 
  are those the holders of truth and factuality for you ? ) . 
  it is naive to think that your own media is not presenting reality in a way fitting for a determined message they want to push . 
  the only qualitative difference between rt and other western media is that have opposing messages , you just pick your own as the one who tells the truth . 
   hideous educate me , please . 
  honestly , i think that this comment is answered in my previous one . 
  still , i believe you are simplifying what is a very complex conflict and you are ignoring the fact that while russia is arming its borders , the us is arming countries thousands of miles away from it in the russian border . 
  i 'm not victimizing russia , i 'm only saying that the us ' policy regarding russia ( and the eu following like a god dog ) is threatening world peace . 
   rt is banned here cause probably 80 % of it is bat shit propaganda . 
  that 's not quite the european style , is it ? 
  voltaire said that even if you disagreed with his beliefs , he would fight 'til death for your right to express yourself . 
  banning an opinion because the majority thinks that it is wrong is a backwards way to act . 
   yea , let me stop you right there before you keep licking boots . 
  are you just trolling or do you really have the audacity to call western actions towards russia aggressive when they literally invaded and annexed part of another country ? 
  gain some fucking perspective . 
  not before the us escalated the maidan protests and turned them into an international conflict . 
  not before the nato was being expanded to the borders of russia and american military bases are being installed a few hundred miles from moscow .
