  we do n't deny the holodomir , only the [ dagor dagorath ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dagor_dagorath ), 
  have you actually read what you linked ? 
  a civilian body count found 174.000 civilians died . 
  a body count . 
  the actual amount provided by the lancet study in 2006 estimated 601.027 civilians died a violent death in irak while estimates of indirect death are among million . 
  history does have sides and you are defending genocidal and imperialist powers just because you feel like you belong to them . 
  [ source ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/p%c3%a9rdidas_humanas_de_la_guerra_de_irak ), 
  aka why you should hate russians . 
  edit : holy shit , this is almost hilarious :  with this move , the kremlin has established control over the baltic sea , most of poland and the baltic republics -- nato members all . 
  russia now can exert anti-access and area denial -- what the pentagon calls a2ad for short -- at will , meaning that any nato aircraft or ships entering the region can be hit long before they get close to kaliningrad . 
  for western military planners , this is nothing short of a nightmare , since moscow can now block nato reinforcements headed east to counter , say , russian military moves on the vulnerable baltic republics . 
  saying that the reason for the distrust of western populations towards the `` establishment '' is inmigration is akin to saying that what pushed the nazis to power was the existance of the jews . 
  this is not an isolated incident of mass inmigration creating distrust ; this is a systemic problem of degradation instead of improvenent of the economic situation of the middle and low working classes . 
  most people who voted for trump or for brexit have no superior education and have suffered the decline in job opportunity and quality . 
  however , instead of wanting a reform of the economic system , their disgust has been channeled towards inmigrants through the media and parties and persons like trump , le pen , ukip , afd and so on . 
  kicking out the inmigrants wo n't solve the increasing inequality and empoverishment of the lower classes , which is the root of our problems . 
  kick the inmigrants out and nothing will be solved , the collapse of western civilization will be inevitable . 
  pd : quote me on this in 4 years , the eu will likely not exist anymore . 
  the problem with the eu is inequality increasing , steady salaries with ever increasing corporate growth . 
  decreased job quality and low prospects of future . 
  capitalism needs accelerated growth to work and it does n't care if it has to destroy the environment or devour its own society to go on a bit longer . 
  nationalist and xenophobic movements grow when the life of the masses get worse . 
  the eu needs deep socialist reforms if it wants to survive . 
  else it will eventually collapse and china will laugh as they become the next world hegemonic power . 
  do you realize that things like iq are very strongly correlated with the level of education you will recieve later in life , do you ? 
  or do you actually believe that people with phds and highschool dropouts have the same intelligence on average ? 
   good last ditch attempt though . 
  i mean , you 're the one trying to argue that more education does n't mean more intelligence . 
  the fact that you 're ignoring is that the trend towards progressiveness is also happening in stem fields . 
  also , you say that social science , philosophy , history or economy are the `` least intelligent '' but , in fact , they are the ones with a better grasp on the functioning of society . 
  you do n't just reject the claims of chemists on chemistry because a mathematician smaller subset of mathematicians claim it too , yet you 're saying that the political views of someone dedicated to maths and physics are more accurate than of those dedicated to politics . 
  and it 's not even like the trend reverses , and stem professors tend to be more republican , the main phenomenon is that stem academics have less liberals in favour of independents/centrists , probably because they have less interest in politics . 
  and still , the `` intelligence hypothesis '' or however you want to call it is not a hypothesis , which you 'd know if you actually understood science and what a hypothesis is . 
  the fact is that the more educated people are , the more they tend to lean left , and that the less education a person has , the more they tend right . 
  that is true from highschool dropouts to phds , that is an empirical fact . 
  a hypothesis would be that people who have a lesser undestanding of the world or less intelligence tend to lean more to the right , which the previous observational fact supports . 
  spain produces a lot of agricultural goods nowadays . 
  i assume that , since the climate was colder back then , less land was desertified too . 
  so you 're saying that academics closer to politucs in their fields have a very strong tendency towards the left while more technical fields have a strong but not as much tendency towards the left . 
  do you realize how your data suggests precisely what i said initially ? 
  how does there being more leftists in university go against my statement of people voting more left the higher their education is ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  how 's that ? 
  source ? 
  that 's the stereotype , at least . 
  a commie friend studies a law and political science double degree and she frequently complains about law classmates being pretentious and uptight douches . 
  she changed her degree from international relations after the first year and one reason was the students there were even worse . 
  or good if you are a conservative snob whose major goal is to be a rich lawyer/businessman . 
  cute . 
  true , i study physics in university , 
  i did n't expect a catholic fanatic to perform rocket science , do n't worry . 
  check my other comment . 
  although that is concretely about the last us elections , the trend can be seen at any statistics you 'll get your hands on . 
  that 's one fucking good argument , friend . 
  according to you ? 
  because people who vote left have a higher education in all western countries . 
  unless you 're one of those who think universities brainwash students . 
  i think that your understanding of `` the left '' should n't be based on r/tumblrinaction . 
   world police lol, 
  if trump pulls of out nato that will be the final turning point for the american empire . 
  i 'd be surprised if us ' generals do n't fully rebel against the order to dissolve nato , if it ever came . 
  pulling out of nato is really the last thing the us wants and it is the us that would lose the most . 
  nato is crucial for the us to maintain its global hegemony and leaving it would only encourage the eu to be further independent from the us in military terms . 
  i 'm pretty sure that , in the long term , the eu would become stronger as it would be better able to pursue their own geopolitical interests and the us would lose a good portion of its gigantic global military threat . 
   and they never talked again, 
  i mean , rocks are pretty tough . 
  centuries ? 
  millenia !, 
  so cool . 
  what ? 
  i pay twice as much for that in spain : /, 
  the main problem with tourism in spain and the main cause for people rejecting it is not tourism as a general thing but our concrete model , which is based on progressively increasing the volume of tourists and decreasing its quality , thus lowering the money spent by each tourist while stressing the environment and the local population further . 
  this is the result of a priority for short-term profits by the owners of tourist facilities and the government alike and people are not really benefiting in any way from continuing to push for that model over other more sustainable ones . 
   the top 4 spanish regions in grp ( gross regional product ) are catalonia , madrid , andalusia , and valencia with the basque region coming in after them . 
  andalusia , the 3rd richest region has more than double the grp that the basque region has . 
  that 's representative of the population size but not so much of actual wealth . 
  regions like northern aragon , navarre or the basque country are way more wealthy in gdp/capita that a place like andalusia . 
  they also rely more on industry and on high-quality low-quantity cultural , skiing , adventure and rural tourism . 
  investments in r&d have also served to create several technological parks for start-ups as a way to develop competitive high-tech industry . 
  as far as i know , those investments have mainly taken place in those northern regions . 
   the minimum wage in spain is a bit above 1000 $ / month . 
  i wish . 
  it 's 707,60 $ a month . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.salariominimo.es/ ) i do n't know where did you find these flats but i 'm paying 800 $ a months for a 4 room flat in the periphery of barcelona ( shared by 4 people ) . 
  and some friends in a nice area of the city are paying 1000 $ a month . 
  the lowest price i know of is of some other friends living in l'hospitalet , which is a shitty part of the city , and they 're paying 600 $ a month . 
  thank you . 
  / u/sultry _ somnambulist and , apparently , most people in this thread have no idea what this topic is all about . 
  oh , for sure . 
  i 'm sure there are more reasons but i 'm talking about the reason why spain would be picked over other european countries that could just as well recieve those congresses . 
  i think they mostly hold the meetings there because it 's sunny and cheap , lol . 
  not that it is n't cool to be able to go to some of these events . 
   some regulations seem nonsensical though what if you just did n't understand their purpose ? 
  of course it was going to be youtube video lol . 
  why use a government when i can be my own police , firefighter , lawyer and judge , build my own roads and homeschool the kids ? 
  that 's what a * real man * would do !, 
  or i could hire my own , unregulated private security force aka my mercenaries , with which sooner or later i would end up creating a warlordist proto-government over the people who ca n't afford their own mercenaries . 
  like a * real man * !, 
  and is n't it a waste ? 
  everyone raves all the time about the same sets of ideas : stoicism or eastern philosophy and all other sorts of philosophies of detatchment to face the hardships in life as if there were no other approaches to it .
