  under capitalism , any disagreement between workers and capitalists anywhere in the world is resolved peacefully through dialoge . 
  those are the reasons why capitalism has never killed anyone . 
  those are the reasons why capitalism is ** awesome ** and communism is literally 100 million civilians executed because communists are pure satan essence without any other goal that to burn the world down . 
  i 'm so glad i 'm not brainwashed like those commie bastards . 
   living standards in india have risen as well enormously . 
  i understand why you think like you do . 
  you can literally ignore evidence when presented in your face . 
   and nice dodging the issue of the american underclass having more products available than the soviet elite or west germany doing much better than the east . 
  i already explained but you seem a bit dense . 
  you are partially profiting from the capitalism system of exploitation because you buy cheap products produced in countries where your capitalist overlords can exploit poor people that need to eat without investing in any kind of security or reasonable wages . 
   the capitalist hegemony has brought the world unbelievable prosperity . 
  what ? 
  so you literally ignored the article i posted . 
  if capitalism is so incredibly nice why is neoliberalism ( aka more capitalism ) worsening the situation of most indian workers while making the rich richer ? 
  it is almost as if capitalism is a system designed to steal the labour value of the poor and accumulate wealth in the hands of capitalists !, 
   defending [ capitalism ] , means defending the interest of the poor and oppressed , much more than defending communism does . 
  holy motherfucking shit , did you just say that ? 
  not even the brightest commie memers could think of such hilarious crap . 
  you have such a mess in your head that it 's completely stunning . 
  i you should go and work a miserable wage for a billionaire overlord in india and see how that works out for you . 
  you think capitalism is your nice town in europe and that poor countries are `` bad capitalism '' or `` corrupts '' or even `` racially inferior '' , maybe , because you fail to see that your relative luxury over them is due to the exploitation in which you participate . 
  this is just an example of capitalism fucking people over . 
   when india ushered in neoliberal economic reforms during the early 1990s , the promise was job creation , inclusive growth and prosperity for all . 
  but , some 25 years later , what we have seen is almost 400,000 farmers committing suicide , one of the greatest levels of inequality out of all ` emerging ' economies , a trend towards jobless ` growth ' , an accelerating and massive illegal outflow of wealth by the rich , and , as if that were not enough , now we have the sequestration of ordinary people 's money under the euphemism ` demonetization ' . 
  http://www.globalresearch.ca/what-has-neoliberal-capitalism-ever-done-for-india-the-demonetization-heist/5559481  data from the multi-dimensional poverty indexindicates that 20 years ago , india had the second-best social indicators among the six south asian countries ( india , pakistan , bangladesh , sri lanka , nepal and bhutan ) , but now it has the second worst position , ahead only of pakistan . 
  bangladesh has less than half of india 's per-capita gdp but has infant and child mortality rates lower than that of india . 
   the neoliberal model of development has moreover arguably seen the poverty alleviation rate in india remain around the same as it was back pre-independent india , while the ratio between the top and bottom ten percent of the population has doubled since 1991 . 
  according to the organisation for co-operation and economic development , this doubling of income inequality has made india one of the worst performers in the category of emerging economies . 
  please defend capitalism here . 
  or maybe the ultrarich neoliberars are still too socialist ? 
  `` when its ok to kill billions as long as it is only a result of explotation and imperialism  '' go back to / r/altright, 
   `` i think i know more than you about those things '' in fact , * i * think i do know more about this things than you . 
  what kind of bullshit pseudoargument is that ? 
  you say i should learn to read but you confuse the development due to technological improvements with something intrinsic about capitalism while saying some historical inaccuracy when stating that communism makes the countries worse . 
  defending capitalism is defending your rich masters because they throw you a bone now and then in the form of cheap products produced in poor nations . 
  how old are you ? 
  so you think that the communists literally just executed 100 million civilians ? 
  lol . 
  those deaths account for all sorts of deaths like famines but how would you even know that ? 
  and you are wrong if you think that government of capitalist nations do n't actually work to exploit poorer nations through imperialist and neocolonialist actions . 
  it 's not like the cia only has a history of imposing military dictatorships or that western powers have invaded countries all over the world to exploit natural resources , slaves and poor workers . 
  yeah , fuck people working in barely slavery in cloth factories in bangladesh or lithium mines in africa . 
  i demand cheap consumer products and no commie will stop me !! 1 !, 
  that figure is utter bullshit . 
  if we applied the same standards capitalism has killed hundreds of millions people . 
  maybe more . 
  true , it most likely is around a billion . 
  counting all the people in capitalist countries that die of starvation , no access to clean water or basic healthcare , imperialist genocides , repression of various sorts , etc. 
  `` all this brainwashed retards think that the enemy ^ ^ tm is not pure evil in every possible way '' . 
  why ? 
  he literally just said that soviets were not murderers and rapists . 
  ffs communists are not baby eating monsters , we only want to change an old system that exploits the weakest ones the most . 
  capitalism kills 0 peopld doe . 
  communism is some ethereal evil force but `` capitalism does n't kill people , people kill people '' . 
  but capitalism has killed 500.000.000 people . 
  that means communism  capitalism , right ? 
  do n't mind the downvotes , you have comrades here , too . 
  i was expecting the `` communism has killed a billion trillion people '' meme . 
  was gladly surprised ( which does not mean that i condone the actual genocides commited against , for example , tartars within the soviet union ) . 
  there is literally 100 % evidence that china has any goals beyond central , east and southeast asia ( ie its sphere ) . 
  i get your point , then . 
  i 'm just judging it this way because i feel many people use its relative mildness as an actual justification that expiates any blame . 
  i guess that makes it totally fine , then !, 
  why not commit mass murder if other have done that in the past ? 
  we must not judge any present empire for that reason !, 
  i read the books on asian geopolitics from my gf and it is explicitly clear that china has shifted its interests towards a goal of global hegemony and , for that reason , is building a navy that can challange the us ' one . 
  china has global aspirations . 
  the us has commited crimes against humanity , interfered all over the world setting up military dictatorships and enforcing a neocolonialist exploit by american companies . 
  the us is a genocidal empire . 
  i understand where you come from and i used think like you . 
  you have a compassionate and understanding view of people but you have to understand that giving in to hatred and resolving to violence and ethnic genocide implies a very clear will to dominate others for egoistic purposes . 
  the distinction between an uneducated conservative with excessive ethnocentrism and a fascist , the open call for violence against other ethnic groups and women , warrants the violent opposition that leftists present just as attacking someone warrants that someone 's right to self-defense . 
  except leftist do n't advocate for genocide and ethnic cleansing , they advocate for violence against the people who do . 
  you point is that we should be tolerant of the intolerant , that soehow fighting the fascist makes us as bad as them . 
  as long as you do n't call for genocidal or imperialist action you have nothing to be scared of . 
  who 's that `` man '' i 've been fighting my whole life ? 
  how is that true ? 
  romania did n't have the conditions that allowed rich countries to develop ( japan , western europe , the us ... ) so it would most likely have stayed poor like many of those other poor capitalist countries . 
  mainly due to the fact that romania had no ability whatsoever to generate a trade surplus given their industrial underdevelopment . 
  macroeconomics 101 . 
  the gdp/capita in the 1910s was three times higher in spain than in romania . 
  spain went through a civil war before ww2 . 
  romania was already very poor before socialism . 
   let the capitalist get a higher amount of unredistributed surplus value ftfy, 
  unlike the neoliberals that will actually magically fix everything through austerity ^ ^ tm , responsability ^ ^ tm and growing inequality ^ ^ tm . 
  nothing is more free than raw chaos , right ? 
  as i said earlier , i could explain why i firmly believe that any reform of capitalism that preserves its dynamics of accumulation will have the same end result , but i have exams to study soon and my gf literally kicking me for wasting my time on reddit . 
  very briefly i 'll say that it has to do with the fact that wealth redistribution does not resolve the problems brought by the dynamics of accumulation ( the reason why capitalism has a tendency to increase inequality ) and the consecuent differences in negotiating power [ wealthier people/countries have more leverage than poorer ones when establishing social contracts/trade relations ( when you need your job to eat but your boss can employ other people if you demand higher job security or quality , he has the ability to exploit you more ) ] . 
  and another point of mine that i would like to explain is how corruption of this system is , due to its burgeoise nature and design , inevitable ( although that is more of an anarchist discourse than a communist one ) . 
   the more free the economy is on a country the better of course , poorer countries have a higher chance of adopting marxist reforms but even with that in mind , how do you explain the conditions in colombia and venezuela or mexico when those countries have significant differences in their economic policies ? 
  why is cuba doing much better than any of those in terms of human development even given the embargo by the us ? 
  what you have experienced is the `` good side '' of capitalism , the exploitative side . 
  how have you participated in it ? 
  there is one representative example that i always use when explaining this ( as it appeared in my favourite book : one hundred years of solitude ) , the [ * masacre de las bananeras * ( article in spanish because the english one is very incomplete ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/masacre_de_las_bananeras ) . 
  the united fruit company used to exploit colombian workers in colombia by , besides giving them harsh working conditions , paying them in food stamps for their own company . 
  when workers organized strikes , the united fruit company asked the us government to intervene instead of negotiating . 
  the us then threatened the colombian government with invasion if revolts were not suffocated . 
  thus , the colombian government and united fruit company surrounded strikers in a square , blocked the exits and started firing at protesters with machine guns from the building 's roofs . 
  ** more that 2000 people died that day and the strikes ... 
  stopped .
