  are you seriously that dumb ? 
  3,5 billion is the estimate with 100 bombs detonated . 
  in a total war scenario with tens of thousands of bombs we will all die , you and me . 
  the only ones with any possibility to survive are the megarich who can afford to build nuclear winter resisting environments . 
  how can you even possibly say that the next ice age is a matter that warrants more concern ? 
  modern estimates put the death toll due to starvation of a nuclear war between india and pakistan in 3500 million people . 
  you saying that * hey its not that bad * does n't mean shit . 
  and the `` just a theory '' thing is so dumb that i ca n't bother explaining it properly . 
  this is absolutely wrong although i 'm not suprised that many people believe it . 
  the problems that will arise with nuclear war are not the explosions themselves but the nuclear winter afterwards . 
  the nuclear winter , despite common belief , is not simply clouds of radiation being moved around by the wind . 
  what would be truly disastrous is the amount of particles that would be suspended in the atmosphere , the particles or whole cities burned . 
  it is estimated that with simply a minor nuclear conflict between india and pakistan , the reduction in crop production due to the nuclear winter would be high enough to put 3.5 billion people in starvation . 
  whether that result is accurate or not , we ca n't yet know . 
  still , a conflict of the magnitude suggested here would mean that only some millions of people would survive the 1-2 years long nuclear winter and would do so in conditions of extreme poverty . 
   their anti-establishment bias is just so strong that they ca n't see that russia , unlike the ussr , can not be an alternative to the west . 
  i do n't fully agree . 
  while anti-usa feelings are common among the left given the atrocious , imperialists acts of the us in latin america , asia or the middle east , that does not necessarily translate into a forgiveness of the soviet imperial ( although that is not the precise term ) aspirations . 
  what happens , in my opinion , is that the left recognizes the us as the force that escalates foreign national conflicts into full on proxy wars . 
  it would be asburd to think that russia has any interest in unrest in places like syria or ukraine , where it already had good relations , and we must not forget that it was the us that started arming `` syrian rebels '' or that helped the maidan protests gain international traction and escalate further . 
  the us is , then , refusing a peaceful relation with russia by trying to achieve their goal , the new american century project , and creating unstability that threatens the peace in europe , mainly . 
  that is the reason for the stats of this post : the left is against the conflicts that the us is initiating and/or escalating in order to fulfil imperialistic goals because it both threatens the peace in europe and because people are dying because of that . 
  as for the support that putin has among the right-wing , i do n't think it has anything to do with restrictive social policies as those are common with many other leaders around the world ; the reason why putin is so revered is probably that he is an exceptional strategist that is refusing to be dominated by the us and that strongly and intelligently defends the interests of russia . 
  in all honesty , i dream of having an eu leader with the audacity and strong will of vladimir putin , even if i would be heavily against most of his actions regarding internal affairs . 
  they are all simply stupid and they do n't even know that amirite ? 
  it is pointless to explain to most people here why does the far left have an affinity for putin as defending russia 's geopolitic actions while strongly criticizing us ' actions . 
  such thing does not imply some sort of full endorsement of russia or idealization of russia in any way . 
  my experience here tells me , however , that explaining complex events such as the increased threat of conflict due to the nato expansion to the borders of russia or the instigation of proxy wars against the few last allies of russia instead of accepting the cooperation offer that putin issued to the bush administration is useless in a sub like this where everything is black or white . 
  that is especially alarming in a sub of europe given that even european leaders are starting the challange the orders of our greatest `` ally '' , the usa , of increasing hostility with russia when it is much more convinient not only in economic but also in safety terms to improve relationships with russia - relations that have only deteriorated since the us advanced in its project of round-up of russia , which we must not forget is still a nuclear superpower . 
  i 'm going to be downvoted for this comment and people will respond insulting me for being `` brainwashed '' by the russians . 
  it is pointless to explain it in this sub . 
  people in this sub do n't understand and do n't want to understand anything other than that russia is basically mordor trying by all means to corrupt and enslave the good free peoples of the west . 
  i do n't think racist low-lives get to decide who is or is n't let into the uk . 
  wtf, 
  i could barely read that response . 
  are you even aware of socialism being the end goal of communism ? 
  your simplistic view of the world is not even worth my time . 
   yeah sure they have free health care and no starvation , but the whole country is so damn poor that they all want to flee the usa , their `` destructor '' . 
  how worse would you say any other latin american country would be if they suffered political and economic blockade by the strongest nation in the world ? 
   conspiracy theory with no basis whatsoever . 
  so are not even familiar with the concept of hegemonic ideology or with the work of foucault , derrida or gramsci ? 
  as i said , not worth my time . 
   you probably never saw how the farc bombed civilians in bogota . 
  are you aware that more than 80 % of the civilians that have died in the conflict have done so at the hands of government-sponsored groups ? 
  are you aware of the reason for farc 's existance ? 
  they were created when the corrupt government wanted to expropiate most farmers ' land and give it to corporations complice of the corruption . 
  yes , the kind of corporations that [ massacred 1800 workers for refusing to be payed in food stamps and even threatened with invasion otherwise ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/masacre_de_las_bananeras ) . 
  you being latin american gives you the same authority than an american talking about american politics or a spanish person and spanish 's . 
  it does n't mean shit . 
   yes we live in it because right now there is n't a better system since communism does n't work in practice and dictatorships suck . 
  that 's what the hegemonic ideology wants you to believe at any point in history : that the existing social order is somehow `` natural '' or even , in the past , `` divinely determined '' . 
  that argument is basically a `` its the best because its what is in place right now '' , it is bullshit . 
   dictatorships suck . 
  i agree !, 
  dictatorships like the dozens that have been instigated by imperialist forces in latin america ( aka the united fucking states ) are indeed horrible !, 
  i just hate so vehemently that the us imposes their will to dominate and exploit latin america by imposing dictatorships when the governments are not helpful ( aka corrupt pigs who sell their country and their people ) . 
  i 'm glad we can agree on this !, 
   che was no hero , just a violent man who wanted to force people to adapt to his ideology that evil bastard wanted to take those glorious angels that were the american colonialists out of cuba and give their population ** access to healthcare and proper education , reducing extreme poverty and starvation and reducing crime by assesing the basic needs of its citizens ** . 
  what a fucking violent monster , cuba was way better with the american rule !, 
  just look at traditionally us-complice countries like mexico , or colombia !, 
  they are so much better !, 
  it is not your fault that you ca n't break through the reality that has been presented to you through the means of mass control . 
  you would be happy with the us destruction of latin america as long as they told you the insurgents were deserving it on tv . 
  so damn sad . 
  degenerate , i dare say . 
   because at least rivera seems competent what factual reasons do you have to believe so ? 
   because c 's is at least slightly to the left of the pp in terms of social policy , maybe . 
  in terms of economic policy they are equal or worse , from a leftist perspective . 
   i thought a c 's + psoe+p odemos government was definitely the best option for spain c 's is anti-podemos and right wing , having supported the pp in various regions . 
  the dissonance between them and podemos is absolutely incompatible with a merged government . 
  why ? 
  yes , i was not arguing against you , i was agreeing . 
  more like their ibex-35-label , lol . 
  i disagree hugh mungus-ly . 
  that 's the problem , if they ca n't accept a referendum in catalunya they ca n't go anywhere . 
  however , even when ignoring that a referendum in catalunya is a democratic necessity given the situation , it would probably be much better taken in terms of damage for the psoe to accept that referendum instead of investing rajoy . 
  if there were more votes against the pp and rajoy than there were in favour , even if divided between different parties , democracy is not that the pp governs . 
  the argument that this is the most democratic action is absurd . 
   you know nothing are you aware of your own condition as a furious anti-leftist ( whether reactionary or simply * un pobre de derechas * , i ca n't know ) commenting in a forum full of barely informed people ? 
  at least try to argue with some humility , you are probably not above the rest here in tems of knowledge and intelligence . 
  it would have been so much better for them to not be more anti-podemos than anti-rajoy . 
  the agreement with ciudadanos on the first round and the refusal to create a podemos-psoe coalition backed by catalan and basque nationalists in favour of investing rajoy ** is ** a sign of their shift to the right and to the preservation of the status quo . 
   that 's because it was the franco regime itself who created the democracy , not a revolution . 
  by that logic we could also say that the nazis were the ones who stopped the holocaust . 
  ignoring all the forces that opposed the dictatorship and that fought and pushed in various ways is simply absurd . 
  the dictatorship would have probably continued if carrero blanco was not assasinated , the regime had a route to preservation otherwise . 
  i do n't want to argue but are you not aware of the magnitude of the uk being better off outside the eu as a precedent for future movements in favour of its desintegration ? 
  a punishment is not something meant to serve as merely a bitter revenge , it is meant to dissuade any future exit of the eu . 
  why are you even surprised ? 
   that 's not constructive . 
  politics do n't work like this . 
  it is very naive to think that the world works like some sort of office where you are trying to have a cheerful environment . 
  in geopolitics , the role of each leader is to defend its country 's own interests , period . 
  most of the people believe that the actions of our governments in foreign policy are guided by ethics and justice when such acts are extremely rare . 
  it 's not like he is talking out of his ass either . 
  each of those words has been carefully chosen to convey the exact message he is expressing . 
  and i doubt you understand the interests of the state of france better than its government . 
  what, 
  because it is based in the systematic abuse of children , generally of poor countries ? 
  same , and thank god for that , lol .
