  to some extend it is . 
  just about every european nation has public media . 
  ( radio/tv , typically with websites . ), 
  the eu as a would-be government has very little right to complain about lack of support , unity , or voter turnout if they do n't bother to take those same or similar steps , which they never did . 
  do n't misunderstand . 
  i 'm just anti-stupid . 
  why do you ask ? 
  it 's a fine font to impart the appropriate level of gravitas to today 's presidential orders . 
  which is kind of ridiculous , cause the french are not bad at war at all . 
  quite the opposite . 
  if there were an eu army , and you 'd make me pick a general on nationality alone , i 'd pick a french one . 
  that 's cause he thinks its a ranking , and he came out in the top ten !, 
  we carry our flag with us , in our hearts . 
  or * most of us * anyway do n't need to be reminded what it looks like . 
  and if you love a flag , you do n't lock it in some musty office . 
  a flag belongs outside , frolicking playfully in the wind , behind a frigate chasing down some pirates . 
  why do n't we have a double flag stand thing ... * < grumble  * belg !, 
  rest of the time it 's senility kicking in ? 
   ... `` economic prosperity will suffer , jobs and livelihoods will be put at risk , and with them the security and peace of mind of working families '' if the government fails to secure a successful brexit deal with the eu . 
  and even if they do n't . 
  that kind of thing just comes with major upheavals , and abandoning a massive market like the eu , in terms of upheavals , where matters of economy are concerned , probably ranks not that far below being invaded by martians . 
   `` we want a free trade deal with free and friction-less trade , '' he [ davis ] said . 
  `` we are after a tariff-free arrangement but if we ca n't have one then we 'll have to design our strategy accordingly . '' good , cause you ca n't have one . 
  if you 're not going to be a part of the common market , then we 're going to have to check the stuff you try to sell us for compliance with eu regulations ourselves . 
  that takes time to do , so there 's your friction for you , and that costs money to do , and no way in hell are we going to pay for the privilege of trading with britain . 
  we 'll just cut out the middleman and get our tea from your former colonies directly . 
   in a speech in the west midlands designed to relaunch her election campaign , may will say : `` * if we do n't make a success of brexit , we wo n't have the financial means to fund the public services upon which we all rely * . '', 
  oh , there it is . 
  now it makes sense . 
  say goodbye to your nhs , people . 
  this is just the tories planning ahead a way to cut benefits and blame someone else . 
  should 've been obvious from the start , afterall , is n't that how we got into this mess ? 
  we can dream , ca n't we ? 
  trying to drown us , you mean . 
  you can get a much better look at the interior on google streetview . 
  [ [ torentje ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/@52.0803855,4.3139237,3a,75y,156.02h,74.03t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sc_axy2e67huwgv6gaphewa!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) ] ( the little tower ) if you like a bit more frill : [ [ trevezaal ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/@52.0801064,4.3131371,3a,75y,212.85h,84.15t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sf4lb7mbpatjyc33uo4oc2w!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) ] ( the treve hall ) where the cabinet meets . 
  well , i had n't looked at it like that , but i still think it could n't hurt to attach a bit more importance to [ stable ] military funding . 
  in the netherlands , whenever a government budget had to be generated , the dangerous habit has formed to strip funding from the military to fill in gaps in other areas . 
  meaning the military is left in a very uncertain position , never knowing what they 'll have next year . 
  that severely hampers its ability to plan for the future , and so hurts its effectiveness and reliability . 
  i do n't know if it has to be 2 percent - though that never seemed excessive to me , i 'm rather much an honor your agreements sort of person - but an absolute minimum definately is necessary . 
  well , the british do n't understand banter [ when they 're not the ones doing it ] . 
  doubt it , unless sweden can into united kingdom . 
  never underestimate the power of trickle-down amateurism . 
  also many us agencies are essentially leaderless at the moment , since he keeps firing people without having a replacement ready . 
  the children have the run of the house . 
  of course states not wasting time and resources on this kind of counterproductive nonsense is better . 
  i 'm not too worried about terrorism , but i 'd rather they focus on that than g\u00e9rard depardieu 's personalized jobs program . 
  still , i 've had ten minutes to think and there might be a simple way for netflix to , relatively cheaply , comply with and protest this regulation , provided it gets enacted , and if they were so inclined . 
  just pull a `` the invention of lying '' , clean up some random streetgoers , park them on a folding chair in front of a potato-brand camera , and record them reading old european novels that have become public domain . 
  i think the logo for these ` programs ' should be an isometric view of an opened book , the pages divided into five groupings , with the center one sticking out just a little further than the rest . 
  hey , content is content . 
  they ca n't legislate how popular it has to be . 
  ( i hope . ), 
  fine , have it your way . 
  their . 
  and no , i 'm no fan of cultural spending - i 've seen my share of hideous roundabout based art installations - but it beats putting in place arbitrary quotas , cause a few petty countries think it 's a good way of getting some of those hollywood dollars . 
  ( it 's not . ), 
  i guess it 's just the dumbfuckery of the times we live in . 
  they 're not going to do what would actually work , cause people will object to paying for it , but they 'll gladly light half a library on fire counting on the cheers from the patriotic pride flagwavers . 
  so what 'll have to happen is , if netflix is now at 20/80 split between eu and non-eu content in europe , to move that to 30 % they either have to buy or create 70 % more eu content than they have now , \u00f3r they can go with the cheaper option and cut their library on the non-eu side by 42 % cause 34/80 and 20/47 splits both amount to 30 % european content . 
  now odds are it 's not going to be either of those , but somewhere in between , and you can bet even with a smaller library ( and it would be ) netflix would n't ( and should n't , cause fuck us dumbfucks and our dumb as fuck rules ) lower prices accordingly , but wah , i ca n't spare that euro if it says ` tax ' anywhere near there . 
  quota are a bad idea regardless , cause it 's much easier to up the percentage of eu content on netflix by cutting down on the amount of non-eu content , than it is to produce more eu content . 
  which makes this whole ill-fated attempt to prop up an industry that apparently ca n't stand on its own , an anti-consumer move . 
  the old people in brussels want more eu content ? 
  then they 're going to have to subsidize it so they can make it better , or cheaper , and thus more attractive to netflix . 
  so if i learn the names and adresses of a bunch of brits who 've registered to vote , put on my best jimmy carr accent and just go on a tour of polling stations , your electoral system is screwed ? 
  frankly i 'm amazed it held out as long as it did . 
  do n't forget more cctv cameras per capita than any other country in the world , newspapers hacking the voicemail of your missing children , minimum wage earners taking xray snapshots of your junk at the airport and a pm [ hellbent on nothing sinister at all ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/technology/theresa-may-to-create-new-internet-that-allows-government-to-control-and-regulate-what-is-said-online-35733509.html ) ... 
  but a little plastic card in your pocket , that 's where the line gets drawn ? 
  author confirmed millennial . 
  copies homework directly from wikipedia . 
  these numbers are all somewhat questionable , as they 're not taken from the same year . 
  [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) ( jamaica , why !? ), 
  national lampoon 's president 's big trip here 's hoping he turns out to have been chevy chase all along . 
  yeah , the rtbf is a massive mistake , considering the potential for abuse . 
  the only variant of the law i can see being workable is one where search engines are required to delink materials or combinations of tags that have been _ proven _ to be libelous , and the more extreme personal privacy violations . 
  an article published about the time you conned someone is not a privacy violation . 
  does n't matter how long ago . 
  relevancy is irrelevant . 
  pictures with intimate content stolen from a hacked phone , or uploaded by a jilted lover , i 'd say _ would _ qualify . 
  it should n't be on the search engine solely to make the distinction . 
  in part cause ` the search engine ' does n't typically mean ` all search engines ' but just google , which can harm them in the long run . 
  ( people will switch search engines if one becomes heavily redacted and the other ones do n't . ), 
  of course , if we have some eu commission or agency put together to handle this , then the question will arise whether these people can be trusted to be unbiased . 
  more so as you ca n't really have public oversight on a thing like that , as that just pushes the nasty shit people ( some rightly so ) are trying to get free of into the spotlight . 
  so it would only be a matter of time before some euro-critic gets a request denied , and leaps to the conclusion the decision was political , and that we have to shitshow to contend with . 
  i really suspect some of the people who passed this law initially may have had a personal stake in it , cause it just seems too poorly thought out to be legit . 
  well , to be fair , they do use a young picture on their pound notes . 
  well , the americans did copy house of cards from the uk . 
  turnabout is fair play . 
  oh jolly good then , that 's not terrifying at all . 
  i 'm all in favour of spaying and neutering at this level of stupid . 
  yeah , just , do n't . 
  the air is too thin up there . 
  electing presidents has its drawbacks , even if the job is a chiefly ceremonial one as the king 's role currently is . 
  a royal family has the upside of not having that hangover every four years where close to half the country believes the wrong person got elected and the entire country is going straight to hell . 
  save for the odd wandering republican , there 's really not that many people who outright reject them as can be the case with presidents . 
  so as a unifying force , which is what ceremonial functions are mainly about i think , a royal family seems like the better choice . 
  not to mention , when it comes to trade missions , there 's no shortage of countries in the world where people would be far more impressed with a monarch showing up than a minister .
