do keep in mind though that unlike your typical president , our royal family members do n't really choose their own lot in life . 
  they can walk away , and why they do n't we can only guess at , but even so : this is part of the reason why the family 's relationship with the press is so tightly managed by the rivd , and why i 'm inclined to say the l\u00e8se-majest\u00e9 law should probably stay on the books . 
  not only the king 's life , but also that of his immediate family and children needs to be kept livable . 
  to have someone go and make a big public spectable of declaring them a family of nazis might make for some awkward schoolyard dynamics . 
  ( though to be fair , ordinary libel law should be more than adequate to deal with things like that . ), 
  insults though , you kind of need a family-specific law for that one , lest you have to choose between a hypersensitive society where neighbours are sueing each other over something they think they heard the other say under his breath , or a cloistered royal family that on a good day is merely afraid of the general public . 
  i mean , really . 
  what did lex ever do to the `` f #ck the king ! '', 
  guy ? 
  i 'd gamble nothing at all . 
  `` f #ck the monarchy ! '', 
  would 've been a perfectly fine thing to say ; it 's protected by the right to free speech , and it 's what he ` meant ' . 
  not what he said , though , so in that particular incident , i consider the fine they tried to give him little more than a tax on the stupid . 
  and if the king ever ca n't find that knob anymore ... well , we 'll see about that , if and when . 
  he does n't have that much power anyway . 
  maybe we 'll be a republic again . 
  but this is hardly the issue on which to declare one type of nation ( republic ) better than another ( constitutional monarchy ) . 
  afterall , turkey 's a republic . 
  this is why i started using an ad blocker . 
  if they all just got together and put out an ad blocker of their own that blocks anything that executes code or plays sound , i 'd switch to that , and they could happily advertise to their hearts ' contend in the acceptable range . 
  otherwise , i think newspapers might be making a comeback . 
  dude , it 's 10 % fewer voting locations than in a general election . 
  almost entirely in low population areas . 
  it may have some effect , but i have a hard time believing it 'll make any meaningfull difference . 
  least of all for the no-voters , since these are the only ones actually motivated to show up . 
  so if anything , reducing polling locations , in the event of a quorum being reached , increases the odds of a victory for the no-camp . 
  personally , i think it 's rather absurd , that a referendum for which only 30 % of the people have to show up should be taken at all seriously . 
  i 'm guessing technically this is just an advisory referendum ( though oddly enough , none of the articles claiming to be ` everything you have to know about the ukraine referendum ' mention whether it 's at all binding or not ) but i 'm sure that if 30 % of all citizens show up , and 20 % of all citizens vote no , and the hague does n't immediately pull the plug on ukraine , they 'll still find that undemocratic . 
  ** looked it up , on the referendum-commision website : it 's an advisory referendum , so : ** get 50 % of the voters to agree on something , not 50 % of those who care enough to show up , and then you get to declare victory . 
  your digi-d voting system i 'd be in favor of . 
  just put a qr code on the invitation cards , so people ca n't go vote twice ( once through digi-d and once showing in person ( with the 50plussers ) ) and make sure you anonymize the vote , database 1 tracking who 's voted but not what , and database 2 tallying results . 
  that 'd be one less thing to argue about . 
  ( though then , maybe , eventually , once we 're reasonably certain everyone knows how to work a computer/smartphone , we should make voting mandatory . 
  i mean , if you do n't have to leave the house for it , come on . ), 
  i 'm all in favor of a `` does the eu suck ? '', 
  referendum . 
  just as long as you 're fine with a non-binary ballot . 
  cause not everyone who thinks the eu is a massive failure also thinks the answer is to turn full on isolationist . 
  my opinion is people spend entirely too much time talking about this nonsense . 
  the people organizing this referendum are a group with a proven record of being contrarian just for laughs , and the issue has been entirely muddled to the point that people are treating it as a referendum on a multitude of issues other than the one it 's supposedly about , and there 's as many lies and incriminations flying around as there are facts , making it near impossible to tell the difference . 
  ( see no. 3 . 
  every association treaty ever signed contained a clause pointing to a future eu membership . 
  this clause has been omitted from the ukrainian one . 
  after two decades of admitting all comers , i 'm fairly hopeful the eu has learned its lesson . 
  that by the time , if ever , no. 3 happens , no. 2 wo n't be an issue anymore . ), 
  but all that is moot to me . 
  i live in a representative democracy . 
  i intend to vote to allow the people who i elected to represent me , to represent me . 
  no matter what the keen political augur frying my chips and frikandellen divined from her facebook feed . 
  not much to go on . 
  do n't know about the elites , so much . 
  but there 's only so long you can have a tantrum throwing roommate stomping around , declaring he 's seconds away from walking out the door before , bad idea or not , you start egging him on to go . 
  the rent money 's a concern for tomorrow , right now all you want is for the noise to go away . 
  of course , if then sven and whatever danes like to call their kids start squabbling about who gets the dr. who poster left behind , you 're still not going to be able to get any shut-eye . 
  i do n't care what happens on june 23rd . 
  i just long for june 24th . 
  i ca n't really say much without finding something to disagree with , which really , i could n't . 
  it was 25 minutes of someone making perfect sense . 
  if anything , i think the interviewer sounded a little bit incredulous at times , as though what he was hearing was seemed strange to him . 
  but i 'm going to close one eye and pretend that was just the accent . 
  that may be why they keep getting caught funding terrorism and building a very particular denomination of mosques all over the world . 
  maybe they 're getting ready to switch to theocracy as a power base . 
  well then , thank you for explaining it to me so calmly and clearly . 
  the second part was n't confusing at all . 
  my point was that if you give hyperlinks a pass , it would create a legally clear way for organizations to do things we know are n't right , in much the same way it is with major corporations and their tax returns . 
  everyone can see they 've used every trick in the book to avoid paying the percentages they 're supposed to pay , and all we ever hear is that , yeah , it 's tecnically legal . 
  so , speaking of your third party malware driveby sites , those would then be perfectly in the clear to , provided they 're not hosting the malware themselves , but merely linking you to it . 
  what , you 're not responsible when it 's tits , but you are when it 's viruses ? 
  good luck making that stick . 
  dystopia swings both ways , dude . 
  maybe , if john is the town mayor and the secret documents detail how lower bidding contractors were being passed over for john 's relatives , then sure . 
  bob 's article fulfills an important social function and we would be right to expect the courts to protect both him and jane . 
  on the other hand , if john 's article in the local gossip paper is titled `` jilted lover displays stolen pics of rival . 
  find out where ! '', 
  then both bob and jane can , in my best legaleese , go fuck themselves . 
  i think it 's a rather fine distinction . 
  a borderline semantic technicality , really . 
  if we make that distinction , the outcome seems unavoidable : future would-be copyright violators would simply upload the materials in question to a site registered to some nigerian prince , and then link to the content from their own site to rake in the ad revenue . 
  it 's worth noting that what made this case such a big deal was that the leaked photos were published by the australian site and [ clarectification : * linked to by * ] geenstijl * before * the issue in question hit the shelves . 
  i can imagine no stronger case to make on hurting a rights-holders economic interests . 
  no one would 've given a shit if they 'd done this the month after . 
  so i have a hard time blaming the courts for this one . 
  they told apple ( and ireland ) exactly from what : an illegal tax deal that gives an advantage to a ( by now ) well-established , borderline market-dominating , company that makes it that much harder for innovative startups to break into the market , let alone compete with them . 
  apple 's best defense i think would be to say ( correctly ) that the taxdeal with ireland predates both apple being the influential player it 's been for the last decade ( so neutralizing any perception that it 's a deliberate effort to ` keep down the little guys ' ) and the treaty of lisbon itself , meaning at the very most its backtaxes should be calculated up to the date on which the treaty took effect , or the fiscal year after . 
  right , this is just too cringeworthy . 
  especially if you consider that the us brought 567 athletes , china brought 405 and europe fielded 3920 . 
  ( and damn you , ep , for making me add all that up ! ), 
  right . 
  i was pleasantly surprised , considering the alarmist title of the article , to find the last section put the numbers in their proper perspective . 
  being that we 're far more likely to be killed by a myriad of other circumstances , murder included . 
  i wish more people would just get that , rather than keep chipping away at their civil rights trying to _ feel _ safe . 
  well , that sounds reasonable enough , if i take that to imply this thing only works with examples like you gave , where investments are made and legislation comes crashing down out of nowhere . 
  rather than the loss of projected profit pipedreams being compensated cause frowny-face . 
  or companies gaming the isds provision by using it as a sort of all-risk insurance policy for bad investment decisions , made on the chance that some pending law , or event , that everyone saw coming forever , wo n't pass . 
  that 'd be gambling with other people 's money , and the morality of that aside , we 've seen how that turns out . 
  but see , i 've never seen an eu parlementarian , diplomat or commissioner pop by on the news explaining that this isds system has all the proper checks and balances . 
  which seems odd , if it were that simple . 
  i do n't mind the details of these deals that much . 
  i 'm no carcinogen-counter . 
  but the isds bit of those treaties just sits in my mind as a blank page/check that wo n't be filled in till after the signatures .
