  in other words , we can send clarkson , may and hammond into space for a grand tour of the solar system . 
  they 're going to have to get some slightly more economical cars , i suppose , cause there 's going to be three of them , or hammond 's going to have to use a bike ( might be for the best ) . 
  that , or they 'd have to scrap pluto off the list , but then people will probably throw rocks at them again . 
  i hope that clears things up a little . 
  i certainly never felt quite as claustrophobic about the solar system as i do now . 
  okay , well , no want into nordics now . 
  does n't count if they 've got dead people in them . 
  well , now i 'll have nightmares . 
  so ca n't he just run through a proxy , like putin did with medvedev ? 
  that 's the way the system works , right ? 
  it 's a good thing the order on the black helicopters has n't come through yet . 
  that might 've looked bad in that video . 
  maybe not , but it 's not like you guys actually have the time or manpower to hammer something out properly , considering all the rest of the world is going to come knocking on your door soon enough . 
  a cut and paste deal at least as an interim solution seems all but guaranteed . 
  to have an unrestricted trade deal , the eu would require assurances that the standards and regulations being met today/in 2019 through the brexit bill , will still be met in 2029 , and not create a scenario where ( warning : extreme hyperbole ahead ) we 're being undercut cause the uk reintroduced child labour and we did n't think to build in a kill switch . 
  or something less dramatic to broadly the same effect . 
  and unwilling to keep to the four freedoms of the eea , which is the sovereignty-light version of business as usual , the uk simply must face more restrictions , else we 'd be undermining the selling points of the eea . 
  which i know leavers care fuck all about , but we do . 
  and in before `` that 's not what we want '' ; yeah , it 's been 362 days since you had your little refetantrum , so is n't it about time then you tell us what it is that you * do * want ? 
  now now , let 's not get carried away . 
  i 'm pretty sure that void 's going to be filled for the most part by asia . 
  well , clearly it * is * our fault . 
  all that 's yet to be determined is , is it our fault for not more thoroughly forcing fire safety regulations down those noble british gullets , or is it our fault for having any regulations at all while knowing full well that these paragons of eu-enthusiasm would bend over backwards and risk life and limb to free up funds with which to purchase led lightbulbs to please their shortsighted friends across the channel ? 
  should we have known not to trust the uk with a box of matches ? 
  these are the questions to which we must have answers !, 
  the lower part of the tower kind of does . 
  it looks like they just built upward . 
  i know !, 
  his ears !, 
  was it his ears ? 
  i think it was his ears !, 
  seems about right . 
  yes , but the echr is tied to a court and a collective of nations that actually has the economic means and , on occasion , the will to attach consequences to violating it . 
  all the un ever really can do it is write a sternly worded letter , which as far as your typical budding authoritarian is concerned might as well have been printed directly on toiletpaper . 
  eh , the whole thing always seemed like an exercise in futility to me . 
  it 's not like many refugees being sent to these countries would just stay there , even if the schengen area does n't apply to them , which i 'm not sure it does n't . 
  and what happens when orban and friends realize they can just grant any refugees sent their way immediate citizenship , give them a few hundred euroes to buy a train ticket and tell them to exercise their right as european citizens to live and work wherever they want ? 
  redistribution is n't the solution here . 
  article 50 is already triggered . 
  the guillotine is falling . 
  business as usual can only proceed with full agreement of all 28 parties involved . 
  at this rate i envision one eu negotiator ( on rotation ) giving the most perfunctory possible answers to the uk team , while the rest play games on their smartphones and run out the clock on article 50 . 
  now i want each side of that city to have its own football team . 
  figures the voice of reason in the uk would be found in a mental hospital . 
  i think the stakes are a little lower than that . 
  with article 50 triggered , it would n't have to be just the ruling parties of the uk . 
  if just one member of the eu27 , come march 29 2019 , says `` brexit means brexit '' , it 's game over for the uk . 
  so yes , long odds . 
  well , dup 's negotiating position just improved . 
  this is good practice for may . 
  and blame brussels for their own work . 
  i would hope the uk would have to get an early start on withdrawing from the ep to get the assent from the eu27 on that . 
  ( the current deadline for brexit stands a few months ahead of the next round of ep elections . 
  it would be rather odd to have them presenting candidates for the european parliament on their way out . 
  besides , we 've seen what happens if you hold a vote in the uk . 
  no , see , after talking unprecedented levels of smack about the eu for six months , the uk voted they were going to leave the eu . 
  but then they misplaced their prime minister , and the new one needed about a year or so to find a good occasion to bring it up in the group , which she finally found on march 27th 2017 , when she told us , in no uncertain terms , that the uk was definately leaving . 
  needless to say , we were all caught very much by surprise by this sudden announcement , and gave the uk two years time to pack its things and return our dvds , which some in the uk find awfully unfair and terribly short notice . 
  i hope that clears it up . 
  yeah , but i think most countries do n't let them print the newspapers . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm in the netherlands and the first hit i get for `` is germany '' is still `` a continent of a country '' . 
  that strikes me as an impossible level of stupid , considering we 're right next to it . 
  fortunately , when i query google in dutch , i get `` is duitsland een republiek '' ( is germany a republic ) , which is ... better . 
  also france a republic ? 
  spain safe ? 
  switzerland , austria , iceland expensive ? 
  ( these are dutch searches , alright . ), 
  no one that 's quite sure whether england , britain or the uk 's a country though . 
  remember before the international media and the internet , when we all used to think the british were classy ? 
  bowlerhats and queueing and stiff upper lips . 
  i miss that . 
  that 's got to be the worst part of it . 
  being nice to people feels like being used , if it 's a one-sided exercise where i have a vegetarian option for goldidreads , but i ca n't take one bloody bite out of my sandwich without being told that xe ca n't believe i 'd eat the meat of animals . 
  again . 
  apparently , not eating meat affects the memory in roughly the same way a hammer does . 
  clearly , they need more intelligence . 
  mine that unencrypted metadata for all the false positives its worth . 
  that 'll narrow things down . 
  no , it was like that when it got here . 
   so ** _ why does it come as a surprise _ ** that in personal , non-professional conversations with those staff , they may hold political it does n't . 
  nor was it implied that it does . 
  i think we 're not talking about the same thing . 
  i meant to refer at the surprise part of what you said . 
  it was n't implied , as far as i can tell , that [ paraphrasing ] probably not all the us embassy staff voted for trump is surprising . 
  it does n't . 
  nor was it implied that it does . 
  well , i do n't know how it works in belgium ( i expect roughly the same ) but the public media ( tv ) i know is publically funded , and otherwise independent . 
  you have to work within a certain framework , in terms of the balance between informative and entertainment , but you can start your own broadcasting organization - with enough backing - and get on there , with a chunk of that funding , making an ass of yourself sticking a pink microphone in politicians ' faces for a living . 
  the problem is , as it stands , all news about the eu filters through nation-centric news services now . 
  something happens in brussels and we only get the `` how does this effect us '' of it , if that , and none of the `` why is it being done '' . 
  the talking heads all speak my language . 
  i never get my news directly from the pm . 
  there 's always a journalist between me and him , so always some possibility of coloring/bias . 
  but there 's another degree of separation with the eu , and there does n't have to be . 
  else , we might as well think about updating the flag . 
  lose the twelve stars , add twenty-seven bubbles . 
  e-span would be a good place to start . 
  with all the different languages , live news services would be a problem , but i do think there should be some sort of public tv style channel or streaming service , with a budget to buy , create and translate eu-relevant content . 
  the fact that this far in no attempt seems to have ever been made to create something like this bothers me immensely , whenever eu types complain about people not understanding the eu or being swept up in opponents ' stories .
