  so all this will probably be settled in the negotiations . 
  plus when push comes to shove , if the negotiations are proceeding in good faith , it 's always possible to extend the deadline at a later date . 
  if not , it 's a little extra leverage . 
  how are we to correct our children with cold led bulbs !, 
  facing left , i see what you mean . 
  oh god . 
  i feel like a terrible shitlord saying it , but i just realized how much worse this is going to get when inevitably some sociology major does hir graduation thesis on how much is made on average by 30 + non-binary genders compared to cis scum , and the internet runs with it . 
  we 're doomed . 
  ^ doooomed !, 
  i 'm confused . 
  how do you prove pay is ` fair ' ? 
  fair is highly subjective . 
  even they 're going to eliminate payscales altogether and have entry-level people paid as much as long-term employees , the latter might think it unfair that experience and loyalty are n't valued . 
  and the employers themselves are going to just not hire people who are at risk of taking those hiatuses ( read : get pregnant ) to ensure they get the most return on their equal investments . 
  a law like this better come with one hell of an appendix . 
  no , that 's where the resistance hid them !, 
  wilders is on facebook and twitter . 
  evidently , the election results are not . 
  is it though ? 
  terrorism ( which i 'm presuming this is about ) is a fairly minor threat , really . 
  no matter where in the eu you are , you 're at least four times more likely to be killed ` normally ' than by an off-hue stranger who talks funny . 
  and not a lot of people worry that much about being killed by their relatives . 
  now while i 'm sure the intelligence services have something to do with keeping those numbers down , since we ca n't tell how much of that they also would 've been able to do within the limits of what regular law enforcement allowed , i 'm not so sure the gains merit the losses . 
  i bet there was also a sudden outbreak of the viking thunder-clap . 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  they probably rolled it ahead of them while they skipped behind it laughing . 
  this is n't a brexit type situation , bailing out without a plan . 
  but substituting reliance on nato and an increasingly schizophrenic us with an eu military no longer elicits the kinds of objections it once did . 
  yeah , but * nobody * knew that . 
  this kind of playground passive aggression has to be a sign of senility . 
  i agree with you that 52 % is n't much of a majority , considering the rate at which opinions change and sheer scope of the change awaiting the u.k. , but i do n't think the british public is really owed a do-over . 
  regardless of how many people do or do not have ( non - ) voters remorse , the terms and stakes of the referendum had been made very clear beforehand . 
  the subject of a supermajority was to the best my recollection never brought up . 
  probably cause the remainers were overconfident that a simple majority could never be reached , but nevertheless . 
  it 's unfortunate , but it is what it is . 
  if nothing else , silver lining , the next decade is going to be very educational for all of us . 
   one [ sign ] simply declared in big letters : `` tut '' . 
  hmm yes , indeed . 
  well , for political news i 'd expect a european public broadcaster to focus mainly on the eu parliament , council , etc , and less on collecting and disseminating every errant poll on every local ( national ) election in real time . 
  the occasional special report would do . 
  i do think there should be some sort of european broadcast service , yes , but traditional broadcasting probably would n't work . 
  i 'd suggest some sort of streaming service instead , so its easier to get things to people in the right languages , though live newscasts are probably going to be an issue . 
  it 'd be much easier ( and quicker , and cheaper ) if the big european nations ( france , germany , spain ) just accepted subtitles . 
  if you broadcast/stream your news on a one minute delay you could probably get them subtitled ` live ' . 
  holland . 
  no response . 
  germany . 
  no response . 
  on to the next target . 
  `` c'mon guys , * someone * lash out at me , the polls are n't looking good ! '', 
  sadly , the thing about rights is that you do n't have to deserve them . 
  balls or no balls is a moot point in the presence of a brain . 
  erdogan is trying to raise support for his position in turkey by creating a hated adversary . 
  part of that requires action on our part . 
  this statement looks like it was expressly designed to provoke that action ; it reads like a threat on first glance , but has been left sufficiently open to interpretation so that after the response comes erdogan can claim he was just cautioning the eu away from a self-destructive course or some shit . 
  and that any harshness in a european response was unwarranted and further evidence of resurgent nazism . 
  no , we ca n't go all-out publically . 
  i say we make a note of it , and revisit the issue after his referendum . 
  okay , you know what , seriously finland , this is n't funny anymore !, 
  just as long as it 's just the unsavory historical figures , i agree with you . 
  but the tendency - when it shows up in the news cycle anyway - seems to be to engage in a variant of seven degrees of separation where , usually , slavery stands in for kevin bacon . 
  `` this person should not be remembered as having contributed in a positive way to our society because due to who and what they were they may have had ties to the voc , which amongst a myriad of activities did this bad thing and that bad thing . '', 
  if the person on my street sign owned slaves , or bought and sold them personally , i 'll agree when you say it ought be taken down . 
  but if it 's merely because they had the temerity to be alive in the 17th century , you can expect ridicule from me . 
  we should just place an order for 12.8 million seats of blue crushed velvet and make everyone over 18 a member of parliament . 
  it 's the only way that 's fair . 
  if nothing else , imagine all your vacations being state visits . 
  it 'll be great !, 
  pretty much the worst case outcome of diversity quota-thinking . 
   decolonization always hits me . 
  do away with the original culture and history of the region , while protecting the culture of immigrant groups , so eventually there 's nothing but immigrant culture remaining ... yeah , that 's * de * colonization alright . 
  yeah , when i showed up to vote they were just dropping off a spare ballot box . 
  a beaten up old drum that looked like it served in the war . 
  i do n't know if that 's possible . 
  do they allow prisoners to vote ? 
  but he did run on a platform of putting an end to austerity , had six months between being elected and having to go to brussels , and still only showed up with a two page ` plan ' he probably wrote on the flight over . 
  translated :  erdogan furthermore said at a press conference that the netherlands in 1995 perpetrated a slaughter in bosnia . 
  `` we know them from the slaughter in srebrenica . 
  we know their wicked character from the way they slaughtered 8000 bosnians there . '', 
  from the daily sabah version :  `` netherlands did not surprise us , we already knew the low morality , the civilization level and manners of dutch . 
  we know it from their role in the srebrenica genocide , '' the turkish president said ; referring to the dutch peacekeeper forces that allowed serbian death squads to enter the so-called '' safe enclave , '' and round up bosnians before murdering them en masse . 
  unless our guys got it wrong , they seem to cut their quote off a little earlier , and engage in some revisionist factchecking . 
  i know which way i lean , but if anyone can clarify , please . 
  edit : link . 
  everyone is stuck in their facebook bubble , to some extent or another . 
  even those of us who do n't use facebook . 
  cause our friends and family do , so the algorithms that facebook uses to keep them on their site , by showing only the news that they 're predisposed or conditioned to click , affect the conversations i have with them . 
  and because what gets popular makes it onto the news . 
  this is n't a left-wing or right-wing thing . 
  it 's a computer algorithm designed to keep you there and generate ad revenue . 
  it does n't care how it does it . 
  it does n't know . 
  it ca n't factcheck . 
  it just tracks keywords and usage statistics . 
  it just knows that if you click a lot of cat pictures , it should show you more cat pictures , and maybe some things other cat-picture-clickers seem to like . 
  so if you click a lot of headlines with the words `` immigrant murders '' in them , you get more of those , and if you click a lot of headlines with them words `` racist surge '' in them , you get more of those . 
  regardless of whether reality reflects the increase you 're being shown . 
  these algorithms generate sort of subconscious hive minds of thousand or millions of people , that just confirm and unite them in their deepest fears . 
  i wonder if at some point we 're not going to have to outlaw them . 
  well , that 's a different thing entirely .
