  i do n't know , does invading alongside the allied forces in 1944 count ? 
  well , that japanese bank does . 
  they 'd like to know if you managed to hang on to enough of your marbles to remain a viable business partner . 
  do n't worry , it has n't happened yet . 
  murder-rates per 100,000 : france 1.2 russia 9.5 takes more than a few shootings to bridge that gap . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ), 
  very nice , but no water , so not zombie proof . 
  who did uk bribe to get 0 % ? 
  liberals yes . 
  progressives , only on campus i think . 
  fast-forward five years . 
  sweden 's aghast as new study shows unskilled men starting a new job integrate faster in the workplace than women , cause would n't you know ; the sexist pigs are n't exactly lining up to explain things to the female hires . 
  throughout the nation social studies graduates continue to feel validated in their beliefs and major unions set up special workplace wallflower hotlines to combat the problem . 
  tried to eat the evidence , i bet . 
  could you give some examples ? 
  aside from the long-term predictions that i know brexiteers do n't agree with , but ca n't really be said to have or have n't borne out til 2019 . 
  cause when i googled `` remainer lies '' and `` remainer false claims '' , most of what i get is equivocation along the lines of `` they lied about us [ leave ] lying '' and [ this gem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6fc_ecilla ) ( warning : audio atrocious on multiple levels . ), 
  ca n't seem to get the syrians interested , though . 
  well yeah . 
  even so , i think they 're blaming you not so much for the poison in the eggs , as much as quietly feeding your eggs to the dog under the table and just watching the rest of them eat it . 
  not catching a company going around spraying chickens with something they should n't is a mistake , maybe even a failure . 
  not telling your friends those eggs might kill you , that 's just a dick thing to do . 
  the article 's a bit low on detail , but it 's clear enough the belgian authorities did n't notify anyone cause of _ their own _ fraud investigation . 
  europe had nothing to do with this . 
  which is ludicrous . 
  when you 're dealing with a public health hazard , being able to assign blame should be a _ secondary _ objective . 
  at this point , since the article did n't go into detail , i 'm wondering if they even alerted the nvwa ( the dutch agency in charge of food safety ) or if they left them to figure it out on their own as well . 
  just not from the eu27 . 
  it would be the height of irony , though , to have the `` eu is undemocratic '' crowd excuse clinging on for dear life with `` there does n't have to be a vote on this '' . 
  well , i 'm pretty sure we already do n't extradite people for crimes they may be sentenced to death over , and we stopped selling you the chemicals you need for lethal injections cause for a country that loves killing people so , you 're awfully bad at it , and you 've yet to lose your shit . 
  you 'll whine , loudly , like your president , but in the end you 'll do fuck all . 
  while you 're here , is there a word in polish for shame ? 
  they can just sack the lot of them and install new ones ? 
  somehow , i doubt it . 
  the devil 's familiar . 
  well , now at least the inquisitors know they 're doing the right thing . 
  is it underperformance though ? 
  there 's some studies programs , particularly in the social sciences department , that produce several times the number of graduates as there are jobs available in that field . 
  and most of those are heavily dominated by female students . 
  so to my mind , those excess graduates do n't really count fully . 
  you do n't really need a communications degree to be a blogging barrista . 
  i think these stats kind of tend to skip over that . 
  half of uk moves onto deep web for porn . 
  rotherham becomes a fond memory of better times . 
  so , may 2018 the tabloids 'll have the first online dumps of british creditcard ( - and-other-thing - ) holders , stolen from pornsites , to pick through ? 
  this should be good . 
  well good . 
  i do n't like mountains . 
  they 're coarse and rough and irritating ... 
  right , it 's just guesswork . 
  my mind went a considerably darker route . 
  it might be these were embedded serb translators who after the enclave fell were forced to prove their loyalty . 
  or it might just have been a serbian uniform that looked similar to the dutch ones . 
  okay , finland . 
  stalemate . 
  well , what 's real and what you would n't be surprised to be real may be two different things , regardless of what an infamous yet unnamed label-bearer said . 
  you may have a point , but my main objection though , what i was calling bs on , is the phrase `` most of them '' . 
  i do n't know that , and i do n't believe that . 
  i do n't know , he might not live that long . 
  he 's pretty old already . 
  but take heart . 
  you may yet see ivanka ascend to the throne . 
  lies . 
  it 's true love . 
  the trutin is going to bring marriage equality to russia . 
  just you watch !, 
  that , or it 's a shoop . 
  he 's talking ( bs ) about the journalists , not the fascists against fascism . 
  belgian jokes aside , using territorial waters as leverage the way the uk 's been doing could backfire in a massive way . 
  suppose it does come to scottish independence in the not too distant future , then the uk will lose most of its ( britain-adjacent ) territorial waters , have boxed itself in and primed everyone around it to play hardball when it comes to fishing rights . 
  is that likely ? 
  i do n't know . 
  after 2016 , anyone really wan na play the odds anymore ? 
  it 's cause of the bean bag chair industry , is n't it ? 
  please tell me it 's cause of the bean bag chair industry . 
  i want that bean bag . 
  it looks very comfortable . 
  it 's all those mountains . 
  they 're weighing you down . 
  i think by now we 're all tired of having foreign heads of state treat our countries like outlying provinces just because a large diaspora of their constituents ca n't bear to live in a country run by them . 
  as our ambassadors to the universe at large ? 
  i 'm sorry , but you added up , not multiplied , the dimensions of the euro coin to get their occupied surface area . 
  that should n't be 46.5 , but rather 540 . ish . 
  that means in a grid pattern you can really only fit 20 million euroes worth of small change onto a football pitch , and need 121 of them to lay them all out so ms. vestager can check it 's all there . 
  also those coins will weigh about 90 blue whales . 
  sadly it does seem to be a pattern . 
  whenever i read an article about the negative effects of tourism in amsterdam , all too often the english feature prominently . 
  not the french . 
  the only problem we associate with the germans is that they 're in cahoots with the ocean , digging away at our beaches . 
  i think digging trenches abroad is just a hard habit to break for them . ), 
  not the americans either . 
  it 's the group-travel , i think . 
  as far as i know only the british and the chinese really tend to travel in large groups of their own countrymen , which seems to insulate them from feeling they need to try to get along with the locals . 
  well , if i 'm using wolfram alpha right , at its current point in orbit , i 'd say that 's enough to buy fuel for my ten year old hyundai to drive to mars and back about 30 times . 
  ( 150 times if i wait till this time next year , and fuel prices do n't change too much . ), 
  also 15 return trips to jupiter . 
  10 to saturn . 
  4 to uranus . 
  3 to neptune . 
  twice to pluto .
