   all of these characteristics are starkly different from america 's system . 
  when a retired warden from new york visited halden , he could barely believe the accommodations . 
  `` this is prison utopia , '' he said in a documentary about his trip . 
  `` i do n't think you can go any more liberal -- other than giving the inmates the keys . '' hah !, 
  it 's isds . 
  ( not that this article mentions it even once . ), 
  scrap that dystopian nightmare from these treaties and the lion 's share of the opposition to them evaporates . 
  it 's got nothing to do with free trade . 
  is it fair that someone ` gets to be ' king and someone else does n't ? 
  i suppose it 's not . 
  i 'm fairly certain most heirs to thrones felt exactly the same way about ` having to be ' king at more than one point . 
  life ai n't fair though . 
  accidents of birth happen . 
  it 's not fair some kids are born to parents who can afford private schools , and some to parents that can not . 
  it 's not fair that kids who went to private school have better chances of getting into universities than kids who did n't . 
  it 's not fair that the kids who get into universities have better chances of making it in business and politics , and the ultimate offices there , than ones who did n't . 
  but the line is to be drawn when there 's one threshold everyone is equally incapable of crossing ? 
  it 's when an appeal to fairness pops up that republicans often start to sound rather a little bit petty to me ... 
  but then , i 'm not a trusting sort . 
  i immediately question the motives of anyone who _ wants _ the job . 
  it 's far easier for me to give the benefit of the doubt to someone who got it by accident of birth . 
  so as far as i 'm concerned it 's a good enough system for me . 
  i 'm not saying it 's necessarily a better system than a presidency , i 'm just saying i 'm not buying that the reverse is true either . 
  so i figure we hang onto them as long as they want the job , or we get an aegon of orange the first , and when we run low on royalty , whether that 's in decades or centures , we say our goodbyes and think of something else . 
  we can always bring back stewardship . 
  apart from the fact that they 're convenient ambassadors , they do n't serve much use . 
  the monarch 's function is largely ceremonial . 
  except for one detail . 
  the king 's signature is required to sign any bill into law . 
  this may seem like a bad idea at first glance , but it is n't . 
  it 's insurance , to my mind at least , that there 's someone who 's been schooled his or her entire life for the job , and independent from party politics , guarding that final gate . 
  it means that if ever we all get swept up in a monumentally bad decision , the monarch can refuse to sign it into law and buy us a couple of days to reconsider by basically saying `` if you really want to do this , do it without me . '', 
  in practice , though , no situation that prompted the monarch to put their position on the line ever occurred , and all the parliament 's decisions are signed into law with no trouble at all . 
  so the case that a constitutional monarchy like ours is somehow inferior to say a presidential system really does n't hold water outside of a fantasy world in which the most motivated people to seek a presidency are n't also the most inclined to curtail other people 's ability to take it away from them once they get there . 
  if by ` obligations to us ' he means the stipulations of the nato treaty , like the 2 % defense spending rule , then yeah , i suppose it 's not that unreasonable as a way to force the issue . 
  but it 's trump , though ... 
  i ca n't help but think the ` us ' he 's talking about in the opening paragraph is n't nato . 
  hardly . 
  a 30 day sentence , released on the 14 days already held , and he was arrested not so much as a result of what he said as as a result of when and where he said it . 
  ( he got noted by the security services when they did a preperatory investigation of an area the king would be visiting . 
  to weed out any potential karst t. 's and glasswork afficionadoes , so to speak . ), 
  having looked into it , i 'll agree that the potential penalty ( of up to five years in prison ) included in the law , though it 's never come anywhere close in practice , is way beyond the pale . 
  though i still maintain there 's good cause to have _ some _ method of recourse enshrined in the law for the royal family . 
  the king is hardly a net beneficiary of free speech himself , afterall . 
  you 've already become a less desirable destination to work cause the value of the currency foreign workers would be paid in has already dropped by a solid 10 % relative to the dollar and the euro . 
  cause then , sense or no , cameron 's opponents would 've accused him of rigging it in favor of his own preferred outcome . 
  the whole point was to put the issue to rest . 
  add a dash of overconfidence in the outcome , and : oops . 
  it 's in the included video , is n't it ? 
  farage saying so himself . 
  alright , but aside from all that :  he [ farage ] went on to say the uk now has a '' # 10billion a year featherbed , that will be free money that we can spend on the nhs , on schools , on whatever it is . '', 
  minus about 6 billion pounds a year of direct eu spending in the uk that now they 'll have to pick up the tab themselves for , including 3 billion for agriculture . 
  plus uncalculated indirect benefits that 'll cost to replace . 
  that silver lining might just be mostly ash . 
  that 's what sucks about activists , they always leave out the bits that make things out to be not quite as bad as they need you to think they are . 
  eh , i would n't count on it . 
  seeing as everything the eu does has to be unanimous , you 'll be catering to the angriest common denominator . 
  the good news is , i have no idea who that would be , but the thought of all 27 nations conducting themselves reasonably seems overly optimistic . 
  well , there 's being in parliament , and there 's being in parliament . 
  he sits there playing with his cellphone complaining on twitter about the ` fake government ' and votes ` no ' whenever he hears his name called out , but he does n't actually accomplish anything . 
  for all practical purposes , parliament 's effectively been scaled down from 150 representatives to one of 135 where bills need a 56 % majority to pass , and that 's about the full extent of his political influence outside of the media . 
  i feel much the same about throwing a fit and walking away from the mess they helped create . 
  ( nothing happens in the eu without _ all _ 28 states being onboard , afterall . ), 
  for my part , i 'm just not that deterred by the prospect of losing the uk . 
  i agree with the critics that the eu needs massive change , but change requires political will , and frankly the uk has proven beyond all comparison that they lack that . 
  they can only gum up the works further . 
  think about it , if you start making exceptions and special rules for different countries within the union , it 's just going to get that much harder to get anything done . 
  cause on every new plan or bill they 'll have to read through 28 different treaties just to make sure they do n't accidentally use a font type on something that italy does n't like , or did n't forget to include ` shoe ' in the list of possible uses for woodpulp to keep the dutch happy . 
  if you just tack on enough of those , it 's just a slow and subtle way of dissolving the eu entirely . 
  pretty much cause even though we do n't like him , we do n't want some crazy person getting swept up in threat narratives and shooting him . 
  although , horrible thought , i suppose the mandatory minute of silence would be nice ... 
  but that 's pretty much it , i think . 
  it 's hard to tell where the line is . 
  you either err on the side of going too far , or not going far enough . 
  only so long as the referenda they 're proposing pertain to some bill or another that 's been passed . 
  though then again , we know it 's not beyond them to organize a referendum on one subject and then campaign as though it 's about another entirely . 
  actually , the population figures are from 2010 , the public estimates are from 2014 . 
  good thing it does n't ever get hot in turkey . 
  so , cause the uk has arrested thousands of its citizens just for talking , and cause one of the nations in the eu had one incident where some overzealous bureaucrat told the police to * ask * some guy to consider what effect his words might have ( which yes , puts the police where they 're rightly not wanted ) , that 's why leaving the eu would be a good thing ? 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'd be happy to see our fairweather friends go . 
  i just did not realize london was an independent city state . 
  you might be right . 
  salutations , fellow lone wolf !, 
  i do n't know , i do n't think the eu 's that worried about the errant wandering brit walking into a chip shop where he ca n't pay with pounds . 
  i do n't see why scotland would be either . 
  it 's likely the uk would be doing most of the border enforcing . 
  unless scotland has cause to expect an invasion ? 
  that same membership also makes the establishment of trade relations the sole right and responsibility of the greater eu , and forbids the uk from pursuing its own trade deals apart from the bloc prior to brexit . 
  so maybe we should work something out . 
  the article already points to a possible membership obligation ( restriction ) that can be waived in fair exchange for the uk agreeing to bow out of the economic loop . 
  that being the restriction on nations conducting their own trade agreements , which falls under the exclusive responsibilities of the eu and which has to be waived if the uk for instance wants to get the ball rolling on setting up an fta with trumpica . 
  possibly , if we 're going to be really technical , i think that may even apply when it comes to getting an early start on negotiations with the eu itself for a post-brexit trade-deal . 
  i guess what i 'm saying is , nothing new or original is being argued about here . 
  so you 're britain ... great . 
  which is bull . 
  it 's treating ` citizens ' as property , and i 'm putting citizens in quotes there cause there no way anyone who was n't born in a country , and was n't raised in a country , owes that country jack shit . 
  maybe , but i doubt it . 
  it 's likely the eu is just starting with the highest possible estimate to have something to give up in the negotiations . 
  likewise i expect the uk 's opening proposal to be lower than they consider reasonable , so they 've got something to concede ` for free ' .
