  i 'm generally in favor of further european integration , but not at all in the way brussels seems to want to do it . 
  the eu has in the past been plagued with a sort of futurist optimism that tells them that if only they can pass the next milestone , everything else will fall into place . 
  and it 's backfired a few times . 
  most prominently with the eurozone admission of greece , which we knew at the time did n't check all the necessary boxes , but ... the grand vision . 
  a gamble which might have worked out , if * nothing * had gone wrong , but it did . 
  so now we have the counter-hysteria of people who rather than identify and prune the sick trees , think the only solution is to set the whole forest on fire . 
  `` it 's the only way to be sure . '', 
  i 'd rather they focus on the eu proving its usefulness in practical and * visible * ways ( through joint opt-in projects for instance ) and accept that that way it may take a few decades for public opinion to shift sufficiently to make their ` united states of europe ' vision viable . 
  it needs to be a no brainer , for a lot more than just 52 % of the population . 
  4000 people in the streets of frankfurt need to stop getting their news from their facebook bubble . 
  distorted reality really is hell on the blood pressure . 
  nexit is a non-issue in the netherlands . 
  i 'm not even confident half the people who would vote for wilders would be in favor of it , let alone enough to actually make it happen . 
  this is ... not entirely unexpected . 
  relevant xkcd : https://what-if.xkcd.com/53/, 
  well , you know , i would 've thought that they did , but if they are the fact that we 've still have these problem cases roaming around suggests that there 's a breakdown in communications somewhere . 
  well one place to start would be taking fingerprints . 
  i 'm generally not a fan of that method of registration - i think we all associate it with processing criminals - but it 's become an all too common story , that of professional ` refugees ' abusing the crisis by roaming from nation to nation and applying under different names . 
  the policy should be , if one eu country told you no , they all do . 
  why should they be ? 
  if we do that , we incentivize poor decision making . 
  if a country like sweden or germany can wax progressively and make a good show of taking in refugees by the tens of thousands , and then quietly rid themselves of the burden by insisting on solidarity from the rest of us , you essentially create gateway nations . 
  the only nations that deserve such leeway at all are the ones that are already made gateway nations through no fault of their own , by bad luck and geography , like italy and greece . 
  and i dread to wonder how it 's decided which refugees get redistributed , cause it 's something of a nightmare scenario if you imagine these gateway nations picking out the well educated refugees to support themselves , and passing on the - to put it very crassly - chaff to the rest . 
  that level of european ` solidarity ' would sadly not shock me . 
  i do n't see any breakdown of results by demographics , or anything about demographics at all , sadly . 
  there 's no way for me to tell how many of the people that miss the warm embrace of the soviet era are actually old enough to remember living in it . 
  if you pay that 60bn , you probably will . 
  britain * could * refuse to pay and , as the title says , europe * could * deny britain certain benefits ... that 's how this shit works . 
  if no one blinks this is going to be a trainwreck . 
  i do n't know about germany and austria , but in the netherlands the turkish and other muslim communities in particular are quite insular . 
  i do n't think it 's by anyone 's design . 
  it 's just that if someone opens a halal bakery somewhere , that neighbourhood instantly becomes much more appealing to one very specific group of tenants . 
  i 'll let you guess which . 
  a few years and shops later , and there 's a little bit of a benign enclave going on , which unlike most neighbourhoods is surrounded on all sides by neighbourhoods that are not at all similar to it . 
  so there 's a sense of isolation . 
  add some nostalgia . 
  a satellite dish to keep abreast of news at home . 
  maybe a grandparent who 's not very good at the local language , so you keep it on the home channels pretty much all the time . 
  then the rare times you get news about the country you 're living in , is when it reaches the country your family 's from , and news that travels that far is rarely good . 
  so anyway , living in a country is no guarantee that that country 's values will rub off on you . 
  if anything , last i heard on the subject , turks in nl are generally far more conservative than the ones in turkey . 
  it 's easy to vote for a dictatorship if you do n't have to live in it . 
  which might be exactly why they booked an appearance four days before the dutch parliamentary elections . 
  there can be little in the way of a measured response during election times , as incumbent parties ' opponents will jump on the first sign of weakness . 
  `` they stand idly by as a foreign government grooms a fifth column '' and worse . 
  truth is , they probably should 've just let it go unremarked . 
  there 's maybe a thousand people attending the event cavusoglu is going to . 
  now they 've dragged it into the news cycle and boosted his reach . 
  ( which i 'm assuming we do n't want . ), 
  i do n't get it . 
  i thought it was to make belgium look bigger than it is , by making the journey to france seem longer . 
  eh , let them have it . 
  the eu already understands the importance of science pretty well . 
  in the us it needs all the help it can get to get taken seriously . 
  do n't enough people already want to immigrate to iceland already ? 
  everyone check your tea aisles for polonium !, 
  it would certainly complicate all those sovereign trade treaties they mean to make , if their future negotiating partners see them now pull out of previous commitments . 
  it would call into question the credibility , and reduce the value , of the uk 's future promises . 
  they can just outright refuse to pay anything , and even if the eu did shrug and let that slide , \u00e1nd let them keep their access to the eu market tariff-free and everything ( * ) , they 'd still pay a devastating price while trying to replace all the trade agreements with non-eu nations . 
  ( * ) by the same token , if the eu did that though , it would look like a pushover , and other parties we have treaties with might start unilaterally renegging on their agreements . 
  so we ca n't possibly do that . 
  britons may scream they 're unfairly being punished . 
  but they 're going to do that no matter what anyway . 
  we 're allowed to talk about our hidden transglobalist agenda now ? 
  and shoot yourself some o'possums ? 
  ah well , fair enough . 
  that was a false equivalency on my part . 
  somehow i let the word ` ban ' and the difference between simply chosing not to buy something , and telling people they ca n't buy something , slip by me there . 
  it does make more sense this way . 
  i 'll wallpaper my sandwiches before i go near a spraycan of kraft easy cheese . 
   the dispute dates back to 1996 , when the u.s. sued brussels at the world trade organization for its ban on hormone-treated beef . 
  after europe continued to uphold the ban , the wto authorized the u.s. to impose punitive tariffs equal to the damage suffered because of the hormone ban . 
  which is completely ass-backward . 
  what 's next , i have to pay a fine to phillip morris to compensate them for all the cigarettes i refuse to buy ? 
  why did n't we think of that ? 
  i 'm calling shotgun . 
  please , bomb the netherlands second to last . 
  american cheese . 
  surely the geneva convention forbids that ? 
  then please , continue your trend of emotionally driven poorly thought out decisions and see how successful your free-trade negotiations with the rest of the world are going to be after they see you walk out on your previous commitments . 
  might as well sign your treaties with crayon after that , for all the credibility they 'll have . 
  `` so help me god almighty '' always sounded awfully conditional to me . 
  i `` ll keep to this oath just so long as the big guy helps me do so . 
  so if i break the oath , then clearly , the big guy must not have wanted me to keep to it . 
  and then it 's fine . 
  it 's christianity according to pontius pilate . 
  just promise . 
  leave god out of it . 
  it 's your responsibility , not his . 
  yet still , we 're beaten by finland . 
  you do it by attrition . 
  europe 's intelligensia 's habit of trying to run the place by edict is what breeds euro-scepticism . 
  in other words , those who think there should be pan-european parties should get together and form pan-european parties , and accept that for the time being they 'll have to chapter their lists of candidates by country of residence for the elections . 
  cause just because most of the parties running in the current system are national ones , nothing about the eu electoral system prevents you from creating psuedo-national shell parties just for the ep elections . 
  if the idea catches on , nationalist parties will start to phase out of the ep . 
  if it does n't , tough luck . 
  if 2016 taught us anything , it 's that democracy is n't without its risks . 
  but i 'll fight anyone who says we ought to get rid of it . 
  i was n't complaining .
