  it would seem we have reached a stage where countries can decide if they wish to be part of this political project or not ? 
  not sure how you can argue against a sovereign government from an irish perspective to be honest , what leg are you standing on ? 
  indeed . 
  because it is the argument and people not mentioning it are fighting a straw man . 
  you are making an argument from the point of view that money is the only thing that matters . 
  i ca n't say i would make decisions based on what is best for my country based on the best interests of another country ? 
  i do n't disagree that uk politicians are terrible , however i do n't follow the logic that therefore the best decision is to completely hand power over to a supranational body led by people who are not elected by the populous but by the politicians i already mistrust , you may help me get there ? 
  in addition i would argue that i ca n't see much difference between `` having no say '' and our current position so if you could also illuminate me with regards to this i would appreciate it . 
  edit : also technically the entire world exists in a vacuum . 
  slowly but surely in the right direction . 
  does n't have an opt out on entry of eu passport holders . 
  what would leaving the eu have to do with resolving it 's fault in all matters ? 
  if you have not been to london in recent years you may be shocked at the reality . 
  good job you do n't live in the uk i guess ? 
  what continental security ? 
  top kek . 
  it is more of a we care about those things for ourselves and we will not support an organisation doing its best to destroy those things ? 
  this appears to be your only actual example that you find objectionable ? 
  not arguing that this is a valid parental case as i do n't share such religious convictions regarding the issue but if the parents are free to raise their children with religious indoctrination your example seems to be a minor issue in comparison ? 
  i honestly must say i have no idea which way you could possibly lean politically or philosophically . 
  seems strange to call something that can be taken away a right ? 
  i guess it depends on your view of who is responsible for the child the state or the parents . 
  so state intervention above parental responsibility ? 
  absolutely horrific . 
  so you can sue someones rights away ? 
  does that mean it is a right ? 
  what if the child does n't consent to testing for serious diseases ? 
  even if the child did consent is it informed consent ? 
  edit : at no point did i say should , but you seem to be advocating removing a parents rights to actually raise their children ? 
  well it does n't seem unreasonable to parents to rear their children in any manner they see fit ? 
  i just find it strange anyone would argue that children should not be the complete responsibility of the parents ? 
  in which case i do n't see how testing anything is anyone 's choice but the parents ? 
  this is getting into very murky waters to be honest and it really depends on what kind of society you want to live in etc. 
  would it be an offence to do this test without the other parents consent ? 
  at what point does the child lose their additional rights ? 
  so a child has a right to privacy from their parents ? 
  the person quoted does n't exist . 
  is this not already happening ? 
  which was the point or one of made in the article . 
  do you actually know the context of this or is your knee just jerking ? 
  the eu would n't respond to a russian invasion as they would probably just be finishing their starters by the time it is over . 
  really is a joke how much of europe will criticise us foreign policy while hiding behind it . 
  the guardian is definitely the same level as the daily mail . 
  if you find out let us know . 
  well if verhofstadt ca n't even get behind it you know it must be bad . 
  bit rich any country of the eu complaining about not following `` common rules '' really . 
  the eu . 
  indeed . 
  what about cars ? 
  you did n't discuss did you ? 
  it is rather telling that you have no argument when resorting to insults immediately . 
  hope your mood improves !, 
  i am waiting for enlightenment . 
  in a way that is a very sensible position , i would prefer more to give uk mps a bit of a trial by fire . 
  ah polite discourse telling me why i am wrong ... oh wait . 
  so the uk does not remain part of the eu ? 
  at that point it would be silly to remain if the damage is already done . 
  if the cost of leaving after a vote to leave has already been paid it would be sensible to continue . 
  cameron has squandered any potential political capital the uk may have had with the eu already anyway . 
  have n't so far so i do n't see why this would change now . 
  i mean what idiot does n't want short term financial gain for the people who are already the richest . 
  sounds fine to me . 
  vacuum cleaners ? 
  just waiting on the french to come round . 
  will centralisation happen without eliminating these regions though ? 
  i would hate more than anything for this to happen but in my eyes it already is . 
  again back to what i originally said about basic manners . 
  my comment was in regard to the original topic . 
  i was referring more to the politics than cultural identity but i suppose this does seem to have been off that point originally . 
  well it is someone attempting to insult you surely ? 
  i do n't imagine meeting someone and immediately starting to talk down their country could be considered polite or well mannered ? 
  it depends on the type of interactions you wish to have i guess . 
  yes there is a tribe that worships prince charles somewhere , i ca n't say many in the uk give that much of a toss though . 
  i mean it is symbolism for the country but at this point it all seems a little silly . 
  you do realise that is n't how the eu sees it do n't you ? 
  which parts of the eu do you wish were more like china or the us ? 
  i must admit it must be nice to feel that way about your elected politicians . 
  i am jealous . 
  encounter royal enthusiasts ? 
  you should probably report that kind of siting , i mean it would be good to confirm they are not yet extinct , though i do n't imagine many care for their conservation status . 
  unfortunately not this time !, 
  has sorted me out after a bit of an excessive weekend though . 
  that and there are far more pressing issues these days . 
  this could well be inflamed by a brexit i imagine . 
  you certain of your phrasing ? 
  we have not as far as i am aware had any parliamentarians vs royalist violence or even arguments for a fair time . 
  edit : also nicely diverted from actually countering my points as you have no argument other than your dislike . 
  well then it would make it clear to me the reason you do n't understand how hilarious your view on this matter is from the point of view of someone in the uk . 
  seriously have me giggling at the idea that anyone cares enough to try and change the line of succession . 
  you are surely not from the uk ? 
  which is completely ceremonial and has minimal power and has led to the development of a parliamentary system widely use around the globe . 
  so again , please tell me how one hereditary title is alien to the rest of humanity where exactly the same kind of hereditary power exists just not everyone gets to be crowned . 
  do you dispute this ? 
  totally my misreading , pub lunch was more important at the time tbh . 
  i have outed myself as a reactionary member of the public . 
  oh so you can list countries that match your fantasy then ? 
  where all children have no advantage or disadvantage based on the location of their birth , their parents , their parent 's parents , etc. 
  haha that is quick reading before a pub lunch for you !, 
  which part were you questioning ? 
  you are seriously deluded if you believe the majority of humanity has moved on from hereditary power .
