  it is the most attractive argument for remain i have heard also . 
  probably because it was a question directed at someone else ? 
  i was suggesting the person i responded to did n't know what the term brexit meant if they were questioning why a post in / europe would `` trigger '' such a person . 
  you understand what the term brexit means right ? 
  i hope not as that is an awful way to behave . 
  people voting leave have mostly just reached the end of their rope when it comes to the `` great potential '' of the eu . 
  to the eu for directing funds in ops direction . 
  not impartial in the slightest . 
  not sure if you believe that this is not an issue at all or you are agreeing that it is an issue ? 
  the bbc is very far from being impartial . 
  i do n't think the party name is bad but they do seem to have only really gotten that far . 
  i ca n't understand why anyone votes for them at all . 
  i have n't been raised on tribal politics though so maybe that is my problem . 
  calm down dear , i was n't singling out romanians , it was just that you asked where the people are and i answered you . 
  sleeping on the streets of london . 
  sounds like a carry on sketch . 
  there is high demand in the midlands so i would be surprised if there was not elsewhere , ca n't comment outside the uk . 
  go see your local council they will bite your hand off . 
  i have no idea i do n't really care to be honest . 
  i suppose you could call it a contradiction if it was n't attributable to an agenda rather than someone trying to base all their positions on some objective truth . 
  oh yes well i am totally with you on that . 
  to be honest i just want it one way or the other . 
  well i was unaware of johnson 's support for it but it does n't in my mind seem a contradiction to his position on the eu . 
  not too sure what you are saying here ? 
  the uk is not going to fully integrate now especially . 
  hence a referendum to leave ? 
  do you mean the uk or david cameron ? 
  top 5 ? 
  ca n't really say these are top or in any order but in addition to the lack of actual unity : * no desire for political integration . 
  * uk is not in the euro/eurozone and does n't look like that will ever happen . 
  * stricter/complete border control . 
  * potential to be more flexible with regards to trade without having to account for 27 other countries . 
  * turkey looking to be 29th member . 
  i agree it is selfish , why should it not be ? 
  i also agree that that a vote to remain will in no way resolve the issue and will only kick the can down the road . 
  you have described perfectly just one of the reasons to leave . 
  yeah that is why there is a referendum happening . 
  you must be joking if you think any politician in the uk would n't be hung , drawn and quartered for the direct suggestion of further integration with the eu . 
  what about eurovision is not shameful ? 
  i did n't realise taking it seriously was an option to be honest , i thought it was just somewhere that people that were too talent-less for xfactor or britain 's got talent went . 
  depends on who is in power and what people are voting on !, 
  it does n't . 
  well you say you do n't act rude but you obviously have a lot of issues inside that you believe you only vent on the internet . 
  ever thought maybe when you speak it is this that shines through rather than an accent ? 
  i mean you have yet to actually say anything that has been said that would actually constitute racism , i could be wrong ? 
  what racist behaviour are you talking about ? 
  yeah nowhere did i mention anything regarding any group of people . 
  i was specifically referring to you personally , just to be clear . 
  as i said , you obviously have problems . 
  you obviously are the issue from your response to be honest . 
  with that kind of attitude i imagine most people would not be terribly upset if it were impossible for you to enter . 
  your solid excuse is just to save yourself from the reality that you are you . 
  unfortunately for you that will not actually change in the event of the uk leaving . 
  it would seem that you are the one with the issue to be honest , you have n't actually said what your problem is with british people so i ca n't really say more regarding that issue . 
  why hold a referendum or just why democracy in general ? 
  why come to a country you dislike ? 
  might be why you do n't get along well with the natives . 
  what tone , going our separate way is exactly what people voting for brexit want ? 
  where is that and what are you doing in the uk ? 
  projecting ? 
  what do you mean that is exactly what i was referring to ? 
  for example those with criminal records ? 
  not advocating a ban for even minor offences but to have a government cracking down on non-eu migration so hard that people that would be desirable are literally being denied to reduce numbers does not seem to me to be a sensible migration policy . 
  you seem to be mistaking agreement for `` we can get out before it gets that far . 
  who shall be shortly leaving you to get on with it !, 
  it would n't be to close borders to the rest of europe , just those we decide we do n't like and do n't want here . 
  this seems like a sensible ask for most people in the uk so brexit seems like the solution . 
  why spend more than a few seconds responding to nonsensical arguments when i have previously and you just double down . 
  i wo n't block as your brainwashing has amused me for about ten minutes in total . 
  you seem to have forgotten which part was your argument and which was mine sigh . 
  unless your grammar is terrible and what you are saying is not what you are typing . 
  evidently your opinion is set . 
  did you read that article as i ca n't seem to find anything relating to the statement i responded to . 
  i was referring to their website [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/about/index_en.htm ) . 
  i would dispute your last statement and say i believe it is indeed the opposite . 
   every parliamentary system encourages civil discourse by the simple act of having a parliament where people can express their opinions . 
  disputable . 
  unless you really do live in a fantasy world . 
  this would seem to be an ideal that all politicians try to avoid at any and every turn . 
   the eu allows every country to pick and choose which opt outs and opt ins they want . 
  highly disputable . 
  considering the lack of ability for demands that would have comfortably won the referendum for cameron i have no idea where you have pulled this one from . 
  if you had said allows for negotiation i may have accepted this . 
  not that i believe the negotiations are not a foregone conclusion . 
   the eu 's motto is literally `` unity in diversity '' . 
  meaningless drivel that actually means nothing at all . 
   the rise of ukip and david cameron giving into conservative eurosceptic ( e.g. 
  a majority of conservatives ) pressure is what led to this referendum . 
  not sure what your point is here other than attempting to back away from the statement that this has nothing to do with the eu , regardless that the eu is the subject . 
  sigh , again citing your own beliefs as fact . 
  you are obviously far too invested in this world view you have formed to accept it may not be real . 
  i can sympathise as i have met people like this before , best off just to leave them to it ( as long as one vote does n't swing it remain ! ) . 
  me too !, 
  i would disagree but you are free to bury your head at well . 
  truth hurts and may taste salty . 
  edit : also top kek for reference your own statements as facts . 
  edit # 2 : why would you say that someone who is being paid for the eu campaigning to exit is relevant to your argument ? 
  more personal attacks ? 
  really feeling the full weight of your argument . 
  the one sentence was more than enough of a response to your fantasy world view .
