i am not really sure how to follow all that hot air to be honest . 
  you do realise this is the internet and not a university debating club ? 
  edit : we shall find out what exactly the majority opinion is soon regardless so there is something to look forward to . 
  that is an understatement . 
  that is what it looks like from this side also . 
  your comment itself already displays that you are unwilling to listen to an argument from anyone counter to your opinion . 
  i am fortunately optimistic of a win for the leave campaign , therefore feel no need to * attempt * an argument in which one side has already removed themselves from participating . 
  do n't you feel embarrassed that your argument is by your own terms school yard ? 
  or was the some special status granted to your words whereby they become facts when originating from yourself ? 
  so are you trying to tell me the status quo does n't benefit you and is actually a disadvantage i am confused ? 
  not sure why you are talking about my personal relationships to be honest ? 
  also we are waiting to find out if i am in the minority or not . 
  i am not sure i would agree the onus is on me to make the argument one way or the other but if you believe that anything you said here in any way constitutes a valid argument i have the following for you : the eu has been overwhelmingly negative for everyone in the uk on grounds of human rights , judicial accountability , healthcare reform , travel , trade and investment , the onus is on you as the person who wants to keep thestatus-quo to make a convincing argument . 
  in what way is that not an accurate representation of your response ? 
  please be explicit . 
  the eu - moon on a stick coming soon !, 
  what meaningless buzzwords have been used to convince you ? 
  i understand that people who are pro-eu have been convinced of the dream but i am voting to retain our democracy and remove an unneeded layer of politicians . 
  if i have to contribute a months pay then so be it !, 
  bargain . 
  i think what you meant to say is that you actually ca n't provide what i have asked you for . 
  i am having a lovely day the weather is a bit crap though . 
  hope you have a good day and think about your arguments a bit more . 
  i would also question the context of your ed sheeran and charlie manson comparison but i am unsure if you got that far when making that strawman . 
  not the majority of eu workers ? 
  can you actually show me where i did this ? 
  again they are both supranational organisations so even then they are something that can be at some level compared no ? 
  which statement did you feel was an exaggeration too far ? 
  it would seem fair to compare one supranational entity to another in my mind so this maybe where i am failing your litmus test . 
  so is your answer that you do indeed believe that you ca n't criticise the eu till it is worse than the ussr or not because your response seems to indicate both . 
  edit : did n't notice you were just jumping in but still my query stands . 
  ah so what you are saying is until things are worse than they have ever been anywhere no one can make an argument against what you perceive to be right and true ? 
  putting up with some unwanted regulation ? 
  what about putting up with demographic changes imposed from a supranational entity ? 
  or putting up with austerity because the currency union you are in does n't actually suit your country but it does others ? 
  how about voting for politicians based on a platform just to have that entire platform be declared incompatible with the eu and therefore fuck the democratic vote ? 
  having any america advise with regards to surrendering national sovereignty is always going to appear to be parody i am afraid . 
  they should n't it is an idiotic argument made to appeal to ego . 
  you really have no idea ? 
  the eu was built on a repeated lack of consent . 
  what planet are you on ? 
  you mean do the government of greece 's job for them ? 
  oh no how will the countries outside the eu ever survive . 
  top kek . 
  what reason is there to stay ? 
  well that depends on your point of view really . 
  this kind of intervention is beyond satire . 
  the chap was being kind and someone should have told the guy he was going to come off a tit . 
  what list ? 
  you do see the point though ? 
  also how one feels about how someone can gain citizenship in those eu countries also ? 
  so you are agreeing or what ? 
  i do n't condone cameron 's self importance but it is one of the main planks of the remain argument . 
  if he ca n't even display the imagined importance it is very much a humiliation . 
  so basically you set up a straw man and had a nice fight with it . 
  not sure what that actually had to do with what i was saying or if it was even an attempt to refute it ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  david cameron was indeed humiliated and it had nothing to do with johnson or farage . 
  wo n't know until we try !, 
  do you really not grasp the concept that immigration is not `` controlled '' if people ca n't be prevented entering the country on the basis of a eu passport ? 
  i think it is influenced by him not really being popular in the uk as far as i can tell . 
  i understand what both sides are saying but i do believe that unless done in a smart manner this could easily backfire . 
  because of iraq in many ways . 
  it may hold more weight from anyone but obama . 
  oh really ? 
  i know if the establishment has its way then you will be correct but one can live in hope . 
  so just do n't read and do n't make massive comments where you spend time looking up other articles on the subject ? 
  i am not telling you how to act but i would suggest your actions and desires are not aligned on this issue . 
  if you do n't care why all the salt ? 
  sorry that did n't read very well . 
  i meant that the amount of voters that the economic arguments would actually be relevant to are probably already fully convinced to vote remain simply because of this fact . 
  they do not need to be told . 
  whereas those wishing to leave are highly unlikely to benefit from the eu in this manner . 
  i could be completely wrong on this but this would seem to me to be the case . 
  so you did n't have one or what ? 
  not sure what you are trying to say or what the point of your link was ? 
  i think a big problem is that the economic argument is not relevant to a increasingly small amount of voters . 
  i do n't know why do n't you tell me why it should be illegal if that is what you are saying ? 
  [ did n't think tax competition was a secret ? 
  ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=tax+competition+in+the+european+union ) unless you define that as not actively trying to fuck other countries over ? 
  passively ? 
  oh dear , not sure how much more room there is for beds on the streets of london to be honest . 
  what do you mean ? 
  that is exactly what is happening . 
  it is surely the logical next step , not like tax competition in the eu has ended is it ? 
  which country in the eu is making decisions based on what is best for the eu rather than that country ? 
  you realise that despite what some say and believe the eu and germany are technically not one in the same ? 
  so even assuming your assessment of the long term future of german politics and the middle east we are still contending with another 26 members . 
  do you have your long term political assessments of these countries at hand ? 
  not saying you are convincing me around to your point of view but you do at least seem to be backing it up . 
  i am confused , are we talking about the eu or germany ? 
  also unless i am unaware of something these are complete up for change also ? 
  so once more i am not seeing how what you have said in anyway combats the point , we are talking about a long term choice , not a short term issue . 
  i do admire your optimism regarding the middle east at least . 
  i never mentioned anything specific so i do n't see the need for your straw man , regardless the point stands . 
  although i am interested as to what you think will actually happen if not citizenship ? 
  which to me is an indication of an issue with the current system , not an indication that i should therefore give it my full support . 
  in addition to this i do n't believe in democracy only when it suits , i agree that `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others '' . 
  moving away from democratic systems because i do n't agree with the majority of the populace to me seems to be hypocritical , disingenuous and generally just a poorly thought out position . 
  i do n't believe that there would be much change in 5 years at all , just that the uk would no longer be part of the eu .
