  i would have said it has objectively failed all expectation that were laid upon it . 
  actually probably was n't even planned that far in advance , he was just looking to win an election . 
  it is n't which is why the argument is a joke . 
  says a lot that the remain campaign has failed so badly in that case though , real shame . 
  so you agree that political union does n't suit the uk ? 
  jeremy corbyn was the final nail in the labour party . 
  i was questioning the better part actually . 
  i am aware some pencils have been rearranged . 
  what better deal ? 
  not sure if you believe that actually changes the meaning of the sentence ? 
  good job no one is actually trying to convince people to say then really is n't it ? 
  yeah there are a lot of people surprised they have failed this badly . 
  i understand you tried to make a point but there is no need to be upset that you failed . 
  you can just make a new account and attack someone else ? 
  or even me , whatever makes you feel bigger . 
  so not living in the past , just stereotypical ? 
  you are right i do not understand what you are on about not too sure you do either or if you actually read any of the comments you have responded too . 
  shame really . 
  well if you think that then european integration is a joke is n't it ? 
  living in the past how ? 
  it was a historical comparison ? 
  are you saying no one is able to reference something in the past with `` living in the past '' ? 
  well that depends on who you are talking to an what the subject is now does n't it . 
  i have heard it every which way . 
  you mean equally our politicians doing ? 
  we shall hopefully get to find out !, 
  why ? 
  you have just linked to something that in no way makes the point ? 
  ha ha labour winning 2020 , that is funny !, 
  so that was a no on the results ? 
  i do get where you are coming from with remain starting in the lead but it does look like the movement is towards leave and away from remain at the moment , will likely be close either way . 
  nearly two weeks is still a long time in politics . 
  may be that they do n't ? 
  seems unlikely with so many unemployable migrants to deal with but they may wish to cut off their nose to spite their face . 
  i understand that feeling completely , does seem counter to your view on how a brexit would play out though ? 
  they are voting for what they have been told is their best interests combine with the few that buy in the eu state . 
  in the event of a leave vote there will be more time for the migrant crisis to continue to play out in papers and television combined with the extreme likelihood of more mass casualty attacks . 
  there is a reason cameron has done this as soon as possible , the direction of travel is not towards favouring the eu . 
  i would be surprised if when it comes to that situation there is not a good size of the remain voters that would be against a free movement agreement , enough to offset any people that go the other way , of which i do very seriously doubt the existence . 
  oh you have the referendum results already ? 
  sounds like exactly what everyone expects . 
  they just do n't want to miss out on a well paid job after falling out of favour with voters . 
  free movement will lose them the next general election then . 
  i would be very surprised if the majority prioritized access over immigration but i could be wrong i guess . 
  if the party negotiating wants to lose in the next election they can just follow this to the letter . 
  well we are currently part of the eu , you ca n't underestimate the politicians self-interest . 
  willing to bet never . 
  nice to be reassured that our politicians wo n't be able to shaft us if they lose . 
  as i said , there is hope !, 
  not sure if you realise that this is a desperate attempt by remain supporters to prevent the increasingly likely exit . 
  would be for the best if we do n't manage to win the vote but it really is never going to happen . 
  looking like you may not have to worry about such things soon so there is hope !, 
  that would involve the uk and france to do the same thing . 
  not going to happen . 
  which proves what other than you have an id with your picture on it ? 
  that you have never committed a crime ? 
  you disagree ? 
  anyone that has to ask this question is to me stating that it is a likely possibility no ? 
  no but then again that was not what you asked now was it ? 
  how does it in any way prove that ? 
  if you have to ask then i would imagine it is likely . 
  passports ? 
  exactly as it is currently done ? 
  it is just for the people who do n't care and politicians think will be easily swayed to their view point . 
  it probably takes less than 4 minutes to register . 
  i have no idea , not been up close and personal with it . 
  from the distance i am at trump has better hair . 
  no not ever before in my life . 
  what is climate change ? 
  again your assurances of how exactly the future will play out are both heartening and frightening . 
  i am not sure how i should interpret the existence of a being with such power . 
  where do we send people with less talent than x-factor contestants then ? 
  is great faith in the words of erdogan wide spread in germany ? 
  ah well now that i have those assurances my opinion has completely changed . 
  they hold much more weight than reality i must say . 
  he has better hair . 
  you are talking about what they focus on not their reporting though ? 
  the one we currently exist in . 
  in what universe is clinton better than trump ? 
  i think it is a matter of opinion . 
  opinion ? 
  we will have to agree to disagree on that one , it has been many years since i thought of the guardian as having high , or medium , standards of any kind . 
  if i am not a criminal then the police should be leaving me alone , which they have managed to do for the good majority of my life . 
  in what way is me having an id card going to help them ? 
  well i did n't mean they had the same slant , just as suggested by the posted theory that despite their ideological opposition they are very similar , to the point i find it rather amusing . 
  i would n't agree . 
  hopefully not . 
  the crime has been committed already in that example . 
  is it good that people are willing to undercut local workers ? 
  up there with the guardian . 
  why should i ? 
  not having to present it on request ? 
  we can be funny though as we also like borders . 
  in my admittedly limited experience they ask for your name and phone the station to see if you have a warrant or anything against you . 
  shame the whole thing is a compete shambles is n't it . 
  half his party are against him and he has already stated he will step down . 
  the issue is that at the moment it does n't look like he will get the chance to step down before being given the boot . 
  that is the difference between political agendas and what politicians know will be acceptable to the electorate . 
  because you do n't trust the people you suggest conspiring with as far as you can throw them ? 
  easily bribed ?
