  women in the workplace ? 
  because if that is not the case then why are you deliberating ignoring the point ? 
  so eu free movement is only allowed for those with a job in the nhs ? 
  i missed this . 
  cut faster than growth is stifled would be my guess . 
  it would seem the complete opposite of sense ? 
  would seem to validate the accusation would it not ? 
  it just needs to keep on as it is at the moment . 
  maybe expand a bit on your logic there ? 
  it seems like that would be the exact opposite of the case no ? 
  so it did pay ? 
  oh i agree that the uk should be out of the eu , i was just curious as to what you would say a political union should do if not benefit members . 
  this disconnect does seem to illustrate the difference in expectations though . 
  are we going with the idea it should serve no one or am i missing something ? 
  the uk never paid ? 
  yes it is , which has thankfully finally been recognised . 
  is there anything i can do to resolve your need for the last word without allowing it ? 
  yup i am the one that is salty here lol . 
  i will admit that here you have gone so far into incoherence that i truly am not sure what response will not generate further salty responses . 
  i am not sure why you keep asserting your pity ? 
  is this an argument or are you just attempting to soothe your feelings after being unable to come up with anything resembling a counter ? 
  keep telling yourself it is trash talk and you may actually believe it . 
  you should be able to . 
  because you obviously have severe emotional issues that are unlikely to serve you well in the long term . 
  please get help . 
  la la la la not listening la la la, 
  i was actually asking a question but i guess your denial speaks for itself . 
  seems a little rich for you to accuse others of being childish , no ? 
  your judgement that this is the most serious threat to the eu ? 
  carry on . 
  there will not be a second referendum . 
  not that i am really against the idea as i do believe leave would win by a larger margin . 
  it does however seem pointless and would hinder rather than help . 
  the uk has been holding the eu hostage ? 
  not saying i disagree , just saying that is the explanation . 
  always has been really . 
  how can you expect a higher standard of behaviour from others if you ca n't meet the standard yourself ? 
  where are you seeing this sentiment ? 
  i must say it has been rather relaxed near me . 
  makes sense does n't it ? 
  if you are in a democracy the people in charge might care what the electorate think ? 
  nice to see that this issue is n't just local to the uk . 
  not sure that would get the kids to eat vegetables . 
  remains to be seen if any of the parties or politicians can actually walk the walk though . 
  i would say that it would not be accepted and any government proposing it would be gone very quickly , just the feeling from a majority leave area . 
  if there was a plan for leaving then they would n't have been able to label it as being a complete leap into the dark . 
  did n't realise this was not already the case ? 
  pretty sure my butchers sell in pounds . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  sorry are you saying that is why the uk left or why the survey says what it does ? 
  by making sure i do n't go below 90 or above 180 ? 
  at this point i am ambivalent . 
  if the government with the conservatives in power tried to avoid leaving the eu then i would suspect that would result in the destruction of the conservative party as we are currently seeing with labour . 
  unfortunately that might permanently kick the issue into the long grass and mean the uk does n't leave . 
  i am not sure if this would be worth it just to see the end of the conservatives . 
  which political decisions are you referring to ? 
  does seem a bit rich . 
  good luck with that . 
  so you think campaigning should be banned . 
  then you also go on to say that decoupling politics from accountability is dangerous , but it would see you are in favour of the eu ? 
  pull the other one . 
  i did , not one mention of them at all . 
  unless you are saying you regularly respond with something you completely disagree with and never post something that relates to your own opinion , in which case , apologies . 
  love your utter disregard for the electorate . 
  if he has campaigned and won the referendum then how is that not seeing it through to the end ? 
  see what through to the end if you are talking about something else ? 
  how should a campaigner replace the government without an election ? 
  we live in hope !, 
  not when they voted incorrectly . 
  in what way is it not ? 
  do you not believe people should be allowed to campaign for their beliefs ? 
  where did you learn that ? 
  when did humanity decide to take up the notion of responsibility ? 
  nothing so far , will keep you updated !, 
  something had to be done at some point , not many people are happy with the current state of politics and any move towards a change in that is seen as a good thing . 
  remains to be seen how it pans out . 
  certainty vs uncertainty ? 
  which was not done because the politicians did not want the public to vote leave . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  however if no one is actually willing to argue the case then it really does n't matter what the reality is ? 
  i agree it was stupid from the viewpoint of a politician that wishes to ignore the electorate and make choices based solely on short term economic benefits . 
  the ones who have not been forced out or chosen to move ? 
  they also did n't want people to vote leave . 
  otherwise we shall have to leave the single market . 
  hahahahahahahahaha, 
  i am not sure how you think your second part of the statement is not stating the obvious ? 
  why does no one actually argue the point then ? 
  the idea is that if the uk is not forced to accept freedom of movement then the whole project is over as other member states realise it is possible . 
  you mean judging by the people that were most supportive of remain are saying ? 
  i would n't put too much stock in that load of wishful thinking . 
  most people are rather overjoyed . 
  what are you on about ? 
  you asked what you were missing , i answered . 
  trying to then reinterpret my answer does n't seem to be in anyway sensible but i guess if you wish to miss the point that is up to you . 
  it would seem that you are only in the opinion then . 
  when was it you realised that the eu is only beneficial economically ? 
  that people in the uk do not want to be governed by the eu regardless of what happens . 
  bye bye single market !, 
  they loose horrendously ? 
  i think you are unlikely to have ever spoken to a leave voter if that is your judgement .
