  so economic laws are fact , i had n't realised this to be honest . 
  how do you determine precedence when dealing with laws that oppose/contradict ? 
  i am aware of bodmas but i have no equivalent for economics . 
  i agree on both the contributory welfare and a treaty which allows for deportation . 
  these are not currently something that seems even remotely possible though unfortunately . 
  you seem to have either misunderstood or ignored my point ? 
  i got exactly what you were saying , just curious as to your worldview if you find this state of affairs to be so alien to the entirety of human reality . 
  could be ? 
  so it also could not be ? 
  how about the potential for the world to end tomorrow ? 
  it could happen you know . 
  well you ca n't be in the bbc and not spout government propaganda so it is understandable . 
  in what way would you say this differs from the reality of life ? 
  i would n't say elected leaders are needed so much as if there are people who believe in their own importance so much that they should direct the affairs of everyone then we may as well vote on which one ends up on top . 
  so where am i buying from when i buy goods from china ? 
  is that the main issue ? 
  i had thought that it had been a nice straw man constructed by cameron that he might fight . 
  what problems are solved by this out of interest ? 
  what a crying shame , what would we do with leaders with less of a reason to believe in their own importance . 
  more thought out also . 
  so you ca n't sell to the eu if you are not part of political union ? 
  right so france has no problem with a shanty town in calais , i guess a resident like yourself is better placed to judge as i have no first hand sources . 
  still my point stands , they can cross the channel and we can say no , not that complicated as i see it . 
  yeah well they are a problem for anyone going through calais currently which makes it a uk problem . 
  if france does n't care to resolve the issue then it would seem a change is necessary . 
  does n't need the impending in that case . 
  so your point is that if the uk leaves we can say no fuck off rather than let them harass the citizens of both the uk and france at the border ? 
  you must really be buying into this idea that migrants creating a camp to try get into the uk would get to the uk and set up another similar camp . 
  why would they possibly do this once they have reached their desired destination ? 
  i am genuinely confused at this whole concept . 
  yes well if we leave it to france we ca n't really complain about a terrible job being done . 
  please do !, 
  i would fear that there would be even more eu propaganda on the continent though so unlikely to get us an out result !, 
  we are trying here i promise !, 
  you do make a rather good point . 
  internet ethics seems like an oxymoron i am afraid . 
  down votes show they care so i guess i am still winning in a certain respect , strange how they had no counter point to offer . 
  what ? 
  is that so , i had been unable to tell to be honest . 
  i am planning to vote based on more structural beliefs over media commentary . 
  things worth doing are rarely easy eh . 
  you mean into the eu ? 
  the status quo is rather quickly unraveling at the moment though no ? 
  can you read and if so please how did you interpret my words in idiot ? 
  you seem to be getting morality mixed in with your politics and money there . 
  the center is rather nice and a fair few nice pubs !, 
  what is a funny comedian like you doing here ? 
  uk language teaching in school is beyond a joke . 
  would be that the uk is not part of the eu political system ? 
  all british meps are out of a job , no excuses for mps who attempt to shift blame to the eu for their own failure , border control ( i know the eu will attempt to retain this control and it will likely not be immediate ) . 
  i have no problem with the eu setting trade standards and saying you must match these to sell but i see no reason the entirety of the uk should be bound by regulations if they do not interact with the eu . 
  yes that would be the point . 
  i am glad to know it is comical to others also . 
  if labour still represented a portion of the electorate i would agree , at the moment they seem to be trying to reorient themselves to actually decide who they want to vote for them . 
  in what way please explain , i really do not understand the concept of not being in the eu means isolation i really do n't . 
  what actual barriers are we talking about ? 
  though i guess we may see things differently as i have never realistically heard of globalisation of a positive for actual people . 
  you are right , just the conservatives still have an electoral base . 
  yeah fair enough i think i like the idea of corbyn as a lefty but he does n't seem likely to ever be able to compromise in the way a leader would , maybe that is just what i have been fed by various sources though . 
  as i have said elsewhere my main issue with burnham is that he just does n't actually seem to have any passion for anything , even the top job as leader of the party if i am honest . 
  not that i am even against burnham but he appears to believe in absolutely nothing . 
  he looks sharp enough in a suit and can speak well but he has no passion and it really shows . 
  yeah sadly true not sure if anyone is completely at fault but at this point the labour party would appear to be over as one of the parties of government . 
  ca n't say i see any value out of any labour politicians currently with regards to forming a party to govern or form an opposition . 
  i certainly admire corbyn for his lefty principles in a certain sense and i would have hoped to see some mps form around him and make a strong showing . 
  to be honest i view labour as in terminal decline , they have no real electorate anymore and have no idea who they actually want to represent . 
  you mean the shadow cabinet ? 
  i am not sure andy burnham could lead someone down a well lit straight corridor without turning around a couple of times along the way . 
  not arguing he does n't have integrity and passion , but the idea that labour are currently forming any kind of opposition is pretty laughable no ? 
  got to say that is a bit of a strong statement . 
  the control on external eu migration is extremely aggressive due to the complete inability to control eu migration in any form , leading to a completely insane immigration policy . 
  completely the wrong impression . 
  no problem with immigration in general but the idea that we should be unable to prevent people from coming to the uk based on anything as they have an eu passport is not something i believe many people in the uk buy into . 
  in addition to this as there is no possibility of limiting or in anyway controlling eu migration there is an extremely aggressive attack on non-eu migration in any form , this is simply not a sensible approach . 
  with regards to your eastern european plumbers comment i think this has been completely wiped from much of the public consciousness by the migrant crisis and the realisation that some locals being outdone pale in comparison to what we are now seeing and will see in the future . 
  you are surely joking ? 
  please provide examples of all these countries complying 100 % with the eu . 
  are you truly confused or just being a twat ? 
  if one thinks the lie hard enough reality will conform . 
  you have to understand eu doublethink to get it . 
  i guess this is something we wo n't agree on . 
  if the eu wishes for ever closer union you would think the heads of the eu should be talking to the electorate in each and every country directly surely ? 
  not become even more divorced from people than the current national leaders are . 
  why is not being in the eu splendid isolation i really do not understand . 
  it is just politics , i have no interest in voting to support the ever greater expansion of a political system . 
  i am more than happy for massive upheaval , the current political class is in no way fit for purpose . 
  i think the uk electorate are more than happy to get rid of any potential scapegoats . 
  not sure exactly what you were getting at but my point was that there is no actual argument that really counters the point as it is true , one can agree to disagree on exactly what constitutes sovereignty or the value of sovereignty over just the uk but that is hardly a witty riposte . 
  in what manner ? 
  seems to be perfectly democratic as earlier explained ? 
  ignorance is no excuse . 
  ah very fortunate , i had a vote yesterday and all of your money is now mine , the vote was only my 1 for vs 0 against so it is a shame you did n't turn up , oh well i do love me some democracy !, 
  if one does n't demand special treatment that is available to you do you think that would be a good decision ? 
  ah i now see that you are a few sandwiches short , my apologies . 
  did you like the nice song ? 
  voter turnout count for anything in your books ? 
  it does n't exactly give them the stamp of democracy either now does it ? 
  considering that the eu elections are far lower than that i would have to question the honestly of anyone who thinks this is not a problem . 
  i mean the eu will not even campaign for the elections or the upcoming referendum , would not indicate that they feel the lower the turnout the less chance they are opposed ? 
  just to be clear exactly what is it that the uk should care about according to you ?
