  no one in the vatican 's large underground prison is old enough to vote though surely ? 
  at least someone gets it . 
  not even worth the air it is spoken with was the prevailing view on that offer . 
  he has been keeping quiet . 
  you have completely lost me i am afraid . 
  not exactly sure if you understand i was responding to your question , rhetorical as it seemed . 
  please enlighten me . 
  what are you on about ? 
  ah well with that knock down argument the whole situation is resolved . 
  where were you during the campaign ? 
  to which people are you referring ? 
  specificity if you please . 
  just a taste . 
  would be funny to see it attempted i will give you that !, 
  because the entire government was against it and the vote has completely destroyed pretty much the entire political establishment ? 
  not sure of that , boris seems more ambitious than throwing in the towel that quickly but i guess that remains to be seen . 
  need a lozenge ? 
  so in this situation it is fortuitous we are talking about a political union and not a baby ? 
  unless i missed your point ? 
  well i ca n't say i have an opinion on comparison . 
  just surprised me to see that given as a description . 
  yes it is undesirable , unless the water is poison , the baby is dead and you do n't want to inhale the fumes . 
  praise free movement !, 
  poles are docile ? 
  i know you are being sarcastic but if anyone thinks it is a shitshow at the moment just wait till a politician tries to sell any deal involving free movement . 
  if the next pm did that they would not be pm for long . 
  nice dream . 
  allowing free movement will not happen . 
  any politician that agreed to that would be writing their resignation letter . 
  ca n't force others to join and destroy nation states if you do n't hold anything to ransom now can you ? 
  to me it just makes it plainly obvious that even those in charge do n't think there is any benefit but the single market . 
  seems to change depending on the situation . 
  if this happens it will only be until the next leave vote , ca n't see the eu going for that again . 
  is this supposed to be parody ? 
  is free movement a privilege or obligation ? 
  everything . 
  they should resign . 
  this seems like the only legitimate way they could go about this at the moment . 
  possibly elect a remain tory as the new pm would have the same effect , does n't seem that likely at the moment though . 
  so less than european stocks ? 
  so the eu is less united ? 
  it lasted much longer than a decade !, 
  nice to finally see a turn around . 
  are you talking about the uk leaving or everyone else not leaving ? 
  i would n't trust a 16 year old with a duck let alone a vote . 
  yes she definitely was not after another referendum in any case regardless . 
  it depends what result you want . 
  if you want a leave vote then they would indeed have been meddling . 
  if remain is your preference then you would want the input and `` solidarity '' of members of the project no ? 
  only one option has the possibility . 
  yeah i mean what hope is there when people use last week tonight as a source of information to make a decision on a referendum . 
  i am not sure what to say if you feel that is equivalent . 
  really ? 
  i would say this is false and i think considering the leave argument is basically about national identity a campaign focusing on eu nationality would have been far more successful than the current remain shit show . 
  please re-read my comment and re-answer once you understood what was written . 
  would appear to be the first eu leader that wants the uk to remain . 
  it all depends on if you want a brexit or not . 
  i think people are just suggesting that orban does appear to want to avoid a brexit when compared to other eu leaders . 
  considering they are trying to win an emotional argument they could have picked their words better . 
  if they are actually wanting a brexit then they picked the perfect things to say . 
  depends whether you are interested in refuting arguments made by campaigners or campaigning for remain to win ? 
  the whole referendum is about emotion . 
  did you miss this ? 
  she did ? 
  if remain wins then he is a member of the governing body , or so . 
  in this sense i feel it is more than valid for him to have an input . 
  quite possibly his biggest mistake if he wants a remain vote . 
  indeed , rather funny that orban is the only one who seems to have managed a positive message . 
  i do n't think that is true . 
  what are you referring to out of interest as i would agree with the sentiment that it is surprising late in the campaign for this to be the first positive message for remain , not sure why this was n't the thrust of the remain campaign to start with . 
  the mistake here was anybody that actually wants the uk to remain listening to a single thing from cameron . 
  i ca n't say that the obama intervention is even close to another eu leader intervening . 
  that anyone would think it is just shows the failure of integration . 
  i knew it !, 
  they do n't get the same brainwashing ? 
  ah i was looking at it more from a serious criticism point of view . 
  hmm that is a fair point , now i am not sure which is worse . 
  in what way would you say this tactic is superior to calling someone a `` poopy head '' ? 
  the problem would appear to be a lack of any argument to otherwise use . 
  in such a circumstance many seem rather happy for any argument they can come up with . 
  some do . 
  you imagine farage has great respect for a commissioner ? 
  it is 2016 . 
  most of his show would probably fall apart if it tried to give a fair shout to both sides i imagine . 
  now come on i am not sure he is that bad !, 
  a bit rich is exactly what i was thinking . 
  obviously more than the eu is capable of . 
  i was talking from the point of view of convincing voters to remain . 
  for leave voters this is great . 
  if the argument for remain ca n't even be made as it will actually work against remain then there is no hope at all is there ? 
  which i would say is fair if you support a leave vote . 
  if you support remain then surely the silence of european leaders is deafening at this point ? 
  i have to say that this is the most positive remain endorsement i have seen up until this point ? 
  why ? 
  it is the most positive remain support i have seen !, 
  one can only hope . 
  not a bad idea but it would give mps more respect and attention than they deserve . 
  it has managed to go from what was thought to be a sure win to polls stating the momentum is with the opposition . 
  it has in no way communicated anything positive at all about its position despite being supported by a large majority of politicians . 
  i could be wrong but so far i am not sure what else would have to happen with the remain campaign to make it a failure if it is n't already .
