  so a ukip candidate then ? 
  still an obvious attempt to mislead . 
  the bbc is a complete joke , the idea that they are in any way neutral is as laughable as it is false . 
  it has become an argument not easily refuted . 
  not being in schengen or the euro . 
  what about when you realise that the eu is the darkness ? 
  does n't sound like a terrible idea at the moment , i mean i have seen world war z so i can see how they are not the ultimate defense , seems like a reasonable start . 
  it is far too late for this to be a solution now . 
  from a german perspective it is a workable solution , from the rest of europe it is more of a ' i would n't touch it with a barge pole . ', 
  solution . 
  that is not actually a workable solution you do realise ? 
  saying it is so more often does n't increase the chances that this will spontaneously become reality . 
  also with supporting an idea and carrying out the idea . 
  indeed . 
  usually the labour party ( in recent years ) has been very pro-eu . 
  now this party has collapse and so the eurosceptic narrative has lost its opposition was my point . 
  i am of the opinion that it is good to hear all sides of an argument so i would n't wish to deny eurosceptics but the side in favour has no strong voice currently . 
  leading to a one sided narrative . 
  do n't blame the conservatives too much , they are just not sure how to act now that labour has collapsed . 
  what logic ? 
  i think at this point you are right . 
  obama and cameron do n't appear thick as thieves like blair and bush . 
  i do n't think a free , independent , prosperous and strong nation should need to be told what to do by no political institution . 
  i am a free and prosperous nation that do n't need no eu !, 
  seems like a fair assessment , of the situation to be honest . 
  though i am not sure the general public would know what was meant if they heard the term free movement anyway . 
  does that not depend on which side you are on regarding internal politics ? 
  so no consequences of consequence ? 
  so with regards to this the eu has had no effect ? 
  you will find the idea of european federalism does n't exist and has never existed if this helps the argument at hand , otherwise it was the obvious overriding principle of the entire eu . 
  i had been interesting watching politicians dance around this point . 
  lol someone sounds bitter and angry , which seems strange but oh well . 
  hope you feel better . 
  seems to me that voting to stay would seal our fate . 
  when you put it in those terms it does actually sound favorable . 
  it is just a nice easy way to try and shut down discussion . 
  would you agree that the do n't knows and remain voters are more likely to not vote on the day ? 
  by the campaign you mean the description provided by the establishment on the leave campaign ? 
  i am not commanded at the moment so i had n't thought on it much ? 
  who do you think will command me if the uk leaves the eu ? 
  what difference does it make to the electorate if jobs they will not get go to a different location ? 
  i think you will find little sympathy from most of the uk electorate for people claiming benefits at this point . 
  trump is running for us president not eu president . 
  i was referring to your comment of taking things at face value and buying in to what is being said . 
  no one is faulting immigrants for looking for good wages . 
  the government is indeed being blamed , hence the desire for brexit which is counter to the desires of pretty much the whole ( career ) political class . 
  the only people that i can see buying in to any of this is european politicians , that seems to be mostly due to ideology . 
  the idea that anything cameron is asking for is excessive is laughable in the uk . 
  he was thinking that there was no way the conservatives would have to deliver on the referendum pledge . 
  the rest is just standard behavior of an essay crisis . 
  your talking as if this whole process is n't a farce . 
  any reason in particular ? 
  that definitely appears to be true for a lot of politicians . 
  a lot of the cabinet would be up on charges . 
  much . 
  am i understanding correctly from your comment that you have never attended a history lesson in a uk state school ? 
  i think the point was more why anyone picking up and being shocked is a mystery to some . 
  not sure if you are deliberately missing the point or trying to be funny as you literally say sure there are differences but you do n't see why there is n't a common identity as you think all the differences should be ignored ? 
  i understand the basic concept here , yet i have not seen this contrasted against the opposing view that germany being open may help in the short term but also acts as a long term draw . 
  i am not saying this would be better but it just seems as logical to me ? 
  so germany is acting in the best interests of greece ? 
  but the truth does n't paint germany as the eu saint , so you can see how this narrative is problematic . 
  hahahahahahaha, 
  so you are not even attempting to combat the point ? 
  additional example : eu . 
  it smells to me of people buying what politicians are selling without realising it has nothing to do with them except for trying to appeal to ego . 
  surprised you would say this to be honest , farage seems to come off as a more suitable leader than other party leaders . 
  out of interest what is it about farage you dislike ? 
  see austerity does fix everything . 
  also it is 5000 outside our border , rather than inside . 
  irrevocable - not able to be changed , reversed , or recovered ; final . 
  are you not from the uk ? 
  you do n't find it even slightly funny that you are using ` despite what people believe ... ' to counter points that oppose your own beliefs ? 
  so perfect practice for the eu then ? 
  if the eu ca n't survive without turkey then it should n't survive . 
  closer than it has been at any point in recent memory . 
  agreed in the long run a split now is probably the best result . 
  yes it is just a higher minimum wage and i ca n't forecast its impact . 
  i was just referring to the fact that it should remove benefits from people in work and therefore make the whole point of removing said benefits meaningless . 
  would this be key information not collected and the non existent external borders ? 
  as a replacement/alternative for the minimum wage , supposed to be a wage which someone can comfortably live on . 
  according to sources i have seen this will basically remove benefits being paid to people in work , therefore this whole benefits issue has been conjured up as something that can be ` solved ' while actually having no practical effect . 
  rather tickled me . 
  you do realise that this is a political football and will make no difference once the living wage is introduced ? 
  i mean to me it looks like the eu is categorically against nation states ? 
  so gratitude should outweigh democracy ? 
  it is nice that some people on this board have some sense . 
  no one is really locked in at the moment as a date has not been set . 
  is that not what you said ? 
  you actually think this line of thought makes sense ? 
  that being against integration means the best way to get your point across is to cease all opposition till it is irreversible then try and change it ? 
  do they ? 
  it seems that those that wish to remain are the ones bleating on about influence . 
  i would really rather politicians in the uk focus on domestic problems than dick waving on the continent to prove their importance to themselves . 
  so what you are saying is that in your view world domination is not just justified but actually the final solution ? 
  would of said this was a relatively minor amount of money being pissed away in the grand scheme of things . 
  build the wall !, 
  aye there is n't much in it though . 
  however you are told to feel by the eu presumably ? 
  are they not europeans now ?
