  i think this is , more than anything , the main problem at the moment - the euro is working for rich countries like germany , but not less developed ones . 
  it is too inflexible . 
  combine this with issues like the migrant crisis ( where distasteful deals with turkey have been used as a temporary fix ) , the fatigue of continuing to bail out banks , lack of ` real ' fiscal rules around europe ( leading to previous financial debt crises ) europe is at a crossroads . 
  individual countries must submit to the eu and transfer sovereignty and stand in active solidarity or the project must be rethought from the start . 
  just my view though . 
  i 'm just a dude . 
  i 'm not brexiter , but i think the eu has some pretty massive problems that have n't really been solved . 
  just because the eu united against the uk does n't mean those issues go away . 
  not a brexiteer , but ... 
  i saw an article , effectively saying german exports to countries in eu are all paid in lieu of actual cash . 
  so germany is effectively subsidising much of continent with its trade surplus . 
  uk is unique in that it actually pays immediately for goods t buys from germany , and therefore pretty essential to their continued financial health . 
  i wish i could find the article but alas , google fu is failing me . 
  hmmm , apparently not ... 
  come on dude , immigration is a valid concern even if it 's one we do n't share , and with the eu freedom of movement is mandatory . 
  yes , but as is often the case in poor countries , populism is a strong thread that ties the government to a lot of these bad investments . 
  there is n't the political will or capital to rid themselves of these deadweights because it is often tied to a load of public sector jobs , where everybody will strike if they 're given a worse deal . 
  under bankruptsy proceedings there is an excuse - they point to the banks and say , `` we ca n't pay them , we all have to tighten our belts so we can survive etc etc '' . 
  so yes , i agree , they probably would get a better price if they were n't forced , but it 's also possible they would n't be able to sell them without being forced to . 
  australia have twice as many immigrants per capita than the uk . 
  points based migration systems result in higher migration , not lower . 
  ports were high on the list i believe . 
  it 's pretty standard fare when the imf bails a country out . 
  it kinda makes sense - get rid of bloated bits of infrastructure that could produce valuable tax receipts in private hands . 
  he pushed the bullets through his own gut . 
  it 's in this bbc article - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-37108833 i do n't know what you 're referencing with regards to jason kenny . 
  i loved how salty the french cycling coach was with his '' # ycling '' tweet . 
  i wonder how many will stay up as a morbid epitaph to when the funding stopped . 
  biggest/smallest , most beautiful/ugliest , most innovative/most regressive ... 
  i need requires new laws while the other does n't ? 
  i do n't see how my point about ignoring a not-legally-binding referendum on something is the same as legislating against a political party being represented in n parliament . 
  laws are overturned by courts as being inconsistent . 
  i do n't think any legal expert would agree that is legal . 
  plus , the referendum was non-binding . 
  so i 'm advocating a party ignore a non-binding referendum . 
  yes , and i 'm going to try and vote for a party that will block that . 
  i do n't know why you think i 'm being inconsistent . 
  well , we disagree there . 
  i think brexit is a terrible idea and advocate any legal ways necessary to block it . 
  exercising my right to vote for a party which disagrees with what you think is democracy , and the system we currently have . 
  democracy is where people can vote what they want , however unpalatable to your sensibilities those decisions are . 
  ukips raison d'\u00eatre was to get the uk out of the eu . 
  i do n't see why people who want the uk to stay ca n't have a political party that advocates on their behalf , even if they are a minority . 
  meh , never been a fan of democracy , though that is my personal view and absolutely not one held by even a tiny sect of remain voters . 
  that something like this was put into a referendum in the first place illustrates my point in my opinion . 
  like gallagher said - why are you asking me about something i know nothing about ? 
  leave it to the experts . 
  so they can guarantee another two years in government and get the economy right before the next election in 2021 or 2022 , that way they can get another term . 
  i do n't agree i 'm afraid . 
  a smart tory leader would call an election before the year is out , and with the current turmoil in the labour party and that the tory 's can say `` you wanted a referendum , you got one and we 're taking the uk out of the eu '' that will garner a huge number of votes . 
  if they do it before leaving the eu really bites the average person economically , it 'll be a tory majority imo . 
  well our definitions of `` large majority '' differ significantly then . 
  tory 's will win the next election . 
  48 % thought it was a bad idea . 
  i guess a slim majority is enough to fuck the country for a few generations !, 
  nope , scotland are overwhelmingly pro-eu . 
  not only that but rejection of independence was sold on the grounds they would get more devolved powers and remaining in the eu - neither of which is happening . 
  sorry , do n't agree . 
  if someone says `` i will do x if you elect me '' and they then do n't do it , you can complain . 
  market will respond to what they think the currency is worth and increase it 's value to establish equilibrium . 
  the euro is devalued relative to germany because the eu is so big and full of such poor countries that it 's value is pushed up by germany , but down by poorer countries like bulgaria , romania , croatia etc. 
  edit : alright bulgaria , romania and croatia are n't in the euro . 
  my bad . 
  but still , poorer countries pull it down in value . 
  perhaps , but china has a massively undervalued yuan to boost imports to grow their economy as much as possible , so some countries do suppress their currency . 
  plus , germany is sufficiently rich that things like food , fuel and housing are more than affordable for somebody earning the mean income . 
  it does n't matter whether it 's inside or out . 
  the trade surplus is built on the fact that the euro is worth less than it would be were germany using the dm . 
  goods are cheaper to buy from germany than constructing a factory and staffing it in , for arguments sake , romania . 
  that way , the industrial development of germany is entrenched and unemployment continues higher in the poorer countries . 
  i think here lies the rub . 
  germany are loving the eurozone because it gives them a way to have a currency which is hugely undervalued for exports , meaning they crush all manufacturing in the eu . 
  huge qol boost for germany , massive unemployment in less developed areas . 
  if the euro was valued where it should be for germany , it would be worth ~ 30 % more than it is currently if imf reports are to be believed . 
  ok so if you really think a russian buk launcher did n't bring down the mh17 i ca n't help you . 
  it 's been traced to a specific regiment in russia , the 53rd anti-aircraft missile brigade in kursk . 
  there is photographic evidence of it being moved . 
  if you 're his deluded , you are so brain damaged reasoning with you further is pointless . 
  but as a concept , an international organisation that shields whistleblowers from nefarious people . 
  assange is a real piece of shit for corrupting it into a cult of personality , but outside of that it 's a cool idea . 
  i 'll give the book a look - thanks for the recommendation . 
  monarch is different - she holds no power . 
  in fact she is forbidden from interfering in any affairs . 
  there was a scandal because prince charles wrote some letters asking about fringe issues like fishing rights to the pm , but was ignored to no consequence . 
  it 's shit being gay in russia - insecure politicians and boorish yobs look to beat you up . 
  saudi is irrelevant and i do n't condone what they do either . 
  i do not represent the uk government , only my opinion . 
  yeah , a bunch of soldiers with no insignias managed to invade and occupy huge swaiths of the infrastructure , carrying assault rifles only used by the russian military . 
  this was followed by full blown military occupation and a russian backed referendum to legitimise this invasion after the fact . 
  there is huge amounts of evidence that russian military units are in ukraine , including a report by the dutch safety board which concluded it was brought down by a buk launcher operated only by the russian federation . 
  also bellingcat has good info on this if you have n't read up on it . 
  there have been prisoner swaps between ukraine and russia , and russian soldiers dying whose families have n't been told . 
  for god sake , putin himself said he had troops in east ukraine !, 
  you must have a brain injury if you believe any different . 
  nothing wrong with pointing out the economy is mismanaged to shit and is a bad cold away from being venezuela . 
  also , you managed to imply uk should n't have relations with saudi - is that one of the things that is n't off-limits , or should i be telling you to get out of our affairs ? 
  if you look at any press freedom index , russia ranks significantly below western countries . 
  additionally , two of the main tv channels is owned by the government , and the third is owned by gazprom . 
  why do i need to go and live in russia and read their papers and watch their tv ? 
  or is this the same school of thought that `` if i do n't see it , it does n't exist '' ?
