the net effect of the tariff is simply to offload the cost of the produce from the supermarket shelf to the consumer . 
  overall the consequence is the same . 
  you 're right - the polls projected labour would get more than they did and the conservatives less . 
  with polling data like we 're seeing , how could it possibly get any worse ? 
  you 're right - that one thing those guys did means corbyn is clearly our lord and saviour ( pbuc ) . 
  in an age where jobs are n't guaranteed , why are we guaranteeing them within the eu to farmers ? 
  in 2011 it represented $ 50 bn , almost half of the entire eu budget , going to agricultural subsidies . 
  including price supports , it 's over $ 100 bn . 
  absolutely absurd . 
  carbon neutral coal power lol . 
  tariffs are protectionist and ultimately harmful to the consumer . 
  one of my few major gripes with the eu . 
  makes me really proud to see things like this . 
  all very well taking immigrants left right and centre , investing in development in other countries is equally important !, 
  russian gdp is $ 15k , while in the late 90 's it was less than $ 1500 . 
  russia wo n't be destroyed , that 's dumb , and hilarious . 
  not everything is a case of 100 % fine or 100 % fucked , it will lie somewhere in the middle . 
  as someone who lives in a 44 m ^ 2 flat , that sounds to die for . 
  one of the reasons property in london is because you have ` green belt ' land all around it . 
  these are fields where development is n't allowed , meaning as more and more people go to london , the squeeze on what 's available goes up and up . 
  classic low supply , high demand . 
  does n't help that foreign money is now flooding into the speculative market , but we 'll never have enough houses to satisfy the demand . 
  dead in < 1 second . 
  if i had a choice i 'd opt for it . 
  we need the space !, 
  they 're not in government , so i think that will work to their advantage . 
  also , labour retained some semblance of centre ground ( some policies of which were gobbled up by the conservatives in their june budget ) . 
  however , there will be a going political space between labour and conservative at the next election so i can say personally that if he is leader i will categorically not be voting labour in 2020 . 
  if corbyn wins its a real possibility of lib dems coming second imo . 
  if they position themselves in the centre of stupidly left wing labour and the conservatives that 's plenty of votes to pick up . 
  but nazis bro . 
  exactly . 
  the uk is n't part of the eurozone for this very reason . 
  aye , but it seems that this situation relies on compromise and rational actors and such . 
  seems like trying to come to any sort of agreement relies ultimately on everyone following through on their promises , and with one party refusing to be held to prior agreements i do n't see how that could work . 
  i was just kind of wondering aloud if varoufakis had miscalculated how much damaging the trust of the eurozone would impact getting a deal . 
  is lack of trust something you factor into game theory ? 
  this whole thing is a total bloody mess . 
  the whole platform of syriza is that they wo n't do those things . 
  they pledged to end austerity and spend money and stimulate the economy . 
  the ez probably does n't see a greek state transformed - they 're seeing a country itching to get back on dat sweet cheap credit which was the problem in the first place . 
  wow you 're right !, 
  hey everybody remember the germans were all nazis !, 
  quick !, 
  somebody might have forgotten !, 
  i like this one more . 
  i 'm not an economist - is what i 've written possible ? 
  seems like it would undermine the drachma before it even began . 
  from what i understand , the value of a currency is in the guarantee 's the citizens put on it 's value and that it will be repaid . 
  if the population does n't even value it enough to convert what they hold to that currency , would the situation i described serve to devalue the drachma even more ? 
  is n't the solution just to start paying people in drachma 's and make it the currency the government deals with ? 
  that way people can still deal with euros . 
  the government offers to exchange the euros for drachmas but does n't do it without consent . 
  force people to pay taxes in drachmas , and any government transaction has to be in drachmas - people around the world hold currency of a different country , maybe this could be the same ? 
  alright - greece was willing to undergo the radical reforms necessary to avoid becoming a failed state . 
  now that it is n't , it probably will . 
  they 're allowed to loan greece a certain amount of money to cover cash withdrawals . 
  they 're now lending them to the authorised 89bn limit and no more . 
  so greek banks will run out of money in the next few days since there wo n't be any more money coming in via ela . 
  at least before it looked like greece was willing to take its medicine in exchange for more loans . 
  now even that does n't look likely ... 
  i actually do n't think that anybody seriously thinks that greece will ever be able to recover and pay the debt - the troika is now just making the idea of not paying the debt such a horrific and economically costly idea no other southern eu country will consider it . 
  greece can leave the eu with no real cost to the eu in economic productivity terms , but if spain , italy or ireland decided to renege on debt repayment in the same manner the entire euro project would be screwed . 
  it 's ken livingstone - apart from a few years of surprising sanity when he was london mayor , he 's always been a loony lefty . 
  livingstone , corbyn and galloway are all cut from the same cloth . 
  what you 're saying makes sense , but it feels a lot like the uk has a knife to its wrist and is screaming at the eu that it 's going to kill itself unless the eu does what it wants . 
  we really would n't be negotiating from a position of strength when it came to it , and we must n't forget that any new treaty between the uk and eu might have to be passed by every parliament within the eu . 
  i certainly do n't trust every country to act in both its , the eu 's and the uk 's best interests , and can certainly imagine protracted negotiations and possibly even referendums on the deal which would throw a real spanner in the works . 
  the uncertainty of a trade deal alone would lead to years of underinvestment in the uk economy . 
  while it 's also true the uk complies with many eu regulations , it 's possible that a condition of any deal will require free movement of people across borders - possibly even a schengen-type deal which ireland would likely object to ( itself also having an opt-out of schengen and free movement with the uk ) and this has been part of all free-trade deals with the eu up until this point . 
  plus , at lot of this rides on the idea that the eu wo n't act to spite other countries because otherwise it would look bad and other countries would n't want to join . 
  this did n't stop many of the countries in the eu from severely punishing greece into austerity , and in so doing crushing its entire economy . 
  plus , many of the countries which are eu future candidates are pretty poor - bosnia , kosovo , georgia , moldova , ukraine - i think all would see accession as a one way act . 
  the uk is very much the exception when it comes to having a referendum now that it 's in . 
  they would all see strong financial incentives to join and that is n't going to change because a member leaves , and whose economy subsequently implodes . 
  plus , eu-sk trade agreement took two and a half years of haggling before being passed by the eu parliament . 
  tl ; dr : i think the eu is more ruthless than you think , and i 'm not convinced they ( germany/france ( who did n't want us in anyway ! ) ), 
  would n't spite the uk to send a message . 
  i also think a deal would take years , and would result in underinvestment and anaemic economic growth ( or recession ) until it is resolved - and even then would be in a much worse position . 
  of the three models proposed by brexiteers , norway is far and away the best economically , and even it is crap compared to being in the eu proper . 
  saying `` it would be an awful shame if after a brexit the best that could be achieved is norway status . '', 
  is a pretty fair statement in my opinion . 
  further , norway status was a perspective repeatedly offered as being a model we could emulate - http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/03/06/what-if-britain-left-the-eu-and-could-be-more-like-norway/ http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/oct/28/the-norway-option-what-is-it-and-what-does-it-mean-for-britain plus many more articles if you google `` brexit norway '' . 
  besides , norway is part of schengen . 
  is n't a reason people bang on about brexit being great that we can ` control our borders ' ? 
  i also have n't seen a compelling argument as to why the eu would be eager to do a free trade deal with the uk , other than they currently do that anyway . 
  that 's a really good point , and well made . 
  money talks . 
  you can buy a bemmer or volkman , but the telser is cheaper because of tax breaks , you 're gon na go for the telser . 
  should they be doing nothing ? 
  study after study has shown migrants will almost always pay for themselves ( in terms of money out of the state vs. taxes paid to the state ) . 
  that they arrive and the existing infrastructure ca n't support them is n't because they take too much , it 's because there is a basic failure of provision from the government . 
  are you sure it was n't borat ? 
  you 're right , but at least there is some flexibility to mitigate , which tying a currency directly to germany does n't grant you . 
  yeah say denmark went into deep recession , you could remove the peg and devalue to boost export . 
  much less painful than exiting euro , and inventing new currency . 
  also , you can control interest rates and monetary supply which other eurozone states ca n't ( except germany and france lol ) . 
  ah right , makes more sense now . 
  thanks !, 
  what ?
