  that makes no sense . 
  if france 18 % want britain to leave , but 82 % stay , 82 % -18 % = 64 % net stay , not 32 . 
  are you saying they just subtract 50 % from the stay to get the number ( as implied in your edit ) , in which case how can you explain how lithuania have 73 % stay ? 
  i do n't understand ken . 
  he 's cut from old left 80s cloth , but did some alright things as mayor ( olympics , oyster ) , before returning as ridiculous buffoon more recently . 
  so you 're saying the us should 've done something smoother ... or ... what ? 
  they 're suddenly on the hook for every atrocity in the world ? 
  if if if . 
  if saddam was still in power he could have decided to massacre the kurds in a more systematic manner than he did with the chemical weapons . 
  everything leads to everything else . 
  being in iraq certainly destabilised it and has lead to a weaker government and military , but there are also a lot of ethnic and religious tensions who opportunistically assemble an army during the instability , making it all worse . 
  lots of the fighters are from tunisia , libya , morocco , as well as saudi and such . 
  also , iraq is right next to syria - is it really a surprise that isis populates its fighters from the countries which it actually occupies ? 
  `` only two things are infinite , the universe and human stupidity , and i 'm not sure about the former . '', 
  happy to be corrected !, 
  i think it 's because the moors invaded and lots of arabic made its way into portuguese . 
  i wan na be in the eu :-(, 
  he 's also comparing a political and economic union ( while maintaining individual sovereignty - bit of a clusterfuck ) to inter-nation politics . 
  if the us wanted him so bad , why go through this whole sweden nonsense ? 
  why not just extradite him from the uk - an easier process than from sweden ? 
  the uk has a non-reciprocal extradition to the us , signed in 2003 , where a person may be extradited to the us even if they have n't committed a crime by uk law . 
  sweden has no such agreement . 
  how would extraditing him from sweden when the uk has a law which effectively allows the us to extradite whoever they want from the uk ? 
  he could have gone to sweden , been tried , found not guilty and left in under a year , yet here we are years later and he 's still there . 
  how is that preferable ? 
  you ca n't say something like `` nobody is going to let the pound be higher than the dollar and the euro '' and not expect people to try and understand what the hell you 're actually trying to say . 
  who is nobody ? 
  what do you mean by `` higher '' ? 
  how would they not let it be worth more ? 
  its a statement that makes hardly any sense at all . 
  why would parity be something people are aiming for or even want ? 
  just so people can say # 1 = $ 1 = $ 1 ? 
  why would that make anything easier ? 
  it would mean a huge boom for eu/uk exporters - us industry would contract , trade deficit in the us would worsen ... 
  did you even bother reading past the first two sentences ? 
  what the uk get from the eu and what we want are now so far apart the people voted to leave it the referendum . 
  do you not think it 's weird that even with all the exceptions the uk has it still chose to leave ? 
  you seem to think it 's pointless to even ask why . 
  what happens if another country votes to leave ? 
  what about front national in france , hofer in austria and orban in hungary ? 
  do any of these represent push back against some of the eu enlargement of is it all racist nonsense , not to be considered ? 
  i do n't hate the eu !, 
  at all !, 
  i voted remain because i wanted the uk to stay in the trading bloc and i think leaving will make us materially poorer as well as generate a lot of resentment between europeans and the uk . 
  to be honest , it makes much more sense for the bail out mechanism to be supported by countries which actually are eurozone rather than all eu countries in my opinion . 
  yes , the uk has been a real drag on the eu , but the vision eu countries want and that which the uk wants have been diverging from the uneasy alignment when we originally joined . 
  i want the uk to stay in the eu , all my comments on here have been saying is that the eu is not perfect . 
  some people seem to be interpreting that as me shitting all over the european project , when despite its flaws i still think , on balance , it 's an institution worth being part of . 
  i voted remain , and i 'm finishing a chemistry phd . 
  the point is not that we would have had to contribute to more bailouts . 
  there is a disconnect between what most people in the uk want from the eu and what we currently get . 
  you can imagine many uk citizens not intimately informed on the daily working of the eu being surprised and angry that we would be providing money to a eurozone country . 
  the eu is n't a country , it is weird mix between a trading block and some fiscal union . 
  again , you 're just pointing to things and ignoring the problem . 
  i 'm not trying to play a blame game here , i 'm saying we must accept there are flaws in the european project . 
  besides , the majority of uk voters felt these problems were sufficiently severe as to vote to leave . 
  shall we try and understand that decision or dismiss it as being simply racist , small minded and idiotic ? 
  no , a minority of people voted for it . 
  that 's not the same as it being a minority opinion . 
  there is no evidence that ** all ** the people who did n't vote would have voted the other way . 
  98 % voted no . 
  granted turnout was low , you 'd be foolish to suggest it represents a minority of opinion . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36456277 though we would n't have had to provide money to future bailouts . 
  no , but currency naturally fluctuates with the ebb and flow of each individual economy . 
  there is no way the current value of the euro is doing any favours to the worse performing economies in europe . 
  i would have said the currency reflected the economy , not the other day around . 
  it would have been worse if devaluation was n't available . 
  i 'm using it as a wider point to illustrate lack of political will . 
  edit : just for the record , attitudes like that are why these issues are n't resolved . 
  `` the uk are idiots '' , `` the hungarian referendum is bullshit '' , `` greeks just need to pay more taxes and spend less '' . 
  all perfectly illustrate the unwillingness to actually engage with the problems in the eu and consider them small-minded . 
  the problems will still happen , but leaving limits some the exposure . 
  we wo n't be expected to provide money to bail outs , and were the euro to collapse it would certainly affect the uk worse were it in the eu i feel ( this being proxy for `` i do n't know what i 'm talking about and am probably wrong '' ) . 
  i can completely sympathise with that to be honest , but i would like to make a further point - the uk had numerous opt outs in the eu ( no euro , no schengen etc ) and was also generally one which supported reform . 
  i can * also * see that britain being the uncompetitive mess it was in the 60 's / 70 's was hugely alleviated by being part of the eu and the dismantling of state industries forcing the hand of reform within the uk , removal of tariffs forcing the competitiveness of uk companies . 
  the thing is , the eu today bears only a passing resemblence to this previous free-trade area . 
  money is redistributed around europe for development of poorer areas , industries are directly subsidised in nearly every country ( to me this screams of kick-backs rather than support ) , and tariffs erected to trade * to * europe of staple items like sugar ( and more recently the proposed tariffs on chinese steel ) do n't represent the eu as a reforming , forward thinking trading block . 
  there are huge elements of europe which are very protectionist , with germany being the primary beneficiary of implicit policies favouring them . 
  numerous studies have shown that for germany , [ the euro is undervalued some 15-20 % ] ( http://www.middleclasspoliticaleconomist.com/2014/12/basics-german-euro-is-undervalued.html ) . 
  this is great for richer countries as it makes exports of theirs cheaper while putting the boot into the less developed or competitive countries like greece , spain , italy and portugal . 
  why buy tractors from spain if you can get them from germany at the same price , or only a small amount more ? 
  the solution to all these problems seems to be to simply make the eu a bigger institution . 
  solve underinvestment in poorer countries by having a development fund . 
  solve high unemployment with funding to universities , and solve high debt by guaranteeing bonds denominated in euros . 
  this will just make the problem bigger , and without coercive solidarity ( if you leave , you will be in trouble ) i doubt many in the richer countries would be on board with half these ideas . 
  the migrant crisis alone has shown the gap between how much effort france , germany and austria are willing to put into migrants drowning in the med to get to italy ( and inevitably france , germany and austria ) and the policy that would be required to get these situations under control . 
  having said all this and shitting on the eu - i did vote remain . 
  i am gutted we are leaving and fear the uk is becoming a more parochial and introverted place . 
  the worst is that i know i personally will be fine , but all the people who voted for brexit thinking that it would stop migration and ` take back control ' will be disappointed when everything stays more or less the same , probably a just quite bit shitter with regards to travel and wealth . 
  are countries willing to pay taxes directly into eu coffers , and give up some legislative sovereignty ? 
  i 'd say the recent hungarian referendum offers a pretty big `` no '' to that question , when a country would n't agree to even a thousand migrants . 
  europe is united as much by fear of leaving as the benefits of staying in my opinion - the advantages are certainly clear , and if asked i would again vote to remain - but we are n't talking about if there are advantages . 
  i think aspects of the eu , like the eurozone , are so fundamentally flawed as to be impossible to maintain . 
  in the same way areas of a country suffer lack of investment , by submitting to the euro now * entire * countries are suffering from lack of investment . 
  that it 's impossible for countries to devalue and print currency relevant to their national requirements . 
  less developed countries are effectively held to something akin to the gold standard ( probably more appropriate to call it the `` german standard '' ) , where the value the currency holds is irrelevant to economic and fiscal position of the country using it , but that of larger more developed countries like germany and france . 
  what this means is that countries like greece , italy , spain etc. 
  ca n't devalue a currency to the point where repayments are affordable , investment is attractive and exporting is enabled . 
  in the situation where a country has large debts , like greece , the only way that has been posited to help them is to simply increase the time to pay back the money ( decrease yields ) and force them to adopt monetary policy so punishing that growth is impossible . 
  this weakens the eurozone as a whole by making solidarity a matter more stick than carrot .
