i could n't watch the whole video , it was too embarrassing !, 
  no , i think we should defend europe if russia attacks . 
  definitely it would be horrible if a war broke loose , and it 's mostly young people who suffer the most , they are the ones sent into war . 
  i would never imagine that young russian lads and gals want to fight a war , they 're just like us . 
  they just want to live a happy life like us . 
  i did n't mean to sound like i was thirsting for war , it 's the last thing i want . 
  i just do n't like the hostility russia has against the west . 
  okay , i thought there was a difference between flying planes over other countries and flying nuclear bomb planes over other countries , i feel like it 's bullying , but no doubt i think you 're right and i 'm wrong . 
  no i agree , we should n't shoot them down , it would be devastating , i would hate for anyone to die , the whole ordeal is just unfortunate . 
  oh , well in that case . 
  pfft you guys suck . 
  wtf ? 
  how do n't you know these things , you uneducated mangos !, 
  haha !, 
  i am superior !, 
  no but seriously , it 's still pretty silly to expect the average joe to know how many teenagers give birth each year for example , i would n't call anyone ignorrant because of that , especially since i do n't know how many teens give birth each year either . 
  it 's a bit silly . 
  but i do n't see why we tolerate their behavior at all , why ca n't `` we '' tell them no ? 
  just put them in their place . 
  i mean russia is so weak in comparison with nato , it 's so odd to me how `` we '' ( i know sweden is n't a part of nato ) are n't putting an end to this bullying , obviously it does n't mean much more than that , but he is still distracting normal people and making many folks feel unsafe . 
  but a war should really be avoided so i guess we should just let them disrespect the eu like this ? 
  i do n't like it one bit though . 
  that title is brutal in my opinion , i do n't think it 's odd that the average person that is asked could n't give the correct answer to all of these percentages , hell , i do n't know what % of immigrants that comes to sweden are muslim , why would i ? 
  and i have no clue how many teenagers give birth , is it relevant ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  i do n't understand why russia can just fly around with nuclear planes over europe , would n't this be an act of war just as much as anything ? 
  who wants to wait for them to first drop a bomb ? 
  this is so annoying . 
  this is bad , this is going to be bad . 
  the plane flew from holland too if i 'm not mistaken , which means that more than before , europe is going to have to do something , no ? 
  300 people just lost their lives . 
  wow okay , you are quite the waste of time , but i will indulge in your little games one more time . 
  `` that 's not what i said . 
  i said a lot of germans in this sub are too arrogant and it 's getting on my nerves . 
  i did n't mean that any display of celebration was arrogant . '', 
  you did not say that german people on this subreddit are arrogant , you were talking about germany as a whole , you did n't mean that any display of celebration was arrogant ? 
  oh okay , so you meant that everything else they do is in an arrogant fashion , except their celebration , got it !, 
  you are so full of shit . 
  `` people who think they are politically correct start bringing up the nazis and piss themselves out of jealousy '' you clearly said : `` you know what makes me sad ? 
  germans like you are sad when people compare you with the nazis ( which is wrong , i agree ) '' note the `` whish is wrong , i agree '' , still incredibly ridiculous that you go out of your way to say that it makes you sad when german people are saddened by constantly being reminded by something in their countries history - which they had no part in whatsoever . 
  it is pathetic . 
  `` you will not even do me the courtesy of replying to my actual argument ? 
  i showed you specific phrasing that demonstrated an extreme arrogance and a mindset of domination vs submission . 
  please , for the love of all that you hold holy , do n't just brush off my argument . '', 
  you have no argument , you are literally saying : look at this guy , all of germany is stupid and arrogant !, 
  seriously , look at yourself , you are saying that because of this one person , or many - as you claim , these people are arrogant , and i even disagree in this one case that you bring up , i do not think that / u/stirnlappenbasilisk is arrogant . 
  there is nothing to brush off when you bring nothing to the table but hatred . 
  `` which accusation exactly is wrong ? 
  do you want me to cite germans being arrogant in this sub ? '', 
  this is what is wrong with you , `` do you want me to cite germans being arrogant ? '' . 
  germany has a population of 81 million people , there are by percent at least as many arrogant people in your secret country of birth as there are in germany , of course you can find arrogant people anywhere where there are people , because - surprise : some people are arrogant , and saying all of germans or most are arrogant , is just ignorant and racist . 
  `` telling someone that it 's annoying how arrogant they are is rude ? 
  really ? 
  why do n't you also downvote the other person who lashed out at me with his `` i 'm not going to be your bitch '' ? 
  that is , i suppose , perfectly civil ? '', 
  you are being very rude when you accuse a whole country of being rude because of what you have seen on an internet forum , it is very close minded and does not belong in 2014 . 
  `` what a fucking ad hominem . 
  you should be ashamed to even bring this up as an argument . '', 
  it was a small note at the end , how is it such a secret , you have no problem with attacking somebody else because of where they are from , but when asked where you are from , i should be ashamed . 
  you are a joke . 
  `` if the topic was `` congratulations germany for your win '' i would have said nothing . 
  the other guy started a thread about how annoying these people that bring up the nazis are and i replied by pointing out that some germans are annoying themselves , just in a different way . '', 
  did you read the article ? 
  `` i 'm obviously not going to have a good one now that you went ahead and ruined my day . 
  how can i have a good one if the one person i believed would at least listen to my arguments just brushed them off and then accused me that `` i 'm only doing this because i 'm jealous '' . 
  i hate it when people attack the person instead of the argument . '', 
  i am trying to end it on a good note , if you are going to go ahead and cry because of a slight amount of backlash after you attack a whole country with your ignorance then so be it , i am not your mother for fucks sake , grow up . 
  all of this sounds like a huge case of you being jealous . 
  you are saying that all german folk celebrate with pure arrogance saying that they are the best because of their genetic superiority , as you put it . 
  pure bullshit , when my country wins something everybody yells `` we 're # 1 !, 
  '' , even more of this is found in america , it 's called celebrating and as soon as germany wins , people who think they are politically correct start bringing up the nazis and piss themselves out of jealousy , asking me if i `` see '' the massive amounts of evidence infront of me in a internet argument where you obviously are in the wrong . 
  just leave it , relax . 
  the reason some people decided to down vote you was because not only are you completely wrong by your accusations , you come out as very rude , basing your comments on hatred of germans whether or not you 'd like to admit it . 
  also found it surprising that a person with so much criticism against a country in / r/europe , does n't even show his own , are you afraid of something ? 
  either way , just leave it and forget about this . 
  also try being more compassionate and congratulate the winners no matter who they are and they will do likewise . 
  have a good one . 
  as someone who has visited germany many times , they are a great bunch of jolly people who make fantastic company , you should relax . 
  i 'm from sk\u00e5ne , what can you expect ? 
  to see the aurora you really need to go to northern finland/sweden/norway though , not denmark . 
  many other reasons to go to denmark though !, 
  i was n't talking about the fact that german is taught in our schools . 
  the influence of german language is normally brought up in history class in middleschool . 
  but for us , atleast , we also learned about it in german class . 
  oh yes definitely stockholm was at the center of it , in medieval sweden , half of all people in stockholm spoke low german . 
  `` an influx of german tradesmen found sweden an appealing place to trade goods . 
  for approximately five hundred years ( 1000-1500 , the entire middle ages ) , the low german language left a strong and very visible mark on the swedish language . 
  ( this was german 's strongest period in sweden ; words continued to be borrowed from german until the early 1900 's . ), 
  words such as arbete ( arbeit/work ) , bliva ( bliven/to become , nowadays said and written bli ) , and m\u00f6jlig ( m\u00f6glich / possible ) , among many others , were introduced into the swedish language . 
  on top of that , many suffixes and prefixes were also loaned -- betala ( to pay ) , erbjuda ( to offer ) , f\u00f6ljning ( [ a ] following ) -- and even the swedish word order was affected . '', 
  yes , swedish has always been a germanic language , even before the arrival of low german in the country . 
  but the great language influence by german traders is even taught in our schools , did you miss it ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he means the eu, 
  haha , now you see what kind of people we have to deal with . 
  we have a lot of loan words from germany . 
  f ( rance ) inland ? 
  i 've shot with a glock and an ak47 . 
  it was while i was in the us though , but it still counts right ? 
  ps : it was a lot of fun !, 
  you said it shows what country they talk about the most and make most fun of , while only the latter is true .
