well not exactly lazy . 
  lazy means not working despite your consciousness and society telling you you should . 
  i think the problem here is more that some cultural norms in the north and south place ephasis on different things that affect how people behave . 
  i would n't call a southerner lazy if he is late to a meeting because that 's just how meetings work there . 
  however depending on how is it handled it can still create problems for the economy in the long run . 
  many of the issues are also self accelerating , kind of how corrupt politicians will further corruption in politics and in turn get even more corrupt politicians voted into office . 
  take the italian mafia for example which is a big problem in the southern regions of italy . 
  the problem nowadays is not that the italian police is lazier than that of other countries of them but rather that they have become so entrenched that it 's hard to effectively fight them . 
  it 's not their fault and i doubt the police of other countries would do a better job . 
  however historically such a mafia would have had a much harder time to form like that in the north in first place . 
  i think this is mostly historical . 
  the colder the country the more efficient and cautious you have to be with your resources to survive . 
  early on the more northern were busy just surviving while the easier life in the southern countries allowed them to make great accomplishments in culture and society . 
  however once technology spread the colder countries could join in on the society club the attitude they had adopted earlier paid off . 
  the big question is where to go from there . 
  but was the turtle wearing a hoodie ? 
  well obviously you just hate jews . 
  i 'm pretty sure if the eu started taking military action against google the us would be obliged to step in and protect their citizens . 
  however that would never happen in first place . 
  there is nothing to be won in a military campaign against google . 
  yeh bu against whom ? 
  google or the eu ? 
  the eu does public relations too and it would be quite easy for them to paint the google blackout as a foreign attempt to undemine democratic legislation through economic bullying . 
  which in fact it would be . 
  i do n't think many europeans would pick google 's side on this . 
  in addition many companies would pull out of google services regardless of moral reasoning simply to avoid being caught in the crossfire again should things further escalate . 
  frankly i do n't see a way google could come out on top here . 
  but the picture stopped after only a fed dozen cotton candy stating that it was too unhealthy to continue . 
  yes people would get fucking angry . 
  at google . 
  if a foreign megacorp tries to extort a local democratically elected government in order to circumvent local market regulations i doubt many people would side with the foreign megacorp . 
  yeah but people will probably direct those complaints at google not at the eu . 
  people tend to get kind of defensive when foreign countries try to extort their own government . 
  yeah i know . 
  turns out there is a long scale ( used in continental europe ) and a short scale ( used in the us , uk and australia ) counting system . 
  up until 999 million they are identical but a short scale billion is called a millard in long scale while the long scale billion ( that i was used to ) is a trillion in short scale . 
  i have no idea who came up with this kind of bullshit . 
  taking an entire economy hostage to prevent a law against them would still be a giant publicity failure for google . 
  even if the eu gave in it would probably result in a mass boycott of their products from companies and private persons alike . 
  i do n't know about other eu countries but many germans actually use firefox over ie or chrome . 
  alright found my error . 
  i used a different definition of billion . 
  okay so i just realized that i was using german billions instead of american/british billions so the tower is in fact 1000 times smaller . 
  whoops . 
  also why are there freaking different definitions for how much one billion is . 
  what kind of dumbss came up with that ? 
  i did a slightly different calculation below but my result if off from yours by a factor of 1000 since i get to a height of 337meters . 
  one of us has to be wrong . 
  can anyone find a mistake in either of our calculations ? 
  a euro coin is 23.25 mm in diameter . 
  a football field as used by the german bundesliga is 86m x 105m thus a football field is roughly 86/0 .02325 = 3699 coins wide and 105/0 .02325 = 4516 coins long . 
  one layer of 1 $ coins in a quadratic grid ( not the most efficient layout i know ) contains 3699 * 4516 * 1 $ = 16.7 million euro . 
  in order to fit 2.42 billion on the field you thus need to stack ( 2.42 * 10 ^ 12 ) / 16,700,000 = 144910 layers of coins on top of each other . 
  with a coin being 2.33 mm thick this means that the coins will create a roughly 337 meter high tower on top of the football field . 
  so yeah , if you try to fit all those coins in a football they will in fact stack more than 3 times as high as as the field is long . 
  what about england ? 
  large parts of their population are saxons who also came from germany . 
  no one ever said that germany was justified in ww2 . 
  what we did was inexcusable . 
  what the people before me in this threat were trying to do is give an explanation as to why germany ever went that far and the reason for that very much does lie within the treaty after ww1 . 
  if you push a people too far and get them too the point where they think they have no chance of ever getting off the ground again because all their neighbours are out to slowly destroy them you practically create a breeding ground for extremism . 
  that does n't make the extremism any more justified but it is still an important thing to remember because if you pretend that the nazi party only existed because germans were already evil by nature you are just inviting that same thing to happen somewhere else again in the future . 
  afghanistan , irak and syria with muslim terrorism . 
  america and trump . 
  russia and putin . 
  heck even the current nationalist government in poland . 
  they are all that very same scenario . 
  a country feels like they are bullied and put extremists into power who promise to change the situation . 
  those extremists the proceed with removing free speech and other basic freedoms in their own country and lash out against whoever they deem as their oppressors . 
  this is not about what kind of `` revenge '' is appropriate for being suppressed , if you can even call what germany did in ww2 `` revenge '' . 
  they just slaughtered innocents left and right . 
  nonetheless we have to make sure that something like that never happens again and that means understanding the role those reparations after ww1 played in radicalising the country . 
  that is true but while i would n't applaud the allies for what they did i can understand why they did it . 
  people were just sick of what germany had done and how they still would n't give up even though the war was basically unwinnable at that point . 
  the bombings were an easy way to get some payback and potentially destroy war assets without putting too many troops at risk . 
  it 's just what war is like . 
  war sucks . 
  it translates to `` nazi comparison '' you know how sometimes people compare the crimes of the nazis with putin , erdogan or even merkel ? 
  well , in germany if you make such a statement in a official position you are putting yourself into rather dangerous waters because in many cases it can get interpreted belittling the nazi 's crimes during ww2 . 
  there have been instances of politicians and reporters being forced to step back after making such a statement . 
  if we do this we have to go all out and make it an aircraft carrier, 
  i would be 100 % in favor of this . 
  the new ships are actually designed with that in mind . 
   in contrast to the bremen class , which were built with cold war-era scenarios in mind , the f125 will have much enhanced land-attack capabilities . 
  this will better suit the frigates in possible future peacekeeping and peacemaking missions . 
  for such reasons , the f125 will also mount non-lethal weapons . 
  hello ? 
  are you there ? 
  but imagine if one of the countries tried to sneak special agents onto the bridge to free the prisoners . 
  and then they use ropes to escape to a submarine waiting below the bridge . 
  i 'm from nrw and my post was heavily influenced by all the bullshit proposals they made for the recent election here . 
  but you are right they are more grounded in the east . 
  quite frankly what you wrote is bullshit . 
  gay marriage is not going to increase the number of gay people . 
  you do n't just decide to become homosexual due to `` promotion '' , if you are homosexual it 's because you are born that way . 
  gay people are not a threat to society . 
  they make up less than 10 % of the population and no amount of legislation is going to change that . 
  society can survive with 10 % or more not procreating . 
  forbidding marriage to gay couples on the sole arbitrary basis that they wo n't have children is hypocritical unless you also want to penalize sterile heterosexual people or couples who just do n't want children . 
  the only thing legalizing gay marriage is going to change is make gay couples feel more accepted and literally nothing else .
