in many austrian ski resorts russians are less and less liked as customers because they apparently tend to destroy quite a lot ( think hotel furniture etc. 
  ) , be it because they are drunk or simply because they do n't give too many shits . 
  for god 's sake do n't insult our food . 
  schnitzel , strudel , sacher cake , a shitton of dumplings , gulasch , schweinsbraten , krapfen , punschkrapferl , kasspatzln , the list is endless . 
  schnitzel is austrian and what you germans do to that poor piece of meat is a crime against good taste , 
  in case you have n't found it yet , this is the official government website for migration to austria , which also tells you everything you need to know about your test . 
  but do n't look for an english version , there is none ( on purpose ? ) . 
  nope , true on roughly 50 % of the system afaik . 
  yeah , but they are barred from using their title in austria and also they had to sign to never try to acclaim any political position in austria ever again as a prerequisite to return from exile . 
  what about staatsebenenobsz\u00f6nterrorismus ? 
  i 'm completely with you . 
  i think the eu needs to stop growing for a while to become a strong institution , and i 'm completely pro-eu . 
  but especially poor countries like moldova would only do harm to the european idea . 
  some people have to stop thinking about eu membership as a way of giving humanitarian aid . 
  good . 
  and i suggest you re-read the actual german asylum law , which is the legal authority that matters here and which is part of the german constitution . 
  which , roughly translated , means : `` paragraph 1 [ the right to asylum ] does not apply to people immigrating from another member state of the european union or from a third country [ = non-eu country ] which upholds the convention on human rights . 
  [ ... ] in such cases as described in sentence 1 , people may be deported immediately with no option of appeal . '', 
  germany has no obligation whatsoever to take those refugees . 
  sorry , he is not . 
  according to valid german and international law you only have the right to flee to the * first safe country * available to you . 
  germany is not obliged to take any refugees who have already traveled through numerous safe countries like hungary or romania . 
  germany has now decided to stop the so called dublin-iii-procedures , so it will not send any refugees back to hungary . 
  this is what led refugees to want to go to germany so direly , because they have assurance they wo n't have to come back to hungary again . 
  google dublin-iii-directive if you do n't believe me . 
  same for the us . 
  the largest and most influencial media outlets here have launched huge campaigns against ttip , there are even a lot of posters up advertising against it and the general opinion amongst most of the population that does n't run a huge company is against ttip . 
  it 's stunning to see how few coverage this apparently gets in other countries . 
  hope you did n't get fined . 
  i find the amount of signage that says you require a ticket to go through the `` barriers '' ( which really are n't barriers ) quite lacking . 
  the austrian one is obviously a translation error . 
  the one i get is `` ist england ein land oder ein staat '' ( is england a country or a state ) and apparently someone confused staat ( state ) and stadt ( city ) . 
  that comment hurt my heart . 
  deep down a part of me is crying right now . 
  it 's not `` that one german super highway '' . 
  autobahn just happens to be the german word for highway , therefore the whole network is called autobahn . 
  same for switzerland and austria , highway = autobahn . 
  it just so happens to be that on a german highway ( autobahn ) there is no general speed limit , so when there is none indicated you are free to drive as fast as human decency and common sense allows . 
  years ago people wrote gn8 for `` gute nacht '' or just n8 but it somehow got out of fashion . 
  no problems whatsoever to be expected . 
  eu = / = europe . 
  turkey is definitely not in the eu , same as serbia , bosnia , macedonia and so on . 
  i would generally never trust a car salesman , regardless of where i go . 
  my advice is to very thoroughly check the car for any apparent technical issues before buying . 
  to add to that : even if you are in a country that usually has dubbed movies ( which are absolutely horrible by the way ) , like say any german speaking country , you 'll usually still be able to find english cinemas though . 
  at least in the large/capital cities . 
  as few as possible for brussels and as much as possible for bruges , ghent and antwerp . 
  seriously , those three are great places ... brussels on the other hand might be one of the most boring cities i 've ever been to , but that 's just a personal opinion ( although shared by many ) . 
  yeah , you ca n't just buy a car like that . 
  you need to register it ( which costs another few hundred euros ) , get a license plate and , most importantly , insure it . 
  and for all that you propably need to be a resident of an eu country as well . 
  car ownership in europe is expensive as hell , given that it 's even possible to register a car as a us citizen it 'll propably cost you at least 2000 $ before you can get going . 
  renting a car is perfectly possible at 21 years from basically all major rental agencies , but consider that renting a car in one country and dropping it off in another will get quite expensive . 
  as others have pointed out , european public transportation is decades ahead of america 's . 
  if you really want to explore the countryside a bit more or if you just love roadtrips , consider getting the train from one country to another and renting a car locally . 
  as long as you 're familiar with manual cars and know how to shift you should be fine . 
  do n't forget to use the engine brake , i see many flat-landians ( e.g. 
  germans , dutch , british ... ) who go down a mountain in fifth gear risking overheating of their brakes ( which can end deadly ) . 
  other than that the roads are fine , make sure to keep to the speed limits in switzerland ( the fines are outrageous ) . 
  it is not in effect yet . 
  but when it will be i think it will basically work like this : the whole eu will essentially be treated by the phone companies as one country , so calling an italian number from an italian phone and calling a french number from an italian phone will cost the same . 
  that 's what abolishing roaming charges means . 
  my fear is tough , that prices for phone contracts will go up , especially here in austria where we have some of the cheapest mobile phone contracts in the whole eu ( e.g. 
  i pay 15 $ / month for 1000 minutes , 1000 texts and unlimited internet ), 
  yes , as a us citizen you do not require any visa for a stay of up to 90 days in any 180 day period . 
  assuming that you are not an eu citizen , do you have your visa situation sorted out ? 
  you ca n't just stay in the schengen area for a year without a visa . 
  and what exactly is a euro train ? 
  i assume you might mean a eurail pass ? 
  eurostat might be worth a shot, 
  11 days is not exactly allowing for too much . 
  i 'd limit myself to 3 or 4 cities , 4 being the absolute maximum . 
  berlin and amsterdam are two amazing cities which are on the way from copenhagen to london . 
  do not rent a car , it 's crazy expensive and nerve-racking . 
  rather take a train ( see www.seat61.com for info , book well in advance for the eurostar to london ) . 
  well , lots of people certainly wish the times when we were big and powerful were back and ww1 never happened . 
  but i doubt those people also want the royals back , the habsburgs are not exactly popular . 
  the royalist party is mainly seen as something to have a good laugh about . 
  they did n't even candidate during the last parliament elections . 
  vienna is awesome in november/december because of christmas markets . 
  note that christmas markets in austria are less about the shopping and more about the drinking ( punch , an alcoholic made mainly from rum , wine and cinnamon ) . 
  also , try some skiing if your budget allows . 
  options are france , italy and austria for a normal budget , switzerland is crazy expensive . 
  music ? 
  festival season is sadly over ... but you will definitely find smaller concerts if you look hard enough . 
  i 'd definitely also recommend visiting berlin , awesome city all around . 
  depends . 
  not during traffic stops or any normal kind of duty , no . 
  i mean i 've experienced unfriendly cops , but the vast majority is very professional about what they are doing . 
  also , you wo n't be shot for stepping out of your car or anything similarly ridiculous . 
  on the other hand , at demonstrations or during riots it can get rough . 
  try looking up g8 summit of heiligendamm or castor transports for german examples . 
  not sure if anybody told you yet but stay away from raileurope . 
  they are resellers that sell way overpriced . 
  buy ditectly from the national rail services , trenitalia for italy and sncf for france ( you can find their website on google ) . 
  use www.bahn.co.uk for checking timetables . 
  pre booking long distance trains will save you a significant amount of money , tickets for regional trains will be the same at the station . 
  they are good but more expensive . 
  book ahead to save cost.you 'll need to calculate seperately for every destination whether it will pay off to pay for an overnight train or to pay for a hotel + an equivalent daytime train . 
  i 'd consider getting around by train .
