   those countries are part of the commonwealth . 
  scenario b requires leaving the eu , though , as this question states . 
  do you think nato would sit around for a week as norway is invaded ? 
  that 's what he said, 
  ukraine was n't in nato , so that 's not a very good comparison . 
   * deport any foreign resident who has proved that his basic mindset is blatantly incompatible with the general values of the society he is currently living in . 
  you ca n't deport someone for thought crime . 
   no chance of war realistically , we are n't going to be invaded even if we had a tiny military , simply because it would be impossible to occupy such a large country . 
  plus there are 300 + million guns owned by civilians . 
  a similar thing happened to an [ american plumber ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/12/17/241a8a8c00000578-2876735-this_truck_once_owned_by_mark_1_plumbing_in_texas_city_texas_is_-m-30_1418825573245.jpg ) . 
  there have been [ six ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honor_killing_in_the_united_states ) documented honor killings in the us . 
  there were that many in a [ four month stretch in 2005 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honor_killing#germany ) in germany . 
  that 's horrifying , and should n't be dismissed as just like theft or murder . 
   of course there are cases of honor killings here . 
  is this the status quo for europe now ? 
  yeah , but you also have to deal with the symptoms unless you want people to die . 
  anti-war is n't what people mean when they say liberals give islam a pass . 
  it 's stuff like [ ben affleck in this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vln9d81eo60 ) . 
  maher and harris were actually called bigots by the left after that , and affleck was generally supported , even though he was almost a caricature of liberal misunderstanding . 
  if they told her to fuck off that would be fine . 
  responding with violence is n't fine . 
  well it 's not really a waste, 
  no , it says that people are unfairly * called * cultural marxists . 
  yeah definitely . 
  so treat them like north korea ? 
  not sure that 's the best strategy . 
  well i 'm american so it does n't really affect me, 
  not if the eu sends them right back . 
   the only actual refugees in the eu are from ukraine . 
  also from libya , correct ? 
  if they made the passage to italy . 
   what about kurds ? 
  they could very well make the case that they saw themselves in danger and therefore traveled on to greece . 
  if that 's the case then all 14 million kurds should be allowed to seek asylum in greece . 
  do you think that should happen ? 
   deportation to their home countries , heavy criminalization and fines are . 
  aka not death . 
  also , i 'm not sure if the us really wants assad gone , considering we wo n't train rebels unless they say they 'll only fight against isis . 
  turkey is n't eu . 
  why is it the eu 's problem if they ca n't handle the refugees ? 
  i could probably find immigration discussion on stormfront too , that 's beside the point . 
  is / r/europe a place for discussion of european issues or not ? 
  it 's not like every post was about immigration . 
  it was a few every day . 
  and that sub has < 200 subscribers ; that 's not a solution . 
  megathreads are horrible for discussion , especially when they are left up for days at a time . 
  and there 's no real way to discuss individual incidents , like the chunnel deaths . 
  i 've never seen a sub completely hide the number one topic before . 
  automoderator could remove comments by accounts less than a month old if that 's the problem . 
  maybe until it 's clarified you should n't be removing stuff ? 
  but of course then it would be harder to censor . 
  why does the decision of the moderators better reflect europe than the votes of the users ? 
  the problem is that a gay march would offend muslims in the first place . 
  yeah you can , if you do n't let them into europe . 
  that 's a nice sentiment , but it 's not what governments should base decisions on . 
  why is it europe 's responsibility to care for the citizens of another country ? 
  would n't leaving the ez be a treaty violation , though ? 
  there is , it 's called voting republican , but california and new york are n't doing that . 
  if that was true they would n't care about enforcing sharia or exterminating shia . 
  i mean their genes wo n't be around . 
  right . 
  he was christian , but was motivated by the fbi 's actions at ruby ridge and waco . 
   that every human should have a hard on ( quite literally ) for promoting their own genetic line ? 
  the ones that do n't wo n't be around very long . 
  mcveigh was not motivated by his christianity or christian identity . 
  terrible example . 
  there are things that every muslim believes . 
  five pillars , etc. 
  none of that is relevant to my comment . 
  if it 's okay to hate islamists because islamism is an ideology , then it 's also okay to hate muslims because islam is an ideology . 
  islam is an ideology too . 
  ideally you 'd kill the terrorists before they could return to europe . 
  lone wolf attacks are almost impossible to stop . 
  we have n't been the target of an attack planned and orchestrated by a terror cell . 
  ground troops to fight isis . 
  it allows easy return for foreign fighters . 
  and not all attackers were deported , that 's misleading . 
  any bad thing muslims do is not true islam . 
  ergo , islam is nothing but good . 
   ofc not some will fear the guy but not fear him enough to , you know , call the police . 
  first they came for the jihadis , and i did not speak out ... 
  works for us . 
   they should go to jail upon return for life ideally . 
  and a special jail so they ca n't convert others . 
   does n't america celebrate columbus day ? 
  barely . 
  most people do n't even get off work . 
  and columbus himself is not worshipped . 
  the eu is n't just a trade agreement though . 
  maybe if you only look at his current policies , but he 'd surely move left if he had the opportunity . 
  sanders tweeted praise of corbyn when he was elected labour leader . 
   literally the only thing we have from this relationship is the ability to jump ship quickly if the euro fails . 
  well that 's not nothing . 
  do you think you have more in common with a random german or a random black guy from philly ? 
   mind you , the us does have a lot of christian fundamentalists what 's the worst thing they want , though ? 
  ban gay marriage ? 
  that 's not going to happen . 
   can you please elaborate on what you mean by unifying culture ? 
  i 'm an american and i feel like we are more divided than at any time before , not just in terms of politics but religion , race , sex , and even economically . 
  i do n't have a clear conception of what it means to be an american at all .
