  he wants to ask me to do something that is both against my own religion and my values . 
  while he can sit back and do nothing because * `` he is a guy , why should he wear a headscarf anyway ? 
  he has absolutely no right to ask austrian women for anything he himself is not willing to do . 
  if you take the liberal the way it 's often used in the us with liberal meaning socially left-leaning , then yes . 
  however if you take liberal to mean not having the goverment control every aspect of your private life , your kids school life , liberal gun laws , smoking laws , etc etc ... then the fp\u00d6 is more liberal than many other austrian parties . 
  the original comment called for only allowing women & children . 
  in that scenario , an 15-year-old would not be allowed to enter our country or be housed here in the first place . 
  make the cut off age for males 13 ... that 's harder to fake, 
  isis beheaded 16 real madrid fans last year . 
  as far as i know ( someone correct me if i 'm wrong ) north korea is working on their weapons since years and years . 
  during bush , during obama , ... they just happen to know actually gotten so far that their rockets are becoming a serious threat . 
  so it seems likely that no matter who 'd be in the white house right now , we 'd here the same from nk . 
  they never hid their hate for america . 
  it 's their whole propaganda . 
  people just tend to not take them seriously and rather make fun of them , while they work on their missiles . 
  dude , the moment when you are on north koreas side during a nuclear attack they start , is probably the moment to take a step back , take a deep breath and rethink your thoughts . 
  charlotteville literally happened 5 minutes ago , how could anyone feel a shift in tone in that short amount of time ? 
  that being said , i 'm watching netflix right now and lovin ' it . 
  i like the new zealand accent best overall , it 's so calming to listen to . 
  and southern accents for americans . 
  like the way blake shelton talks . 
  absolutely dreamy . 
  i always think it 's quite fascinating how mainstream it is to make jokes about north korea , considering what kind of horrors are probably happening inside the country . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't mind dark humor and kim jong-un is easy to make fun of . 
  but considering what a monster he actually is , the constant narrative of him being nothing but a stupid man-child feels very off . 
  the us is my 2nd favourite country after my own , and while i do n't think trump is competent enough for the job , i agree with his overall ideas and i like that he won . 
  part of that is also the joy the hysterical reaction to his win has brought me , 
  i do n't know what you 'd be , but i know you would be very unhappy in austria . 
  his book is still in the top 150 bestsellers on amazon.com , and was # 1 when it got released a month ago . 
  and it currently sits at # 8 in the non-fiction category on the new yorks times bestseller list . 
  i would n't call that a flop . 
  as an author myself , i can only dream about those high sale numbers . 
  i have a big crush on him . 
  i watched all seasons of friday night lights . 
  twice . 
  that 's almost like playing yourself :d, 
  dude , we invented white nationalism xd it depends tho on who you ask of course , and what you see as white nationalists . 
  the 2 closed-borders/anti-muslim-immigration parties are currently polling at 59 % together , but i would hardly call 59 % of all austrians white nationalists . 
  i ... actually do n't even know any prominent american of that sort . 
  or do you mean reddit users ? 
  because for the so-called alt-right in the media ... milo is british , so is paul joseph watson . 
  lauren southern and gavin mcinnes are both canadian . 
  the identitarian movement is mostly french/austrian/german ... 
  lots of cold showers & iced tea . 
  but i like hot summers so it 's all good . 
  2 years ago was really bad tho . 
  we made red bull . 
  without us , all startups worldwide would fail . 
  i 'm jealous of the gas prices in the us . 
  i 'd drive a dodge ram 2500 if i could afford the gas for it . 
  and if my parking skills would be better . 
  you can own guns for self defence & sports without a problem . 
  some you just walk into the store to buy , others you need a license for that is rather easy to get . 
  evangelical churches are popping up all over the place . 
  nope , but we have big families and everybody from baby to great-grandpa usually lives in one house . 
  i grew up in a house like [ this ] ( http://d1a2jrbzyz2rmc.cloudfront.net//images/3836047/galb/ ) not super comfy showing the actual house , but the picture is from the same village i 'm from and all houses there are rather similar looking . 
  in vienna i live in [ this monstrosity ] ( http://wvg.at/uploads/images/bunsengasse_cam_03_bearb_spotlight.jpg ), 
  clearwater , florida is what you are looking for . 
  scientology owns that city , ca n't get more ~ universal ~ than that . 
  kinda . 
  there 's legit critizism and then there is swearing an oath while thinking in your head * `` you all fools here a racist xenophobes , thankfully i 'm not really one you , yaay australia '' *, 
  of course not , but foreigners trying to gain citizenship are a whole different issue . 
  like the thread the other day about the guy who wanted to know how he can become a greek citizen without doing military service there . 
  it 's cheating the system for benefits without doing your part for your new country . 
  not when you are actively seeking citizenship in a country . 
  we need to expect more from people who are willingly choosing a country , to make sure they are willing to give & fight for the new country , and are not just citizenship-shopping for benefits . 
  well , if all foreigners are like you , demanding citizenship while insulting the country ... why do n't you stay where it 's multicultural if you ca n't handle a nationstate ? 
  back in school , we had fanta berry exotic in the vending machine , that had the exact same color you also get when you mix red eristoff vodka with red bull . 
  make your own conclusion of what we did with that information . 
  once an austrian-american transitions from watching * sound of music * to watching the real austrian classic * sissi * , he 's accepted . 
  i lived on a military base in northern cyprus at various times in my childhood , if that counts . 
  i 've also been to antalya ages ago for a family vacation . 
  it 's easier in my country to get a gun than it is in california ... the czech republic just voted in their own version of the 2nd amendment ... abortion laws are stricter in most of the eu than they are in the us ... so no , it 's really not that simple . 
  i would vote wholeheartedly republican btw . 
  yes . 
  i 'd prefer a habsburg instead of an elected largely ceremonial president . 
  i was friends with someone from the svarovski family back in the day , so probably them . 
  i did n't hate him , but i certainly was annoyed by people making him out to be a saint while ignoring any actual policies & actions of him . 
  it still goes on to this day , when there are news about for example the ice doing somthing and comments become an anti-trump circlejerk , when in fact the ice is acting on laws that have been introduced by obama . 
  or even older laws that also were in action under obama . 
  i do n't know what attacks you talk about all the time ? 
  when i hear the word attack ... well , paris , brussels , berlin , manchester , nizza , ... comes to mind , but i doubt you mean those . 
  so let 's reverse it : what makes it ok for muslim immigrants to meet european people with deadly attacks and cover our streets in blood ? 
  where can we flee to from * them * ? 
   what about europeans going to america or candaa ? 
  they stayed there forever . 
  do you mean the very first immigrants to there ? 
  i think we can all agree that for the native american population it would have been better to * not * let them stay . 
  it was invasion/colonization back then . 
  not what we now call immigration . 
  none of my ancestors were refugees , we lived in the same valley for hundreds of years except for one great-great-grandfather who came to that valley from italy . 
  in the recent generation , some moved away ( france , usa , new zealand , . . ) but never as refugees . 
  they went through legal immigration systems and could convince their new home countries they can bring them skill & money . 
  to your last question ... yes actually . 
  austria does n't give asylum to refugees of war . 
  you have to be personally persecuted to get it . 
  meaning ; a gay man from pakistan or someone like edward snowden can get asylum , a regular war refugee ca n't . 
  there is a different law in place for war refugees , and that is the category syrians currently fall under , and so they can stay until the war is over . 
  but most migrant arrivals have not been from syria , but places like afghanistan , nigeria , marocco , ... they will have to be deported , there are no legal grounds for them to stay . 
  pretty much , yes .
