because you will be stateless once the eu falls . 
  maybe once a month . 
  it depends tho , my parents for example definitely eat out more often . 
  lots of people also have their lunch break at a restaurant every work day , cause lots of places offer cheap lunch menus . 
  i live above a grocery store , so i simply go in there every day when i need something . 
  and then one bigger trip once a month , because they offer -10 % on one whole purchase per costumer , per month . 
  i prefer to cook fresh , but i always have some frozen pizza or frozen lasagne in the freezer , for the days where i do n't have time to cook . 
  fast food is more expensive . 
  i mean , mcdonalds also has a few items that are 1 $ each , but even i as a small woman need quite a few of them to actually feel full . 
  for the same price you can make pasta with a homemade meat-veggie-tomato sauce to feed the whole family . 
  i liked all the restaurant food that i ever had in the us . 
  but the stuff from the supermarket was kinda hit or miss . 
  especially the bread , most tastes like cake to me . 
  also some other things taste different and i do n't know why . 
  for example : sometimes for breakfast here , i crave one of those egg mcmuffin things from mcdonalds . 
  i ordered one in the us once , and the taste was completely off to me . 
  i do n't know if it was the different ham or the different cheese ... 
  i just did n't like it . 
  in austria , you have 25 vacation days . 
  does n't matter if you work full time or part time , it 's always 25 days . 
  usually you can take your first vacation after being 6 months at a certain job , but in special cases your boss will also give you time off even before ( like if you take a vacation day to travel to a wedding or something ) you have to tell you company what time you want to take vacation several months , up to a year , in advance . 
  so it can be made sure that not everyone goes on vacation at the same time . 
  there are also certain times of the year where a company can block everyone from taking time off ( for example the whole of december if you work in retail ) at all my previous jobs we were strongly encouraged to take a full 3 week vacation once a year , to come back fully refreshed . 
  yeah , that 's crazy . 
  think about it : unless you always have an airbnb right in the city center , you also are loosing a good amount of time figuring out and using public transport to your room , and then back again to see the things you wan na see in the city . 
  and some of the places you wan na go to might be closed during the short time you have . 
  or the line is too long to get in . 
  you might regret it , having been to paris and amsterdam and hamburg ... without actually seeing anything of those places . 
  when turks in large numbers move to the capital of radical racism then they are either a bit dumb or austria might not be so racist after all  or even radical racist austria is a nicer place to live than turkey , who knows, 
  so racist and yet so many turks living here with no plans to move back ... 
  i wonder why ... 
  your opinion . 
  i definitely hold our elected politicians to a higher standard than any random newspaper . 
  you mean defame as in turkish politicans saying austria is the capital of radical racism , even tho it 's turkish people attacking kurds on our streets , with no austrians involved whatsoever ? 
  lol , that is a banner that simply shows newspaper headlines , from politics to sport results & the weather ... so no , nothing had to be removed by an almighty turkish minister , since headlines change every few hours anyway . 
  he said multiple times after brexit that he does n't want austria to leave the eu . 
  the one thing that would change his opinion on that is if turkey would be allowed to join . 
  but yeah , the whole election comes down to immigration ( even tho the president actually has nothing at all to do with that ) and with every terrorist attack , hofer has better chances . 
  also , the fact that turkish people took it to the streets in austria for pro-erdogan rallys after the coup must help him a lot too . 
  and a decent living would ' t be possible in turkey ? 
  if your life & the life of your family revolves around turkey so much ... then why do n't you all live in turkey ? 
  not trying to be rude , i 'm really interested , cause i myself could n't imagine moving to a different country and behaving like that . 
  the narrative of the swedish mainstream media , i 'd asume, 
  is this the same festival that also had sex assaults last year ? 
  when i was a child , we always had meat-free fridays out of catholic tradition . 
  kinda funny how it 's now coming back , out of a different reason this time . 
  i support it tho . 
  so switzerland and norway will also be their own continents ? 
  there 's a recent case that got media attention in germany , where a jewish boy had to leave a school in berlin , because he was bullied so much for being jewish by his muslim class mates . 
  to make matters worse , the school was part of an `` school withot racism '' program they are very proud of , but the parents accuse the teachers of not taking the situation serious . 
  the vicitm had to leave the school , the bullies are allowed to stay . 
  in my experience , the people who are all about the 4-day-week , and having a great work-life-balance , ... are also the people who bitch & moan about grocery stores not being open 24/7 . 
  and how backwards it is to keep places closed on sundays . 
  [ integration : the case for child marriage - banning child marriage is popular for europeans , but ... ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2016-11/integration-kinderehen-deutschland-heirat-religion ) [ minister maas defends exceptions for child marriages ] ( http://www.focus.de/politik/deutschland/kinderehe-besondere-ausnahmegruende-so-verteidigt-heiko-maas-seinen-gesetzesentwurf_id_6143255.html ) [ `` taking away child brides from their husband when they enter germany would be a shock for them . 
  '' ] ( http://www.taz.de/!5387146/ ) [ aydan \u00d6zugan from spd against ban for child marriages ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/aydan-oezoguz-gegen-pauschales-verbot-von-kinderehen-14510116.html ) do you want me to continue ? 
  you 'd think everyone finds that wtf-worthy , but sadly quite a lot of journalists are writing opinion pieces going in the same direction . 
  they completely throw out their morals for whatever reasons when it comes to this topic . 
  as for your otehr statement , simply the same how it 's done with german minors . 
  if a teenager has to be taken away from abusive parents , but that teenager is a young mother herself already , then she and the baby both go to the same hoster family . 
  or any kind of social housing program they have for such situations . 
  a lady from the german green party said something like `` it would be against the best interest of the child ( bride ) to cancel her marriage , especially if the couple already has a child themselves . '', 
  her name is antje niewisch-lennartz . 
  you 'd be surprised how many think pieces there are in german media , saying how to take away a foreign child bride from her husband is cruel because he is the only one she knows in the new country etc etc, 
  he has a point tho . 
  for example , we know that there are 10,000 radical salafists in germany . 
  now imagine for some whatever reason , they would take hold of a small region of germany and given autonomous status the same way chechnya has in russia . 
  what do you think the rules and laws in that region would look like ? 
  afaik , chechens are the biggest group of foreign isis fighters . 
  both from chechnya itself , and chechen migrants from other countries . 
  it 's funny , because the reason many terrorists are born & raised in the west is actually a very good argument to blame islam . 
  with actual middle easterners , you can make an emphatic case that someone growing up in a war zone , with no chance of an education , could be radicalize rather easily from outside factors more so than religion itself . 
  with westerners tho , living in a liberal society , actively choosing to join isis , you ca n't make those excuses for them . 
  they had every choice in the world to choose a different path in their life . 
  there could very well be an iron man ride at this park , depending on how the rights are distributed . 
  for example , marvel is disney now , yet it 's universal studios , not disneyland , that has a hulk rollercoaster and an ( amazing ! ), 
  spiderman ride . 
  it 's a bit of an odd choice of examples . 
  paramount owns star trek for example , a franchsise that is definitely theme park material , and will get a whole section dedicated to it . 
  i always thought that if they would be able to destroy a significant landmark , that it would have a bigger overall effect than killing people . 
  the symbolism of such an attack would be too huge to be met with any kind of chill from people . 
  ahh like the austrian method of building a door with long side parts , instead of a wall xd, 
  what a sl * t , showing her naked hands like that . 
  real believers wear gloves . 
  uhh , who 's that slavic guy ? 
  do n't talk about european solidarity , and then make only foreigners pay for your streets . 
  he did however injure a chinese family . 
  they might have issues & disabilities for life . 
  [ what isis really wants ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ ), 
   a guy in germany went nuts with an ax on a train . 
  he was proper mental schizoid something . 
  do you mean the one from w\u00fcrzburg ? 
  isis had a video from him where he announced what he was about to do ; he was in contact with is members in syria and he had a fake passport from them , and all that jazz . 
  isis especially called their followers to use vehicles as weapons , because it 's easier to plan & hide than building bombs . 
  instead of assuming , you could just read it yourself : http://www.foxnews.com/world/2017/03/22/shots-fired-outside-uk-parliament-reports-say.html sounds pretty neutral to me . 
  fox news is actually pretty good when it comes to breaking news and live reporting . 
  better than cnn for example . 
  it 's the talk shows/opinion pieces where the crazy is located . 
  do n't listen to him ; regular austrians are very much aware that the immigrants would n't stay in most european countries , and we obviously do n't hold it against you guys . 
  like everyone , you probably surround yourself with like-minded people and then make the false assumption that all people your generation are just like you and your friends . 
  also , you probably met religious people , but if you just casually know them , they might simply did n't tell you .
