  sorry , you ca n't guilt trip me into changing my political stance on immigration by making it personal about my ancestors . 
  would n't work in my familys case anyway , because they all stayed . 
  none of them were refugees in the middle east . 
   how do you know for sure ? 
  because their request for asylum has been denied and they are waiting for deportation . 
  i think that 's definitely a bit of an american thing or maybe even a coincidence . 
  i mean , tokyo/japan is popular and cool for tourists , even if it has little immigrants ; and nobody is postponing their dream honeymoon to the greek islands until their are less greeks there . 
  but whatever your country did 60 years ago has no meaning in my country today . 
  i mean , we could say we take in refugees and they only get food & water , but when someone needs a doctor we wo n't send one unless they pay ... but then you or someone else would start a thread on here a la * `` why are europeans against giving free health care to refugees ? 
  '' * and our discussion would start all over again . 
  besides , more of the people who came to austria are n't refugees anyway . 
  they are not fleeing wars . 
   we accept them , give them food , water and treat them good do you also give them welfare benefits , free health care , free dental care , free school education , housing , translators , lawyers when they get in trouble , ... 
  there is a lot more to being a refugee in the west these days then just food & water . 
  the same it was different when you went to the us 100 years ago as an immigrant . 
  you could absolutely make it there and start a better life , but if you * did n't * make it , chances were ... you died . 
  there was no government safety net to catch you if you fall . 
  but nowadays those things exist , so you have to be smart about immigration if you do n't want to the destroy the whole system . 
  before and especially after ww2 , most ( western ) european countries were doing more than fine . 
  we got richer , healthier , more educated and just generally came to a very high standard both when it comes to quality of life and general human rights issues . 
  and we achieved all this while being not overly diverse . 
  recent big waves of immigrants are bringing problems with them . 
  be it cultural friction , strain on welfare , quality of school dropping , more crime , ... now there are 2 ways to look at it : either you can be of the opinion that we as a society can push through those problems in a reasonable time , and after that our country will be richer for it ... or you can be of the opinion that is is not worth the struggle and it will lead to a more divided population than it has been before . 
  that 's a personal point of view and neither is automatically right or wrong . 
   because you grow up around non white people this is only an argument if your definition of racism is * white people hating non-white people * . 
  it does n't include racist prejudice a japanese person might have about korean people ; or an afghan person about somalis ; or a german person about polish people etc etc, 
  rural nebraska sounds like paradise if it has less arrogant germans of your sort there . 
  in vienna usually very attractive , 
  fully automatic guns . 
  and drugs , i guess . 
  nah , that 's not what i see . 
  i follow the german/austrian netlix facebook and the comments are all horrible . 
  people complained that everything is so much sooner in america than europe . 
  and then when netflix introduced that 1 episode a week thing it felt like the very same people complained they are not paying for netflix to only get an episode a week , and they wan na binge watch or nothing . 
  many people just want everything , all the time , for free . 
  you can never make them happy . 
  also , when i lived in the us , i did n't find american netflix that much better . 
  they have a lot of reality shows for example , which is not something they have on austrian netflix . 
  european netflix also has shows that will * not * be on american netflix . 
  most prominently the new star trek series . 
  people seem to bitch about netflix a lot here , but for me it 's perfect . 
  i have an account non-stop since they started in austria . 
  they have enough shows i 'm interested in , some really good documentaries and they also started doing this thing with brand-new non-netflix shows that instead of waiting until the whole season is done in the us , they upload a new episode every week right after it aired on the original network . 
  i feel like people who are still complaining are people who are simply not willing to pay for their entertainment no matter what . 
  the only show i get from somewhere else than netflix is game of thrones . 
  yes , i have family in georgia & florida . 
  public schools in vienna are shit , and homeschooling gives you the perfect opportunities to create your family life they way you want to . 
  you can travel the world while homeschooling , you can create your own schedule that fits daddy 's work schedule so lots of time will be left to enjoy as a family . 
  it 's perfect . 
  several of my cousins were homeschooled , and i plan to homeschool my kids as well . 
  the government in general should be less involved in family life ( unless there is abuse ) . 
  for example , austria always talks about introducing mandatory all-day-school . 
  fuck no , i 'm not having children to send them outta the house from 8am-5pm as soon as they are 6 . 
  september last year we still had up to 30 \u00b0 c most days in vienna . 
  the best were those really big knickerbockerbande books that were choose-your-own-adventure style , and came with all the tips & tricks to be a detective yourself . 
  i constantly spied on my neighbors and took fingerprints everywhere as a child , lol . 
  lock them up and throw away the keys . 
  because many people on the internet * are * assholes . 
  and especially on reddit there are a lot of `` edgy '' kids . 
  like the whole thing about the us being a 3rd world country . 
  no normal european irl would ever answer `` america '' when you ask them what in their opinion a 3rd world country - or a backwards country - is . 
  people on here also , when talking about racism or conservatism or religion - leave out those groups in their own countries from the conversation . 
  if it 's because they live in a bubble of only likeminded people , or if it 's intentionally i ca n't say . 
  probably a bit of both . 
  i ca n't say how americans see it , but for me , part of the difference is how we are welfare states and they are not . 
  in the us , if you ca n't find a job because of your burka or because you refuse to listen to a female boss or because you ca n't speak english , you are on your own . 
  no money , no healthcare , no nothing . 
  do what you want , but be ready for the negative impacts your actions might have on your life . 
  in europe , we pay the same people lifelong welfare with our tax money . 
  dunno , but a woman that fundamentalist that she covers her face will be completely isolated from austrian society anyway . 
  i mean , the whole point of it is that nobody but your own family knows what you look like etc. , and that nobody will approach you in public . 
  they made it illegal to not show your face in public settings . 
  the same way you ca n't walk into a supermarket or a bank with your dark motorcycle helmet still on , you ca n't do it in a burka/niqab . 
  they are still allowed to wear it in their own private home or inside a mosque , anything non-public . 
  secular laws are above religious laws . 
  if a group of flds cult members decides to settle in austria , they also would not stand a chance arguing freedom of religion when they marry off 9-year-old girls to 80-year-old men as sister wives . 
  both hijabs & niqabs ( that only show the eyes ) are very common in vienna . 
  the later one is illegal now tho , i think . 
  why is the uk not taking in the refugees from calais ? 
  somali is closer to india than austria eritrea is 2700 miles away from vienna . 
  bangladesh is in a global neighborhood with japan , south korea and malaysia , yet they arrive at the shores of italy . 
  yes , some of them might be actual refugees , but why in europe , that is a question nobody can answer with any sort of logic . 
  there are american troops in somalia , at the request of the somali national army . 
  together they are fighting al qaeda . 
  and yes , eritrea is a brutal regime , is * that * americas fault too ? 
  or maybe , just maybe , the leaders of eritrea are simply evil shits , with or without america ? 
  than the question of the op needs to be : * `` what should america do to help turkey/lebanon/jordan / syria itself with the refugee crisis ? 
  then the question is pointless , cause there is no refugee crisis anymore in that case . 
  syrians are not arriving in any kind of big numbers anymore . 
  more are probably going back home than leaving . 
  the biggest groups of migrants on the boats to italy right now come from bangladesh , eritrea , somalia , gambia , ... the us is not bombing any of those countries . 
  yes of course . 
  i personally like to play roulette and do some sports betting . 
  i feel like in the us it is very clear to see that if not already the immigrants themselves , then their children , the 2nd generation , is fully american . 
  a fortress . 
  we celebrate by [ training ] ( http://www.bundesheer.at/images_skaliert/20141024_092533_800x386_1499170673.jpg ) [ up ] ( https://cba.fro.at/wp-content/uploads/trotz_allem/dscn0357.jpg ) the kiddos . 
  i for sure celebrate whenever they have mexican week !, 
  probably even the racists would n't mind an american . 
  i mean , i 'm assuming you do n't plan to come here to seek asylum , get some sweet welfare money , all while screaming allahu akbar , right ? 
  someone who learns a good trade will have a better life in austria , with a better income , than people who study things nobody really needs ( something something media something something gender studies ... ),
