  tennessee preferably . 
  i feel like i 'd love new zealand too , but from there everything else is so damn far away , and i think that would be hard for me . 
  i support our police in everything they do . 
  republican . 
  past election circle i would have voted for marco rubio in the primaries ; and trump in the general election . 
  absolutely , sas was ( and sometimes still is ) actually really fun when it was about things like that one american going to ireland asking if he should bring snickers bars . 
  or the whole pizza-diversity-situation . 
  when it comes to political comments tho , many of the things that get posted there you can find just as likely in non-english internet spaces , made by europeans . 
  this ; plus you can easily find extremely ignorant comments made by europeans about american issues . 
  it 's illegal in austria . 
  they know that by taking an austrian passport but keep their turkish one anyway . 
  it 's a crime and they deserve punishment . 
  do n't know & do n't care how it is in other european countries . 
  i 'm for hard sanctions against turkey , a complete travel ban there , take away dual citizenship for turks , and deport those from europe who are a threat to our peace . 
  so obviosly i support the netherlands in their decisions . 
  same in the us ( portland ) but people do actually shout through the bus to say thanks and bye . 
  and the driver shouts back . 
  in vienna you can leave in the front too . 
  when i do that , i say thank you . 
  when i leave in the back , i do n't . 
  976 ad , with leopold the first , i guess . 
  at least i do . 
  edit : the village i grew up in was acutally first documented in the year 963 . 
  our church is from 1410 . 
  that 's all obviously `` we '' to me . 
  i think if you already are at b1 , and then move to a spanish speaking country and immerse yourself in the language completely , you should make progress on your language skills fairly fast . 
  depends . 
  i would like for austria to have an actual , real , intelligent immigration system . 
  think canada with their point system . 
  so only qualified immigration , of people who will most likely become tax payers instead of getting on welfare . 
  and if we are going to do the whole diversity thing , than let 's do real diversity . 
  meaning we have enough muslims/middle-eastern people for now ; for the next decade , let 's give asians a chance . 
  or south americans . 
  if diversity is strength , then only muslim immigration and no other has to be a weakness , right ? 
  i do n't mind the downvotes , just informing you of the general vibe of this subreddit here . 
  persoanlly , i 'm christian-conservative and voted \u00d6vp all my life . 
  i 'll vote for them again * if * they put sebastian kurz as the head of the party . 
  if not , then i 'm gon na pick the fp\u00d6 for the first time . 
  ( i ca n't imagine they wo n't go for kurz tho ) i want an \u00d6vp / fp\u00d6 coalition . 
  i want an immigration stop from muslim countries , more money for police & military , more deportations , longer prison sentences for violent offenders and stricter policies for welfare for immigrants . 
  now for the vienna city government , i will definitely vote fp\u00d6 next time . 
  red/green ruined the city . 
  and since the \u00d6vp is very weak in vienna , a vote for them locally would be a wasted vote . 
  most more right-wing opinions are getting heavily downvoted on this sub , so why even bother answering such questions ? 
  not dissing your questions op , but since this happened before in similar threads , you probably wo n't find many of the people who could answer on here . 
  they actually mention that they define a no-go zone as a place where when an ambulance or the fire department is called to a certain district , they will be accompanied by police . 
  when i first heard the word no-go zone a few years back , that 's how it was explained back then . 
  it 's a term ambulance drivers use for areas where they do n't go without police because of previously being attacked while helping the person who needed their help . 
  over time the definition in conversation has changed to meaning `` an area nobody can go into without being killed . '', 
  yeah , you get very one sided answers from this sub on political questions . 
  only a small percentage of european reality is portrayed on here . 
  those are the very same people who lied in our faces about the islamic kindergartens . 
  if they 'd tell me 2 +2 = 4 i would n't believe them . 
  honest question to you tho , political leanings and stabs about who is reading what newspaper aside : let 's put all the claims about welfare fraud to rest for a moment . 
  we can still agree that the current number of 626 millions is a fact , right ? 
  it also seems likely that this sum will rise in upcoming years , even if it does n't get to the 1.6 billion - would you agree on that too ? 
  do n't you see how this is getting a real problem for vienna and that many people on welfare will lead to very real issues - both for the budget and in social dynamics ? 
  i 'd be really interested how you would argue it 's not a problem . 
   i get my information from standard , kurier and presse , three of the most reputable newspapers in austria . 
  here are the articles about this topic from those 3 newspapers ( i read them too . 
  no heute for me since i work from home and not really use the subway that much ) : [ presse : vienna pays welfare to people without id ] ( http://diepresse.com/home/innenpolitik/5171140/rh_wien-zahlt-mindestsicherung-an-personen-ohne-ausweis ) [ kurier : welfare - vienna under explanation pressure ] ( https://kurier.at/chronik/wien/mindestsicherung-wien-geraet-in-erklaerungsnot/247.123.593 ) [ standard : vienna does n't see costs exploding ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000052751066/wien-rechnungshof-ruegt-kostenexplosion-bei-mindestsicherung ) some of your statements are contradicted right by those articles of the newspapers you say you read . 
  especially the id one . 
  it is absolutely about not showing id 's at all . 
  well yeah . 
  the op asked about welfare abuse regarding migration , and i delivered the answer . 
  of course it 's a complete failure by the government , and i hope the people responsible go to jail ( will never happen of course ) but because of the facts presented , it is pretty clear that this is not just a mistake that happened because the government was overwhelmed by numbers or anything . 
  there was a direct order to not ask for id when it 's migrants ; to not call the police when you suspect fraud , etc etc ... and from what it looks like , also a direct order to destroy ( or at least hide ) documents . 
  this is a politically & ideologically motivated , calculated move by the vienna city government . 
  50 % of all people on welfare are migrants ; the whole id issue is only a migrant problem , austrians applying for welfare ( or any other form of government help ) have to show their id , birth certificate , bank statements , ... edit : so i checked the details to not write down wrong information . 
  48,5 % of people on welfare are non-austrian . 
  back in 2010 , this number was at 29.6 % . 
  in 30,000 cases there is not even a nationality written down on the welfare document about the person . 
  we literally do n't know where they are from . 
  when the invastigtion team asked for documents from the welfare department , they only got 63 % of the documents they asked for . 
  the rest is marked as `` missing '' or `` lost '' . 
  a report came out yesterday ( after investigating a statment released by a whistleblower a few months back ) , saying that the city of vienna is expecting to spend 1.6 billions a year on welfare in the year 2021 . 
  we are at 626 millions a year now . 
  the report also said , that people have been receiving welfare without ever having to show an id ; and this was a direct order from the higher ups . 
  give immigrants money no matter if they can identify themselves or not . 
  it is also likely that child support money has been paid to children who most likely do n't exist . 
  people who ` could n't remember ' if their children are male or female still received money for them , no questions asked . 
  and on top of that all ; the city government claims it 's all not really true , nobody should worry , they will fix it . 
  while also saying to the ones looking into it , that thousands of documents relating to this issue have somehow mysteriously gone missing . 
  everybody who claims he is not worried about what that means for vienna , is either a liar or a moron . 
  there will be a tipping point , and it 's going to get ugly . 
  it 's not a war zone by any means , but keep in mind that this subreddit here is very left-leaning , and by that can also be misleading . 
  the truth , as always , is somewhere in the middle . 
  if you are a girl , be careful what neighborhood you move to . 
  and where you go at night . 
  football & skiing . 
  i love trump & i exclusively date american men . 
  sometimes like it when they are a little chubby , too . 
  so you heard wrong . 
  why not ? 
  i mean , theoretically , if a woman comes in getting her 5th abortion in 5 years , would it really be sinister if her doctor talks with her about getting her tubes tied instead ? 
  i consider myself pro-life , but i understand the need for legal & safe abortion , and to take that away is not something i would politically fight for . 
  however , to me that only applies to first trimester abortions . 
  after that it should be illegal ( which it is in my country ) . 
  if you bother me while eating , i would kindly ask the closest hooligan group to take care of you . 
  vw polo,
