  europe has it 's own lottery system . 
  it 's just more hunger games style . 
  whoever can make it over the mediterranean sea without drowning , has won . 
  you can check out the restrictions [ here ] ( http://www.immihelp.com/green-card-lottery/green-card-lottery-usa-eligibility.html ) you need to have at least a high school education , need to have worked 2 years in the past 5 , ca n't have a criminal record or a mental illness , ... 
  the most useless person would n't get the green card , if he won it or not . 
  i do n't know how it started , but the us is a nation of immigrants , and something like a lottery is probably very easily regulated . 
  they can give away as many or as little green cards as they want . 
  many people arpund the world * really * wan na go to america , so why not give them a legal chance to do so ? 
  certainly beats illegal immigration from mexico , or whatever we have going on in europe , do n't ya think ? 
  yes . 
  you do n't need to look into finding an american to marry or having a job lined up for you ( very difficult if you have a `` regular '' job and not something highly in demand ) . 
  you still go through the regular us immigration vetting process if you win the lottery . 
  the win does n't guarantee you a green card if they have reason to believe you 'd harm the country/you wo n't have a chance to support yourself . 
  pssst , it 's only wrong when we do it . 
  germany can do whatever it wants . 
  i certainly wo n't cancel my netflix subscription over it . 
  then i suggest to make a really good plan on what there is to see & do ; because if you kinda just wander around , i could actually imagine getting bored . 
  also keep in mind that for some touristy things you have to book tickets online days/weeks in advance or you might risk not getting in . 
  depends . 
  will you include a day in disneyland for paris ? 
  or harry potter studios in london ? 
  will you go see a a show ( musical , theatre ) in london ? 
  do guided walking tours about certain topics ? 
  for example , in london they have a sherlock holmes tour , and a jack the ripper tour . 
  i 'm sure there is similar stuff in paris ; and those things all do last a good chunk of time . 
  probably , yes . 
  i mean the average austrian does n't really know much about the actual policies of the us parties ; but my friends & family are mostly christians , legal gun owners , business owners or in a career in police/military ... we mostly vote for a christian-conservative-business-friendly party here , and the republicans would be the american equivalent to it . 
  on social issues the reddit believe of right-wing democrats is very false . 
  we do n't have gay marriage , our abortion laws are way more strict , you ca n't adopt children as a gay person here , ivf is illegal for non-married women , ... how anyone can think the democrats are right-wing to * that * is beyond me . 
  inform yourself better before you make such wrong comparisions . 
  affirmative action , for example . 
  vdb is not a social democrat . 
  because it 's a talking point people picked up at one time . 
  nothing more . 
  how so ? 
  is someone like victor orban really on the left to elizabeth warren ? 
  is angela merkels stance against same-sex-marriage more socially left than us democrats stance for same-sex-marriage ? 
  is theresa mays authoritarian fantasy of controlling & regulating all of the internet cuz of porn & terror really more liberal than a republican free speech absolutist ? 
  almost never in the city , but when i still lived in a rural area , a few times a year . 
  especially in the winter . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i answered the question as in * `` would bernie sanders have a chance in your country/all of europe in the current political climate ? 
  * and my answer is no . 
  no he would n't . 
  but i put a `` for now '' at the back of my statement , because obviously things can always change . 
  i 'd vote republican if i was american . 
  i agree with most of their values . 
  there 's someone in my country who wants to take his party a bit in this direction , and i 'm very excited about it . 
  i also do n't agree at all with the common notion often repeated by europeans , that even american leftists would be european conseratives . 
  that 's a nice sound bite that falls apart giving everything a closer look . 
  the identity politics from the democrats has entered european green & left parties ; and european right-wing parties ca n't really be compared to the republicans . 
  two very different political concepts . 
  trump changed that a little with his very populist rhetoric , but people like mccain or romney or rubio would n't be populist right-wingers in europe . 
  not anymore , social democrats/socialists have huge loses all over europe . 
  their days are over ( for now ) . 
  definitely not fleeing , but i can imagine eastern europe becoming a popular destination to emigrate to . 
  it would have other reasons than terrorism tho . 
  crime rates , public school system getting way worse in big western european cities , rent & housing prices getting even higher because non-immigrants are all flocking into the same neighborhoods ( ` white flight ' ) ... things like that . 
  people here now often choose to move to the country side once they have children , but it would n't be too unthinkable that some will take the extra step and move to a big eastern european city , if they have job chances there . 
  i do n't mind the eu as a trade union , but i do n't want anything more from it . 
  i 'm secretly happy all the eu politicians i do n't like have to deal with trump . 
  might be petty , but i ca n't say i do n't get major satisfaction out of it :d, 
  yes , i 'm a christian , does n't mean it 's not the perfect place to make fun of tho because some things are definitely a bit out there . 
  like , there 's a jesus on a unicorn !, 
  it 's overall very nice there tho . 
  they have a huge interactive bible museum that is really well done and pretty amazing . 
  they have an original guttenberg bible for example . 
  then they have re-built parts of jerusalem and there 's a guided tour through that . 
  there are concerts , live shows of biblical stories , ... it makes for a fun day . 
  it was really crowded but we went for the easter weekend so that 's probably expected . 
  yeah i was in orlando for disneyworld , universal and the holy land experience . 
  loved it !, 
  from individual people ? 
  of course . 
  people have all kinds of different opinions , there is no hive mind in my country . 
  maybe because a big amount of tourists spend only a weekend in paris , while many vacations to spain or italy are 7-day-vacations to the beach ? 
  more days = more money spent . 
  i got orlando , fl and raleigh , nc as most similar . 
  i know that i use southern words and expressions ( i say * y' all * and * fixing to * all the time ) , but i do n't exactly sound southern while doing so . 
  i do n't want the eu interfering in the day to day life of me and my family . 
  the rights we have as austrians should never be taken away by an eu law . 
  which already has happened , so my limit is already reached . 
  they wan na leave trump 's america because of his stance on illegal immigration ... by becoming illegal immigrants in europe , it seems . 
  i hate portland with a burning passion , i felt like i lived in tumblr-city . 
  i 'm too redneck-y for it . 
  tennessee or georgia . 
  lived in oregon for a while , never ever there again lol, 
  every morning . 
  austria is a quite conservative country . 
  but as long as you do n't wan na get gay-married here , i see no reason why you should n't visit . 
  our problems with muslim immigrants are completely seperated from your experience as a tourist , since i do n't believe you 're planning to join a pro-erdogan-demonstration . 
  i do n't trust merkel . 
  but the correct translation ( in meaning ) for evangelical is `` evangelikal '' not evangelisch . 
  i think you are confusing protestants with evangelicals ? 
  evangelical christians in europa are a rather small minority , but very conservative . 
  usa, 
  yes , a few times , and i deserved it . 
  born in 1985 . 
  i believe in religious marriage till death do us part etc etc, 
  surely you mean for eternity !,
