  when that 's true for you , then good !, 
  but it does n't explain the endless stream of articles & comments & outrage , denying a `` leitkultur '' . 
  so lots of germans think different than you . 
  not really . 
  if you went on a vacation to ... let 's say , tibet ; and i ask you after your trip what tibetian culture is like , i 'm sure you would have no problem discribing your observations to me . 
  so why ca n't you do the same for germany ? 
  there 's been a lot of talk about german culture these days because of the recent `` leitkultur '' debate . 
  if you go in any of these threads in r/de , you will find * a lot * of germans taking about how stupid that is and the constant question about * `` what is german culture anyway '' ? 
  * and then when someone explains their understanding of german culture , people answer with * `` nooo this is not a german value , this is simply a humanist , all-european thing . 
  '' * or they say how they personally do n't do/like this and that , so it 's not german . 
  also , a lot of comments saying german culture is `` das grundgesetz '' and nothing else , completely denying that there is more to a culture than just the laws . 
  you do n't see that anywhere else in the world . 
  every other nation is perfectly fine talking about what defines their country . 
  india, 
  according to the users on r/de , there is no german culture . 
  so yes , from an outside perspective , something got broken for the german people . 
  i do n't think any other country in the world is denying their own culture . 
  nothing , it 's radical muslim scum trying to radicalize other inmates . 
  they are islamic . 
  netflix non-stop ever since we have it in austria ; and spotify premium on and off . 
  everybody in my school had the same religion , so there was no need . 
  just as a comparision : in austria , the same test takes 2 hours and that 's it . 
  you are good to go after that . 
  break action rifles and shotguns can be owned by every austrian over the age of 18 , nothing else required . 
  for all semi-automatic weapons you need a license . 
  you have to be 21 for that license , with no criminal history and they check your mental health . 
  you also need proof you know how to store , clean , handle your weapon . 
  that 's a paper any gun store can give you for around 50 $ . 
  if you meet those requirements , it 's your right to own at least 2 guns for self-defence at home . 
  ( if you want a gun for sporting only , they can deny you the license . 
  they ca n't deny you for self-defence tho , because that is our right as austrians , so it 's always good to say you need it for self-defence , even if you are only in it for the sport ) but you are not allowed to carry with that license , you need another license for that , which is hard to get . 
  the license cost you around $ 300 . 
  oh , the one other exception who is not allowed to get a license are men who did n't do their military conscription and chose community service instead . 
  the only excuse to get out of conscription for a healthy male is that he does n't feel comfortable shooting a gun . 
  so he obviously is not fit for a license xd they can still own shotguns tho . 
  stop all welfare & benefits for immigrants , and the issue will solve itself without any ban . 
  the migrants who then will come ( muslim or not ) , will be hard-working and interested in getting a good education for their children , which will make them a positive gain for the country . 
  portugal has decriminalized all drugs for personal use , and it seems to work fine for them . 
  germany has no speed limits on the autobahn , and it seems to also work fine for them . 
  i would n't be opposed to getting equal laws in austria . 
  we should always fight for more rights instead of less . 
  because i like living in a free society , that values personal responsibility over government control . 
  yes . 
  because if they can take one right away , they can take every other right away , too . 
  there are probably more legal gun owners in europe than gay people . 
  so why bother with gay marriage ? 
  almost no one is gay over here . 
  i do wish our gun laws would be more liberal ( i 'd like to be able to carry for example , and not just have guns at home ) but compared to other eu countries , our laws are pretty alright . 
  might be true , but why should the austrian people pay the price for the faults of the dutch people ? 
  one should always be critical whenever the government takes your rights away . 
  even more so in norway 's case , where it 's a foreign government taking your rights away . 
  you might agree now because you do n't care much for guns , but it should n't be hard to imagine a topic that you feel strongly about . 
  a law that would destroy your business , or that makes the school you picked for your child illegal , or that puts surveillance cameras on every corner in your city , even tho everyone who lives there is against it . 
  why not harmonise liberal gun laws all over the eu ? 
  for me , our liberal gun laws are a good idea . 
  it 's an issue that would make me vote to leave the eu & schengen , if we get the chance to vote on it . 
  the czech republic has gun rights in it 's constitution , right ? 
  or are you planning on put it there ? 
  i 'm wondering how that legally works , can eu laws override constitutional laws of a country ? 
  i very much approve of him picking gorsuch for the supreme court and him - as promised - cracking down on illegal immigration . 
  annoyed is a mild word , i 'd want them to leave . 
  i drink stiegl grapefruit radler , cuz i 'm a girly girl . 
  this sub is an anti-american shithole , that 's why . 
  hey now , nz gave us xena & lotr . 
  you ca n't get much cooler than that . 
  nope , the coolest people on earth are hands down new zealanders . 
  every kiwi i ever met was super chill & funny & incredibly easy to talk to . 
  i love love looove guns enough for all of you < 3, 
  i 've been to egypt , israel and the us multiple times . 
  as for my friends & family , i ca n't think of a single person who has n't been outside of europe at least once . 
  my grandma went to thailand , my old aunties to new zealand ... and in my circle of friends the us , japan and india are very popular vacation spots . 
  europe will be a lot more religious , in one way or the other . 
  we 'll see more social seperation between different demographics ( via private schools , gated communities , distinct good and bad neighborhoods , ... ) both the prison system and the welfare system will get closer to what it is in the us . 
  the eu wo n't exist anymore , at least not in the way it exists now . 
  a big ham , eggs and [ a cake that looks like a little lamb ] ( http://bilder.t-online.de/b/73/29/47/12/id_73294712/610/tid_da/darf-beim-osterfest-nicht-fehlen-ein-suesses-osterlamm-.jpg ) , and sometimes actual lamb meat too . 
  church , afterwards easter basket hunt for the little ones and then a big lunch . 
  it hit an isis command base , so awesome !, 
  no , i like capitalism . 
  i dunno if there is much of a fat acceptance movement outside of tumblr and similar sites , but on there , they go as far as stating that your doctor telling you to loose weight is fat-shaming , and you need to search for a more fat-accepting doctor . 
  sorry , i ca n't answer these . 
  with religion for example , there are no options to differ between various religions . 
  like , you can think religious christmas events bring `` life and color '' in your daily life , but a scientology rally does not . 
  also , in the social values questions , it says `` taking rights away '' at the far-right position . 
  what kind of rights ? 
  i ca n't click on that if i vote far-right exactly because to * not * have taken my right to own guns away , for example . 
  a right the left wants to take from me , but you describe them as `` no restrictions on any rights '' . 
  also , far-left is often also a word we use to describe a full-on communist , which makes the whole explanation that they wo n't take anything away from you laughable . 
  with skin color i agree , not with muslim tho . 
  it is perfectly reasonable to only wan na date within your own religion , especially if it 's serious dating that you hope will lead to marriage & children . 
  mixed-religious-marriages come with a ton of problems ( assuming here both partners are actually religious , and not just culturally christian , or a secular jew etc ), 
  why would you do that ? 
  this is actually already the law , but it does n't get enforced . 
  including not getting enforced by germany . 
  what do you mean with `` better system '' ? 
  are you implying that eastern european countries should give asylum seekers more welfare money than their own people are even earning in proper jobs ? 
  i 'm for only taking in refugees from neighboring countries . 
  so if war breaks out in hungary or switzerland , citizens of those countries can come, 
  a tv channel here started to show one nfl game a week live ( and more games during the play-offs ) a few years ago , and i believe it 's getting a decent amount of viewers . 
  it will always stay niche tho , for various reasons , including the big one that because of the time difference all those games are starting sunday night at 10pm , not a good time slot . 
  all the other american leagues are pretty much non-existing .
