  jason momoa is from there !, 
  i live in a 80m2 + big balcony condo , in a brand new complex . 
  i work from home , and i have another condo nearby that i rent out on airbnb . 
  i have no statistics on it , but what i personally noticed is that if a couple stays together for 7 + years without marriage and then breaks up , one of them is often married to a new partner within a year . 
  i was in an girls only horse riding camp most summers . 
  vienna , but it really goes for lots of western european cities . 
  portland feels very urban european instead of typically american . 
  portland , or . 
  decent public transport , bike lanes , a popular soccer team and way too many hipsters . 
  this sub is very anti-american . 
  regular , normal europeans are not like that at all . 
  the us is a popular vacation destination , american movies and other media is popular , typical american food pops up everywhere these days ( things that were n't very known here yet like philly cheese steak ) , etc etc, 
  concealed carry laws , drive thru starbucks , the couponing system in grocery stores , elite universities like the ivy league ones . 
  all that sweet smelling stuff from bath & body works is popular with those youtube beauty people that kids watch these days , so maybe something from there for the girls ? 
  kurz sometimes sounds straight up us republican these days . 
  i have nothing but european blood in me , and yet i 'm a die-hard conservative-capitalists who would never ever vote for a social democrat . 
  did sanders take over or why are you concerend about becoming communist ? 
  i 'm sure it 's legally allowed , but fans would have no hesitation to burn down the stadium and destroy everything else the club owns , sooo ... 
  i wonder if you actually know anything about the political climate in individual european countries . 
  would be a shame if your progressive self ends up in hungary or poland , lol . 
  jail, 
  you say in your above comment that no , pc is not a problem in sweden , and then you make * this * bullshit identity politics ad hominem comment yourself ? 
  lol, 
  none at all, 
  besides fire drill , i remember that in elementary school we learned how to behave in case of a nuclear disaster . 
  that was a few years after chernobyl . 
  this question came up in a discussion on r/de recently . 
  one user was making the point that all other countries have a healthy , positive patriotism going on and because of that do n't need a european * identity * . 
  so even with people very pro-eu , they do n't have an itch to go on the streets all decked out in eu flags and stuff . 
  germany is an exception in questioning it 's own identity and see patiotism as something negative . 
  but because people really enjoy being part of something , germans feel comfortable finally being patriotic about something . 
  if the pope calls for deus vult , obviously . 
  it 's what chris hemsworth called the hunger games once his brother got fat on set there . 
  i 've never been to iceland , but i 've spent all the best summers of my teenage years in finland . 
  loved it there . 
  ask switzerland if they let me move in . 
  i 'll be busy working , but i have [ this ] ( https://static.franks-travelbox.com/1/5/7/8/1578479dfaa8eaf44262396520fc9857655fd9f5/leuchtturm-am-neusiedlersee-kurz-vor-sonnenuntergang-oesterreich.jpg ) close by , for whenever i need to give myself a day off . 
  a crumbling fp\u00d6 would mean very little , when king kurz is basically taking over all fp\u00d6 policies . 
  when everybody is shifting to the right as an answer to right-wing parties , then even when the original right-wing party does n't win an election , you also ca n't really say that they * lost * . 
  anis amri was n't kicked out . 
  [ marko arnautovic ] ( http://a.espncdn.com/combiner/i/?img=/photo/2016/0207/r51336_1296x729_16-9.jpg&amp;w=738&amp;site=espnfc ) cuz he 's from my neighborhood and i like 'em hot & dumb . 
  because no country and no law-making goverment is perfect . 
  and sometimes there are shitty rules/situations . 
  true for every country . 
  you could ask the same about `` why are their homeless people in europe ? '', 
  or `` why are their elderly people who worked all their lives in austria who now need the food bank to fill their fridge at the end of the month ? '', 
  whenever we parade around our great social safety nets . 
  american individualims is not about `` me above all '' tho , it 's about `` i 'm responsibly for myself and my own life '' . 
  now you can obviously disagree with that aspect too , but countless of american people dedicate their life to their communities . 
  the us has a huge net of different charity acitvities , and lots of people dedicate both money and their own time to it . 
  they simply wan na do it out of their own conviction instead of relying on the government for it . 
  you got ta admit , putting it on waffles is weird af . 
  in what way do you think the us is a nanny-state ? 
  same . 
  i love austria , but life in the us is better for my lifestyle . 
  wish i could go back . 
  that line of thinking is what , when talking about radical islam , always makes me link to videos and articles of pierre vogel , a completely vile , radical , ethnic-german salafist . 
  him being white means race is being left out of the discussion and you can actually talk about the horrible ideology he is spouting . 
  that you do n't have any reply or input to anything else i wrote , shows me this is more about you being right and getting brownie points for being none-racist , instead of actually being interested in discussing race relationships in europe and which problems come with immigration here and how we might solve them in a reasonable manner . 
  the whole world has immigration laws . 
  some way way waaaay more strict than eu laws . 
  also , you do n't have to forget the one big difference between immigration to the us and to europe . 
  european countries are welfare states . 
  everybody who manages to come here has access to free health care , social housing , guarenteed welfare income , ... my country took in many afghans in recent years . 
  afghanistan has an illiteracy rate of 62 % , that is also reflected in afghani immigrants . 
  so we are talking about adults who ca n't read & write in their own language and never went to any kind of school , which also makes learning our language even more difficult than it already is for educated adults . 
  there are no jobs in modern austrian society for people with not even the most minimum of education . 
  so us taxpayers will be responsible to pay for their welfare for the rest of their lives . 
  when you look at the pros and cons of either our social system completely falling apart or being called racist by random people on the internet , it should be clear which argument is the winning one . 
  controlled immigration . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  like i said , there is no right to immigration . 
  you can make a friggin handstand for 72 hours straight in front of our boarder , does n't mean we have to let you in for any reason we choose to . 
  not really . 
  my country is 7 % muslim overall , and 14 % muslim counting children only . 
  if we agree on stopping muslim immigration for now , in order to diversify our immigration and focus on bringing in south americans and koreans and south africans , ... that is not racists in any way , shape or form . 
  well , again , immigration laws are in itself not racist . 
  if i apply for a green card today , or a visa in canada or japan ... and i do n't make the cut because i 'm not educated enough or my profession is not needed in the country right now etc etc ; i can scream & cry racism all day long and how america/canada/japan hates austria and is anti-austrian . 
  that still wo n't give me the visa . 
  there is no human right to immigrant to the country of your choice ; only the privilege of immigration that can be given to you . 
  i do n't disagree with you btw that there is racism in europe , there is . 
  but bringing up immigration laws to make that point is a very dangerous and intellectually dishonest way to do it . 
  with only speaking english , having an education in film/art and looking for a non-depressive ( sunny ? ), 
  place , california would be the most fitting choice tho . 
  islam is not a race tho . 
  it 's like a native from clearwater , florida absolutely hating that his city is filled with scientologists because they have their headquaters there , and saying he wishes they all would leave again . 
  you would n't accuse that person of racism , would you ? 
  controlled immigration is in itself not racist . 
  it 's a very new notion to make being a good person and supporting open boarders one and the same . 
  yes , it was used a year or two ago when someone filmed porn in a church . 
  i feel it 's time for god to send another flood . 
  i would have a big problem with it because austria grants way more freedom to its citizens than germany does . 
  i did and do . 
  including two gypsy sisters who worked in my old office . 
  they referred to themselves and their families ( who they had no contact with anymore cause they ran away from that lifestyle ) as `` zigeuner '' . 
  i 'm not talking about officially in the news . 
  i 'm talking about real life people . 
  and if you think the majority of us does n't use the word ` zigeuner ' , you need to get out more . 
  of course we call them gypsies . 
  and they call themselves gypsies too .
