  none of these things will concern you as a tourist in the us, 
  nothing against chicago , but i 'd figure most european tourists in nyc go there not for the big city feeling , but because they wan na see very specific things ( times square , statue of liberty , ellis island , central park , catch a show on broadway , ... ) . 
  everybody here knows those places , but most people do n't know what chicago has to offer . 
  definitely florida . 
  but i even met austrians & germans in oregon , we are everywhere lol, 
  free speech is of utmost importance . 
  i want the habsburgs back . 
  nothing about the usa is toxic nationalism . 
   do europeans not make friends that way ? 
  i do n't mind american-style small talk whenever i 'm in the us , but i 've never been in a situation where i could actually make a * friend * that way . 
  whether it 's on the bus or at the grocery store , chances are very high i will never see the person again . 
  and unless it 's an obvious flirty situation , it 's not like you give a random person your phone number in order to make meeting them again happen . 
  everyone in r/austria but me is going to hell . 
  not enough people would volunteer to fight for countries other than your own . 
  yes , i 'm a christian . 
  spanish but it 's slow progress :(, 
  have n't met many austrians who are for a more capitalistic & self-dependent way of life . 
  welfare is a popular system . 
  wealth distribution is popular . 
  dunno if socialism is the perfect word to describe it , but you catch my drift . 
  i 've been called fr\u00e4ulein in my old job . 
  by both my bosses and costumers . 
  not a waitress , but an old k.u.k law-related company . 
  it 's common in that world . 
  actual far-right people , or what is concidered far-right on reddit ? 
  so you lied in your original post , and your want to go on a cruise ship actually has nothing to do with the new laptop ban at all . 
  or did i somehow miss the airline that had no strangers , no kids and salty sea-air before the ban ? 
  the recent eu gun law comes to mind, 
  but regional laws would . 
  because he 's trolling . 
  everything he 's asking he can google search himself . 
  see his comment above . 
  he knows about the queen mary , about cargo ships , ... 
  he simply asked this question here because he wants to create an anti-american circle jerk . 
  you seem to be very knowledgeable on both ship business and laptops - yet you ca n't google prizes for yourself ? 
  at any transatlantic flight you have movies to watch , you can bring a book , ... be real here , do you really think it 's reasonable to switch a 10-hour , $ 600 flight to a 8-day , $ 2000 cruise ship just because you ca n't use your laptop for a few hours , really ? 
  queen mary does hamburg - new york in 8 days for $ 1790 - $ 3490, 
  so what if - during your weeks on the ship - the wi-fi breaks down for about 10 hours ( the same time you would be without internet on your flight ) ... you gon na jump off the ship ? 
  lol, 
  he says he wants to `` stay connected '' - what else should that mean in regards to laptops other than internet access ? 
  wi-fi on airplanes is usually shit or expensive or both . 
  but even if it were n't , since you do n't seem to have a job ( because which job allows you to have time for a 14 day ship ride instead of a 10 hour flight ? ), 
  there is really no actual need for you to stay connected to the world at all . 
  never . 
  `` hacking the election '' means manipulating the voting machines ... ( or in france 's case the paper ballots ? 
  lol ) so they show a different end result than what people actually voted for . 
  so no , russia has not and will not `` hack '' any elections . 
  i use pb in my curry , but not on bread . 
  allow concealed carry for everyone with a gun license , and not only in special cases like it is now . 
  make the gun license cheaper . 
  because we got rich by being smart capitalist , not high-tax socialists . 
  we absolutely have a great infrastructure . 
  great streets , a great and fast system to get the snow off the streets in the winter , ... infrastructure is much more than just public transport . 
  yes , we do have a supermarket , but again - being smart capitalists - it 's more cost efficient to make 1 or 2 trips a month to lidl or hofer , and then buy the fresh stuff you need in between at the local store . 
   sorry , but if people choose to live in such a horrible and isolated place it 's their own problem . 
  haha , we are a dirty rich village with a huge ski resort . 
  lol, 
  you never lived somewhere rural , huh ? 
  i 'm from a tiny mountain village with 4 a bit bigger towns , in 4 different directions , all about a 30 minute car ride away . 
  that 's where people work and shop . 
  some people will start work at 6am , some at 9am , some have nightshifts ... any kind of `` public transport '' that would fit peoples need would basically be a taxi service with 1 or 2 passengers for every ride . 
  not really much different than everybody just using their own car . 
  nor can you make a mother with 3 small children in her hand doing her big monthly grocery shopping trip with the bus . 
  how would she possibly be able to carry the food and the kids home ? 
  maybe they do n't like what they see during visits to the city , and wan na make sure their small town stays the way it has always been ? 
  for voting populists , there are other factors too . 
  for example in austria , before all the immigration talk , our green party was infamous for being very anti-car . 
  lots of talk about making cars more expensive , higher and higher taxes on gas , with a bit of a rhetoric that using public transport is morally good , and driving cars is morally wrong . 
  that works with people in the city , but if you live in a rural area where you absolutely need a car to get to work or to the supermarket because there 's only one bus per day , this kinda talk will not make you vote for the green party . 
  a populist party will realize that problem , and counter with car-friendly politics . 
  nope , i support trump . 
  you have a right to your opinion , but when forming your opinion on free speech issues , you should always keep in mind that there might be a time coming when those exact laws are being turned against you . 
  there 's taco bell at the army bases in vilseck & ramstein . 
  find yourself a nice army guy on tinder and enjoy , 
  it 's not so much about actual recent cases where people got in legal trouble for their speech , but more the general situation that i feel way too many people both in my country and europe as a whole are way too comfortable with the thought of limiting speech of views they do n't like . 
  edit : proven by all the downvotes i 'm getting here xd, 
  free speech, 
  nobody who only lives in a country without commiting to it should have any say in the future of that country . 
  to give a worst-case-example : non-citizens could vote for a war , with the knowledge that they & their family would never be drafted into the front lines to actually fight that war . 
  same , but i would like to have some law in place that makes sure the rules for religious marriage are completely seperated from legal marriage . 
  there should be no loophole that could end with a discrimination lawsuit against a church for refusing to marry a same-sex couple . 
  who is `` us '' and who is `` our '' ? 
  the source you posted means very little for this conversation , because it talks about eu immigrants . 
  which is not what the questions is , because `` into europe '' means immigration from outside of europe . 
  like the big bunch of our immigrants that are a burden for the system - from turkey , afghanistan , chechnya , ... 
  i ca n't find the numbers for all of austria , but in both vienna and tyrol , 49 % of all people on welfare are immigrants . 
  54 % of our prison population are immigrants . 
  the `` meme '' is very much true in our country . 
  you do know though that pumping huge amounts of money into the welfare system that supports our uneducated immigrants as well as the additional costs they produce ( for integration , more police , more teachers , social housing , ... ) means there is nothing left to help young austrians out to make starting a family easier ? 
  the alternative is high-standard educated immigration , and becoming more family friendly again to encourage having our own children . 
   more language and politics classes for immigrants whose money should pay for that ? 
  i definitely do n't want any more of my tax money going to that , when i would have to do & pay all of that by myself if i were to migrate somewhere . 
  lol , you are like one of those americans who non-ironically say that the difference between north carolina and arizona is greater than the difference between finland and greece, 
  austria is very different from germany . 
  right now , that difference is probably best seen in our extremely different political landscape . 
  for austria it is . 
  if you came to a job interview with me and would n't shake my hand , i would n't give you the job . 
  if we had a meeting as potential business partners and you would n't shake my hand , we would not be doing business together . 
  if you wan na rent an apartment from me , came to look at it and would n't shake my hand , the apartment goes to the other person who does . 
  social norms on what is seen as polite or impolite are very much a part of what defines a country .
