  the translation of certain words would already be adjusted accordingly . 
  nope . 
  they live & go to school in neighborhoods that are mostly populated by them ; they often speak none or very poor german ; they watch turkish or arabic tv via satellite , have their own halal supermarkets , ... like for example : on the streets or on the bus i see countless of women with hijabs and more . 
  when i go to the cinema tho , or to a concert , or eat at a restaurant : almost never !, 
  i guess my freetime activities are all too haram . 
  on the other hand , more british-born muslims have joined isis than are serving in the uk military . 
  that tells you a lot how they feel about the country they choose to live in . 
  the muslim groups that birth those radicals live ( by their own choice ! ), 
  in segerated parallel communities . 
  they have nothing to do with actual european life . 
  they are not european . 
  they will be fine , now that they control trump xd, 
  yeah , they went along with it but were not happy about is , as far as i can remember . 
  and now they are pushing to loosen up the sanctions step by step . 
  russia was/is an important export partner to austria . 
  there was an article just a few days ago , that the sanctions on russia made austria lose 550 millions in the last year , and killed 7000 jobs . 
  i 'm against the sanctions on russia . 
  mostly because they probably hurt us more than them . 
  i would go into more detail but i see you are the same troll who 's been here before often , so i safe myself the typing . 
  walk past any public school & kindergarden in vienna and then say that again . 
  absolutely , especially concerning my own future children . 
  in my city , 50 % of all school-aged children do n't speak german as their first language . 
  in certain school districts up to 90 % of all students are migrants . 
  once i have school-aged children , there is no way to go about it but to find a way to afford a private school , homeschool , or move to the country side that still has public schools with an austrian majority . 
  and i 'm surely not the only austrian who feels that way , so you can imagine what vienna & our schools will start to look like in the near future . 
  i do n't swear in front of my parents . 
  i doubt they would care much , but it just would n't feel right . 
  if you wan na move for political reasons , be sure to closely inform yourself about the politics of the country you are moving to . 
  you might like it even less , or will have to move again in a couple of years . 
  obviously the rural areas , but also the city of salzburg itself . 
  plenty of people in traditional clothing every sunday for church . 
  or weddings . 
  or any other social events . 
  just go somewhere where not a lot of people speak english . 
  i really like reese 's but i can only it a small amount of it at a time , cuz they are so sweet . 
  keeblers fudge stripes cookies are my fave tho . 
  i always stock up on them when i 'm in the us . 
  lots of things with the ability to reduce your life are popular . 
  not only smoking , but also alcohol , junk food and motorbikes . 
  austria has absolutely no duty to care for combat-age men from marocco to afghanistan . 
  the policy should have changed before summer of 2015 . 
  not letting people in in the first place would have been way easier than now trying to deport a huge amount of people . 
  yes, 
  we have groups of kids dressed up as the three kings going from house to house , to sing songs and collect money for charity . 
  as for a non-religious tradition : there is also always a [ ski-jumping event ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four_hills_tournament ) on that day , that is watched on tv by many people . 
  we have self-proclaimed sharia patrols in vienna . 
  going around telling girls they need to go home after a certain time . 
  last case ended with the father of the girls in the hospital , cause he came to help them and the patrol beat him up . 
  god likes us better . 
  you should start your boycott by not log into reddit . 
  most subreddits are probably not very representative of their topic , cuz let 's be real , most of reddit is cray cray . 
  catholic mass is pretty much the same wherever in the world i went to church . 
  what makes american christianity a bit unique are the evangelical mega-churches , with their particular way of preaching ; however i see more and more churches with similar style pop up here . 
  just on a smaller scale still . 
  big events like the annual ` walk for jesus ' and christians conventions such as [ mehr ] ( https://mehr.gebetshaus.org/en/ ) are almost always ecumenical ; with catholics & protestants & adventists & whatnot organizing together . 
  whatever it takes to stop illegal immigration & welfare shopping, 
  closed borders . 
  between 35 % and 49 % . 
  they will be in the next government when we vote in 2017 or 2018 . 
  the radical left is very anti-semitic ( they say they are only anti-israel , but no , they are completely filled with hate and team up with islamists cause of their common enemy ) the right is in support of israel . 
  kinda ironic how things change , given our history with the jewish people . 
  wonderful country and the only place of light in that dark corner of the world . 
  isis shot down a russian plane full with russian tourists last year . 
  over 200 people dead . 
  so they are a target , too . 
  for europe of course , the ugly truth is : we let it happen . 
  people can go to syria , behead some infidels , rape some women ... and then come back to europe and instead of prison , they get a nice monthly welfare check . 
  or as for the recent berlin case , the guy entered germany with 3 different identities , was supposed to be deported , but of course nothing happened ... why would n't you choose europe as a target when it 's so damn easy to do ? 
  i want austria to stay austrian . 
  now that does n't mean that everybody here has to be ethnic austrian , not at all . 
  people of all races can be austrian . 
  and that is happening with certain immigrant groups . 
  maybe not so much with the parents who immigrated ( understandably ) but their children being austrian . 
  it does n't happen tho with lots of other groups . 
  for example certain turkish people who only only speak turkish , only shop in turkish grocery stores , only watch turkish tv , only ever marry their cousins , ... that 's not multicultralism , but parallel societies . 
  and that 's a problem that will only get bigger . 
  as a little side note , that shows the irony of the whole debate here in vienna : it 's a very common thing here that young , educated , left-leaning people are in favor of more immigration . 
  the might also live in districts with a high immigration number and talk about how much they enjoy it . 
  until the day they have children themselves !, 
  then they move to a school district that has 90 + % ethnic austrian children . 
  india is definitely a travel destination very popular with young austrian people . 
  especially the more ` alternative ' ones . 
  backpacking through india , and drug parties in goa , ... that kind of crowd . 
  oh and we have [ our own famous indian tv star ] ( http://images.derstandard.at/2008/09/11/1220490486641.jpg ) - he does annoying commericals for a phone provider . 
  and ` dancing with the stars ' and that kinda thing . 
  i see them as austrians tbh . 
  not in the way that i 'm ready to take up arms to bring them back to us , but from the way they speak it 's a bit hard to see them as italians and not austrians . 
  yeah , i guess it 's a bit difficult to do an austrian christmas as a strict atheist . 
  if you wan na , you probably have to celebrate it with an american influence . 
  austrian/german christmas songs are 99 % religious ( there are no secular songs like ` all i want for christmas ' or similar ) ... the presents are brought by a mix of baby!jesus & an angel coming down from heaven ( compared to more secular santa ) , and all other traditions are religious too , like school classes doing nativity plays ... the weeks before and after christmas we also have saint nikolaus and the 3 kings going from home to home . 
  we did the lord 's prayer in the morning too ( rural western austria ) ; only in elementary school tho . 
  i always loved the us ; and i think trump was the better choice than hillary ( but someone like rubio or kasich would have been the better alternative to trump ), 
  we obviously get an intense education on ww2 in school , but to be honest , first time i heard about pearl harbor is when the movie came out . 
  i like black american men , and we could use some good mexican food here . 
  we do n't need anymore muslims tho . 
  you are absolutely right , gun culture is definitely very different between europe and the us . 
  i just wanted to point out , that often on reddit the comments regarding guns can give an interested american a false impression , because they often imply that all of europe is basically a gun-free zone and the average european finds guns outrageous . 
  which is not true . 
   replace bombs with guns , and you know how many european feels about guns while this is certainly true here on reddit , i 'd be a bit careful to make that statement as a whole . 
  there are countries in europe with more liberal gun laws , and a big number of gun owners .
