   do n't you think that telling minorities that their values are not welcome in the country of their birth is degrading minorities ? 
  [ where are your jews ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35eeljssqfc ), 
  i do n't think you are doing yourself a favor with wording it like that . 
  * my religion is the exact same thing as in palestine or malaysia or morocco ... or in isis territory . 
  i honestly do n't think many people have a problem with muslims fom bosnia and herzegovina . 
  at least not in the past . 
  it 's the ones from middle eastern/north african countries that are causing all the problems . 
  and nothing about their version of islam is european . 
  men serve their country by definding it , women by giving birth . 
  pretty clear cut to me . 
  yes here too , but theologically , once you 're baptized , you always will be baptized , even after an excommunication . 
  you ca n't leave the catholic church , it 's for eternity . 
  ca n't , or wo n't ? 
  honest question , cuz i 'm guessing there is not much value right now to put another man on the moon again ; and the next goal is to put humans on mars . 
  there is shockingly high number of teenagers leaving our public school system barely being able to read & write ; who after 9 years of school do n't have the skills to write a job application without help . 
  there was a study from this march , that 17 % of all 8th-graders in austria ca n't read & understand simple texts ; and 28 % ca n't understand more complicated , complex texts . 
  they might be professionals , but one teacher alone with a class that includes troublemakers , kids with disabilities , and new migrants with no language skills , will have it a lot harder than a parent teaching 1 on 1 to his/her kid . 
  - in some places , there are school districts with very bad public schools , and homeschooling might be the cheaper/better option to a private school - like i said in a different comment , i know a bunch of people who took their kids out of school for a few years to travel the world with them ; and then enroll them back in . 
  it 's a valid lifestyle choice . 
  - any kind of family life you choose , that clashes with the school system for whatever reason . 
  this can also include kids with special needs , that you do n't think can be taken care of the right way by your countries school system . 
  the whole social thing is easy to be taken care of . 
  like you said , sports clubs , boy 's scouts , youth church groups , ... there are also lots of homeschooling groups that get together weekly . 
  adding to that , not everyone has a good experience in school when it comes to friends . 
  there is isolation and bullying going on for regualr school students , too . 
  and those kids might also only have friends outside of school . 
  the biggest bunch of homeschooling families i know are neither . 
  they are either the hippie-surfer kind of people , who take their kids out of school for a year or two , travel the world as a family , homeschool on the road , and then enroll them back in school when they settle down somewhere again . 
  or people like theatre actors , who move to a different employment every few months and have their kids with them . 
  yes , i know that is also easier in other european countries , but my country is not one of them , lol . 
  there are so many regulations and stupid laws , that are really discouraging . 
  the attitude of many people , too . 
  trying and failing is made out to be really shameful vs. with the us there is more of an `` just try again , your next one will be a success '' kinda attitude . 
  although i think this might change with younger people now , and the whole start-up business boom . 
  yes , you just have to write an informal letter informing your school district and that 's it . 
  you can always turn right on red in the us , unless there is a specific sign telling you not to . 
  how to make mexican food ; and how much easier it is to start a small business in the us . 
  check out r/travel, 
  yup , \u00d6vp in austria is very much like that . 
  anti-islam ( as in burka ban , closing down & banning salafist organisations , very law & order with refugees , ... ) but no anti-eu rhetoric . 
  how would you force the refugees to stay in those other eu countries ? 
  cause eastern and southern european countries have taken in refugees , and within a day they `` fled '' back to germany . 
  also , as far as i know , portugal wanted to bring something like 10,000 refugees to them from greece . 
  went there to get them ... and nobody went with them . 
  they all wanted to stay in greece , in case the borders to germany would open up again . 
   and sadly , considering the situation in the refugee-camps in the middle east and the nations between syria and here , there are no real safe-places here in austria we have a maybe small , but loud & powerful group of people ( politicians , ngo 's , activists ) that are going into hysterics and protests when austria tries to deport refugees back to * croatia * . 
  croatia , a fellow eu country we all love & spend our vacations at , is made out by them to be a literal hellhole & living there would send any refugee back into a war trauma . 
  what is the eu really worth , if the pro-eu crowd thinks like that about their fellow members ? 
  not really . 
  but if it 's any european country against a non-european one , then i 'm always for the european , neighbor or not . 
  switzerland has the bernina express , a panorama train that goes through part of the alps with great views . 
  i think it was voted the most beautiful train route on earth ? 
  dunno about young people , but because of my dad i grew up surrounded by motorcycle enthusiasts and * a lot * of them did the route 66 roadtrip . 
  i feel like this is impossible to answer if we do n't know what your job will pay here/if you even can do your job here . 
  europeans around the world call themselves expats , too, 
  bbq style ... and i think the other one is sweet chili or something . 
  those 2 i can get in the regular supermarketfor a regular prize . 
  some stores import more american stuff and you sometimes find more flavors ( highly overprized tho ! ), 
  but i 've never ever found the cool ranch ones here :(, 
  ranch dressing & cool ranch doritos ( we have doritos here , but only 2 flavors ), 
  i 'm conservative , so no . 
  sports bars here usually serve american food . 
  things like pulled pork , cole slaw , chicken wings , ... we also recently got a place in the mall next to me that tries to be chipotle . 
  you are not left-of-centre , you are a communist . 
  and nobody likes communists . 
  nothing with grammar or spelling , but for some strange reason , i have the hardest time remembering food-related vocabulary . 
  words like parsley , eggplant , asparagus , cantaloupe , ... 
  i constantly forget . 
  even tho i often cook with american recipes and read those words often . 
  no idea why . 
  there is a very easy test for this question : which national football team do they support ? 
  yeah , why not ? 
  at least with a question like the one op asked . 
  the general quality of life is more or less the same in all western european countries , and eastern europe is not that far behind if you have a good job . 
  i do n't care much about the weather ; i like and can enjoy both warm & cold , so that 's also not a huge factor for me . 
  i 've also never been in a country in europe where i have n't met some really great people , or did n't like the food . 
  so what 's left ? 
  the more personal priorities ; and the way to create your family life the way you want it , is a pretty big one . 
  yup , i love jesus , guns & freedom . 
  just how it should be xd, 
  ah thanks . 
  i never really checked , since living anywhere but in austria or the us is nothing i would ever do anyway , 
  i do n't have kids yet , but it 's definitely something i plan to do in the future . 
  i do n't like the direction our public schools are headed at all , for various different reasons , and i want the freedom to create my family life the way i see it fit . 
  i just checked , seems like sweden is planning to make it illegal too . 
  fun fact i just found out : it was actually legal in germany too until the 1930 's . 
  it was the nazis who made it illegal . 
  germany is i think the only country in europe where it 's not legal to homeschool - and that 's the big no-no for me . 
  germany, 
  i only have netflix , and the local tv channels that come free in my building . 
  ethnic austrians should always be the majority in austria , yes . 
  the op can look back to the situation , now that it 's over for him/her country . 
  austria does n't have that luxury . 
  the asylum seekers are all still here , even the ones who 's asylum request was negative . 
  and we still have to deal with thousands and thousands of angry young men who should n't be here in the first place . 
  it 's far from over for us . 
  they have taco bell on their bases , so it 's all fine with me . 
  i love the nature there , and i really like nashville . 
  usa .
