  same-sex marriage is illegal in 14 eu countries . 
  it 's hard to argue same-sex marriage is an eu value . 
  no , but salzburg has around 20 % immigrants . 
  the eu does n't have the power to manage the inner boarders but they already threatened austria if we close the brenner boarder to italy ( which we are ready and prepared to do ) . 
  if sanders had made it into the general election , the republicans would have started their campaign against him . 
  every praise he gave of communists regimes , every time he said venezuela ( ! ), 
  is more the american dream than the us , every statement how staying in line for bread is a good thing , would have been non-stop on tv . 
  he would n't have won . 
  until there 's a political push in that direction . 
  first they 'll slowly change the word `` illegal '' to `` undocumented '' ... then comes the sob stories about their children already born here ... then comes the cry for amnesty & a path to citizenship . 
  that 's how it is even in the `` anti-social '' us . 
  it will be faster in most of current europe . 
  lots of europeans are critical - or talk downright sh * t - about the us , and have never lived there . 
  it 's not really a good argument , unless you are equally baffled by them . 
   we might want to try and find out why these people are so angry and address those issues but it is already known on what issues people decide to vote right-wing . 
  it 's been documented more than enough in the last year . 
  i think rotherham is an interesting case because if you read up on what exactly happened , the details about the rapes and torture and forced abortions , ... and how much police and social services screwed up ... it should have made big worldwide headlines for months !, 
  but it did n't . 
  compare it to the scandal in the catholic church . 
  it was huge in the media , hollywood made a movie about it ( `` spotlight '' ) , ... nobody in the west does n't know at least a bit about what happened . 
  compared to that , rotherham media coverage was very under the radar . 
  lots of people probably do n't know it happened at all . 
  that makes it very easy to use in an argument about covering up those crimes and similar things might still be happening in other european cities , we just do n't know about it . 
  obviously `` overun '' is a stupid statement ; but when it comes to the uk and radical pedophile muslims , there * was * rotherham , with 1400 children as victims and the whole scandal that came with it , that nobody helped them . 
  i 'm leaning anti-eu and would never call it great , i really like america ... and yet i 'm still from a european country . 
  lost what ? 
  vilimsky is in the eu parlament and never ran for any electable office ? 
  people often say bernie would have won against trump , but i very much disagree . 
  the republicans would have made it very clear in their campaign what he stands for , his comments on venezuela , ... sander 's quote about how it 's a good sign when people line up for bread in a country would have been played non-stop on tv . 
  he would have never won . 
  correct , and i do n't even think trumps win had much to do with them . 
  if you watch interviews with trump voters from the rust belt that won him the election , they had lots of reasons to vote for him , but memes about pepe the frog on the internet definitely was n't one of them . 
  nothing, 
  we 'll be having our `` real '' election soon ( electing the actual government isntead of just the president ) and the fp\u00d6 is polling at 40 % and counting . 
  and the other user is right : our current government ( \u00d6vp & sp\u00f6 ) is basically straight up making fp\u00d6 politics . 
  the fp\u00d6 says something on how things should be done , there 's a little media outrage about their horrible suggestions , and then 3 months later what they said does get done by the government . 
  sounds good , but as far as i know , basic income means that all other kinds of welfare will be axed , right ? 
  so what to do with non-citizens who hit a hard time ? 
  non-citizens who worked several years and then loose their job ? 
  with asylum seekers ? 
  will there be a seperate system for them that is indeed still welfare ; or will there be political voices that it 's just easier putting them on the basic income system too ? 
  the latter would probably create an insane pull-factor . 
  edit : and would that legally even work ? 
  if basic income is paid for by taxes , non-citizens would pay for it and get nothing in return ? 
  or would non-citizens keep more of their income and pay less taxes , to make up for it ? 
  if a few countries would start with basic income , how would those countries handle immigration ? 
  it 's more important in a welfare state . 
  people have less tolerance of people who have a hard time becoming economically sucessfull because of cultural reasons ( not learning the local language , not letting their women work , not valueing education , ... ) when those people are entitled to welfare and benefits . 
  at the same time , in countries with less social security/welfare - like the us - the immigrants have to integrate into the new culture , because they would n't survive otherwise . 
  i ca n't imagine there were n't any travel alters right after 9/11 . 
  china still has a travel warning for germany , right ? 
  `` laughing matter , not caring , unimportant and not very attractive '' might not be hate , but it 's all negative . 
  i would never dare speaking about our military like that . 
  some people in austria do , but not the majority . 
  you are perfectly safe in chicago as a tourist . 
  unless you plan to go on a `` ghetto safari '' which any sane person would n't do . 
  no ; and they are also not relevant for a travel warning , since tourists usually do n't go to school as a vacation activity . 
  darth vader did nothing wrong . 
  i 'm counting all the money capitalism gave me . 
   that woman who wants to wear them are forced to remove them for specific jobs do you see this as a bad thing ? 
  lots of people have to change their personal style for their job . 
  be it a ban on heavy make-up or fake nails for nurses ; or not being able to wear a fidel castro shirt and dirty jeans when you start working for a bank . 
  religious freedom ca n't always override everything else . 
  i remember the case about the muslim flight attended for an american airline . 
  she converted to islam , and was allowed to wear the hijab with her uniform . 
  however , a little later , she said she ca n't serve costumers alcohol anymore , and wishes for the other flight attendends to do the work for her if someone orders a drink . 
  at that point the company had to fire her , cause she was n't doing her job anymore . 
  she sued them for discrimination , but lost of course . 
  if a company wants to present itself non-religious/secular , or if they want all their employees in the exact same uniform , it should be their right to hire accordingly . 
  we should ; but then we also should make it legal for private businesses to decided if they allow people in who cover their faces . 
  restaurants & clubs are allowed to have a dresscode like no shorts or no sneakers ; but `` no burka '' would give them a discrimination lawsuit . 
  you do n't sound like you are all that uneducated/unintelligent , so i think you realize yourself that you are very intellectually dishonest with statements like you just made . 
  let 's take a very prominent example , stoning as a punishment for adultary . 
  in islam , you have mohammed himself * ordering * for people getting stoned . 
  because of that , it is part of sharia and still practiced in many muslim countries . 
  on the other hand you have jesus , very famously in john 8:7 , * stopping * a stoning of a woman , by saying `` let any one of you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone at her . '', 
  and everyone droped their stones to the ground and went home , and the woman lived . 
  see the difference ? 
  you will have a very hard time finding hate in jesus ' own preaching . 
  does n't mean there ca n't be christian hate preachers . 
  i think steven anderson , a baptist preacher from the us , would qualify for example . 
  but if you - rationally and intellectually - compare both the biographies and words of jesus and mohammed , there is no possible way you can come to the conclusion they are the same . 
  that 's very true what the priest said . 
  my point was , you ca n't - as a christian - go to a mosque and do a muslim service there , praying muslim prayers . 
  you can watch , or if it 's an interfaith ceremony that sometimes happens , you can participate in that . 
  but you ca n't skip sunday mass and go to muslim friday prayer instead . 
  or do ramadan instead of lent . 
  by doing all that , you stop being a christian . 
  and the same goes for a christan woman wearing a hijab . 
  you are misinformed . 
  [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/34/17/a7/3417a77c6583fb8b48aea337940dfb2e.jpg ) is a christian veil , and [ this ] ( https://ayisah.com/images/zoom/jet-black-svart-georgette-instant-hijab-5ka9a-1.jpg ) is a hijab . 
  the hijab is a symbol of islam , and by wearing it , you present yourself as a muslim in front of the world . 
  which is denying jesus . 
  the same way you ca n't have your sunday mass in a mosque , even tho like a church it 's `` just a building '' . 
  you can show solidarity with other faiths , and fight for other peoples freedom of religion , and show people of other faiths love , without commiting sins while doing so . 
  indeed , we may use veils , not hijabs . 
  the latter tho is what vdb meant in his statement . 
  he did n't ask us to wear catholic or mennonite veils in solidarity . 
  nope , my god 's name is jesus , and denying him by following the rules of a false prophet is a sin i 'm not willing to commit , just because the president asks me to . 
  i 'm a woman , he 's a man .
