  would the refugees actually go to spain tho ? 
  i know portugal was willing to take in people from the camps in greece , but hardly anybody took the offer , cause they were hoping to get to germany after all . 
  the numbers of belgium and austria are right up there with poland and hungary ; so nah , that argument does n't really explain it . 
  there 's more to it than that . 
  to the surprise of absolutely no one ... 
  if you mean ` progressive ' as in lgbt rights , abortion rights , ... things like that , the us is more progressive than most of europe . 
  thinking about it a bit longer , there are way more problems for a joined curriculum . 
  what about history ? 
  yes , there is overall european history , but each country also has hundreds of years of it 's own . 
  how do we choose what will be taught and what is n't ? 
  ( because you ca n't possibly fit everything about every country in ) and what about literature ? 
  the mandatory reading list is different for each country . 
  what will stay in the curriculum and what will be kicked out ? 
  with so many things not making the cut , do n't you think i huge amount of knowledge will be lost in future generations because they never learned it in school ? 
  would n't the school example only be realistic if we scratch our own languages and make it mandatory to all speak the same ? 
  you honestly never see women [ like this one ] ( http://www.dasbiber.at/sites/default/files/styles/img_490_294/public/field/image/20160225_pd18214.hr_.jpg?itok=5nj4fquw ) in favoriten ? 
  i see them daily here in floridsdorf . 
  daily , in my part of vienna ( 21st district ), 
  go to any kind of lidl/penny/hofer in floridsdorf , and in a single day you will see enough for a lifetime . 
  or to any kindergarten when it 's time to pick up the children . 
  how else would we do it then tho ? 
  to make sure that big countries like germany and france do n't completely overpower countries like austria and finland ? 
  the only way i would begrudgingly maybe accept it , if we 'll have a system like they have in the us . 
  like their electoral college . 
  to make sure small countries have just as much say as big ones . 
  and things like gun laws , school laws , ... must all still be 100 % decisions of the individual countries . 
  but i somehow doubt the people who are pushing for a federal europe would like that . 
  no , i do n't want to be ruled by germany any more than we already are . 
  with those reactions , more like 8 more years, 
  i 'm a christian & i vote for a christian party , so it 's nice for me to see . 
  i understand tho that other people feel otherwise . 
  they way it is done in that picture i actually do n't have a problem with . 
  it 's the same how it was still done in catholic church when i was a child . 
  the reason i have no problem with it is that it 's still equal , with both men & women in first row . 
  very different to other events where only men are allowed in the front and all women have to stay way back where you ca n't even see anything anymore . 
  the bit about serbia is fake news !, 
  serbia has heated asylum centers , but many refuse to go there because there they would have to claim asylum in serbia and then ca n't move on to germany which is their main goal . 
  blaming serbia for that would be like blaming an owner of a cheap motel who offers free rooms for homeless people , but they refuse cause they wan na go to the ritz carlton instead . 
  the other side was n't much better either tho , right ? 
  i heard lots and lots of talk about how the attacker must have been a self-hating gay man himself and that him being gay was the motive for what he did . 
  even though he talked about isis , had contact in the past with an islamic suicide bomber , and his father also being a shady , radical guy . 
  we can bring them all to luxembourg instead , i 'd have no problem with that solution . 
  ca n't speak for all of europe , but when police here raids weapon stashes of islamists ( or biker gangs or whoever ) it 's always illegal weapons . 
  very often war weapons from the balkan wars that are still in circulation on the black market . 
  it 's never registered , legal guns - that are pretty easy to get in austria btw . 
  because the us has several social problems that western european countries do n't have . 
  there is no swiss equivalent to cities like detroit , baltimore or chicago . 
  there are no gangs equivalent to the bloods & the crips operating in switzerland . 
  for the huge majority of swiss people life is probably pretty decent , with enough safety nets if they do find themselves in hard times . 
  the arrivals stopped because austria was able to get the balkan countries together to close the borders . 
  that was the real reason , the turkey deal is just some bullshit . 
  true , but he 's not 16 , he 's 12 . 
  that 's not even teenager yet . 
  proper parents still have their 12-year-olds under control , and know where they are in their freetime ; know who they talk to , ... 
  as far as i remember that case , it was the grandmother who alerted authorities ; the mother herself is member of a radical mosque , wears a burka and watched isis videos at home with her daughter . 
  for all we know , the parents might have been very proud of their little martyr who would have brought great honor to the family . 
  same case with that 15-year-old girl who stabbed a german police officer . 
  she was in videos with a radical salafist hate preacher and in full veil at the age of 7 . 
  why are people in here believing that she regrets joining isis ? 
  please , she regrets being * caught * . 
  if she would n't have been caught , she would still to this day happily behead & stone people , and help her husband rape his slaves . 
  do n't trust a single word coming out of a terrorists mouth . 
  to be fair , there have been anti-trump women marches all over europe . 
  so it 's not that far of a stretch to think that . 
  so we are back to gay being a choice , and a lifestyle you can `` make '' other people have ? 
  i ca n't keep up . 
  or maybe it 's not false offers that attracts them to isis , but they * want * the fundi-islamic lifestyle , and fight & die in jihad . 
  women can choose their own evil ideology too , not just men . 
  why do they use milo 's picture for this ? 
  he is very much a christian , not an atheist . 
  that would kill my sex drive . 
  when those kids become teenagers and start to rebel against their parents , they are gon na become full-on strict-gender-rules religious fundamentalists , wo n't they ? 
  the koch brothers did not support trump for president ; they made quite a point of not endorsing him and what a bad choice he is in their opinion . 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  they are singing along to a song and are happily clapping . 
  the flag does n't change if it 's an early celebration or not , when they are already doing the singing & clapping & happy faces . 
  christians are the other group . 
  there have been many attacks on christian refugees in asylum centers . 
  where do they stare at you ? 
  if it 's in the subway u6 , they are drug dealers . 
  why ? 
  if all works like it 's supposed to work , then they have experts for this . 
  language is one of the factors that make identification possible . 
  someone from syria will know if the person he is speaking to is also speaking syrian arabic , or tunesian arabic instead ; the same way i as a german native speaker can recognize within seconds if someone is from west-austria or north-germany as soon as they open their mouths . 
  is n't sweden the country who keeps on declining in the human development index , and not the `` awful '' poland & hungary ? 
  with every burning car on tv , 10 000 new people will decide to vote for a conservative law & order party . 
  which in germanys case i guess merkel can provide . 
  it will be a big win for her . 
  seeing all those videos filmed from perfect sniper positions sure as hell makes my trigger finger twitch a little , lol . 
  burning down the seat ibiza of some random single mum sure will show erdogan & putin who 's boss . 
  evil evil capitalism , super meany mean trump , the fact that their mommies never loved them , ... the usual . 
  it actually is . 
  the austrian/italian border goes straight through the alps . 
  [ that 's ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e6/brennerpass_from_north.jpg/330px-brennerpass_from_north.jpg ) what it looks like . 
  and our soldiers are good climbers xd, 
  please keep in mind that we took in something like 7 times more refugees than italy did . 
  even tho you are a country of 60 million people , and we are a country of not even 9 million . 
  let that sink into your head . 
  what that means for austria . 
  italy also did n't register many refugees and waved them up north .
