  not registering means we ca n't send them back via dublin agreements . 
  and what you call tactic & myth , is in reality what has stopped the balkan route . 
  europe should be on their knees thanking us tbh . 
  there is a law that prevents having the military operate inside the country , afaik . 
   sending the police was too hard ? 
  our police is working non-stop on terrorism , rising crime and other borders . 
  there is simply nobody left except the military . 
  yes , pandur is a tank . 
  the austrian/hungarian border is still controlled . 
  but with police , not military . 
  they could always just give us back south tyrolia , than they would n't have to see our soldiers on the brenner from their borders . 
  win-win :d, 
  germany has 1600 gef\u00e4hrder ( = islamists who authorities believe to be willing/planning to commit attacks ) with sweden being a bit more naive , the number in the article does n't sound too unrealistic . 
  those were the days ... 
  good for you , czechs !, 
  i lived in famagusta as a child . 
  happiest time of my life . 
  i 've watched enough episodes of homeland to know you got ta keep a watchful eye on him now !, 
  that 's up for you to decide . 
  judging by our immigration numbers tho , it seems that foreigners * love * to live in racist austria , sooo ... 
  only ~ 50 % of people in vienna are full ethnic austrians , so even if we were racist , you would n't meet many of us there anyway . 
  also , go to innsbruck or salzburg if catholicism is important to you . 
  self sefence is a valid reason in austria to own guns . 
  the only reason actually they ca n't deny you . 
  if you register a gun for sports or hunting or any other reason , they might not let you have it , but every austrian is allowed to own at least 2 guns for self defense . 
  how do you explain the terrorist attacks by the same group within countries like afghanistan or pakistan then ? 
  they do n't treat themselves like humans and go crazy ? 
  that those cultural groups ca n't co-exist with other cultures without blood flowing is the best argument to keep them out of europe , is n't it ? 
  because here they 'd have to live alongside many different cultures , too . 
  interestingly enough , the [ first isis attack on german soil ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/sikh-temple-bombing-in-germany-was-carried-out-by-isis-sympathisers-a7007166.html ) was against sikhs . 
  and before the attackers were caught , i remember many comments how it must have been neo-nazis who are too stupid to know the difference between sikhs and muslims . 
  there were [ 40,000 people ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/ausland/protest-gegen-breivik-oslo-singt-gegen-den-hass-an-11731540.html ) on the streets of oslo when breivik 's trial started . 
  they all had nothing to do with it , they still chose to go on the streets . 
  swedish jihadists arrested while travelling through poland , maybe ? 
  nope , i am and feel austrian only . 
  the whole point of christianity is that jesus is the son of god , and died for our sins and resurrected from the dead . 
  without this one event , there would be no such thing as christianity . 
  and that 's why we have nothing in common with islam . 
  it 's not only wonderbread , it 's all kind of pre-packaged bread and bagles and english breakfast muffins . 
  it 's all very sweet . 
  and there 's no austrian style farmers bread , but to be fair , no country except for maybe germany comes close to that anyway . 
  192 people died in the al-qaeda madrid train bombing in 2004 . 
  yes , not isis , but maybe spain simply was lucky so far and foiled all recently planned attacks . 
  it 's trendy on reddit to make fun of america 's boner for free speech , but cases like this is what they are fighting against . 
  i do . 
  everytime someone is saying that jesus preached love , someone else comes along all `` aaactually jesus said he is bringing the sword/devision not peace '' . 
  you say we did n't explain but it got explained in this very reddit conversation . 
  u/xuande explained it perfectly :  the context of that quote is that jesus is warning his disciples that following him will lead to persecution and cause a rift in families , and that is the price of believing . 
  see also matthew 10 and mark 13 . 
  what do you not understand about it ? 
  those 2 verses out of context ( and it 's not even difficult context to understand ) are the only 2 bible verses anti-christians bring up . 
  over and over again . 
  it 's always a lone attacker , but then in the days and weeks after the attack , dozens of others are arrested in relation to it . 
  it depends . 
  i 'm a jesus-loving , capitalism-worshipping , commie-feminism-hating conservative & patriotic woman , and i get more upvotes than downvotes there , 
   she should accept the full social consequences of that , so no whining if they do n't get certain jobs where you need face-to-face communication this would be a powerfull tool to assimilate if we were n't a welfare state . 
  it works like that in a lot of countries , and it does n't stop people from voting . 
  he is god 's gift to austria . 
  it 's the same kind of movement that is bitching that tampons should be free , but have no problem spending 10 $ each day at starbucks . 
  nobody who was n't in the military themselves for a significant time should be allowed to have that position , imo . 
  not every american works a minimum wage job with no health insurance or other kinds of benefits . 
  if you have a good paying job , you have a very good life in the us . 
  it does n't matter , but since i never been to one of those pulse of europe thingies , it would be interesting to know what kind of crowd it attracts . 
  it 's often desribed as a movement attractive to young people , since the younger generation is believed to be more pro-eu , but judging from this picture alone , that argument gets debunked . 
  so again , would be interesting to know if this picture just happens to show a demographic usually underrepresented at pulse of europe , or if you indeed get a good amount of older people there . 
  he is , the woman in the hijab too . 
  but everybody else on that picture that you can see is old/older . 
  a lot of grey hair . 
  i 'm not exactly sure how i should understand your comment ? 
  anyway , it 's an interesting question to ask . 
  we know there is a group of dual-citizenship turks in europe that vote left-wing in europe ( cause it 's the best choice for them being a minority ) but vote erdogan in turkey . 
  how would we define their political opinions ? 
  this is a true weakness of the left . 
  like with the women 's march . 
  they got in impressive number of people , but it was so all over the place , that you could n't actually pin-point what exactly they were protesting against . 
  imagine the same number of people protesting one specific thing . 
  with a specific goal and a specific plan how to get there . 
  i give you the gay flag , but not the hijab . 
  for example , in my city ( vienna ) there were lots of pro-erdogan demonstrations . 
  with lots of hijabs . 
  and erdogan is definitely far-right . 
  just the turkish flavor of far-right . 
  so let 's say the eu really becomes the one super-state some people want it to be ... would the europe flag * then * be a symbol of nationalism ? 
  if they had all french flags instead of europe flags , and called that home , they 'd probably be called a far-right mob , lol . 
  according to regular polls , he is the most popular austrian politician steadily since years . 
  he is tough on immigration ; he arranged the meetings that led to closing the balkan route for refugees ; he proposes refugee camps off-shore from europe ; very critical against erdogan , ... and he 's young & cute & a good talker . 
  that sounds great tho !, 
  yeah , but whatever happens , the free market will take care of it . 
  with laptops gone and airlines reducing in-seat-entertainment , it wo n't be long until an airline offers tablets on every seat themselves - or at least for everyone who does n't have their own . 
  if you are not allowed to bring your own advice anymore , that trend will stop . 
  long distance flights offer in-seat-entertainment . 
  hundreds of movies , tv episodes , games , ... or be old-fashioned and bring a book , a magazine , talk to your neighbor or sleep . 
  was is mocked because of the age difference , or because she was his teacher ? 
  because you got ta admit it is a bit weird , especially since he was in the same class as her daughter , right ? 
  think about it . 
  your classmate hooking up with your mom . 
  who 's also y' all 's teacher . 
  like i said in my first comment , currently 14 eu countries do n't agree with those values , including several countries who have a ban on same-sex marriage in their constitution . 
  do n't confuse happy eu buzzwords with the actual reality . 
  so do you believe if ireland had never joined the eu , you would never have voted for same-sex marriage ?
