  not really what you are looking for , but netflix is kinda working on it . 
  they already put out a french show ( ` marseille ' ) , then they have one from brazil ( ? 
  ... the 3 % dystopian one ) ... there will also be a german netflix show soon . 
  and netflix has a whole section for international movies , right ? 
  german amazon prime also just started producing original german content . 
  i know him because i watch the rubin report . 
  yes . 
  our police is in no way trigger shy when bad situations come up ; those just do n't happen all that often . 
  we are catholic ; we are more patriotic ; we do everything a bit slower ; we are more conservative ( politically & culturally ) , ... 
  lol , as if someone like you would ever get close enough to a woman to be in this situation, 
  i watch american and british movies/shows for drama & action & sci-fi ... but when it comes to humor i only actually really laugh watching productions from my own country or bavarian stuff . 
  humor just does n't translate all that well over borders , nothing funnier than laughing at yourself & your own group of people . 
  with 49 % fp\u00d6 voters , they should be afraid , 
  your logic to say all hofer voters are fp\u00d6 voters still does n't make sense . 
  or how can you explain how hofer got 49 % of the votes , but only a few weeks after fp\u00d6 is polling at around 33 % again like it did for a while now ?!, 
  are you also calling all vdb voters green ? 
  in a presidental election in austria you do n't vote for a party , but for a single person who will then have to stop all their work in the party they belonged to and take on a nonpartisan position . 
  please do n't spread fake news about me ; i am an \u00d6vp voter and nothing but an \u00d6vp voter since 13 years . 
  but food only makes up a tiny part of a culture . 
  other things are way more important . 
  i feel like reddit is not really that known in europe yet , and the circles it is known in are generally more male oriented ? 
  like gaming and such . 
  i 'm female , and i found reddit by complete accident . 
  tumblr on the other hand seems to have a female majority . 
  also back in the day i hung out on livejournal a lot , that platform was also very female dominated . 
  and when livejournal died people moved to tumblr . 
  i sing it quite often . 
  in the football stadium and other sport events . 
  only in the old version tho . 
  they recently changed some words to turn ` great sons ' into ` sons & daughters ' - as a daughter i say f * ck that !, 
  same with everyone else in the stadium , we all make sure to sing that part extra loud so it can be heard on tv . 
  all true , but ( and this is only what i think i know about amish schools , so someone correct me if i 'm wrong ) : amish education is very basic to their needs & does n't go beyond that . 
  they teach them reading , writing , some math , ... and there is no schooling after 8th grade . 
  what they do n't teach them is biology , geography , chemistry , ... and this is something you could n't do in austria . 
  homeschooling or not , there is a curriculum everyone has to more or less follow . 
  you can read up about it on wikipedia . 
  the us supreme court decided that `` the parents ' fundamental right to freedom of religion outweighed the state 's interest in educating its children . '', 
  i just really do n't think that would be possible here . 
  everything that has to do with their children , mostly . 
  afaik , they have their own school system set up and everything ? 
  i doubt that would be allowed here . 
  also in general just lots of things that would connect them to the secular world in ways i assume they do n't want . 
  mandatory health care insurance , the need for an id , ... 
  i think the amish are actually the one very good example where you can honestly say the usa grants more freedom than europe . 
  i simply ca n't imagine a group like them living here without getting in trouble with the government . 
  sexual intercourse . 
  i support banning people like you from this sub . 
  yes , i 'd like that for my own country . 
  there are enough muslims here alread that cause problems , we should take care of that situation first before letting anyone new in . 
  and i do n't mean only refugees btw . 
  the problems run way deeper . 
  for example as the info just got released : in the city of graz , half of all mosques are considered radical and under surveillance . 
  with numbers that high , it 's only smart to stop muslim immigration for a while . 
  if the eu ca n't keep existing without the support of the us , it was weak & useless all along . 
  salzburg & innsbruck are everything you are looking for in terms of culture and skiing and being cities that feel more like small towns ... but lots of tourism in both, 
  i never had any negative experiences at work ( or if they were negative , they did n't have anything to do with my gender ) . 
  granted , i was never in a higher-up position , so i ca n't speak for female bosses . 
  and as a conservative women , i may be less sensitive to certain issues , i guess . 
  for example , at my first real job , i had a lot of contact with an older & old-money-rich demographic , and i was called `` fr\u00e4ulein '' by almost every male client . 
  i could definitely see some women flipping their shit over that , but i actually really quite liked it . 
  i 'm a woman and nope , i do n't think men have any rights we do n't have . 
  i also personally ca n't relate to any topic feminists here talk about . 
  i would have voted for trump if i were american . 
  maybe not in the primaries where i 'd have prefered rubio . 
  i enjoyed the shaking up of the system that came with trump 's election . 
  it had the same effect on europe as well . 
  i enjoy seeing the people in power freaking out about him . 
  they probably thought things would always go on like they used to . 
  same with brexit . 
  sanders would probably fit right in with the social democrats in my country . 
  a party i would never vote for . 
  but at least with sanders , he actually seems sincere about his policies . 
  whereas here they 'd simply do anything to stay in power and have long forgotten their base . 
  i definitely see your problem , since there does n't seem much choice in many countries anymore on who you can actually , happily vote for ( and not just have a lesser-of-two-evils scenario ) for someone with your political views . 
  for example , the most pro-lgbt parties are also often for open borders . 
   going back to a religious europe is the last thing we need this is already happening , but not from the side you mention . 
  20 years ago we did n't have to talk about how to handle girls not being allowed to join a swimming class , boys refusing to shake their female teachers hand , and if we can keep pork on the menu or not . 
  hell no !, 
  it depends on what your plans are in europe . 
  for example , if you wan na start your own business , then absolutely stay in the us for it . 
  it will be way easier for you there than here . 
  your dad 's `` you are allowed to shine '' quote applies to that . 
  why is it silly ? 
  yes , only 20 % voted for him , but that does n't mean 80 % voted against him . 
  the 20 + % hillary/stein/johnson voters voted against him . 
  but for the rest : if you do n't go out on voting day to do your part in a democracy , it means you are okay with whatever outcome and are okay with your fellow country men making that decision for you . 
  my own country is deeply divided too , and if our presidential election would have gone a tiny bit differently , we 'd have the same leftist protests right now . 
  so yes , everybody understands . 
  the average person of course wo n't really care all that much . 
  people on this sub ( or reddit in general ) definitely have a bit of a deeper knowledge about us politics than ` regular ' people . 
  if people do n't show up to vote , they do n't have a right to complain about the result afterwards . 
  cuz they poop in the streets . 
  erdogan & how he controls the turkish people living here . 
  i grew up in a 500 year old valley where nobody ever moved to except maybe some people from the valley on the other side of the mountain ... so nope . 
  dated several american men , which lead me , a tiny woman , to sound like a mix between schwarzenegger & a character from the wire . 
  but at least i 've gotten pretty fluent xd, 
  i mean that if a newspaper here would write about for example federal law in the us , they would n't use the english words `` federal law '' in their text , they would use german words to describe what it means . 
  and at the same time i do n't go `` wow federal means something different here '' because we call nothing here `` federal '' because we do n't speak english . 
  you get what i mean ? 
  since most of us speak languages other than english in our countries , i do n't think this question ( as i understand it ) can be answered .
