  with the difference being that we do n't have open or concealed carry in europe like in the us . 
  does n't mean we do n't have guns at home . 
  yes , i 'm from a military family so i grew up around guns . 
  i 'm sick & tired of voting all the damn time already , but i will of course do it . 
  for the same candidate as the last two times . 
  do n't have them in austria , and i would not use them if we did . 
  how about a little package with stuff from the healthy organic snack sections from whole foods ? 
  they have a selection that is not as easily available here ( go raw chips , seaweed snacks , ... ), 
  stop all foreign ( especially saudi ) funding of mosques ; not allowing foreign imams in the country ; deportation of all non-citiziens that have ties to any kind of terrorist group ( isis or others ), 
  it 's true tho from a theological standpoint , is n't it ? 
  now if certain muslim people actually practice that rule is a different matter . 
  same way catholics are theologically not allowed to get a divorce , yet there are lots of divorced catholic people . 
  space mountain in paris is 1000 times better than it is in orlando . 
  the other magic kingdom stuff is pretty much the same tho . 
  i like both . 
  biggest difference is that our right-wing guys are career politicians , who are holding various political positions since a while , and are not complete outsiders like trump is . 
  chili cheese fries & sloppy joe 's, 
   worst case going to syria to fight trump you wo n't need to worry about things like visas ever again after you 've done that . 
  people have and absolutely should have the right to protest . 
  what 's way more silly to me is , that there 's this online petition about changing the system * right now * and make hillary president . 
  same thing with the petition about changing brexit . 
  guess what , there already was a petition . 
  it was called the election , and you lost . 
  our media here was actually pretty good in analysing why people voted for trump . 
  lots of reports before the election , with austrian journalists going to rural areas of the us , to talk to trump voters . 
  so anyone who has paid attention knows exactly * why * people support trump . 
  austria has a very strong populist right-wing since years & years tho , so trump is n't actually that out there for us . 
  you 'll be surprised how many people here like trump . 
  way more so than bush . 
  in the end tho , that 's not really americas problem , is it ? 
  so many europeans do nothing but complain about how the us needs to stop playing world police and always getting into everyones business , causing trouble . 
  and now someone comes along who actually does n't want to interfere anymore , and that 's not right either ? 
  us europeans need to come up with our own military solutions . 
  clinton is a war hawk . 
  trump so far seems to wan na keep out of conflicts , focus on domestic issues first * and * wants to keep friendly relations with russia . 
  unlike clinton . 
  it 's clinton i would have been worried about concerning russia , not trump . 
  no same-sex marriage in austria . 
  regardless of asylum which they will of course not be eligible for , it 's always hilarious to me when people from western countries proclaim in an overly dramatic fashion they are gon na move somewhere else is this or that person get 's elected . 
  like when in the us the highest court was deciding on same-sex marriage , and people on twitter were like * `` i 'm gon na leave the us and move to europe if they do n't allow it !, 
  '' * and then mentioned germany as one of the countries they wan na move to . 
  and i was like * `` uhm , i have some news for you regarding germany and same-sex marriage '' * . 
  i feel like in modern discussions , if anything , the part of the russians is downplayed the most . 
  i remember when that website got linked a lot , that showed all the fallen soldiers of each country in ww2 , in a really intense movie graphic . 
  and the list of the fallen russians just goes on and on and on ... 
  there were so many comments of people expressing shock that they had no idea how many had died . 
  because it 's talked about so little . 
  the refugee crisis is a big factor in changing the political landscape , so it will affect all of us in one way or the other . 
  if for better or worse depends on where you stand politically . 
  financially , they are a big burden , nobody can deny that . 
  especially for my city ( vienna ) as most refugees are moving here eventually , even if they first got placed somewhere else in austria . 
  the money the refugees themselves get for living is probably the smallest factor in all of that . 
  the need for more healthcare , more teachers , more police , ... are the big things . 
  as for me personally , there are a few areas that i avoid at night now , since more rapes have been happening . 
  that statement often gets shut down with * `` blah blah you are sooo much more likely to get raped by your own bf than out on the streets '' * but i 'm a tiny woman who ca n't physically defend herself , so i rather be extra-safe than sorry . 
  not having the tax added to price tags . 
  makes it difficult & annoying to shop on a strict budget when you are as mathematically challenged as i am . 
  from vienna , you could do a day trip to bratislava , and take a ship down the danube to get there . 
  bratislava is a very nice city , and getting there by boat is a bit more exciting than taking a train , so i 'm sure she would enjoy it . 
  it 's the area i 'm most interested in from a historical point of view & also for personal faith reasons . 
  it simply sounds amazing to me to see jerusalem for myself , instead of only every hearing and reading about it . 
  also , i have several friends and family members who have visited tel aviv , and they all rave about what a great city it is . 
  not technologies per se , but internet & phone plans are waaay cheaper in my country than in the us . 
  which is definitely an advantage . 
  oh , and american friends who visit me are always amazed that i have a washer/dryer combo . 
  it 's one device . 
  you put your dirty laundry in and it comes out clean & dry . 
  that 's why i have her facing away from the bed lol, 
  cross in the kitchen , picture of virgin mary in the bedroom . 
  we have the saying * ` austria has 8 million team coaches ' * for when everyone always knows everything better concerning the national football team . 
  and i guess * besserwisser * for everything else ? 
  sebastian kurz , our foreign minister, 
  because when i 'm in the us , i do n't buy a new american sim card for my phone , i use my european sim card . 
  and while i have unlimited texts and minutes in my own country , in every other country i have to pay expensive roaming prices . 
  i 'd have to pay like 20 cents or something for every text i send you , but whatsapp will still be free if i 'm connected to wifi . 
  i remember a reddit post where a video was posted about something cool happening on the football field , but most of the hundreds of comments were expressions of shock and wtf a la `` does nobody notice the stadium is burning down in the background ? 
  why is nobody panicking ?? '' ... 
  when in fact it was just some ultras burning flares . 
  so i guess that 's a big difference . 
  we also often need fences inside the stadium , to keep the different fan groups seperated from each other . 
  and riot police . 
  kacey musgraves is my favourite . 
  depends . 
  it does n't really come across in your post if you are muslim yourself , or just worried people will assume you are muslim because of the way you look . 
  either way , if you keep your religion private , learn the language of your new country and do things like the locals do them , you wo n't have any problems . 
  but if you ( or your wife , if you are male ) insist on wearing a niqab , and do n't let your daughter participate in school sports because it 's haram , ... then you 'll have a big problem . 
  edit : if you wan na escape that bias you talked about also from a more general view like not hearing politicians talk about it anymore , then do n't come to europe . 
  stopping muslim immigration is the # 1 topic of many political parties all over the continent . 
  i got into country music via the tv show ` nashville ' and when i went to a concert here , most people i talked to got into it while being on vacation in the us . 
  it 's the same thing like when you guys fine your bakeries if they do n't bake gay wedding cakes . 
  something like an authentic native american scarve , that she can put over her shoulders ? 
  or a quilt . 
  quilts are very american to me . 
  i like his hair . 
  yeah , the ` switch immediately ' is kinda the point . 
  you and i can easily surround ourselves with english all day because ( i assume ) we both already speak our own language perfectly and are truly bilingual . 
  but the people i was talking about do n't speak german . 
  they do n't even try . 
  and they do n't teach their kids any german because they believe the school system will take care of it . 
  problem with that is , those kids will get into schools with 50 + % students from the same exact situation , who also do n't speak much german and so there will never be a chance to learn .
