  and so a whole new generation is already lost again . 
  i feel that integration can best be seen when you look at the children of immigrants . 
  if someone moves here as an adult , it 's understandable that they ca n't make a complete change . 
  their children who will be born here however , i expect them to be like austrians , and if they are n't , the family has failed . 
  as an example , we have turkish people here in 2nd or 3rd generation who still only speak turkish at home , only watch turkish tv , and would never allow their children to date/marry anyone who is not turkish . 
  these people are not austrian and never will be . 
  well , if you count chechens as russians , than maybe yeah . 
  they are only a tiny minority of our population , but quite overrepresented in our prisons . 
  also , half of the people who left austria to join isis are chechens . 
  i doubt most austrians see them as actual russians tho , but as an own , seperate group . 
  the quality of our bread & other bakery products . 
  the way we traditionally celebrate christmas & advent . 
  i adore the plot of les miserables , having seen different movie adaptations and the musical countless of times , but i just ca n't get through that brick of a book no matter how many times i try :(, 
  [ schachnovelle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_royal_game ) by stefan zweig . 
  i also love everything by franz kafka , who technically was kinda austrian while he was writing , if that counts . 
  i have a car that i maybe use twice a month . 
  and that 's it . 
  equal or better in some regards . 
  worse in others . 
  for example , poor people in the us have it harder than poor people in most of europe , since we have more safety nets . 
  western rural austria , and rural bavaria . 
  but i might be biased . 
  yes , for the sole reason of celebrating royal weddings & royal babies . 
  do n't call austrians eastern europeans . 
  do n't call us germans either . 
  then you should be fine  also , do n't talk too loudly in restaurants , on the subway , ... 
  i think that 's the one big stereotype about american tourists in europe , that you guys are so damn loud . 
  always keep some cash on you , cause smaller shops & food places might not accept paying with card . 
  all shops are closed on sundays , so be prepared for that . 
  be quiet when you visit a church . 
  most young people & people working in touristy areas are speaking english , but it 's still polite to ask them ` do you speak english ? '', 
  before asking your questions , and not just assume they will understand you . 
  always stand on the right side of the escalator , and keep the left side free for people who are in a hurry . 
  in a restaurant , if you want another drink or something , you might have to actually give your waiter a hand sign , cause they do n't check up on you as often as the do in the us . 
  in austria , you ca n't just order ` coffee ' - you have to specify what kind of coffee you want ( espresso , capuccino , melange , ... ) hope you have a great time , 
  because it 's the last celebration before lent begins, 
  cyprus, 
  absolutely not . 
  if you care enough for a country that you wan na have a say in elections , apply for citizenship . 
  believing roman-catholic , daily prayer , daily bible reading, 
  my first trip was to florida , because my friend & i wanted to go to the ` wizarding world of harry potter ' when it opened . 
  and of course do all the other entertainment that orlando has to offer ( the rest of universal , disneyworld , titanic experience , ... 
  the holy land park !!, 
  - that was wtf-worthy , but very entertaining ) . 
  i had very high expectations for that trip , and i was n't disappointed - it was amazing :d you guys definitely know how to do theme parks . 
  we did n't rent a car which i first thought would be a problem , but it was not . 
  there were plenty of shuttle buses taking you from your motel to the parks , and the little trolley that takes you everywhere on international drive . 
  the only thing i disliked about florida is how cold it was everywhere inside due to the ac . 
  for me , it was too cold to be pleasant in restaurants and such , even if i did bring something additional to wear with me . 
  recently , i have also spent some time in portland , oregon . 
  very friendly people , nice food , great nature surrounding it , ... however something i could n't get used to was the large amount of homeless people . 
  it was extremely shocking , and nothing like i had ever seen in europe . 
  i used the max one morning to drive to voodoo doughnuts , and it was just street after street of people sleeping on the sidewalk . 
  nobody homeless ever bothered me , and i did n't feel unsafe ... but i still felt very uncomfortable and was emotionally overwhelmed by the situation . 
  think about how boring the world cup would be if all individual eu countries would n't participate anymore . 
  the world cup would have to either scale down on teams and would be shorter ; or fill the now open spots with countries who normally would n't have a chance to qualify . 
  and in the tournament those teams will have next to no chance against the eu team ( or brazil or argentina ) and some amazingly good players might even never make it to a world cup at all , because there 's someone else playing their position who 's just a tiny bit better . 
  hmm , that 's a difficult questions for me to answer , since all my early travel experiences where as a child , and either the memories are kinda fading or i did n't have much expectations in the first place . 
  what might be an answer for that ( even tho it 's something i only started noticing when i travelled as an adult ) is that how much of an impact it made for me leaving europe and travelled to a different continent . 
  i travelled withing europe a lot , and every country is of course very different ; but yet i still feel more at home in amsterdam or helsinki or any other european city , than i felt in the us for example . 
  i guess within europe , even if i do n't speak the language of the particular country , i just do n't feel like a tourist . 
  but as soon as i step out of the european borders , it 's whole different feeling . 
  i hope you can make it to austria one day :d, 
  travelled & sometimes lived abroad since a baby , but the first time i actually did some planing myself in what i wanted to see & do where we went , must have been when we went to egypt when i was 12 . 
  i was obsessed with ancient egypt history back then , so it was an amazing trip , where i mostly pretended i was an archeologist xd, 
  and especially no in regards to the turkey-deal . 
  i 'm not sure if that is your question , but if a non-european would ask me how to experience europe best , i would recommend not doing 8 cities in 14 days , but pick one single country and spend time there in both a major city and rural areas . 
  not that there is anything wrong with the other choice . 
  if someone sees a trip to europe as a one-in-a-lifetime thing , and probably wo n't be coming back for a second time , it 's perfectly understandable that they want to see the usual cities & sights ( paris , london , rome , ... ), 
  americans in general are more friendly than europeans when it comes to interacting with strangers . 
  lots of small talk on the bus and so on , that does n't happen in austria for example . 
  when it comes to being laid back in terms of lifestyle though , then you might have a point . 
  especially when it comes to work . 
  we have lots of holidays , everything closes down on sunday , you can have a relaxing lunch break , smoke breaks , ... it 's easier being chill when you are not overworked , 
  would probably be a social-democrat ( sp\u00d6 ) here in my country . 
  so right now , he would not be very popular . 
  it can get up to 38 on extreme days . 
  but usual summer days are somewhere between 26 - 32 . 
  vienna especially can get pretty brutal summer heat , most notable on our public transports without air condition . 
  what all of our assis seem to have in common is that their main source of nourishment is cheap energy drinks . 
  they also do n't give up those drinks during pregnancy , so you can imagine how their kids behave . 
  flags - guns - jesus, 
  currently listening to coffee break spanish : https://radiolingua.com/coffeebreakspanish/, 
  native is german , and the only foreign language i 'm really fluent in is english . 
  i had latin and spanish in school , and i 'm currently trying to get back into spanish with duolingo and podcasts . 
  other than that , only some very basic finnish & french . 
  apart from tasting a bit of beer & wine as a child , first time really getting drunk was with 13 , with tequila . 
  had my first kiss that night , too . 
  no marriage but they can get civil partnership . 
  adoption is allowed since the beginning of this year . 
  artifical insemination for lesbian couples is allowed since 2014 ( it 's not allowed for single women tho , no matter their sexual orientation ) . 
  surrogacy is not allowed . 
  they are allowed to serve in the army . 
  or in case of gay men , they even have to , since we have mandatory military service . 
  i would be fine with both . 
  france because after all they 've been through in the last year , the country deserves something to be happy about and i think everybody would be happy with them . 
  and portugal because i always had a soft spot for cristiano ronaldo and i 'd like to see him win one big tournament with his country . 
  some immigrant groups show no signs of interest in `` melting '' with austrian culture . 
  they live in complete parallel societies . 
  that does n't need to bother you , but if their culture is going against our legal system ( child marriages , polygamy , no or limited education for girls , ... or hiding your face/identity in public , like in the swiss case ) then you ca n't just let that fly with saying ` let them practice whatever culture they want ' .
