probably the first to invade our air space too . 
  source ? 
  what a twat . 
  it 's actually costing more to collect the money ... 
  i had a meter installed outside my house a few weeks ago . 
  the price is fixed at $ 160 a year until 2019 , with a $ 100 rebate for registered users . 
  this is as a result of all the protests , metered cost for an average family were going to be  $ 600 a year . 
  the concept of charging for water might have been accepted by the population , had the body created to manage the system not been a hotbed of corruption and incompetence from the beginning . 
  it also seems to have been created with the intention of privatising it , which does n't appeal to anyone . 
  there seems to be a slow growth in overall employment , which is very welcome . 
  the current government are generally unpopular due to the enthusiasm with which they enforced austerity . 
  they also oversaw the immense failure of a quango that irish water turned out to be . 
  basically , public water was funded through general taxation and managed through local authorities . 
  a mandate from europe that water should be paid for directly , and an aging infrastructure that only saw the absolute minimum of investment for the last few decades prompted the creation of a national body that would manage public water and charge via metered consumption , what ensued was a clusterfuck of corrupt chronism on a scale that would embarrass the italians . 
  sf will not likely have a majority in government any time soon . 
  their leader has far too much blood on his hands for them to be palatable to most voters . 
  it depends on your perspective . 
  i 'd just be happy if she got her heel off ireland 's neck . 
  and nothing of value will be lost . 
  yeah [ samhain ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/samhain ) is very much an irish thing . 
  just because his opinion is unpopular does n't make him a troll . 
  because they met some ? 
  its fast becoming a technicality here in ireland . 
  we voted on the lisbon treaty until we got it `` right '' . 
  i can only assume the same for future issues . 
  eliminating pay rises for senior civil servants is considered unconstitutional , but levying `` social charges '' on everyone else is done without a moments thought . 
  joining the eu is probably a bad idea for iceland . 
  they have a massive population to resource ratio . 
  best for them to remain on their own . 
  yeah it 's full of irishisms , it portrays the irish sense of humour brilliantly . 
  also check out in bruges from the same makers , it also has brendan gleeson in it . 
  [ the guard ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1540133/ ), 
  you are thinking of narnia * redditor living in ulster *, 
  [ you can clearly see here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1gxqaj4hsi&amp;t=5m53s ) that they have highlighted great briton and all of ireland , whilst he talks about just great briton . 
  that video does n't even know the difference between ireland and briton , for that reason alone i find it an unreliable source . 
   look forward to : refugee crisis , italian banking system collapse , lepenn election . 
  and you 're above projection . 
  you clearly do n't understand how non eu refugees are handled in ireland . 
  your xenophobia just flushed your mighty empire down the shitter . 
  enjoy the ride . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait and see who fairs best . 
  good luck with having to allow free movement as part of your brexit negotiations . 
  that 'll be embarrassing ... 
  i honestly do n't care what you do . 
  your `` empire '' has shrunk , and is about to shrink further . 
  enjoy your bubble . 
  have fun waiting for the eu to let you know what your life is going to be like post brexit . 
  your pronunciation is one thing , you do realise you 're typing ts instead of ds . 
  still butt hurt about the rising ? 
  then you do n't get a say . 
  you 're a fool . 
  you 're blaming the eu for maintaining their borders , while continuing to ignore that the uk voted to leave the eu . 
  it 's the height of ignorance to place the blame for this disaster on anyone 's heads but your own . 
  i think we 're done her , you fucking clown . 
  if anyone sounds like a ukip supporter it 's you . 
  blindly lecturing me on the customs union , while ignoring the fact that it was the uk 's decision to leave it , oblivious to the consequences . 
  recent polls show that a reunification referendum would fail in ni . 
  a special exception could have been made to keep ni in the eu free market , but theresa may specifically refused to request one , even though it would avoid creating a border . 
  fuck the uk . 
  what left me bitter is your baseless accusation that the eu is responsible for the potential border . 
  this is a situation created by the uk . 
  well again i have to educate you . 
  our pm has asked for just that , whilst theresa may has explicitly said their should be no exceptions . 
  ni is a country in the uk . 
  why you think it is ireland 's responsibility to ensure it 's future is a mystery . 
  i 'm from donegal , which goes to show your level of understanding . 
  three of the ulster counties are in ireland , the other six make up northern ireland . 
  i 'm glad i could educate you on this , and many other facts in this thread . 
  nope , this is all on you ( as a nation ) . 
  i 'm assuming you 're a dumbass for blaming the eu for enforcing a border , when it 's only going to be there because of the uks decision to leave . 
  that 's not how democracy works . 
  but you know that . 
  the irish do n't want a border , the only reason a border will happen is because the uk voted to leave the union . 
   the pm is asking for something that is already given . 
  the gfa was agreed while the uk was part of the eu . 
  if the uk decides to leave the eu , it creates problems . 
  you have decided you are a region outside of europe . 
  [ and then this happened ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-northern-ireland-38919953 ), 
  i 've heard a lot of this `` if the eu insists on a hard border '' you decided to leave , there was n't any discussion about how it would affect ni , the dup took foreign money to advertise pro leave in england . 
  you were duped , we are n't taking responsibility for your fuck up . 
  so you want to give donegal , cavan and monaghan to the uk ? 
  this is your solution to reduce arguments ... 
  in france ? 
  that 's just your opinion . 
  we do n't use it , and we get along just fine . 
  ireland officially does n't recognise it , the uk does n't use it anymore either . 
  it is quite rightly falling out of use . 
  it 'll disappear in time no doubt . 
  lol, 
  he is a passionate man , to be sure . 
  not really , it 's a little sad . 
  why would you have to ? 
  we 're separate entities . 
  british and irish isles covers most of it . 
  there are a few alternatives , `` these islands '' is what is officially used between the uk and ireland . 
  of course it does . 
  our discarding of the term just hurts your delicate west brit feelings . 
  britain and ireland , not so difficult is it ? 
  not by ireland it is n't , as we covered in our conversation above , which you have conveniently forgotten . 
  i 'm from donegal , why would n't i use the ulster flag ?
