   but morgenthau was exchanged he was n't even the worst of the lot . 
  thank god that fdr died . 
  if he or his wife would have had his way we would be worse of than bulgaria . 
  peter tauber ? 
  petry left her husband and children in order to have fun with her lover . 
  i am not sure if she is in a position to criticise . 
   meanwhile the black market of german weapons with origin in the krg reached the frontpage of the nyt you mean the one p1 and g3 that were discovered by german journalists and which caused a delivery stop for nearly 10 months which was only lifted after both the turkish and iraki governments agreed to it ? 
   meanwhile the shia militias in iraq only get rusty aks from iran . 
  last i checked iran is delivering hk g3 rifles and mg3 lmgs to irak . 
  after all they have a production license . 
  the same goes for turkey . 
  this is like blaming every ak on the black market on russia . 
  it 's nonsensical . 
   germany not asking for any kind of guarantees uhm what ? 
  how do you come up with this ? 
  germany has observers with various kurd units , trains them and actually only delivers weapons to those that guarantee that they wo n't use them against the irakis , turks or coalition forces . 
  does n't destroy my argument that it 's the least insane policy compared to any other big western country . 
  britain delivered weapons to fsa factions which later defected to al nusra and is . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/may/08/free-syrian-army-rebels-defect-islamist-group https://mobile.almasdarnews.com/article/3000-fsa-fighters-defect-isis-qalamoun-mountains/ http://mobile.wnd.com/2015/02/u-s-backed-syrian-group-joins-islamist-fighters/, 
  you mean like farage who missed a third of sessions in 2015 ? 
  so is ukip . 
  sonneborn at least tries to deliver a message with a deeper meaning . 
  last i checked we were only delivering medical supplies to the fsa and not even that directly . 
  i was on mobile so it looked like austria was light blue like italy and czech republic . 
  i like that . 
  as a german i would support stra\u00dfburg . 
  central location and already the hq of the franco-german brigade . 
  better than delivering them to radical sunni militias who outright join is . 
  first off , you can buy german camouflage literally everywhere . 
  in ukraine both sides have been seen using it . 
  and what german anti-tank missile ? 
  you are aware that not only we produce and use them but nearly half of europe does ? 
  it 's far more likely that it a french one . 
  and we actually have turkish observers with our units who delivered the weapons . 
  allow me to call bullshit on the metrics of this . 
  belarus and pakistan are supposedly more tolerant than austria or italy ? 
  honestly , when it comes to the middle east germany has had the least insane policies so far . 
  we stayed out of libya , refused to deliver weapons into syria , supported only the kurds in irak , became the leaders for reviving relations with iran and try to not stead up israeli paranoia . 
  because they are superior to you in every way . 
  interesting , here in bavaria we get the image that your government is against the benes degrees . 
  with herrmann visiting the sudeten-day in n\u00fcrnberg and apologizing , various towns officially apologizing and the good relationship with the csu . 
  while the bavarian occupants are already bad i will bath in \u00d6si blood before we become subjects of vienna !, 
  at least that 's what romanian friends told me : - /, 
  well , it actually was eu oversight and eu requirements . 
  this led to romanian politicans and bureaucrats actually getting shit done . 
  poland took part . 
  while it 's direct participation was very short , it funded various mercenerie armies who fought for the catholic league and helped to destabalize the hre . 
  we are like the least right wing area of bavaria . 
  while polish contribution was important , it 's way overhyped . 
  they only contributed a third of the forces that defeated the ottomans . 
  the largest contributors were imperial forces of the kaiser and loyal houses and bavaria . 
  if they are part of the member country ( like r\u00e9union or french guyana ) they are covered by the defence . 
  why should we fight about that ? 
  the french have just chosen a german assault rifle as their new standard rifle and the shift to a common weapon can easily take at least a decade . 
   if one of france or britain 's overseas territories is threatened ( for the sake of argument , the falklands ) are all eu members obligated to intervene ? 
  for france yes , but we wo n't have to worry about britain and its various special cases anymore . 
  says the belgian . 
  the swiss and chinese militaries and the history of austria-hungary seem to disprove of that . 
   there 's no such thing . 
  yet, 
  a bit outdated , no ? 
  berlin-munich has been finished a year ago . 
  and what major eu reform have they pushed against the will of germany or eastern europe over the last years ? 
  you are just backing up my point . 
   i do n't want to discuss further since you seem not to be properly informed . 
  or you ca n't dispute it . 
  i was talking about southern europe not italy in specific . 
  uhm . 
  no the eu definitely favors southern europe more than germany . 
  the eu was designed to keep germany in check for christs sake . 
  the german population is disproportionately underrepresented in the ep , southern europe not only benefits from the cap , the geographical branding , the schengen are and a more or less stable currency , they have the capability to form a bigger cloud . 
  it 's only due to political instability and idiocy ( greece and italy ) or common interests with germany ( spain ) that they have n't managed yet to end the austerity measures . 
  everyone i know , including russians uses k\u00f6nigsberg and kaliningrad interchangeable and on official maps made by the government both names are used . 
  i do n't understand why people are making such a big deal about it . 
  source ? 
  karl theodor zu guttenberg was 36 when he became minister of defense . 
  phillip r\u00f6sler was 36 too when he became minister of healthcare . 
  kristina schr\u00f6der was 32 too when she became minister for family , children and social matters . 
  german here . 
  we should absolutely help spain , portugal and greece recover and i am against throwing anyone out of the eu . 
  now , the euro zone on the other hand is different . 
  i think it would be the best for greece to leave the euro for a few years in order to use se more radical policies that are currently not allowed to do due to euro membership . 
  that 's a bit simplified . 
  they are in favor of them because the cdu and spd wo n't agree to an agricultural reform package that would cost a lot of money short term and would include some protectionist elements like in france . 
  partially , the second highest is in nrw and many of those people move further into germany and a lot get redistributed over the k\u00f6nigssteiner key . 
  it 's simply that the political will is there . 
  well the economic policies of the csu are quite reasonable too , especially when it comes to the current inheritance tax debate . 
  or their security policy . 
  they are the only party that has constantly increased funding of the police and the security agencies . 
  their foreign policy is reasonable too especially considering that the ministry for development aid has been coined by the csu and while they are open for a dialogue with russia they want to back it up with a strong military presence in the baltics . 
  well voting csu has mostly positive effects . 
  a huge victory for the csu strengthens bavaria in the bundestag and and in inter-party talks . 
  it weakens the afd and stands as a symbol for stability . 
  it should be the final signal to the cdu that a more `` conservative '' ( read tougher ) approach is needed . 
   csu/spd coalition cdu , csu only exists in bavaria . 
  if the csu would exist outside bavaria the afd would have only gotten 9 % since 60 % of afd voters say that they would vote csu if it would run in all states . 
  they campaign with slogans like `` we give you gas  '' ( does n't translate well ) or `` posters are n't the only thing we hang up '' . 
  60 % of afd voters said that they would have voted for the csu if they would run outside of bavaria . 
  refugee cap , not more than 200.000 a year . 
  more deportations ( bavaria already has the highest deportation rate in germany ) and a one strike policy .
