  back then everyone was criticizing the government too and now they see that they were wrong . 
  you can extend that line . 
  my town ? 
  yes . 
  it 's in a valley and has a river flowing right through the city . 
  others are on hillsides which is dangerous too . 
  others like ochsenfurt are directly on the main which is one of germany 's biggest rivers . 
  well , luckily there was no damage to the house ( it 's a former mill , so they prepared for flooding ) , but the garden is ruined and some tool like the lawn mower , chain saws and other tools that were in the shed will have water damage . 
  the most damage is to the houses on the other side of the street because they lay lower . 
  especially bad was the hailing which might have damaged one of our solar panels . 
  it rained for nearly 24 hours combined with a lot of hailing and lighting over a very big area . 
  it 's actually quite normal but not in that scale . 
  i already live right next to the fucking river , my soil is good as it was !, 
  yeah , fuck this shit . 
  my garden is gone . 
  my neighbors garage is gone . 
  you compare two communist dictatorships and a genocidal overlord with a construct that could only come democratically and would look like a giant switzerland ? 
  sounds better than anything with united in the name . 
  i personally prefer the term european confederation . 
  technically ? 
  we elect the european parliament and they chose one of the canditates they supported during the election . 
  wwi, 
  i was trying to make a joke ... 
  honda is both . 
  with toyota i mean purely evs . 
  we tried once ( united baltic duchy ) ... did n't work out so well . 
  that 's what happened months ago . 
  considering that gm was caught too but was let go with a slap on the wrist ... 
  i know that toyota and honda have a bigger share in the german ev market than tesla . 
  tesla is shit compared to toyota too . 
  was there last weekend with a franco-german group and left some flowers . 
  yes ... 
  there is an eu defense clause which includes your african cities . 
  is n't that enough ? 
  there would be more bavarians than austrians in this new state and we would quickly force a new anschluss with rest deutschland . 
  after all , we are the b in brd . 
   montenegro plan though . 
  morgenthau plan . 
  and while fdr was sympathetic towards it , he knew that it was unrealistic . 
  just read the protocols . 
  churchill mistrusted both stalin and roosevelt and roosevelt was a convinced germanophobe . 
  what made the entire thing more complicated is that roosevelt actually had sympathies towards those plans . 
  at teheran and yalta churchill was shocked by the plans roosevelt and stalin were fantasizing about . 
  then why have n't they done this yet ? 
  because they know they have no case and that germany could sue them in turn . 
  sadly there are only german sources but some historians took a look at those loans . 
  they are n't loans . 
  they are occupation fees . 
  according to the haag treaties an occupied nation has to carry the costs of the occupation . 
  germany forced this on greece through those `` loans '' . 
  but the greek central bank never paid the agreed sum . 
  so from a legal perspective germany could sue greece based on the outstanding sum . 
  i hope you are not including this so called war loans a greek historian tried to source on a reichsbank file a few years ago . 
  so , ignoring the napoleonic wars , the 7 years war , the war of 1870 and literally 100 other wars . 
  and to blame wwi on germany is a weak argument too . 
  the uk has always been the bane of the world . 
  opium wars , bengal famine , boer war , wwi , suez crisis , destabilizing the continent by keeping the europe an powers in a constant arms race . 
  de gaule got it right with the perfidious albion . 
  it 's certainly the one behaving most like a spoiled cunt . 
  source ? 
  then you should n't have caused the refugee invasion . 
  we should just do another debt cut or a restructuring . 
  let 's change the rules to how germany repayed the wwi reperations . 
  we only had to pay when we had a budget surplus . 
  some politicians retire with honor and become the voice of wisdom for their successors . 
  like helmut schmidt for example . 
  others ca n't cope with losing power and make a fool of them selves . 
  i liked sarkozy and had the greatest respect for him until recently . 
  but as of late he has become a shadow of himself . 
  this myth again . 
  we repaid wwi dept until 2008 and wwii dept was only forgiven after the victors ( including the uk ) tried to pillage germany for all its worth . 
  and civilians / victims of war crimes were compensated . 
  and we kind of returned the favor when we forgave the soviet union and it 's successor states their debts they owed west germany . 
  i say we ship them all to britain . 
  if it were about equality germany would have more power , not less . 
  the only reason we let them in was because of the fucking well being of hungary . 
  quatar is being compared to the nazis in german media . 
  you ca n't top that . 
  russia was in the news for like two weeks befor sochi , but quatar has become literally hitler . 
  when somebody uses slave labour to build giant monuments and sport arenas constructed by albert speer , this is to be expected . 
  i would visit the b\u00fcrgerbr\u00e4ukeller with him in 1923 . 
  you know nothing . 
  and what if i am an eu federalist and a pan germanist at the same time ? 
  bavaria has 7 sub district ( regierungsbezirke ) , which have all their own parliaments , laws and ministries . 
  now , this is remotely close to the power the austrian states have . 
  but it could lead as an example since bavaria is the only state in germany that has those subdivisions . 
  it 's not like this ca n't be changed ... 
  sure . 
  i 'm german and i would n't mind if another country ( especially austria ) would want to join us . 
  especially since it would destroy the extreme over representation of north germans . 
  what ? 
  sure , i know karl personally . 
  he is a great guy . 
  yeah , 70 years of peaceful cooperation and pacifism seem to be worth nothing in the face of the evil kraut . 
  i do n't understand all that criticism of the gro\u00dfdeutsche idea . 
  there sure are a lot of looneys and nazi sympathizers in the fp\u00d6 , but being a pan germanist is n't something that should be held against him . 
  german here . 
  i do n't consider the fp\u00d6 that bad compared to other far right parties in europe . 
  i hope that the rest of the eu does n't behave like last time when they turned into arrogant assholes . 
  a lot of shit russians think does n't make sense .
