  d\u00fcsseldorf had merkels and obamas heads being chopped of as a theme once or another time they had mohamed in a provocative position as their theme . 
  there are no limits on what karneval is allowed to portray or it would have gotten banned years ago . 
  yes , they are technically even the successor party of the dnvp and parts of the nsdap the government partys of nazi germany . 
  to call them neo-nazi is the only correct term . 
  ca n't generalize like that . 
  the majority of northern bavaria is protestant , i am protestant and part of the csu . 
  csu is simply more conservative . 
  edit : baden-w\u00fcrthemberg , saarland , nrw and rheinlandplatonia are catholic too . 
  they have representation in the public broadcasters and are part of many state foundations . 
  they do n't have much but it is n't nothing . 
  well , it was intented as a chape to the popular meme `` evil kebab '' which is often related to polandballs and xenophobic circles . 
  the same reason why i used nazi kraut . 
  no offense intented . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_national_unity https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_national_socialist_party and then there is a shit ton of smaller or illegal ones like the slavic union , f18 , national socialist party of russia , pure russia and some wings of the national bolshevist movement . 
  yes , which is kind of stupid considering that they experienced it 's downside first hand . 
  but hey , they 're legitimized bey the f\u00fchrer himself , after all they won . 
  that does n't stop russia from having a large neonazi movement . 
  you guys call germany germany and not deutschland , does that mean you want to conquer us ? 
  i know , i looked at their facebook site to check it out . 
  in wroclaw they were threatened by polish nationalists who accused them of trying to germanize their city . 
  polish nationalists hate nazi niemcy more than kebab rapist . 
  good to know . 
  we ( germany ) have the second biggest commitment in mali and were there from the start together with the french . 
  my best friend currently down there so check your facts . 
  what ? 
  hungary leaving the eu would be worse than the uk leaving the eu . 
  there were objections and concerns of the uk joining in the first place and the britain was always half out half in on the entire thing . 
  first off borders had nothing to do with my example . 
  i was talking about the fact that hitler was n't a german citizen and could have been deported instead of being imprisoned in 1923 . 
  other examples are the illegal immigration in the us . 
  you do n't throw those people in to jail for illegaly working there , you simply deport them . 
  prison costs the taxpayer while deportation simply gets rid of the problem . 
  no , this is actually an juristicational situation that fits the necessity for deportation . 
  arguing like you did is the same arguing that prevented hitler to be deported from germany . 
  i am aware of the godwin , but i do n't give a fuck since it 's a pretty good example of when criminal foreigners could be legaly deported to prevent the state of having to pay for inprisoning them . 
  as allways britain wants the continent to bear the costs . 
  it isnt ' t the courts job to come up with laws . 
  and current laws serve german and eu interests and cases well enough . 
  why does n't the uk supreme court come up with laws that deal with a eu federal tax ? 
  because it did n't exist until now you genious !, 
  living in germany or austria ? 
  anyway i hope you like it here . 
  btw , congrats to bulgaria . 
  more like germany , france , czech republic and italy , aka the car producing nations . 
  her family was from lebanon , so they are n't refugees . 
  new churchill , literally !, 
  lol , reminds me of those north korea caricatures . 
  i am a retard , i was thinking about this stuff : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovetskoye_shampanskoye, 
  what is he saying ? 
  what 's the price of 1litre of krim sparkling wine ( sekt ? ), 
  there right now ? 
  guttenberg and schavan . 
  frankfurt last year has pretty much disproven this . 
  through those events they lost most sympathies they had from the center of society . 
  why not ? 
  it 's german law and we deported all bosnians back after it was save for them . 
  some of them lived here for 7 years . 
  do n't expect anybody to give a fuck about what they want . 
  nah , we only ban nazi-stuff ... 
  but so does poland , france and austria . 
  no germany did n't say `` everybody welcome '' . 
  this is a fucking annoying trope . 
  we still have an airport and about thousand soldiers there , just send them over that route . 
  we could cut the development aid , stop participating in resolute support and end all visas . 
  and some other stuff that would be too evil while still legal . 
  why should they ? 
  are they in poland ? 
  wow , that 's some serious mental bending on your side . 
  first nobody wants the nazis back . 
  and i was thinking of the german resistance that was actively sabotaged by the allies . 
  but u.s. citizen behave like everybody owes them something because they are the only ones that make sacrifices for their allies when this is simply not true and the books tend to paint a different picture . 
  bridgeton man claimed that europe is freeloading off the u.s. when this is simply not true . 
  i support closer cooperation with our allies but this `` herrenmenschen '' behavior of ` muricans here is fucking annoying . 
  you are right on denmark , but roosevelt happily sold out poland to stalin and refused to help either german or italian resistance and even hindered them in their efforts . 
  the us activated article 5 , so for the u.s. and last time i checked the u.s. did n't defend anybody in wwi and fought germany and italy in wwii and sold out poland to stalin . 
  micro nations have their own right to exist , we should n't destroy them  there 's liechtenstein , monaco , andorra , luxemburg , san marino , jersey , guernsey and the isle of man , and that 's just europe . 
  liechtenstein : not in the eu ; monaco : not in the eu ; luxemburg : does pretty well ; san marino : not in the eu ; channel islands : part of the british grown , so do n't really matter . 
  you spelled reintegration into italy wrong ... 
  times the us activated nato article 5. : 1 times a european nato member activated article 5. : 0 german soldiers that were killed in combat by taliban to defend the us . 
  : 57 polish soldiers that died in combat to help their us allies : 44 italians that died for the us : 53 danes that died for the us : 44 us soldiers that that died in combat to defend germany , denmark , poland or italy : 0, 
  the only way you could sound more stupid is if your had pulled godwin and sayed `` they are literally still nazis and want to invade us ! '' . 
  that 's why we sold you a few hundred leopard tanks , and gave you artillery . 
  switzerland . 
  has proven it self to work much better and still leaves the members relatively independent . 
  i think so . 
  no , but the most inefficient ... 
  or maybe we will repair it after it washed you away and take that sweet sweet lebensraum ? 
  nah , just kidding , we should really do something about those dykes . 
  i could make a joke about marseilles or paris but that would be bad tastet , so instead i will give you a warning from the joke-gestapo . 
  what ? 
  i 've never seen one here and i am actively importing foreign wines . 
  i 've seen them in the us and ireland before but not on the continent . 
  i hope renzi does n't get any funny ideas . 
  i do n't understand why people make such a fuss about this . 
  seehofer has been visiting the czech pm , hungarys orban and romanias iohannis the last year to open cultural offices and sign business deals . 
  we are a nation with a federal structure . 
  this is well in his field of duty and he talked about it with steinmeier and merkel . 
  they have already . 
  a lot of coal power plans that were originally not economical anymore have been bought up by polish and czech companys which now make a huge profit due to the face out of nuclear energy . 
  yes they are .
