  i personally consider people like beck , speidel and staufenberg heroes . 
  soldiers should be loyal to the nation and not to the government . 
  erdogan already said that he wants to reintroduce the death sentence for treason . 
  copied from somewhere else :  y' know ... are we sure that erdogan is actually in charge ? 
  i do n't mean that he 's not in charge - he is - but a friend of mine pointed out that turkey 's under martial law , so the military are in charge on the ground . 
  how do we know that it 's not a situation where erdogan 's now dependent on the loyalist units ? 
  yeah it was bullshit but the news wo n't admit it . 
  if they had been a bit more clever , they would have copied a certain part of the valkyrie textbook . 
  first kill erdogan and then blame it on ideological extremists . 
  they could have blamed radicals or the intelligence service to rally the country behind them . 
  was n't there evidence that it could have been a radical rebel group ? 
  i remember reading a spiegel article in which they said that rebels captured a big weapons storage that according to russian and syrian sources contained chemical weapons . 
  no , but a part of it was on german tv 15 minutes ago . 
  `` classic in paris '' on zdf . 
  i am having the time of my life right now . 
  why do i have exams on monday ?? 
  you do n't appreciate my top level counter torlling ? 
  your lack of faith is disapointing . 
  many fought , but many fled . 
  those cowards are the ancesotrs of the modern us . 
   btw , should we change our official german name a little bit ? 
  heresy !, 
  the swiss know how awesome we are , that 's why they named their currency after us . 
  from my experience spanish people are more open towards strangers and are extremly aware of the situation their fellow humans are in . 
  nice people , we should welcome them to the teutonic club . 
  i was pretty pissed off yesterday . 
  on zdfinfo there was a `` documentary '' about the mh17 conspiracy and that ukraine might be to blame . 
  brothers and sisters . 
  you ca n't choose family but you can choose your friends . 
  time travel . 
  that was a random number i pulled out of my ass due to news reports of post shooting investigations in the us often revealing that the shooter had a huge stockpile of ammunitions . 
  works in belgium and switzerland , will work on an eu level . 
  we do n't see it as a god given right to own a bunch of semiautomatic guns with 500 + bullets . 
  why should n't they ? 
  you 've never been to austria or czechia before ... 
  it 's not about whitewashing . 
  germany killed 6 million jews and 6 million poles ( more or less ) . 
  that 's a fact . 
  out if revenge your nation did some bad stuff too m , that was n't okay but we do n't bother because it is 70 years in the past . 
  poland on the other hand still holds a grudge and is easily triggered . 
  either through the massacre the ukrainians commuted or through the mentioning the fact that they had war criminals too . 
  they 've been discussing what to do with the zeppelingel\u00e4nde for years now . 
  what were speers original plans for that field ? 
  we could extent the dokuzentrum , but we should use the original architecture . 
  you know , you are inflating the term and give real neo nazis like gedeon a cover to operate . 
  judging by the reaction of u/mistrzmasarski there still seems to be a sleebing anger and not processed issues . 
  that is kind of a cause and effect situation . 
  13 million expelled and 2 million dead seem to trigger you ... poor poland ... 
  there is even a [ festival named after him ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st%c3%b6rtebeker_festival ) and a pretty good documentary by german broadcaster zdf . 
  oh come on , if everybody were like that , germany would confront poland for the revenge ethnic cleansing from 1945 to 1950 . 
  pis should stop being a punch of cunts . 
  why is this being down voted ? 
  no hanse for you . 
  or we will resurect st\u00f6rtebeker . 
  reich is coming . 
  slovenian = germanized mountain slavs . 
  croatians = germanized coastal serbs . 
  i dig ( most of ) the eu politics ... 
  300k men 500k was the size of the cold war west german army . 
  yeah the author seems to be not very well informed on the eu and must have slepped through the last european elections . 
  juncker was everywhere on the tv and news papers . 
  hell , juncker is the reason why i as a csu member voted spd !, 
  for the rest i can only agree with u/nidrach . 
  no , that one was in hamburg ( i think ), 
  do n't ask me . 
  i would fill the building with tear gas . 
  the building is currently illegaly occupied by a group of left wing autonomes . 
  the owner of the building is a share holding on cayman islands which was n't able to expell them so far . 
  they now got a lucrative deal with the city to house refugees in there . 
  the interior minister of the city has been trying to get rid of illegal occupiers for years so now it has turned into a personal war ( hence the 2000 police officers ) . 
  the left is pissed and turns violent because they think this is just a new way to gendrify the street . 
  edit : look at the comment from u/berlin _ crossbow for more information . 
  did you read the article ? 
  and then we will retake konstantinobel !, 
  pax europa !, 
  ssshhhh , your spoiling the surprise . 
  one day they wake up and see juncker being crowned emperor in aachen . 
  and if they do n't like juncker we can crown the dutch king . 
  we have to crown someone . 
  why not go full holy roman empire and include all former austro-hungarian lands , germany , northern italy , benelux and france ? 
  it can always join romania . 
  i can fully understand the verfassungsschutz . 
  we so far had zero succesfull terrorist attacks by muslims after 2000 ( do n't get me started on the 80s and 90s ) but a series of successful neonazi and far right attacks . 
  the vfs does n't just monitor the right by the way . 
  they monitor leftwing groups and muslim groups too . 
  especially in bavaria i would be very sceptical of the afd . 
  we have more than enough not extremist anti immigration partys and groups in bavaria . 
  so those that join the afd are realy off the far end . 
  before the soviet invasion it was one of the most advanced countries in central asia . 
  was wrong on the date for the progrom : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kielce_pogrom but there was antisemitic atmosphere in poland in the 60s : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1968_polish_political_crisis#antisemitic_campaign_and_political_purges, 
  there were a series of progroms in the 60s . 
  not really . 
  the german resistance movement was sabotaged by the allies and they made it publicly quite clear that germans will be punished no matter what they do . 
  the provided perfect ammunition for the nazi propaganda machine . 
  historians like clarke or meier assume that the war could have ended up to a year earlier if the u.s. would n't have insisted on unconditional surrender and punishment for germany . 
  close one between austria and france . 
  no , italy did n't have limitations because they kind of changed sides in 43 and germany is evil and stuff ... italy was n't occupied either after wwii . 
  they managed to weasel them selves out . 
  that 's actually because we are not allowed to have submarines longer than 50 meters by international treaties . 
  the same goes with lpds .
