  a friend of mine got shot in afghanistan and my country spend billions of euros and sacrificed the lifes of our soldiers for you ungrateful arrogant idiots . 
  and for what?because our ally the usa asked us for our help in their defensive war against global terrorism . 
  and what has this led to ? 
  decades of war and death and barely no improvement . 
  it will have to pass european parliament first . 
  on the other hand we got finnland again . 
  and there i was hoping for schleswig ... 
  so is the queen , but we do n't say that out loud ... 
  actually germany apologized for that and offered payments but the herero and nama do n't want the money to go to the government but into tribal structures which is not flowing well with the german foreign ministry . 
  and even back then emperor wilhelm dismissed the general and the governor responsible for it because they acted without berlins approval . 
  450 men are not a few instructors . 
  and during the initial liberation germany provided transportation planes , air refueling and recon . 
  there has n't been a successful islamist terrorist attack in germany yet . 
  that 's not a point of view , that 's what simply happened . 
  which agenda ? 
  i am for an upper limit or taking in any refugees even if they are legit , but claiming merkel started it when 800k had already arrived is either stupidity or having an agenda . 
  ethnic cleansing of 12 million germans and the resulting death of a million , massive deindustrialization and 45 years of communist dictatorship is a bit worse than a quarter of germany being genetically arabs or africans in my opinion . 
  how is that inviting anybody after 800k had already arrived ? 
  problem is , until 1991 westgermany had a military of 500k and east germany around 200k . 
  both states had conscription . 
  then in 1991 , unified germany is restricted to 330k men . 
  the logical conclusion would have been to scrap conscription and start a professional military . 
  this was n't done . 
  instead a series of horrible political reforms started until conscription was scrapped in 2011 . 
  now germany neither has a big lower class like the u.s. or a military pride like france or poland . 
  we followed the u.s. in to afghanistan and contributed the third most troops and were the first to commit to s follow up mission . 
  we followed france into mali and the central african republic . 
  we have dozens of other commitments while being the paymaster of europe and having an extremely pacifist population . 
  we 've always supported our allies even when the domestic opinion was clearly against it . 
  you can accuse us of bein too pacifist , too diplomatic , too cheap , to critical of our allies . 
  but we were never disloyal . 
  we always do our duty even if the population does n't want to . 
  make as many broomstick jokes as you want , but at the end of the day our soldiers are training the afghan and malise ( ? ), 
  armed forces . 
  our air force is policing the sky above the baltics and scouting in syria . 
  our ksk is supporting the seals and the sas in iraq . 
  we are always loyal and do our duty . 
  west germany . 
  east german armed forces were around the size of our current military . 
  last time i checked , we lost to them once . 
  the first one never happened and the second one is a direct quote from our constitution to a local newspaper . 
  ca n't be worse than what the allies did to us after the world wars . 
  provide written proof or shut up . 
  everybody keeps saying that but they are willingly spreading a lie . 
  i ca n't wait for r/europe to spin this into `` germany invites 500k illegal immigrants '' . 
  evil germans oppressing poland , ... oh wait , not this time . 
  homeschooling and climate change denial is conservative ? 
  i did n't know that europe became the fucking us of a where tea-party ideas are normal . 
  he is the most popular politician in germany . 
  the only way he leaves is by his own choosing or in a coffin . 
  either a move to the right , which would mean closing our borders and deporting everyone who ca n't prove to be 100 % syrian , privatizing greece , bullying poland and bad times for everyone except us . 
  if it 's a move to the left souther europe will be happy because austerity will be over , not much will be done against illegal migration , and the the political landscape will be a clusterfuck . 
  so , i am still right . 
  poles killed more germans than jews . 
  that 's not what he or anybody here claimed . 
  the claim is that the poles killed more jewish people than they killed german people . 
  something i doubt especially considering the post war killings , but i am not a historian . 
  the same goes for jews in germany up until 1933 ... that makes me kind of sad . 
   we still mock each other , germans , austrians and dutch mock each other all the time ... even inside germany we mock each other . 
   they see us as lazy that 's the first time i 've heared of this . 
  most people i know would rather say that you are the only not lazy guys besides us and the central/northern european countries !!!, 
  ! not my words !!!, 
   we see them as cold . 
  better than what our eastern neighbours and the british think about us . 
   for a while we were neighbours that would leave steaming piles of shit on each other 's front porch or we 'd move the fence . 
  you mean from the 17th century up to 1949 ? 
  you moved your border in our direction , we moved our border in your direction and so forth . 
  thats the past and half of the word can sing a similar song . 
  if we would be mad about stuff like that we should hate every bavarian that crosses our way . 
  austria , the netherlands and france . 
  still not the fault of us continentals . 
  we are just trying to get the british government to finally shut up about evil eu . 
  if they leave fine , if they stay that 's fine too . 
  but the current situation is unbearable . 
   i did n't compare anyone , feel free to read my comment again . 
  i pointed out a simple infographic against your last 2 sentences . 
  you should reed his first comment again . 
  he said greece has no significant export economy except for food . 
   greece has pretty much no export industry . 
  there simply are no products that we could buy ( apart from food ) . 
  von der leyen is the worst minister of defense we 've had in a long time . 
  that 's why we love our brothers on the other side of the rhine . 
  could our friends from the other side of the pond please stay out of internal matters ? 
  you do n't see renzi flying to washington to lecture people about the dangers of firearms . 
  really r/europe ? 
  8 downvotes ? 
  well it would solve the integration problem with muslim children . 
  was n't that the case with the accountant ? 
  he requested to be transferred to somewhere else because of what was going on there . 
  it was a response to cemkumral who was criticizing crizism of the pope . 
  the pope claims to be the representation of god on earth but his predecessors were often whoring , coruppt , racist , murdering , power hungry sociopaths . 
  i think it 's pretty fair to lecture the pope when we all know what happens when the clergy runs around unchecked . 
  i consider my self a european patriot . 
  to build nationalism towards the eu is hard at the moment . 
  we do that on a regular basis . 
  we are already doing this by operating multiple vw plants in poland and outsourcing to romania . 
  kfc sucks ... there i said it . 
  it 's tasteless blant and unoriginal chicken . 
  i even dare to say burgerking has better chicken than kfc !, 
  but it would be ridiculous .
