  russia withdrew most of their ground forces from syria and there has been noticeable movement at the russian ukrainian border . 
  military experts have been anticipating a summer offensive for some time now . 
  it would not be unexpected . 
  til . 
  i was basing my assumption mostly on the reports of the hooligan threat against the visit of german pegida speaker . 
  yes , it was printed in a big spiegel interview if i remember correctly . 
  since you decided to talk shit instead of providing sources , i take the right to dismiss your comment . 
  depends , the left is certainly pro palestinian but the conservatives ( cdu/csu ) could n't care less about them . 
  many are still angry about the palestinian terrorist attacks in germany and few it as our historic duty/bond to israel to support them . 
  edit : and then there are people like me who say that jordan is the de facto official palestinian state . 
  germany does not know this thing called `` palestine '' ... what is that ? 
  different methods of measurement . 
  look at a map from 500 ad . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_germanic_tribes the place was full of germanic tribes , but poles like to pretend that the area was uninhabited before the slavs expanded west . 
  i do n't mind swearing fealty to wilhelm von oranje-nassau , but learning dutch is a deal breaker . 
  yes , it was britain and france . 
  italy had problems with refueling , but the it is still just a certain type of missile and the same has happened to the us in syria and irak . 
  from your link  concerns that supplies of jet-launched precision bombs are growing short in europe have reignited long-standing controversies over both burden-sharing and compatibility within nato . 
  while it was france and britain , my comment is still correct and similar things have happened to the us :  the u.s. air force has fired off more than 20,000 missiles and bombs since the u.s. bombing campaign against isis began 15 months ago , according to the air force , leading to depleted munitions stockpiles and calls to ramp up funding and weapons production . 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2015/12/04/politics/air-force-20000-bombs-missiles-isis/ so this is a situation of the pot calling the kettle black . 
  was n't there when i wrote the comment . 
  we have a fighter wing in the baltics doing air space policing and our navy is patroling the baltics . 
  short of deploying tanks at the russian border , there is n't much we could do more . 
  you are aware that german taxpayers pay for your base in rammstein , which is one of the most important military hubs ? 
  that 's neither a treaty obligation nor a law . 
  i think you do n't know what you are talking about ... 
  it was the italian airforce that ran out of a certain guided missile . 
  we will do that when our neighbors stop cmplaining about evil germans . 
  the french ran out of a specific type of guided missile which were then supplied by germany and belgium . 
  but do n't let your stereotypes get destroyed by facts . 
  closer but still a bit off . 
  poland is great , but it could be even greater . 
  and that 's why you are poor . 
  bad investment ideas . 
  you should invest it into central poland to generate economic growth and income and with the dividends you can prop up the shit hole called eastern poland . 
  and an additional commissioner . 
  and if we go further back to the 4th century , poland was mostly germanic before the slavs arrived . 
  japan was on your side in wwi ... 
  you fought only one worldwar against japan . 
  afraid that we could actually run that bureaucratic mess of our cousins and get more seats at the bundesrat ? 
  thy are not fond of this dank humors , dear sire ? 
  what does this have to do with what i said ? 
  there was a 16th century country chart on here a week ago . 
  there the poles were described as simple minded and slow . 
  si it 's definitely older than nazis and soviets, 
  did you read the article ? 
  63 % of bavarians oppose a cdu in bavaria and the csu is hardly a regional even though they only exist in one state . 
  they contribute significantly to national and international policy making and have an enormous weight in the political environment of germany . 
  a recent study found that over 70 % of csu voters and more than 60 % of bavarians would support a federal csu https://www.bayernkurier.de/inland/12888-csu-weiter-mit-absoluter-mehrheit, 
  you fail to get my point . 
  the european social security programs have nothing to do with americas defense spending . 
  then how comes , that germany , britain and france already had modern style social security when they had the biggest armies on the planet and the u.s. had basically no army at all ? 
  we can change that : https://www.bayernkurier.de/inland/12228-ueber-die-grenzen-hinaus, 
  says the guy who is claiming that there is an intentional defamation campaign against them ... 
  not realy . 
  just common sense and knowing some of their local members . 
  worth it . 
  seriously guys , why do n't we just give the baltics long range missiles and nukes ? 
  then we would n't have to worry . 
  worked for us in the 80s . 
  they never had a real grip in the first place . 
  and the news shit on every one who gives them an opportunity . 
  and the pirates gave them lots of opportunities . 
  by being incapeable of agreeing on policies , by taking every idiotic proposal serious and by trying too hard to be hip anarchists . 
   german leadership always had a fear and/or hatred for the pirate party are we talking about the same idiots who managed to destroy them selfs and did n't even get 1 % in the last state elections ? 
  communists and neo nazis got more than them . 
  some people call it asshole , others call it honest . 
  oh , it was merkel that caused 40 years of failed french migration and integration policies ? 
  why ? 
  it is n't binding anymore and only legitimizes the beer to have the title `` brewed after german purity law '' . 
  there are already thousand of beers on the market in germany that violate it . 
  every time people complabout it being unfair i shake my head and wonder if those people have ever been in a supermarket or a pub . 
  i am not surprised that someone who claims that 75 % of polish media are owned and controlled by germans and calls germans `` huns '' has a problem with the english translation of the name of a 16 th century law regarding beer . 
  from the article :  britain 's dependence on russian energy is set to grow after centrica announced a deal to increase significantly the amount of gas it buys from gazprom to 4.16 billion cubic metres ( bcm ) a year . 
  you wanted a source for britain increasing their gas imports from russia . 
  you are aware that southstream was stopped due to us intervention and that merkel tried to bring it back after it was cancelled ? 
  southstream was supposed to be merkels pet project and one of the favorites of the `` bee '' government . 
  but sure , keep making shit up . 
  i am no swede an i do n't know the swedish law , but i assume that they wo n't be considered a married couple by the law . 
  so if anything happens he is the go to person for the authorities but rather the people considered her legal guardians . 
  ( is it realy not allowed to marry before the age of 18 in sweden ? ), 
  yes but you ignore the french government in your accusations which is directly involved while the german partner is a private owned company . 
  i thougth that the baltic-pipeline system was interconeccted with the druzhba-pipeline system but they have only one connection in belarus . 
  so my thesis still stands but for different reasons . 
  they are just afraid you . 
  edit : [ a better map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a7/pipelines_in_eastern_europe.png ), 
  the uk wants it too , so get down from your high horse . 
  why is it always just the german part that gets criticized when the french , dutch , austrians and british are involved in it too ? 
  the german partner is a private company while the french one is government owned , but they get praised for their `` hard stance '' against russia , when in reality they have done jack shit more than germany . 
   just to fuck with us :( or , what is far more logical , they fear that you will blackmail them with gas and oil as soon as you have alternative ways of supplying western europe . 
  thank the us for that . 
  oh , well , that sucks then . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  easy answer : yes . 
  unless there is a treaty between the two countries or the law is the same , a contract is automatically nullified if it breaks the laws of a country where the contract parties try to fulfill the contract, 
  good , i hope they have a better menu than starbucks . 
  can any pole here tell me about their concept ? 
  very rare , but they do drop wolfs pretty often if i remember correctly ? 
  3 weeks ago fschjgrg . 
  31 parachuted some wiesels .
