  if something like this had happened to the german or italian military there would have been stupid jokes in this thread . 
  this is n't the first time something like this has happened and far worse us equipment malfunctions have caused considerable damage . 
  last year an us jet crashed near bamberg . 
  the thing is , we do n't want to dictate anything . 
  we want cooperation and integration . 
  you czechs , the dutch and austrians understand this most of the time . 
  if you are doing well , that 's good for us . 
  if we are doing well , that 's good for you . 
  we do n't want you to be a colony or a vassal , but an equal partner who views us as equals too . 
  we are as much at russias and china 's mercy as you guys but together we are stronger . 
  sadly not everyone gets that some people complain about too much german or french capital in their country and think that we have some evil intentions . 
  hah , i just ignored a red light and crossed the street !, 
  that will show them !, 
  and for sunday i am planning on mowing my lawn !, 
  revolution !, 
  you have no idea . 
  the situation is unbearable . 
  just yesterday a friend of mine could n't stand it anymore and wrote a formal complaint letter !, 
  soon we will have anarchy !, 
  there is a clause in the eu treaties that requires every member country to adopt the euro once they meet requirements . 
  the uk and denmark are exceptions since they secured optouts . 
  ca n't hear you over my higher standart of living and my non existant university fees . 
  difference between the two : the french have your back when shittalking against americans , the easterners when shit talking against russians . 
  not deutsch ? 
  no , homogay , much beer and much w\u00f6rk . 
  also [ karl heinz kurras ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karl-heinz_kurras ) . 
  as it turned out , he worked for the stasi . 
  damn you are right . 
  been some time since i last saw the fim . 
  wait , really ? 
  while it 's true that it focuses more on the events around it , the uprising is still an essential part of the movie, 
  the pianist portrays it very good . 
  great film . 
  look at it from the positive side ... free slave labour without rights . 
  it 's applications and not acceptances . 
  the title of the graph is wrong . 
  what i find more confusing is that they took asylum applications and not acceptances . 
  should n't this be `` satan creates new cyberforce '' ? 
  boss of the local hells angels . 
  stabbed a guy from another gang , but got out of prison quickly because some one else `` confessed '' . 
  nice guy though . 
  when my neighbor was arrested there were 40 policemen plus swat for one guy . 
   the first line , the one above , though true , does n't really apply in this case . 
  romanians are not proud of their country 's alliance with nazi germany i was n't intending to imply that romanians are proud of that part in history . 
  what i meant was that i heared many romanians expressing the feeling `` the soviets occupied us , stole everything we had and brought us 45 years of communism !, 
  at least the germans behaved and left the majority of us alone ! '', 
  it 's stronger in older romanians but still something i encounter very often . 
  he 's right just saying ... 
  actually germany managed to make the blockade ineffective by using vichy france , spain and the su as proxys for trading with the rest of the world . 
  germany is literally satan ... 
  i am not sure how i feel about that . 
   considering our history . 
  we were on the same side in wwii and the gdr and romania had pretty good relations . 
  additionally germany has a high amount of cultural interaction with siebenb\u00fcrger romanians/germans and provided major investment after you joined the eu . 
   as for mali , there is a big difference between logistical support and actually sending attack helicopters and sf . 
  your ground element came to replace our forces . 
  we had ground elements there before you ( pioneers and medical staff ) and the ones that replaced yours were additional troops . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_serval but you are right this is n't a contest and the only bad example i listed was irak ( to be fair , the invasion was a bad idea ) . 
  we were part of the initial mali mission too , we provided planes and logistics to the french . 
  and while we are not bombing in syria we are taking part with air observation naval units . 
  in irak you were n't part of the initial invasion force and only remained there for 2 years . 
  name an example where the dutch deployed and the germans did n't . 
  you are ignoring the fact that bavarian politicians and civilians are the least likely to be anti-military with the population being far more conservative and pragmatic than the rest of germany . 
  additionally the csu is providing the defence minister disapropriately often . 
  nearly the entire paratrooper and special forces division is based in lower saxony and saarland . 
   bavaria does not dominate the germany army , to be fair , it seems half of our army is made up of saxons and bavarians . 
  it 's just called marine . 
  i do n't know , typicall italian pizza i would say . 
  my personal favorite is the chibola ( onions , champignons , ham , minced meat ), 
  as far as i know those papers are publically available , so i do n't get what the big scandal is ... 
  if they sell off half their shares to the government and allow state officials on their board and stop giving data to the u.s. government , sure . 
  then we agree that neither afd , linke or npd are self respecting germans ... 
  you ca n't really compare syria and irak . 
  the us in irak did everything wrong which they could have done wrong . 
  syria will remain a dictatorship under assad . 
  besides that the majority of the so called `` refugees '' is n't from syria or irak , but from northafrican , westafrican and central asian countries . 
  does n't change the fact that we made them leave . 
  yes they `` send them back '' . 
  they were given a period of time in which they could have left on their own or gotten german/eu citizenship . 
  most left voluntarily or naturalized but many were actually deported back to the balkans . 
  they will be sent back too once the war in iraq and syria is over . 
  there are very few exceptions which would allow groups to remain here permanently and even then there are exceptions to the exceptions . 
  iranians for example are one of those exceptions and most of them have integrated excellently . 
  edit : your comment is ill informed and stupid . 
  germany had a shit ton of refugees from bosnia and former yugoslavia too , but we have send them back in the early 2000s . 
  why did n't sweden do the same ? 
  i voted for some weird guy in brussels and for merkel . 
  there is a thing called the european parliament . 
   since the founding of the union everyone was and is predicting europe , eu and the economy will fall apart soon fixed that for you, 
  that was actualy a joke . 
  neutrality is the only thing that does n't annoy me . 
  i was just trying to give a funny futurama reference . 
  what pisses me off is you xenophobia towards germans , italians and eastern europeans . 
  i was thinking about you guys but i could n't come up with anything outstanding . 
  you are nice people and all ... the only thing that realy comes to my mind is that your grils are very beautiful . 
  but look at the bright side , i do n't have anything bad to say about you unlike the swiss ... ( what makes a country turn neutral ? 
  lust for gold ? 
  power ? 
  or were you just born with a heart full of neutrality ? ), 
  please , we invented the maimai .
