  called the police since he was trapped in the garden . 
  they sacked him in . 
  i now want to have a german-swedish anschluss ... spain can join too . 
  croissants are austrian though ... 
  it is right on their website that they want replace the eu with something different and they consider it a flawed neo liberal construct . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  die linke is anti eu and rejects it as a capitalist conspiracy ... 
  stage 2. : negotiating, 
  stage 1 . 
  denial ... 
  czechs are slavic germans and poles are just poles ... 
  island ~ ~ germans ~ ~ apes , yes . . ,, 
  austrians and swiss are mountain germans , dutch are swamp germans and danes are lego germans . 
  the french are considered our strong but extremely cool brothers nowadays and the netherlands are swamp germans ( our version of canada ), 
  your team was great . 
  beautiful flanking and nice forwards play , your guys have potential . 
  well played ukraine . 
  damn the ukrainian team were worthy opponents . 
  good first game , schweini seems to have gathered enough energy . 
  commiting large scale ground troops to irak , applying pressure on turkey to not fuck with the kurds in irak or syria , scaling back bombing operations which are in close proximity to saa units and exchanging intelligence with iran and syria . 
  you interpret shit into my comments out of no where . 
  i myself have nothing against the us operations in syria but you are totaly hyperbolic . 
   do germans really think `` just make peace with isis , do n't use drones , let the caliphate prosper '' and `` after 9/11 , americans should disarm unilaterally and allow their mortal enemies to strike the united states at will from their bases in yemen and somalia , because al quada would totally disarm otherwise ( this is similar to blaming the victim in rape cases - the u.s. was ` asking for it ) . 
  where did i say any of this ? 
  i support the us operations in afghanistan and yemen but the irak war and the us intervention in syria have made things worse and not better . 
  americans should stopp funding rebel groups that suddenly turn into islamists that attack the west !, 
   americans believed everything you say two decades ago . 
  and as a result of ignoring attacks on our embassies in africa and on the world trade center in the 90s , we were hit with 9/11 . 
  americans did not or they would have been aware of osama and would have known that saddam had nothing to do with 9/11 . 
  we warned you both times , but you did n't listen . 
  the stupidity of your politicians is just astonishing . 
  germany , britain , irak . 
  it 's basically for cost and bureaucratic reasons . 
  flight time is expensive and a fighter is considered not operational if his paint job is scratched . 
  no , the matter is that you are not seeing how stupid you act by reciting half researched shit you heard while going over the top when i do the same . 
  we are not talking about fucking yemen . 
  look at my other posts . 
  i was talking about syria , somalia , iranian border areas and pakistan . 
   are you claiming that syria is not a neutral country because it 's being occupied by isis ? 
  or are you recognizing isis as a sovereign nation ? 
  i am saying that the western bombing mission in syria is done without the agreement of the syrian government . 
   well , nothing works , i 'd say that 's a pretty serious problem . 
  half your fighter jets are n't ready for use , i mean , there 's a very very serious issue in readiness , or indeed the lack thereof . 
  okay , i do n't care , i 'm not `` suggesting '' something , i 'm stating fact . 
  90 % of our fighters are de facto combat ready since the mod considers planes with a scratched paint job do be not ready for use , our equipment works fine but there is a lack of eqipment and the german forces were n't designed for oversea adventures but they are still deployed all around the globe . 
   that 's a few type 45 's which have a design issue which we 're actually fixing . 
  the press says something different   the german military social welfare program is not exactly fixing it 's many , many issues any time soon . 
  well , the only two serious problems we have is a lack of manpower and an incompetent minister of defence . 
  all the other problems are minor and can be easily solved if you get rid of the vdl . 
  does the us have an agreement with pakistan ? 
  well , then you must have your own bubble . 
  yes ... 
  first , i did n't downvote you . 
  reddits shitty mobile site does n't let me do anything and really starts to piss me off . 
  i was talking about syria , iran and somalia . 
  btw , does the us have an agreement with pakistan ? 
  lacks an \u1e9e, 
  we actually have most of our fighters operational for real combat scenarios . 
  the horrible numbers from the ministry of defence come from the fact that a fighter is n't considered operational if for example the seats are partially ripped or the paint job is scratched . 
  as much as i am surprised that the royal navy has ships that can sail in water warmer than 7 degree ... why the downvotes ? 
  it is widely known that the ships of the royal navy have problems in mediterranian and tropical waters due to the temperatures . 
  it 's suddenly not fun anymore when you are at the recieving end ? 
  no , but us bomber pilots have the right to abort missions if they consider the risk of collateral too high . 
  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/01/23/obama-drone-program-anniversary_n_4654825.html http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2014/nov/24/-sp-us-drone-strikes-kill-1147 https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/03/isis-us-led-airstrikes-civilian-deaths-claimed  hen a drone gets shot down , there 's no need to send in an armed rescue force , and no need to send in additional support aircraft ( which could also be shot down ) . 
  exactly . 
  that 's good and i am not against drone strikes ( i am in favor of them ) , but it makes the operators rather trigger happy . 
  they are not agianst drones in general . 
  they are against the us doing drone strikes in neutral countries with extreme amounts of civilian causalities . 
  this map makes my teutonic heart very happy . 
  at least our lithuanian brohters know the true name of the area around k\u00f6nigsberg !, 
  i can imagine a lawyer and a politician figuring out some ultra vague wording for the law that makes it okay . 
  could we please all stop kissing the collective ass of the uk and just let them decide if they want to stay or get out ? 
  we already have dips on poland . 
  if they win we are going to reintegrate them . 
  sure , if suddenly all of africa and asia turn into liberal , tolerant , secularized and peacfull people and we figure out fission power as well as 100 % energy storage ... 
  i am serious . 
  it is . 
  i once was in favor of a united world . 
  then i met people from other continents and saw those continents and realized that we wo n't be ready for another 100 years . 
  who the fuck wants a world state ? 
  i want a united europe , not a united world . 
  has already been changed as far as i know , the article is n't up to date . 
   challenge among german tank crews took place before this `` strong europe tank challenge '' . 
  the winner of the former was sent to participate in the latter challenge . 
  source on that because the charlie platoon of the gebpzbtl 8 certainly did n't partake in the last german tank competition , so i would like to see some sources . 
  being able to hit anything with your personal defence weapon or to give first aid to a wounded comrade is definetly something a tanker should know ... 
  mercedes should produce designer hijabs for the muslim market ( obviously with the star on it ), 
  i totally agree . 
  neither do i , but it 's still better than the `` the law was written in 1948 '' bullshit and was already used for some time . 
  after all the belgians often still use the same argument for king leopolds congo colony . 
   but we actually used arguments similar to the arguments of some turkish politicians in the current case . 
  ( `` it ca n't be genocide as it happened before this crime was even introduced '' ) . 
  which is a fairly stupid argument when historians give us a far better one to dotch responsibility . 
  von trotha and the colonial administration did n't consult the imperial government and acted on their own . 
  that 's been the official stance for years so i am surprised that the government suddenly admitted some responibility . 
  yes ... no . 
  in this and most cases berlin reffers to the government ( merkels cabinet ) , while the bundestag is the entire parliament ( lower house ) and includes the opposition . 
  what happens when the bear drives a pack of wolves into a corner ? 
  no it is kind of an anti confederation . 
  lots off control over specific internal affairs , but lack of structures and powers over external and important common affairs .
