  the `` significantly poorer balkan nations '' can do it because they do n't border another fucking schengen country . 
  they are the outer border , it 's their fucking job . 
  i am . 
  the hk416 is a bit overhyped and i am afraid that our idiots in the ministry of defense will choose it as a replacement for the g36 . 
  but that 's what i do . 
  i break things . 
  that 's my point . 
  first off , why would he use the english wiki ? 
  second , the german article seems to have been removed . 
  edit : maybe he used the hungarian wiki , or maybe i just mixed up the dates ? 
  https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/b%c3%a9csi_b%c3%a9ke_ ( 1624 ), 
  like irish potato famine ? 
  like the english colonization attempts in ireland ? 
  like the english acts of aggression against the french or the english and french power plays in the hre ? 
  seriously ? 
  are you justifying british actions in ireland ? 
  no , the joke is that he was asked to hold a presentation about the vienna peace . 
  and the night before the presentation he looked at the website of the museum just to find out that it was n't about the vienna congress of 1814 but about the vienna peace of 1624 . 
  he basically used google and wikipedia to write something up . 
  karl would like to have a word with you . 
  great guy , but really needs to work on his vienna museum joke . 
  it was funny the first three times , but now ... 
   our ancestors only spent our empire keeping the nazis out they spent the empire ( which was build on blood ) to get even more colonies ( wwi ) or to prevent any continental power from being a potential threat to them . 
   but nothing changes because otherwise french publicly owned ( majority ) private businesses will be levied millions and millions worth in fines for each migrant that crosses . 
  i am pretty sure that 's illegal and the french state , as well as private investors could sue the uk for that and would most likely win . 
  cameron invited them . 
  in 2014 she had over 80 % support . 
  impossible because : a ) he is a classical landespolitiker for now . 
  b ) the federal leadership of the greens hate him because he is closer to the cdu than to them . 
  c ) he would run as gr\u00fcnen canditate . 
  csu is at 47 % in bavaria ... 
  copy pasting does n't increase the qulaity of your shitposts . 
  edit : points at my portemonnaie . 
  there , the filthy leach touched me right there . 
  that sweet salt . 
  just saying that she certainly is n't an idiot . 
  and unless germany is in much worse shape than in 2005 , your criticism is a bit of an overreaction . 
  she is a doctor in nuclear physics , so ... 
  if that 's true then i fully support this attitude . 
  are you finally going to tricker article 50 ? 
  that 's how this mess started . 
  we basically led the kosovo intervention and were in command of the north of afghanistan . 
  did n't get suspicious when i linked you to the website of the bundeswehr ?? 
  you are aware that i am german right ? 
  the facebook page of the arm\u00e9e fran\u00e7aise - op\u00e9rations militaires even shared some pictures of german officers celebrating the world cup in 2014 with them . 
   when i was at school , i was always taught that the reason the austo-hungarian army was so useless was because there we 're so many languages/cultures in it that it ceased to function . 
  then you were at a bad school . 
  the austro hungarian army was useless because it was outdated . 
  they lacked machine guns , they lacked heavy artillery , they lacked sufficient ammunition supplies , their officer corps was unflexible and they had a lack of ncos . 
  the language barrier was a minimal problem and irrelevant in the grand picture . 
  [ we have 650 soldiers in mali ] ( https://www.bundeswehr.de/portal/a/bwde/!ut/p/c4/04_sb8k8xllm9msszpy8xbz9cp3i5eyrphk9ppkuvl3uzlzixnssqls90tsk1kkknmzkbl2qxiyc1dz9gmxhrqdylhc-/ ) ... and i do n't know what you want with the poles . 
  edit : for fucks sake . 
  the polish flag is the other way around . 
  franco-german brigade , franco-german officer corps and always pairing in the eurokorps and the baltic airspace control . 
  not true . 
  we have commited a sizable force to mali and are going to increase our forces in sudan . 
  no , but they could have if they had n't been stupid nazis . 
  the kaiser managed to do it too . 
  for one : back up churchills plan of dealing with ce and do n't be so fucking naive about uncle joe . 
  fdr could have gotten to berlin before the soviets and probably to polands western border if he had accepted the possibility of partial surrender of forces in the west . 
  old , poor and corrupt . 
  no it does n't . 
  they had 25 years ( west berlin had 70 ) . 
  saxony managed to get its shit together . 
  it 's a money sink and is proud of it . 
  shit like ber and the incompetent city administration increase the anger . 
  berlin deserves all the shit it gets on r/de . 
  that 's for being arm und auch nicht sexy !, 
  they easily could have but fdr had a massive man boner for stalin . 
   you need a common ethnicity either you do n't know what this word means or you are using it wrong . 
  there is no common ethnicity in the swiss , belgian or us army . 
  we still have an old wood or coal oven in the garage and for water we can reactivate the well in our garden . 
  canned beans , corn , kraut and pickeled fish . 
  sacks of rice and lentils . 
  concentration camps are not the same as extermination camps . 
  the concentration camps were considered especially nasty labor camps similar to soviet gulags . 
  the extermination camps were all in the general governemont , the balkan , or eastern europe . 
  and today you have the internet . 
  back then germany has been under martial law for years with media lockdown and no freedom of movement . 
  well , guantanamo is right at the doorstep of the u.s. and the extermination camps were all in occupied territories in easter europe or in allied countries . 
  the nazis actually wanted full reliable deniability towards the germans . 
  there 's a reason why g\u00f6bbels is considered the father of modern marketing and mass media . 
  we lost our rowing coach , so i slightly disagree . 
  r/sweden is leaking . 
  i once stumbled over a conspiracy theorie on another part of the internet where some guy claimed that nuclear weapons are just a huge bluff and that they do n't exist . 
  he said that it 's a conspiracy by the majority of governments on earth and that he knew it because he once was at a nuclear storage facility and all they had stored there were potatoes . 
  it was apeshit crazy but really funny to read . 
  but is n't it just tourists and promis who go there anyway ? 
  yeah , that 's what i ment . 
  nah , it 's a perspective thing . 
  if you wa n't to be lazy in classifying things as central european just take the former borders of the hre . 
  wait , were n't most czechs ( except for jews , gypsys and a few other minorities ) able to get reichsb\u00fcrgerschaft ? 
  i for one welcome our new overlords . 
  that poor portuguese guy . 
  he had to walk all alone ... 
   czes\u0142aw g\u0119borski that guy is peace of human garbage that did n't just kill and torture german civilians for fun but executed multiple polish anti communists . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/poland/1376828/polish-man-accused-of-war-crimes-against-the-germans.html this article describes it pretty good . 
   the recollections of german camp survivors bear witness to the harshness of the camp regime . 
  in one instance a man was sealed in a barrel in which nails had been hammered through the side . 
  the barrel was then rolled around the camp until he bled to death .
