  one of germanys largest coal power plants was bought up by a polish-czech conglomerat . 
   do n't forget mini ** saved ** by bmw fixed that for you, 
  i am pretty sure that suez and irak do n't qualify as decisions in the interest of the british people . 
  the scene were our main protagonist is drafted into a sonderkommando ? 
  i think it 's at the polish / ukrainian border where friedhelm is ordered to execute five jews . 
   all the poles were portrayed as antisemitic that 's not true . 
  the main jewish protagonist gets rescued by a polish girl when he is send to auschwitz and later when he joins the polish resistance their leader covers for him . 
  then when he tries to escape a death squad the son of a polish farmer warns him that he 's been betrayed and helps him escape . 
  i included s\u00fcd-tirol when i said gro\u00dfdeutschland . 
  that 's what the non austrian paneuropa members are trying to understand . 
  we have or had the same controversy in germany . 
  october 31st is actually a religious holiday in many states so it is even worse . 
  the english article is n't that good sadly : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paneuropean_union, 
  no and a bit . 
  a lot of emps and politicians are members . 
  oldest existing european unification movement . 
  the head of the austrian chapter is karl von habsburg ( his father otto was president of the international paneuropa for a long time ) . 
  soon ... 
  actually karl von habsburg made him an honorary member of paneuropa-austria . 
  that 's why other chapters formed an official complaint . 
  so does he , even so much that he wants gro\u00dfdeutschland back . 
  well it 's a fairly old video and gets posted on reddit at least twice a year . 
  repost : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4dqcu1/world_war_ii_justified_by_former_german_soldiers/ i 've seen it at least 3 times already on this sub . 
  exactly, 
  the fucker should rather fight child-marriages and reform our rape laws and underage crime laws . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  well we have the bundesamt f\u00fcr ausr\u00fcstung , informationstechnik und nutzung der bundeswehr and the there are enough reservists and active officers who worked in the consulting and cost management sector . 
  that makes her worse . 
  the bundeswehr has experts for that , but they are simply ignored and instead vdl wastes millions of euros . 
   basically the same thing , heck those fuckers just copied most of it !!!, 
  have you ever read the koran ? 
  they do n't really have that much in common . 
  especially not if you only consider the new testament the religious fundament for christianity . 
  honestly , she is a horrible defence minister . 
  instead of fixing the processes her predecessors started she started a shit ton of new half assed reforms . 
  how the fuck is vdl more popular than kretschmann or seehofer ?? 
  actually it 's because of the bible . 
  then he should n't have brought it up . 
  i am not quite sure what the age has to do with it . 
  the average age of die linke is 61 . 
  on the other hand the fdp has the lowest average age if i recall correctly . 
  please no . 
  the way poles on here complain about them it is fairly easy to get that image . 
  you do know that a ) this is not how genetics work and b ) that 's the same kind of logic that led to people commiting genocides . 
  it really is n't . 
  or how would you define it ? 
  considering that slovenia is basically so muddy that there is no pure blood that sounds really ironic . 
  i feel like he would love it . 
  well planning and testing will start by 2022 but it is planned to replace the leo2 and the lerlec by 2030 . 
  he was ranting about people who vote for canditates that are n't ethnic natives being blood traitors . 
  chill the fuck out little nazi . 
  kant is already on it . 
  they will be finnished in 2030 . 
  until then enjoy the leo2 updates . 
  to quote friedrich the great : `` soldiers are the perfect husbands . 
  they know how to cook , to stitch , how to clean and are used to following orders ! '', 
  do you really think nato would have invaded you ? 
  this gets an entirely different feeling when you know that the soviets planned to violate austrian neutrality the minute wwiii started . 
  interestingly enough vienna was one of the top targets to be nuked by the soviets in case of wwiii . 
  do you at least know a joke about germans ? 
  am i the only one that was surprised by bosnia ? 
  what kind of jokes are they even making about us ? 
  i recently saw a study from 1953 in which it said that 70 % of austrians rejected the idea of an austrian nation and still considered them selfs solely as german . 
  another study i saw a few weeks ago put that number at 7 % for today . 
  so what you are saying is that we should support norbert hofer in his quest to reunifie austria and germany ? 
  yes, 
  i think you are mixing up colonizing and being colonized . 
  first time i hear of this guy , what a douche . 
  from further reading i can say that the wikipedia article is even a bit toned down on how douchy he was . 
  since you do n't seem to be able to use google : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basis_nord, 
  i am talking about military cooperation . 
  germany attacked british shipping from soviet harbors . 
  counter example . 
  soviet-german cooperation was far higher than japanese-german cooperation . 
  and they are considered full allies . 
   all other countries that 's the important part here . 
  actually , no . 
  it was n't normal cooperation . 
  all other countries that had a simillar degree of cooperation with germany are considered members of the axis or co-beligrents . 
  well , it included clauses that go a lot further than just not attacking each other . 
  it was more than that . 
  it regulated ressource exchange , information exchange , population exchange , basing rights and cooperation in economic and military matters . 
  german submarines operated from soviet bases during the norway campaign and the soviets provided the germans with intelligence reports and weather maps from their spys in britain . 
  it was n't just a non aggression pact . 
  it was a cooperation pact . 
  it included basing rights , intelligence cooperation and material support . 
  stalin actively requested to become a full member of the trie-party agreement otl . 
  has anybody data for 2008 till 2014 or today period ? 
  faport so far has done a pretty good job with frankfut airport , there could have been worse `` investors '' . 
  just imagine if it were the guys responsible for ber . 
  source ? 
  when you cross from the german part of the e50 onto the czech part you wonder if you travelled through time because the road quality just changed . 
  we still want you . 
  if somebody shit talks eastern europe i bring up the baltics and every time the response is `` they do n't count , they 're awesome '', 
  the u.k. is n't much of an export oriented economy anymore and it 's main good is services . 
  the u.k. systematically dismantled its manufacturing sector and switched to a service driven sector that profited from a stable pound and acces to the common market . 
  `` permanent surveillance '' does n't mean he is being watched 24/7 . 
  it means that the prison staff checks on him every 15 minutes . 
  little nitpick , the roman coins that were found in a tomb in japan have been proven to be brought there by the dutch in the 18th century . 
  but it has long been proven that there was a lot of trade in luxury goods between ancient asia and ancient europe .
