   and when it comes to nuclear power france is not japan , and by far . 
  that 's true . 
  japan has far higher standarts than france ( due to them having a far more dangerous enviroment ) . 
  i have an idea involving hydropower ... 
  you are aware that your so called `` balance of power '' was one of the main reasons there was so much killing , right ? 
  actually , good roads ( good infrastructure in general ) are often big factors in economic development . 
  companies when given the joice between two places that have the same wage standarts will alway choose the one with better infrastructure . 
  better infrastructure encourages tourism and commercial transit . 
  i remember back before the e50 was finnished , i only visited the czech republic maybe once a year . 
  since the e50 has been finnished it is possible for me to reach prague in 2\u00a01/2 hours and i vist the czech republick at least 3 times a year . 
  at least munich has an airport ... and franz josef strau\u00df was n't all bad . 
  i am a huge stargate fan but what always triggered me about atlantis is that they more often than not had the flags of some countries upside down . 
  i first noticed it with germanys flag but later i saw slovakias and latvias . 
  especially lativa is confusing to see upside down . 
  we should totally write a petition to ard/zdf and some french and italian broadcasters to remake that show . 
  while their trusty german science officer would complain about illogical behavior but still give in due to the frenchies charm . 
  we all sound like werner herzog ... 
  i am surprised my self to be honest . 
  especially in the older age group i would have expected germany to be better . 
  to be fair orban deserved it . 
  he called the german government nazis every time they did something he did n't like . 
  we never had much to do with them since we were only recruits back then but we always saw them in the cantina . 
  at my later unit we had some argentinian exchange officers who were all really cool guys . 
  mongolia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhg8t7dcvr8 the base where i was in basic training ( seedorf ) regularly a couple of mongolian exchange officers . 
  you are mixing up steinbr\u00fcck and steinmeier . 
  steinbr\u00fcck was the candidate of the spd in the last election . 
  multiple agreements from the 50s and 70s . 
  the cdu does n't campaign in bavaria and the csu not outside of it . 
  this has given the cdu a big advantage in the past since it could get moderate voters which were on the spectre of the left fringe of the cdu and the more conservative rightwingers from the right edge of the csu . 
  that and the success of portraing them selfs as the unique representatives of bavaria and it 's protectors , made the csu the third largest party in germany when it comes to members . 
  yes and no . 
  while schr\u00f6der layed the groundwork and started the process with the agenda 2010 and the hartz reforms , merkels governments actually managed to fix a lot of broken parts of them . 
  they for example quickly fixed the loss of worker rights that happened went along with the agenda 2010 . 
  or they managed to minimize the damages done by the hartz reforms which were actually half assed in the form the schr\u00f6der government started them . 
  seems legit . 
  while i recently ( literally last week ) started to disagree with her policies regarding the refugee/migrant crisis , i am still overall satisfied with her work because there is more than one crisis . 
  lufthansa is great . 
  `` big '' and `` crowds '' ... more people turn up in front of the mayors office if there is too much air traffick . 
  thanks , i needed that laugh . 
  okay that 's it . 
  what am i as a voter supposed to do ? 
  i do n't support merkels migrant policy anymore and all other partys either have an even worse migration policy or are total lunatics when it comes to economics , welfare and foreign policy . 
  sedan , best day of history !, 
  edit : or do you mean this marne : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_villiers, 
  another word an we are going to cut your agriculture subsidies ... 
  i love sour bread ( it 's healthier than white bread too ) but i get that you hate rye . 
  i do n't like the taste of it either . 
  germany : homourless heavy drinkers who are efficient and slightly militaristic . 
  german engineering , german beer , german efficiency , german might . 
  that 's the way bread is supposed to be ... 
  only if scotland declares for independence and names franz as their king ( death to the windsors ) !, 
  no where in the article it says that and it would be weirded because refugees and immigrants without german citizenship are n't part of the electorate . 
  happy cake day you spelling national socialist ... 
  italian : pizza ... 
  i am sorry but you ca n't get it more right . 
  czech republic : bohemian dumplings . 
  swedish : k\u00f6tbulla french : red kings crab with boiled blums . 
  spanish : paelia irish : stew ... 
  i think it is impossible to grow up in germany and austria without ever having had a good beer . 
  at least in wwi i believe hitler had alcohol due to pear preassure . 
  like roosevelts wet dream ... 
  no only to those countries that chopp of heads in public places and cruzify people ... 
  just saying that it was austria that called hungary nazis in the first place . 
  actually the refugee flow has now basically stopped . 
  the austrians solved the foreigner problems for us again , now we need to do something about those english and americans ... 
  happy independence day estland . 
  potatoes , apples , plums , milk , meat and a few less important things . 
  it 's not even polands own fault but rather the loss of the russian market . 
  in 2014 and 2015 there was this apples against putin thing . 
  i never ate so many apples as in this period . 
  if you call the uk , spain and the u.s. oppressive and authoritarian organizations , sure . 
  is n't your economy basically chained to our economy and very dependent on access to schengen and western - / central europe ? 
  i knows my brothers company employs a lot of czech people and you import and export a lot of stuff from and to germany . 
  i would like to keep the baltics and some others to be honest . 
  they are rather europhile and economically disciplined . 
  franconians approve this message . 
  on the other hand poland is effectively killing our agricultural sector ... 
  we love you guys too . 
  but please do something against the gypsy problem before you enter schengen . 
  i am happy with that . 
  esti and latvia are good europeans and best of ee . 
  lithuania on the other hand ... 
  still better than certain others . 
  when did that happen ? 
  cut your bullshit . 
  germany contributes a lot to foreign endeavors as long as they are reasonable . 
  germay had and has the third largest forces in afghanistan , the second largest in mali and contributes the most in kosovo . 
  besides that we have our special forces in irak , our navy in the mediterranean and in the indian ocean and our airforce spread over three continents . 
  germany gave the third biggest contribution to afghanistan . 
  only the u.s. and uk had more troops there . 
  germany was also the first country to sign up for the post isaf program resolute support . 
  that 's like saying the u.s. 
  contributed nothing to the war in europe . 
  i hope germany will shut its borders and sends a division ( maybe together with france and austria ) to libya and errects a special administration zone there where an entire city for those people can be build . 
  i tried , did n't work . 
  either because my name is n't hans or because i was alone in the room ... 
  damn you for raising expectations !, 
  to be fair , some of those guys attacked the firefighters and tried stopping them from putting out the fire . 
  dare to say that to the people there , you 'll be burning next . 
   europe did n't lift a single finger to help with the war on terror are you fucking kidding me ?
