  that 's actually not what is written there . 
  it just says `` even less '' in the original text but it not reffering to the poles . 
  austria : they are essentially us without the north germans and laxer gun laws . 
  czech republic : cheap prices , good cuisine and generally similar to us . 
  denmark : great ice cream , nice people , good transit to sweden . 
  netherlands : vla , west frisia and rotterdamm . 
  belgium : good cuisine , interesting country and brussels is awesome . 
  luxembourg : cheap and excellent coffee . 
  france : nice people with a strange sense of humor and good wine . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.afghan-network.net/landmines/ ) the us used landmines in afghanistan . 
  more like tacoma and lakewood . 
  seattle is n't that impressive . 
  portland on the other hand is decent compared to seattle . 
  the thing is , the imbalance procedure is part of the macroeconomic square . 
  four goals an economy is trying to reach but are impossible to be achieved all at the same time . 
  so we have either a good unemployment rate and growth but a huge imbalance or more unemployment , less growth and a smaller imbalance . 
  the measures taken by the german government were quite moderate compared to the demands of slovakia , finland and the netherlands . 
  germany was in a mediators role there and had to balance the wishes of the southern states with the wishes of the eastern and northern states . 
  arizona , seriously , the north korea of the us . 
  while it sucks , i guess sometimes you have to bite into the sour apple for the team . 
  let 's see if this all happens before september . 
  if it does i am going cancel my trip to oregon and washington . 
  it 's literally written in to the founding treaty that federalism is the end goal ... 
  he is like a combination of bad english stereotypes hulled together and given authority . 
  hahaha , trying to be funny ? 
  it 's from afghanistan , the german politicians tried to sell it as a humanitarian construction mission . 
  sweden - volvo germany - bmw austria - steyer france - renault italy - ferrari czechia - skoda belgium - fn denmark - lego britain - rolls royce iceland - eve ireland - jameson lichtenstein - hildi, 
  we have plenty of a400 and c-160s . 
  we even provided transport for the french during the initial intervention . 
  actually a sizeable part of the german forces is engineering and pioneer corps . 
  they are teaching the malis how to clean up minefields , build bridges and drill wells . 
  there is a old joke that the u.s. go somewhere to kill the bad guys while the germans build wells and bridges . 
  yeah , no need for offshore companies in panama when you have your own country . 
  no , had n't had enough coffee yet , thus a brainfart ... 
  s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung said there is another big list of names coming when they were asked about the lack of american individuals . 
  the data they got is huge , i am expecting new revelations for the entire month, 
  the list is n't complete yet , but the list contains the family of british pm cameron , sister of spain 's former king philip , icelands pm and some less important people . 
  did n't she have a previous scandal with laundering money , which is one of the reasons why juan carlos stepped down ? 
  france not so much , too many nuclear plants . 
  but i want more mountains . 
  we need austria to get rid of the huge overrepresentation of the northerners . 
  armes europa !, 
  oh it 's april 1st ... 
  i will show my self out . 
  considering that it was the uk that pushed for low tariffs and that germany and poland did n't suffer nearly as much as the british , your losses are rather self inflicted ( thank tatcher and blair for this ), 
  it did and we would have gotten away with it if not for those meddling brits !, 
  no thanks , they can join us and the capitol remains in the shithole berlin . 
  i drink it for the taste ... 
  that 's what alcohol is for . 
  that 's my european freedom , now hand me another bottle of wine . 
  holy shit , that 's a lot . 
  do you have any source for that ? 
  ordering the torture of prisoners in irak , afghanistan and guantanamo , violating the neutrality of other countries ( yemen , pakistan ) ? 
   but south-bavarian culture !, 
  also pretty borders . 
  knowing about the u.s. torturing prisoners and still ordering prisoners to be handed over to u.s. forces . 
  now that 's unnecessarily harsh , he never said something that bad . 
  since i do n't know from which country you are i ca n't answer for yours . 
  but 90 % of the ukrainians in poland are there on visas and not on a refugees status . 
  if we use the same criteria as poland does for their so called refugees from ukraine , germany has 130.000 ukrainians on visas and 6700 who applied for asylum . 
  or you could just call it a combination of healthy self awareness and skepticism like we do in germany . 
  join bavaria ... 
  oh , i apologize , but my point still stands . 
  your behavior is reminiscent of that of an equus africanus asinus ' rectum . 
  no , he just asked who you were talking about since your grammar implied that you were talking about someone different . 
  after you answered and he pointed out that you made a mistake you decided to insult him . 
  very civilized of you , peopllike you are the reason why we ca n't have a civilized discussion . 
  or to get down on your level : you are an asshole . 
  no problem with tolerating slavery and killings across the arab world but here they start bitching around !, 
  did n't do them any good on september 11th . 
  i miss the year 2008 when the $ was at 1,50 $ . 
  what a glorious time it was to be european . 
  fr\u00e4nkische volksfront marches on berlin !, 
  they have ? 
  did n't hear about that . 
  germany has stationed troops in the baltics and gave artillery to lithuania and poland for free . 
  germany here , all you need to do is apply a bit of `` pressure '' . 
  that foreign military is mostly there to keep stability and help the people there . 
  those attackers were a rebel force of a minority that wants to impose sharia law on the majority of the country . 
  does that mean they will get down to fixing the ~ ~ nord-ostsee-kanal ~ ~ kaiser wilhelm kanal ? 
  obama was happy to support france and italy in intervening in the libyan revolution and was the first to supply weapons to syrian rebels . 
  additionally he destabilized irak when he supported the unpopular pm who the president wanted to resign . 
  we could privatize it . 
  well , france lost that sense during libya and syria too . 
  i am really thankful towards our recently deceased foreign minister westerwelle , that he objected to supporting the rebels in libya and syria . 
  you know there 's a difference between cheap industrial shit and a real bakery where they start working at 03:30 am and are n't using those premade mixes . 
  irak was n't under nato , libya was under nato and we did n't participate in either . 
  plus we objected to supporting syrian rebels . 
  you can blame us for the shit in yemen but we pretty much got clean hands on the rest . 
  i was at the bakery down the street this morning and they have easily 13 types of bun , 8 types of bread and a shit ton of other things like bretzeln , stangen , h\u00f6rnchen and all that sweet stuff . 
  considering it 's only send to stable countries ( with exception of the kurds , but that is a different thing ) and that our stuff is usually too expensive for some militia , i would say we still have moral high ground . 
  you seem to be not aware of the fact that german bread is one of the most diverse in the world . 
  there are more than 600 types of bread in germany . 
  https://www.unesco.de/en/kultur/immaterielles-kulturerbe/german-inventory/inscription/german-bread-culture.html https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_cuisine, 
  according to the last reports it seems like is/daesh was behind it . 
  it looks like it was isis , so you should blame the akp which allowed them to operate safely around turkey for far too long . 
  it looks like it was daesh . 
  guess who was right ... 
  i 'm returning from austria to germany . 
  i 've found the final solution to the lobster question ...
