  i guess it depends on the unit you are with . 
  500 ist basically a drop of water . 
  in my first three months of basic training over 40 % of my company left . 
  at the beginning we were 292 recruits and in the end there were only 181 left . 
  oh , good old erdolf . 
  this makes me so incredibly sad :'(, 
  unless you moved between the elections , you only voted for either cdu or csu . 
  you ca n't vote for both . 
  add the fact that streaming is legal , even from a pirated source and you do n't have many people that would risk torrenting, 
  not a big problem in the short term and depending on how it behaves ( and especially why ) it could be even tolerable medium term . 
  the problem i see is that the ecb is already doing every sane thing to keep inflation around 2 percent . 
  it might very well be that we stumbled into a keynesian trap . 
  hitler campaigned on not starting another war and helping veterans . 
  he fought against the crooked system ... 
  what ? 
  g\u00f6ring was more popular than him . 
  hitler actually felt sorry for himmler because he lacked any charisma . 
  i am really going to laugh if this turns out to be a second hitler diaries scandal ... 
  some people did n't learn from history it seems . 
  bundes csu ? 
  think of that holy roman empire though . 
  easy . 
  instead of being called germany , greater germany or something similar , we go old school and call us the hre . 
  denouncing austria or being a pan germanist is n't necessarily something that makes them neo nazis ... just very right wing and a bit delusional, 
  last time a austrian was in charge of germany , we have learned from our mistakes . 
  franconia best germany , remove calvinism from premises . 
  frankonia + swabia + prussia remove rhine area . 
  you live in a kebab store , h\u00f6h\u00f6h\u00f4 . 
  1618 best year of live . 
  overrepresentation in the bundesrat through the city states for example . 
  honestly , i would n't mind having austria as a state or multiple states . 
  it would reduce the ridiculous influence of the north german states . 
  to quote the bavarian pm : `` yes , absolute security is impossible , but we can minimize the risks . '', 
  actually most of them could only have gotten citizenship in the 90s since german citizenship law focused nearly entirely on blood until then . 
  a turkish businessman once told me that most of the economic progress is actually due to us credits and subsidies . 
  that sweet ostsee !, 
  did you just accept the outer oder line ? 
  schle\u00dfien here i come !, 
  ford also has dominance in a few niche markets . 
  i know to paralyzed people . 
  both drive ford because their systems for handicapped seem to be especially advanced and cheap in comparison . 
  give them to eesti , romania and poland . 
  at least there they would be useful . 
  there was a submission here a few weeks ago with the topic of the expulsions of ethnic germans after wwii . 
  it got down voted to oblivion and people called it nazi apologism . 
  too expensive . 
  i would love to and recently even talked about it with a friend from israel . 
  but i ca n't afford it . 
  i 'm german btw . 
   there was no such offer actually there was one during the reunification negotiations under gorbachev http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/wiedervereinigung-moskau-bot-verhandlungen-ueber-ostpreussen-an-a-695928.html#js-article-comments-box-pager i ca n't find a big reliable source for the offer by yeltsin right now . 
  then make traffic . 
  i visit that sub on a regular basis but most of the time there is nothing interesting . 
  semi credible . 
  according to the spiegel they offered it during reunification , but kohl refused due to not wanting to have a money sink that was mostly inhabited by russians . 
  additionally he feared that this would harden the british in their opposition to german re unification . 
  according to some sources bush needed to threaten thatcher to agree because she extremely germanophobic . 
  does n't help that we had 50 years of education telling us that and that when ever a german redditor talks about this stuff , poles and russians come and yell `` nazi ! '', 
  members of the serbian general staff were members , the head of the serbian army intelligence provided them with weapons , training and money and they were directly involved in the overthrow of serbias old ruling dynastie . 
  maybe it is a reference to the german student movement and the period before the revolution of 1848 . 
  the students at the hambacher fest for example used the black red and gold tricolor up side down . 
  and afghanistan was a victim in the war on terror right ? 
  fund terrorism and that 's what you get . 
  does n't turkey have one nobel lauret for something in medicine ? 
  i am probably going to choose istanbul , it seems like it has more to offer on the cultural part . 
  why ? 
  i find it quite clear and well worded . 
  through the asessment of merkels reaction is n't entirely correct and it leaves out some deatails , but overall it is a rather good article . 
  i 'm seriously considering to go to istanbul or egypt in september . 
  i 'm interested in cultural and historic sights and it 's shit cheap . 
  what would be the punishment in saudi arabia for planning a terrorist attack ? 
  we should have accepted yeltsins offer , it would have been better for everyone . 
  i think there are currently 60.000 u.s. 
  soldiers in germany . 
  germany is one of the most important operation bases for us drone warfare and radar surveillance for eastern europe and the middle east . 
  i misunderstood you . 
  yeah , i can recommend it and if you are at it and are interested in the various nato missions , follow resolute support too . 
  they often bring reports and videos about the training of the ana and anti taliban missions . 
  what ? 
  you can simply like and follow them . 
  they often share interesting stuff . 
  guy looked like the german commander from `` battle of the bulge '' and was very `` traditional '' in his training techniques and his rethorics . 
  very admirable guy . 
  i once had a seargant who had the habit of sneaking up to us when we were on guard duty and holding a spoon to our throats . 
  he told us that he could have killed us and our platoon while eating his pudding . 
  i saw on the nato facebook channel , very interesting . 
  dear barack , please stop spreading democracy in germany , we already have enough . 
  sincerely a worried kraut . 
  that 's not what happened . 
  the boxer in question was n't supposed to have weapons since it was a command & communications vehicle . 
  the soldiers comblaint and a stabsfeldwebel told them to use a broom if they do n't like it . 
  they certainly had enough mgs for the boxer flw , since other units had to provide them in order for those guys to have enough . 
  yeah , sch\u00e4uble is fighting a personal crusade against their policies . 
  no problem , was just surprised before seeing that the source did it too . 
  edit : wtf ? 
  why are people downvoting you ? 
  why are you especially highlighting german companies ? 
  at least you guys are always honest : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/islamic-state/11459675/greeces-defence-minister-threatens-to-send-migrants-including-jihadists-to-western-europe.html, 
  the last one was more the rest of europe destroying germany for the lulz . 
  was n't it your defense minister that threatened to drown europe in immigrants and terrorists just two years ago ? 
  well , seems like he kept his promise .
