  we can offer karl the throne . 
  but we would have to marry one of his hires off to a hohenzollern or else face a huge wave of unruleyness in the north . 
  i know , and the best part : we wo n't have to worry about that hoferer and vandder bellen stuff anymore . 
  and kurz can replace fat siggi !, 
  i was more thinking along the line of `` let the \u00d6ssis pick the date '' ... 
  it 's pretty much what the majority here sees as what has happened . 
  that 's no bullshit . 
  it 's the mostly accepted popular narrative here . 
  do n't worry , anschluss will fix this . 
   invading russia in only two decades . . ? 
  in wwi russia invaded germany . 
  in the beginning germany was on the defense in the east and russian incompetence saved germanys ass . 
   makes sense for austria , considering their long standing neutrality which has been worth nothing . 
  recently released cold war papers show that vienna was one of the top targets in central europe to be nuked in case of war by the soviets . 
   ww1 was inevitable . 
  depends on the timespan and on what i am allowed to change . 
   not making peace early in the conflict was a mistake . 
  there were multiple attempts . 
  sadly it did n't work out . 
  well , it 's not like the the russians , french and british had already made plans to divide your empire in 1910 ... 
  it would have been just a question of time . 
  i agree ... 
  it still is n't an abuse of power . 
  well then you wo n't find a country you could call `` democratic '' because nearly every tax service on the planet has similar powers . 
  why is it an abuse of power ? 
  it 's totally legal for them to do that and makes sense . 
  but seriously , do n't fuck with the finanzamt . 
  i know of a case where they send the local sek ( swat ) to a lawyer who forgot to pay taxes on a company car he sold . 
  they suspected he might be hiding more and because of him having a hunting license they marked him as potentially dangerous . 
  his door was blast open on a saturday morning at 6 am . 
  because a ) it 's the csu idea and german reddit user who is n't bavarian hates the csu and b ) the way the csu wants to implement it is very idiotic because it violates eu rules . 
  he claims that it is actually government money which does n't need to be taxed . 
  so you post a opinion piece from a newspaper that has been repeatedly caught lying and expect to be taken seriously ? 
  italy too from my experience . 
  did n't say that you control it , just that it makes you different . 
   this is something that really bugs me about germany - and imho it 's the csu who is blocking it out of respect to older bavarian voters . 
  so a small minority of conservative voters influence a policy which is totally , absolutely irrelevant to them . 
  you would be surprised but there is a shocking number of young anti equal rights people in both the cdu and csu . 
  everytime i am at party meetings or ju conventions an the topic comes up i feel like i am talking to 50 or 60 years old people . 
  well , the fighting was mostly in the air and the bombing affected mostly urban southern england . 
  but i get your point . 
  sealion was wargamed at sandhurst in 1973 - the `` commanders '' had all been junior officers in1940 the umpires were slightly more senior - adolf galland for example . 
  the result - an overwhelming german defeat . 
  the main problen was that the rn was so superior - in fact the naval command in the wargame soon realised that only light cruisers , destroyers and fast attack craft were necessary . 
  it is noteworthy that the result was agreed by all the commanders and umpires . 
  operation seel\u00f6we is the biggest joke in history . 
  only idiots believe that it could have succeeded . 
  germany did n't have the equipment nor the experience to pull of a naval landing of that scale . 
  and regarding the unions that is the exact opposite development they took for example in germany or humgary . 
  with what would the wehrmacht have invaded ? 
  riverboats ? 
  and a few good shots are worth nothing when you are outnumbered and outgunned . 
  and the history of unions in britain is quite different compared to french or german unions . 
  i 've actually seen a quite excellent comment on one of those threads that has shown quite well how the british mindset is fundamentally different from the continental one . 
  it basically comes down to britain having been extremely lucky over the last 400 years . 
  you have n't had to fight a war against foreign invaders on your home soil for centuries , your political decisions have always managed place you in a decent spot and your geographical location has prevented your lower classes from being affected too much by foreign influences . 
  i am starting to believe that the uk is led by insane people who actively try to make their country hated by the continent . 
  it is definitely working . 
  huh , indeed . 
  to be fair , they both were kind of tricked . 
  the union was scoring pretty low before the nomination of both canditates . 
  depends . 
  the law is pretty clear on what is illegal . 
  i am not familiar enough with his case . 
  i was talking about the international market, 
  on the other hand vw was one of the main supporters of labour and union rights in the us . 
  i 've heard conspircacy theories that the us tackled vw intentionally because it was getting too powerfull and threatening us brands . 
   the only way to move forward at all is with a common language bullshit . 
  that 's a myth . 
  it is in bonn because a ) there were n't fitting facilities in berlin , b ) as a concession to the city of bonn and c ) because the military advised a decentralised system, 
  i can live with that . 
  the german ministry of defense is in bonn and in case of a war a decentralized system is safer than a centralized one . 
  if somebody plans a decapitation strike he will have it harder if he needs to hit multiple targets . 
  i disagree . 
  i think decentralization of institutions is something that increases security , furthers acceptance of `` federalism '' and prevents power grabs . 
  meh , i would rather have it in stra\u00dfbourg than in brussels . 
  stop moving the parliament once a month and give them the building . 
  makes the french shut up and is easily defensible . 
  have n't you been beaten by japan , cuba and the dominican republic repeatedly ? 
  most things i can think off actually come from europe . 
  car , computer , telephone , cinema , liquid fuel rockets , pizza , mechanical clocks , the world wide web , fuel engines , fanta , modern destillery techniques , modern vaccination , artificial fertilizers , wall plugs , the newspaper , the light bulb and a shit ton more . 
  honestly , at this point i am really getting an anti uk sentiment . 
  the bullshit they 've thrown around during the brexit debate was already insulting and dishonest , the aftermath of the referendum was a farce . 
  with the recent attacks on polish people , blaming germany for everything they do n't like in the eu and calling it the fourth reich , farages continued assholery in the european parliament , their tiptoeing around with article 50 and now this . 
  or we could be like switzerland or germany where the army is controlled by the parliament ? 
  honestly , i would sign up for both . 
  a de facto eu foreign legion or a european defense force . 
  they would propaply pay better than the bundeswehr too and the work climate would be better . 
  it will only increase in the future . 
  starting in 2030 germany and france will have a common tank ( project kant ) , germany might adopt the hk416 and thus will have the same standart rifle as france , there are plans to increase the size of the franco-german brigade , there are plans to deepen german dutch cooperation even further and there are plans for a german-czech unit . 
  is that you antifa ? 
  [ we literally call him sheepdog and he is one of the most iconic dogs ever . 
  a big applaus for the german shepperd !, 
  ] ( http://cdn2-www.dogtime.com/assets/uploads/gallery/german-shepherd-dog-breed-pictures/standing-7.jpg ), 
  a good friend of mine who has studied history and math is into collecting coins and has affected me a bit too . 
  while he has a huge collection of euro , dm , swiss francs , french francs , lire and schilling , my own collection consits of german , austrian and spanish euros and 1900 year old roman coins . 
  considering that the us army is actively running recruiting stations in germany and that the law regarding joining the french foreign legion has been lifted in 2011 , i do n't think this law is enforced anymore and that the bvfg would rule against it . 
  it managed to hold of the russians , serbians and italians long enough for the germans to arrive while being outnumbered , outgunned and commanded by one of the worst military commanders of the twentieth century ( von h\u00f6tzendorf ), 
  or sterilize 30 % of the population like eleanor wanted ? 
   in our power to take your industry you did partially deindustrialize parts of hesse and franconia .
