  still , the rest holds up and the updated versions make them as good as new . 
  you mean like the pzh2000 and new g36 rifles mg5 gpmgs ? 
  or the brand new patches of boxer vehicles ? 
  ah sorry , i did n't realize that . 
  that 's been the national interest of the uk for the last 500 years . 
  if russia invades poland they will have to attack german troops and so far we have proven to honor our alliance commitmends . 
  and this thinking that they have to buy us hardware is fallacy because it implies that if they wo n't buy us equipment , the us wo n't back them . 
  this thinking is so awfully stupid because it would mean that the us only backs their allies if they buy american made stuff . 
   has been buying a lot of us military hardware , often ignoring european defense bids . 
  considering that the majority of the baltics state look like the bundeswehr with a different camo pattern , that 's an awful generalization . 
  the arrested siemens contractors tell a different story ... 
  i met mr. boskov in early march last year at a political convention . 
  he asked what the french and german governments were going to do about the migrant wave coming their way , because macedonia would n't be able to cope for much longer . 
  we were surprised and aghast because that was the first time we had heard about it . 
  welcome on board , now you know how germans feel most of the time on this sub . 
  sounds pretty doubtfull . 
  if they did it because they worried about russia they could have easily sticked to the airbus deal . 
  they would have gotten additional manufacturing facilities and a better deal . 
  or are you saying that the us wo n't suppord poland unless they buy us made equipment ? 
  kaiser nostalgia intensifies . 
  i smell corruption . 
  yeah , for scottland . 
  something something independence . 
  bread basket of europe and all that . 
  something something project fear ... 
  sucks . 
  excellent article , i just wanted to submit it my self . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/germanys-neighbors-try-to-redeem-their-1989-negativity/a-4861759 the part about france explains it pretty good . 
  that was n't intented though . 
  france originally had it the other way in mind when they came up with the idea . 
  the euro was literally designed to slow down german growth . 
  the entire point of the montan-union was to get control over the german economy without destroying it . 
  i blame the british . 
  wow , i can understand being mad at the ecb or at deutsche bank . 
  but the anti german sentiment in here is poisenous . 
  thatcher called , she want her wage law liberalization back . 
  i see that you follow the trump school of politics . 
  and you still ignore the other parts of my previous two comments ? 
  that germany compared to the netherlands had a moderate stance towards southern europe during the euro crisis . 
   you do not want that actually , great that you know what i want . 
   as a state where everyone is equal would be ` making germans second class people again ' as you just said . 
  you understood nothing ...  it was never intended to be either . 
  oh so the goal of further integration in both the treaty of rome and the lisbon treaty are just there for the lulz ? 
  and the satements by de gaulle and adenauer where just jokes too , right ? 
  well , you are just as fucked as everyone else who is n't a banker , including me . 
   i would prefer to not belong to the same superstate that 's controlled by germany . 
  well , neither would i. i want to live in a superstate where everyone is equal . 
   good job on taking the victim role though , while you 're being the one to ruine lifes , propects , wellbeing and futures around the continent . 
  coming from a dutchman that is rich . 
  if your government had its way there would n't be a greece , portugal or spain in the eu anymore . 
  so you are a banker ? 
  so you would prefer to go back to making germans second class people ? 
  that 's the same arrogance those assheads of in berlin are showing . 
  the catholic part of germany is basically feeding the mouths of south european and north german bankers and politicians . 
  then you 're full of bullshit . 
  the entire point of the ec and the eu was to keep germany down . 
  just because we are n't your slaves anymore you are suddenly eurosceptic . 
  the ecb is usually acting against germanys interests . 
  just look at qe , hm and the massive bond purchases . 
  those were all spearheaded by southern europe . 
   we are not involved in yemen . 
  no , only when the fuck up is in your area of responsibility . 
  yemen for example is n't your area of responsibility but you still keep supporting the saudis there . 
  were n't there numerous reports in 2014 that exactly that happened ? 
  because the cia smuggled weapons from libya to syria and funded local tribes that were unhappy with assad but mostly passive ? 
  show me the statement where she invited refugees . 
  and i do n't mean a unsourced sun or guardian article with mistranslated unsourced quotes . 
  this claim has been debunked here numerous times . 
  if you want to blaim someone for the migration wave blame the uk . 
  as someone who studies economics , god no . 
  germanys economic system is called `` social market economy '' or rhinish capitalism . 
  before the war there essentially was an cold war situation for nearly a decade but without nukes . 
  imagine if kennedy had been shot by a cuban spy ... 
  considering all the banter and provocative talk coming from london it might have been a reaction out of annoyance ? 
  fun fact : the british admiralty warned parliament of `` the german threat '' before wilhelm ii . 
  started the german fleet program which it self was a reaction to the british foreign service threatening to blockade german ports during the second moroccon crisis . 
  you are aware that the uk is one of the most unpopular countries in germany , right ? 
  you mean after the uk threatened germany with war during the second moroccon crisis ? 
  where the fuck did you go to school ? 
  there is only one true king in the north and his name hohenzollern . 
  okay let 's make a compromise . 
  we bring back the staufer and nobody is happy . 
  you know what , i will even throw in claudia roth for free if you give us kurz . 
  germany . 
   but the expressis verbis claim that these refugees are a result of `` us/uk wars '' should make anyone even remotely in the know regarding that subject bloody well cringe . 
  i know , but this comes from the first reports talking about syrians and irakis . 
  this with the reports of the us fuck ups in the middle east this all seems to make sense to many people . 
   the inner-bundeswehr attitude towards global policy and especially our nato allies has taken a distinctly , sometimes even absurdly anti-western turn since the latter half of the nineties . 
  i 'd wager a significant part of it is due to not so much to the general chip on our shoulder ( that has been around since the 50s/60s and never been much of a problem before ) , but to the large influx of east german/russlanddeutsche personnel since reunification , who increasingly provide much of the manpower of the modern bundeswehr . 
  abolishing conscription certainly has n't helped with retaining diverse/informed attitudes among the troops either , i suppose . 
  i once nearly ended up in a fist fight with an sg because he claimed that afghanistan was a plot by the us to control the world supply of heroin . 
  there is a lot of this iodiocy but i have seen it with italian and dutch soldiers too . 
  that 's what you get if you do n't listen to the government . 
  10 days worth of supplies my friend . 
  nah , austria is enough . 
  we should first start resetteling east germany . 
  all that lebensraum in brandenburg . 
  we actually have a lot of poles and slovaks at our university , so i do n't think that is the reason . 
  really , at my university and in the army that 's what most people say . 
  good idea .
