  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rolls-royce_motor_cars the airplane and generators part is owned by vw group . 
  i 've read their paper and i mostly agree with all they say ( i am center right ) . 
  let 's see if it is only words or if they can follow up on it . 
  rolls royce is owned by vw anyway , so it 's not like they ca n't manufactre it in romania or somewhere . 
  as long as article 50 . has n't been triggered the uk can still vote on eu legislation and influence things from the inside . 
  because of this there are fears that the eu will try to buy time for as long as possible to make a mess out of this . 
  if you ask some redneck from georgia ( us ) , he wo n't be able to tell the difference anyway . 
  we were decent guys till 1933 too ... 
  fun fact , germany and sweden tried to get a quota for refugee distribution back then , but it was shot down by italy . 
  as far as i know german was officially suppressed under tito . 
  germans after the war where ethnically cleansed like in other eastern territories and german was n't taught in schools anymore . 
  the only region were it survived in any significance was slovenia . 
  they are going to the pub . 
  this morning they posted that they had fun and that the asperin is helping . 
  afd is n't for leaving the eu , it 's against the euro . 
  suggesting to leave the eu would be political suicid in germany considering that in a recent poll about 80 % of people were in favor of the eu and against a similar referendum in germany . 
  ended before de gaulle became president ... 
  your point is ? 
  vla and waffles for everyone !, 
  let 's say the inauguration of the president is in aachen cathedral ( using the symbols of the emperors of old ) and the capitol is brussels ? 
  well , it was mainly fdr ( and eleanor roosevelt ) and morgenthau himself who wanted that . 
  according to churchills memoirs that were n't even the craziest ideas roosevelt had for post war germany . 
  or for germany , move to the ruhr please ... 
  i would be more than happy with this . 
  yeah , i would be glad if we would start to take our military spending more seriously . 
  yeah , de gaule was one of the few allied leaders ( except for churchill ) that did n't have a revenge boner for germany . 
  good guy , without him the franco-german friendship probably would n't have happened . 
  the stock market is going insane , my facebook is a mix of europhobes who now want the afd to do the same in germany , normal people who are concerned about the economy , people like me who are amused by all of it and see more of a chance for the future in all this . 
  i am having a good laugh right now . 
  this is hilarious . 
  for years he has been blaming the screw ups of his government and the unpopular decisions they made on the eu , then he campaigned on the promise of a brexit referendum . 
  only shortly before the referendum he started to say `` we need to stay because reasons '' . 
  i wish i had some popcorn . 
  btw , good luck on sunday . 
  gieger in franconia ... 
  well , handy was actually the name of the siemens mobile phone but then became the name of all mobile phones . 
  he has a point though . 
  at least we could stop wasting tax money on that black hole ... 
  the germans helped the soviets in the baltics by applying political pressure and the soviets helped the nazis fight france and britain by providing them with secret intelligence , submarine basing rights , strategic resources and weather charts . 
  the soviet union also provided the nazis basing rights for submarines , intelligence from their spies for the battle of britain and supplied them with the resources necessary to neutralize the british blockade . 
  no , it 's not sold there because you did n't manage to develop to a proper alcohol culture over the last 200 years . 
  you just gained weight . 
  how has this anything to do with merkel ? 
   i suspect poland will join russia in the future partition 3.0 electric boogalo . 
  which ee nations ? 
  poland and the baltic nations voted in favor . 
  i did n't know that czechia , hungary and slovakia should have more power than the other 400 million eu citizens . 
  indeed . 
  and k\u00f6nigsberg is historically german . 
  sure , as soon as russia leaves ee alone and retreats from ukrainian territory . 
  i did n't find it necessary to point out the obvious ... 
  thanks, 
  what does fwiw mean ? 
  so , like brandenburg with lower unemployment and better beer ? 
  nice move , implying that i am a neo nazi , if would frequent in r/de from time to time you would know that i am everything but a neonazi . 
  and i am pretty curious what post in my history implies that . 
  but since you apparently want to be an asshole , fine . 
   but what do i expect from a guy using the term `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' . 
  that term is by now a hyperbolic germanism that ( sadly ) has it self established on this sub ( the british press used it a lot ) . 
  steinmeiers comment would correctly translated to : `` what we should n't do now , is through threats and war cries , fire up the situation . '', 
  this is the same situation as with merkels alledged `` we have no upper limit , all refugees are welcome '' . 
  he actually did n't say that nato is warmongering . 
  that 's an intentional mistranslation by the bbc . 
  talk about l\u00fcgenpresse . 
  i think he was talking about de jure possesion of self manufactured nuclear weapons . 
  not being capable of producing nukes in a months if we want to or having some leased us nukes . 
  that 's why we should get tactical nuclear weapons . 
  we ca n't rely on the us for that . 
  edit : the downvoters should at least give a response so that i know if they are leftwing or rightwing idiots, 
  yes , according to the proposed script for germany new security manifest , russia is the biggest thread to german and european security and peace . 
  because only a recent court decision ( 2011 ) and a follow up law change allowed courts to prosecute people who did n't directly kill other but aided and supported the genocide in a passive way . 
  office clergs , guards , cooks , etc. . . 
  titel is wrong thoug . 
  he was sentenced for helping in the murder of 170.000 people . 
  it makes a difference , or else he could have been sentenced under the former law which demanded the prosecuters to prove that he was directly involved in the killing . 
  fun fact : the companies that produce the leo and the lerlec ( ? ), 
  merged . 
  we actually have leased nuclear weapons and no political party ( except for die linke ) wants to get rid of them . 
  i think you might confuse causation with effects . 
  is n't it because the staatsvertrag forbids austria from military integration with germany ( together with a second anschluss ? ), 
  god , i so want a carolingian empire 2.0 now ... 
  and we supplied you with weapons in your independence war ... love croatia !, 
  yeah , would have been manslaughter or murder . 
  this time you will drink the buckets . 
   try france l'amour seems to be in a self finding phase ...  poland ? 
  lol, 
  our relationship with austria is difficult and the netherlands are in a bad mood due to the euro thing ... 
  you mean the stuff in mein kampf ? 
  well hitler already planned the war against the us 3 generations down the road in there , but realistically the entire nazi paper house would have either collapsed with hitlers death or a puppet of the military ( g\u00f6ring ) would have taken over . 
  yeah , in the early 30 hitler still considered italians subhumans and as soon as mussolini became usefull they were suddenly honorary aryans or some shit . 
  the same goes for slovaks , croats , hungarians , romanian , bulgarians and bosniaks . 
  hitler would have probably died in the late 40s anyway by all the poison morell was giving him and the fat drug addict g\u00f6ring would have legaly taken over , who was an asshole but thankfully did n't realy believe in all that nazi racial theory . 
  well , even in the best case ( hitler dies and g\u00f6ring takes over ) no country would have had the sovereignity they had before the war . 
  dutch climate refugees welcome ... ? 
  economically speaking you already are anschlussed , so why not , we like you guys ( at least here in bavaria/franconia ), 
  no , it usually lays as a letter opener on my desk or hangs next to my great grandfathers bayonet on the wall next to the tv . 
  a romanian guy tried to break into my parents home last saturday . 
  i was there to watch the dog ( and consume pay tv ) while they were on vacation . 
  the fucking fool tried to enter the room next to me . 
  i freaked out and nearly stabbed him with my grandfathers bayonet .
