  should just kill the fuckers instead of releasing them . 
  germany produces better wine anyway . 
  all points you named are part of their official party program which you can find on their website , nothing of that was `` leaked '' . 
  they are not making a secret out of it , people are just too stupid inform them selfs or do n't care . 
  from the amount of gays i 've seen in pilsen and eger i am inclined to call czechia homo-friendly . 
  from the amount of gays i 've seen in pilsen and eger i am inclined to call czechia homo-friendly . 
  you know what feels gut too ? 
  jk  seriously , let 's team up and get ~ ~ kaliningrad ~ ~ k\u00f6nigsberg ... 
  i do n't think they wanted to attack poland , but just buy their weapons there . 
  i mean who wants to attack poland ? 
  ( except russia and if you ask pis , germany ), 
  idiots . 
  everyone knows that ukraine , bosnia and serbia are the places to go for black market weapons and if you want to stay inside of the eu just go to czech republic ... 
  amateur everywhere . 
  the raf and nsu would be ashamed about such people . 
  did n't the guardian do ads for primark ? 
  would n't be so sure with all the stuff porzner was up to in the 70s, 
  are they fucking kidding me ? 
  the spiegel was the loudest in crying refugees welcome and decried everyone who suggested closing the border . 
  and now they have the guts to say `` yeah merkel did that , we the media have nothing to do with it '' ?? 
  says the guy from the country that once invaded 2/3ds of the planet ... 
  i do n't realy feel like dismantling poland ( again ) , but russia has n't been using k\u00f6nigsberg properly for a long time . 
  we should totaly buy it . 
  okay , i can live with that . 
  would be the only reason i would consider voting for them . 
  austria we want you back < 3, 
     ~ ~ overstatement ~ ~   ~ ~ understatement . ~ ~  ~ ~ overstatement ~ ~ simply correct, 
  die linke actually lost votes in sachsen-anhalt . 
  just not to the same extent it did in the other states . 
  making the right decision for the wrong reason . 
  not really , the csu has only suffered a 1 - 2 % loss to the afd . 
  kretschmann is basically josef g\u00f6ppel in a party with no serious competition . 
  circumcision of children has been illegal for years now . 
  the bundesverfassungsgericht ruled on that in 2012 iirc . 
  edit : i am wrong . 
  they just passed a law to regulate it . 
  mainly due to the east . 
  in bavaria you have unemployment of 2 %, 
  we provided you with half our transport planes and you forget to mention us ... 
  well , it has its pros an cons . 
  the city pays a bit less directly than the us army but they fund any renovations we are doing ( new yard , new heating system , etc. . . ) but the city officials tend to behave like snopish assholes while the americans usualy were well mannered and asked before they had stupid ideas . 
  we have been rending out houses to us officers but the garrison has been downsized due to them getting sued by a lot people because of the helicopter noise . 
  now we are rending it to the city to house refugees . 
  yeah no . 
  i hate those `` ami go home '' guys , they cost my family a couple of thousand euros . 
  afd is more to the right of the fp\u00d6 . 
  the fp\u00d6 at least knows how to play the game . 
  i always imagined you as the legs or arms of a fat austria/germany ... 
  nice try , now gib back siebenb\u00fcrgen to austria ... 
  what is belgium ? 
  are you talking about flanders , eupen and northern france ? 
  why not go a step further and restore the hre ? 
   claiming belgium has a government that gets shit done and survives longer than a brown bear in bavaria ... lol nope ... 
  what ? 
  i 've been to england multiple times and german cuisine is closer to french than to british . 
  bad history if i have ever seen it ... 
  ignoring thousand years of hre history and charlemagne and his sons ... 
  was n't croatia steamrolled back then ? 
  if we go strictly by terminology , austria hungary was just a phase . 
  it lasted for 50 years and the austrian part ended up trying to join germany after its collapse . 
  but you can try to ignore the centuries old history of the kingdom of germany which had austria at its center ... 
  i am split between austria , france and the netherlands ... austria is essentially germany and only to a fluke of history ended up independent . 
  the french are literally our brothers and our mirror on the other side of the rhine . 
  dating back to charlemagne there has always been this explosive relationship . 
  the netherlands ... 
  similar to austria but not nearly as intensive . 
  just google their programm for christs sake ... 
  you make them party chairman . 
  you are in support of securing the outer schengen border but do n't want to suspend schengen, 
  fdp/union voter, 
  blood and iron and beer and pork and wet dogs . 
  thanks croatia !, 
  that 's bad history of i have ever seen it . 
  to call them proto nazis is just wrong . 
  hell , without the germans the baltics would probably be still russian . 
  they want to get rid of minimum wage and want to lower taxes for the rich . 
  i was focusing on eu members ( and the su , cause fuck the su ) and except from croatia and slovenia , most of former yugoslavia is n't part of the eu . 
  last time i checked , only poland and the czechs fought the nazis actively . 
  hungary , romania and bulgaria allied with them , slovakia and croatia were happy collaborators and the soviets did n't mind them until they were attacked . 
  that time it was one of your guys who started it and it certainly rustled some jimmies . 
  remove saracens from premise !, 
  gott will es !, 
  1453 , never forgett !, 
  all we want is to be one big switzerland ... prefferably with you guys , the french , the belgians , the luxembourgers , the austrians and basically anybody who is on board with federalisation as a part of it ... 
  another bad word about germanys hat and we schliefen you again ... 
  well , to be honest i feel am rather proud of the first two empires my self but i feel ashamed for its involvement in the herero massacres and the armenian genocide . 
  propably because it does n't affect us that much and because it was condemned by the civilian government of germany back then . 
  the civilian government in berlin was quiet shocked by the actions taken by von trotha and condemned them and petitioned the kaiser to relieve him of his command . 
  kaiser wilhelm soon revoked all orders given by von trotha . 
  to be fair , the german government of the time was shocked by the actions of the military and relieved general von trotha of his command after his actions became known to the public . 
  they changed their entire colonial policy after that and kaiser wilhelm revoked orders giben by the military and colonial administration in sout-west . 
  for comparison , if 40 percent of germans said that they are proud of the achievements of the reich , would you let the argument `` it shows that the majority do n't say it was good nor something to be proud of '' , fly too ? 
  it 's simply too damn much . 
  not a single link , but a friend of mine is a nuclear engineer for vattenfall and we talk a lot about that stuff . 
  additional sources are the reports of the iaea : http://www-ns.iaea.org/committees/insag.asp and i could provide you with some articles about the topic , but i was only able to find german ones . 
  how can something that does n't exist have territories ? 
   it 's not true . 
  yes it is . 
   this information comes from a german newspaper and this incident is exaggerated did n't you just say it is not true at all ? 
  now it is only exaggerated ?
