  2nd anschluss , electric boogaloo . 
  the english . 
  that 's a very one sited view of fraternities . 
  there are different types of fraternities in germany . 
  so called burschenschaften which tend to be on the conservative side of the spectrum , but still onlye a minor part of those are as you state neonazis . 
  then there are corps , which are moderate to centre right most of the time ( there are some left liberals too ) . 
  then there are turnerschaften and s\u00e4ngerschaften , which are more on the artistic and sports spectrum . 
  then there are landsmannschaften . 
  those are usually moderate to conservative . 
  and last but not least there are the catholic fraternities . 
  despite them being afiliated with the catholic church , they do n't require their members to be catholic and are rather apolitical . 
  yes . 
  the whole thing came to bite them when they tried to prosecute german admirals at n\u00fcrnberg for not rescuing shipwrecked sailors anymore and the u.s. files surfaced and showed that the us had in fact known about the whole thing and broke naval law by attacking . 
  hypocrisy 101 , but that fits your profile . 
  so you accept those numbers but not the numbers for the austrian plebiscit ? 
  from when is that article , i can hardly make out anything . 
  historians like gordon brook-shepherd and otmar jung agree that even without the german ultimatum and intervention 80 % of austrians would have voted for unification . 
  even the exiled anti nazi newspaper said that the majority of austrians were in favor of the anschluss . 
   a lot of people in austria the same is true for germany so what 's your point . 
  in fact the austrian resistance movement that tried to get rid of hitler wanted to remain a part of germany . 
   but the germans made him big i could just use your argument and say that the elections in which he won were n't free either since he had already dissolved opposition parties and imprisoned opponents at that point . 
  in free elections hitler only got a third of the votes . 
  that 's why he needed a coalition partner when he was appointed by hindenburg . 
  why not ? 
  austria voluntarily joined germany and austrians were overrepresented in the ss ... 
  i think you are missing the point , they attacked ships who tried to rescue survivers . 
  in wwii the german submarine u156 attacked the british transporter laconia , when the laconia began to sink the submarine surfaced in order to rescue the sailors . 
  when the submarine commander saw that it was pow transport he called for help and two other german submarines came to help in the rescue of the passengers and sailors . 
  they rescued over 400 sailors and passengers . 
  they contacted the british admirality in order to get some help . 
  the us got wind of what was going on and contacted the british admirality , they did n't have objections to the american plan . 
  the usaaf attacked the subs which cost the life of 300 people . 
  from then on the german admirality gave the order that shipwrecked sailors or civilians are n't to be rescued anymore since the americans and british would attack them and it would be too risky for the sub crews . 
  and then there is the open seas blockade in wwi and the shelling of dutch cities . 
  ah okay , but they share a pretty big amount of responsibility . 
  a combination between this liberte , egalite and fraternity stuff the french came up with , greek philosophical empirism , judeo-christian morals \u00a9 and the roman justice system . 
  they copied from us . 
  yes, 
  i honestly do n't see why you should apologize for that specifically . 
  what the uk should apologize for is stuff like the bengal famine or the breach of naval code of honor . 
  i do n't get what you mean by `` austria is n't an issue '' ... 
  the treaty was too harsh to be a acceptable to germany but the entente did n't have the will to enforce it . 
  many people always say that a harsher treaty would have made a difference but when otl entente did n't have the will to enforce it what difference would it make ? 
  yes but it 's bullshit in my opinion . 
  i went through all three forms of school and am studying economics . 
  you can always switch to a higher level if you 're good enough . 
  hauptschule prepares you for an apprenticeship in low skilled jobs ( plumber , waitress , cashier ) realschule or wirtschaftschule prepares you for an apprenticeship in jobs that require skill and a basic understanding of stuff . 
  for example accountatns , financial consultants , mechatroniks , electrians , ... gymnasium prepares you for university . 
  it 's our god damn right !, 
  if i ca n't gross the volga with a tank i should at least have the right to lay my towel on my damn deck chair !!!, 
  i am pissed of and consider some of the opinions like the `` merkel invitation '' utterly idiotic . 
  bankomat is the standard word here ... 
  bankomat works for germany too . 
  at least thats what it is called at my bank . 
  suit would be fine, 
  bismarck , but our neighbors would probably be offended . 
  at least twice a year . 
  last year i was in italy one , in france once , in austria twice and about 8 times in czech republic . 
  except for die hard neonazis nobody wants it back . 
  in my circle of friends we are sometimes making jokes about it but they are pretty sarcastic on the line of french , swabian or dutch jokes . 
  you mean our immigration policy of not letting hungary and greece drown in waves of immigrants ? 
  what i noticed what gets many polish people defensive is the ethnic cleansing of germans from east of the oder after wwii . 
  everybody emediatley says it was only the soviets that did it . 
  i 'm sceptical off it , it allows our government and companies to monitor is even closer . 
  i tend to disagree with that . 
  it looks pretty good in my opinion and has actually a nice symbolism, 
  how so ? 
  it 's a sun cross inside the star circle . 
  i like it . 
  the paneuropa flag could be a nice alternative design but it is already connected to a political side ( conservatism , anti-communism & christian democrats ) . 
  i 've ordered stuff before from france ( ebay and amazon ) . 
  it takes about 4 days . 
  germany : 1 football 2 boxing 3 racing ( formula 1 ) 4 biathlon tied with handball, 
  yes , i feel fairly represented by my government . 
  yes , i think democracy works well in germany . 
  guess who 's back . 
  wien , prague , copenhagen or stra\u00dfbourg for fancyness , fun and feeling . 
  if you want something cheaper : kalovy vary , krakow , salzburg , den hag , verona , luxemburg . 
  those are my recommentations . 
  i am not aware that something like this exists . 
  you should either look for an american website or if you know from what region your ancestors where and which religion they had you could either contact the ekd or the kkd . 
  they have the best records . 
  yes . 
  there was a jean d'arc movie many years ad on german tv . 
  if i remember correctly , it was a big success back then . 
  the same goes for a series for napoleon that was done by arte , zdf and a french broadcaster . 
  i love it . 
  a dog that has been hit , barks . 
  i like the poles too . 
  just not their webtrolls . 
  ca n't hear you over my 1.8 % unemployment , annual debt reduction , highest purchasing power , best education system and working airport ... 
  because the population of berlin is a bunch of hippies that do n't give a fuck about their incompetent city administration and when bavarians or hessians say something , it is southern arrogance . 
  to put it into perspective , a former mayor of berlin once called his city `` poor but sexy '' . 
  true . 
  if i remember correctly , `` experts '' have been anticipating israel bombing iran for over 6 years now . 
  http://www.offiziere.ch it 's among the coverage about the last munich conference . 
  bj\u00f6rn m\u00fcller , who works for a berlin think tank and writes for offiziere.ch . 
  masters degree in conflict resolution from georgetown university . 
  both have excellent blogs and write guest contributions for the nyt and spiegel . 
  palestinian terrorists have committed multiple attacks against germany and have cooperated with german communists and neo-nazis .
