  another survivor claims people were forced to lie on top of each other forming a huge pyramid , until those at the bottom were crushed . 
  there actually was a public movement in munich some years ago to ban burqas . 
  it was opposed by shopkeepers and business representatives since most of the people wearing burqas in munich are the wifes of rich sheiks . 
  have you ever heard putin speaking german ? 
  his voice is suddenly soft and melodic like he is a girl . 
  really puts me off . 
  sweden and norway can use hydroelectric energy more efficiently so they already have a big advantage . 
  libya . 
  build a city and send 3000 soldiers to protect it . 
  the rest is frontex job . 
  germanophobia at its best, 
  no , that 's florida . 
  did n't you help us gas the jews ? 
  due to it 's long history with the austro-hungarian empire and the hre the was a lot of cultural exchange . 
  bad journalism at its finest . 
  the same here . 
  in my last years at school , protestant class was pretty cool actually . 
  our teacher was a priest who did n't like the organization he was working for . 
  we discussed how christianity is a fusion greek philosophy , jewish monotheism and roman mysticism , how old germanic and celtic temples were turned into churches and how heathen rituals were adapted by christianity . 
  we talked about hinduism , buddhism , judaism , sunni islam and a classmate who was an alewite had an hour to present her faith . 
  we talked about marxism , nihilism and agnostics . 
  ca n't be worse than blutwurz, 
  pride maybe ? 
  is n't it the same with most governments ? 
  ambassador : you 're sure you can handle that ? 
  diplomat : yes , yes . 
  no problems ... ( shit hits the fan ) diplomat : actually we could use some help . 
   and prussia can easily be called the first proto-fascist state in europe with its militant attitude , requirement for full support of the state at all times , the propaganda fed to kids since the early age through public school system , and so on . 
  and off course the absolute power and heavy reliance on the leader . 
  there 's been a good post on ask historians , i will try to find it . 
  the stereotype of `` unique proto fascist prussian militarism '' has been debunked a number of times . 
  if you compare prussia percentage of population under arms with france and russia , prussia outscores russia but france is the historically most militarist nation in europe . 
  and the heavy reliance on a strong leader is more true for russia than for prussia too . 
   the only thing that hitler really added were then-popular eugenic theories . 
  that 's extreme historic revisionism and pretty insulting for anybody who actually studied prussian history and the history of nazism . 
  well , yes an no . 
  the hatred for poles was a combination of the old prussian policie on poles ( forced assimilation , forced resettlements , banning of language ) but went further . 
  prussia did n't want to exterminate them as a race . 
  they just oppressed them like russia or austria . 
  what the nazis did , was to adopt eugenic racial theories , social darwinism , classical fascism and the as i noted before the german version of manifest destiny . 
  you are aware that i am just countertrolling a troll ... 
  but we are just following orders . 
  this time from d.c. 
   . as for some articles in the internet that might , dw is one of the most submitted news sources in this sub and a quality source . 
  but here : http://www.unhcr-centraleurope.org/en/news/2015/ukrainians-rejected-at-home-but-poland-says-they-are-not-refugees.html http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/31/world/europe/ukrainian-migrants-fleeing-conflict-get-a-cool-reception-in-europe.html?_r=0, 
  http://www.dw.com/en/szydlo-exaggerated-on-refugees-from-ukraine-in-poland/a-19080717 https://www.euractiv.com/section/europe-s-east/news/ukraine-rejects-polish-million-refugees-claim/ do you want to know more ? 
   `` a war of extermination will continue to be waged between the two races until the indian race becomes extinct . '', 
  - california governor peter h. burnett , january 1851 and :  in addition to disease , in 1853 , under the leadership of gov. 
  bigler , several municipalities [ 12 ] within the state of california ordered all non-european people of california - including the maidu - exterminated in return for a $ 5.00 [ 13 ] [ 14 ] ( $ 134.95 in 2010 us$ ) [ 15 ] cash bounty for each verified male killed and a lesser cash bounty for a dead woman or child . 
  in addition to the municipal bounty system , through funding numerous militia attacks on the native people , the resulting debt became known as the `` california war debt '' or `` army appropriations bill '' . 
  [ 16 ] in 1854 - though not entirely clear why [ 17 ] [ 18 ] - secretary of war jefferson davis wrote california that their ` war ' expenditures could not be authorized without the original bills of sale to verify the purpose was one intended by congress . 
  [ 19 ] [ 20 ] the bill of sale for the bounty was the head . 
  california was reimbursed $ 924,259.65 ( $ 23.4 m 2010us ) by the united states federal government and again reimbursed $ 229,981.67 in 1861 for the intervening years . 
  [ 21 ] sometimes children could be sold for more than the per claim amount allowed . 
  to maximize profits , during ` hunts ' they tried to only kill children that were not old enough to work . 
  the older children were instead enslaved [ 22 ] as provided by the act of 1850 for the government and protection of indians . 
  [ 23 ] assuming the $ 1.2 m the state of california claimed in expenses for the ` war ' was used entirely for $ 5 bounties , then this represents the death of 240,000 california natives ; during that same time period the native population declined from 250,000 to less than 50,000 , a comparable amount . 
  literally the inspiration for generalplan ost and even more efficient than what the ss came up with . 
  thank you for your service o7 o7 o7, 
  i hear that myth a lot but the actual numbers of ukrainians who are in poland under asylum laws is not more than a hundret . 
  there are hundret thousands of ukrainian in poland under work visas , but that is nothing special and benefits you more than them and germany could very well pull the same card since it has actually more ukrainians under the same work visa laws than poland . 
  yes it did . 
  where did you think hitler got all the crazy ideas for lebensraum ? 
  ever heard of manifest destiny ? 
  he even says so in mein kampf . 
  `` the east is to become our west , our frontier !, 
  to settle eastern europe and deal with the natives is to become our manifest destiny ! '', 
  hitler and himmler were huge fans of the us racial laws and saw the indian wars as their inspiration for the wars against the soviet union and poland . 
  the same holds true for a pure uk vs. russia conflict . 
  this would be a pure naval and aerial conflict since they do n't share a border . 
  russias only conventional advantage , its army is of no use there . 
  the russian navy is going to be on the bottom of the atlantic before you can say `` another cup of tea m8 ? '' . 
  and the russian airfroce against the royal airfocre looks like a hard fight due to the numbers russia can bring to the table , but does n't look so impressive when effectively only 500 planes are operational and of those , more than half are outdated . 
  so it is 350 modern russian fighter against 150 modern british fighter jets . 
  sure the russians can drown them with superior numbers but it is going to be costly and will cost them a good part of their offensive capabilities . 
  now if they try to attack britain directly they are going to face an even bigger problem than the luftwaffe did 70 years ago . 
  modern western aa system can effectively repell as many waves of enemy enemy planes as they have missiles and bullets . 
  and the assumption that there is going to be a war between only russia and britain is laughable at best . 
  the russian navy is badly outdated though with most of their ships being from the 80s and 70s . 
  the russian air force too mainly consists of soviet stock with the few hundred modern fighters not being a match to the ef typhoon or the f22 . 
  let 's be honest . 
  80 % of the russian armed forces are conscripts that use outdated equipment from the 70s and who ( in case of a conventional war against nato ) would be outnumbered , outgunned and would bleed to death like the russian armed forces in ww1 . 
  probably till the outskirts of warsaw ( and only if it is a surprise attack and they have the cooperation of belarus and managed to neutralize ukraine ) . 
  close enough : - /, 
  only if they were black ( not kidding ) . 
  if the iran sanctions could n't stop them those half assed sanctions against russia wo n't either . 
  trust me my friend , [ we have learned ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiahobjlr0m ), 
  that 's what a joint missile costs , 
   brigadier general michael gschossmann 5th best name for an officer or nco that i have ever seen . 
  number one is still unteroffizier b\u00f6se and number two is feldwebel biest . 
  where do you think games workshop got the idea for the deathkorps from ? 
  i lay down my towel and then proceed to fortify the area around it . 
  i like to pretend i am winnetoo :(, 
  multiple indicators . 
  first , syria got so bad due to saudi and western support for radical militias . 
  one of the main bases for this support was a cia arms smuggling operation in libya . 
  on the other hand ghadaffi intentionally prepared the country to burn after it was clear he had lost . 
  i 'm sorry , but italy was one of the biggest supporters of intervention in libya . 
  i still have the spiegel edition where some italian general boasts about italies central role in the operation . 
  while i agree that the first 3 month were the best , i did fwd for 12 months and while there were some times periods of extreme boredom and proceedings of stupidity , they were rather rare .
