  have you seen and heard what bs their media has said over the last two years ? 
  they wonder why the baltics do n't like them and at the same time think that they should bow down to russian hegemony . 
  i think it has more to do with paranoia over south tyrole . 
  when the fp\u00d6 became part of a austrian government for the first time , the italian government condemned any pan germanist leanings there . 
  russians are bitter that they do n't have the soviet empire anymore and think that letting the gdr go was a mistake . 
  i do n't know why italians have that opinion , but a former italian prime minister once said that germany demanding reunification is like hitler wanting the sudetenland . 
  katyn comes to mind . 
  they blamed the nazis until the early 2000s, 
  look more closely . 
  it says europ\u00e4ische union on there too . 
  and since the eu = 4th reich , you 've been angeschlossen again . 
  and then there is this : https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsche, 
  that 's something i hear very often from italians and russians . 
  but you are ... 
  this guy already served his sentence in a state that was nearly as bad as the nazis . 
  i 'm all for justice regardless of the age and time that has passed , but we should n't punish people that already have been punished . 
  it would be interesting to see what happens if he is declared innocent . 
  germany is one of the handful of countries that can fairly claim not to be responsible for the shit that is the middle east . 
  we did n't participate in irak and libya , were against supporting syrian rebels and tried to avoid conflicts in the region . 
  she insulted austria ( my country ) because of the refugees politics . 
  did n't your government do the same with hungary ? 
  pot calling the kettle black ? 
  shit you are right . 
  amored cavallary has to count , right ? 
  germany has usually been among the top 3 in tank competitions in the last 5 decades . 
  and this time the team was made up of ~ ~ reservists ~ ~ the excellent soldiers of the 104th . 
  edit : fat fingers ... 
  why is this getting downvoted ? 
  to quote the famous painter and part time politician adolf h. : `` you understood nothing of what i want ! '', 
  and then there is us bavarians where everyone from a green leftist to actual neonazis votes csu , because that 's what we always do . 
  those votes contributed to merkel too . 
  definitely . 
  has a lot to do with media coverage too . 
  uh , greece alone received 110 billion euros in aid from other eu countries ( 2013 number ) . 
  and it 's not like were n't hit by the crisis too . 
  i honestly do n't know anyone ( okay except this one asshole who is an anti-semite ) who really dislikes israel . 
  most people i know have visiting israel as one of their top travel priorities . 
  i myself find the biased coverage against israeli policies in the german media a bit insulting/annoying and i am sure there are people who but in to it . 
  actually the parents can get deported . 
  that 's done fairly often and has let to some outcry in the international media . 
  bosnia , croatia and albania were declared stable in 2002 or something like that . 
  that 's less than 10 years after the war . 
  i think we can expect something similar for syria , especially if assad wins by 2018 and the u.s. stops destabilizing the country by supporting rebels . 
  he answered your question and gave the necessary background . 
  if you do n't want your questions answered , do n't bother commenting here . 
  as of right now germany is home to about more than a quarter million ukrainians . 
  we have a shit ton of italians and spanish too and do n't get me started on the poles . 
  i ca n't even match the people on the city council except those whom i have voted for . 
  calling merkel a dictator is like calling wilhelm alexander and absolutist autocrat/obressor . 
  i am sure you would take offense at that too . 
  huh ? 
  i think you do n't know what dictatorship means . 
  merkel is a democratically elected politician that respects the democratic process more than most politicians . 
  the more i hear idiots like you the more i appreciate my countrymen . 
  doubtful , seehofer does n't need the cdu and merkel since he draws his support from the csu and bavaria . 
  the only thing that is keeping him back are his federal ambitions . 
  so , less than the sanctions against russia or the refugee crisis . 
  i have to admit that i am surprised how little that is . 
  it 's about fucking time !, 
  european commission : every countries government send a commissar , who is then responsible for a certain field of expertise ( like a ministry ) . 
  the commissars form the commission which is something like the government of the eu , its president is juncker . 
  the european parliament is the only directly elected organ of the eu and has to approve laws/trade deals and other shit that comes out of the commission or council . 
  its head is martin schulz . 
  the council of the eu is where the ministers and governments of the eu meat to get shit done . 
  no clue what the european council is . 
  your expats do n't help when they tell stories of home that seem to be out of a noir film . 
  care to explain why you wo n't vote csu ? 
  if you want to support merkel , vote csu . 
  if you want to strengthen the right wing inside the government , vote csu . 
  remember , [ this ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-kwphany5oeq/ugy1afhoa6i/aaaaaaaawq0/s6gark-kcqs/s1600/putin.jpg ) is not gay comrade !, 
  screw those lasers . 
  what you want is the rheinmetal hel-system in combination with classical patriots and the new mantis system . 
  to be fair , your government deserved a little bashing and their outrage was hypocritical , since orban himself uses the nazi card more than enough against german politicians . 
  it actually is federalization , u/jamieusa is right . 
  but we never should have let countries like greece or poland join in the first place . 
  oh , i 've been to croatia too , it 's fucking awesome . 
  but they have ridiculous high unemployment numbers , fast growing public debt and their economy is dependent on tourism . 
  well , while i personally have a high opinion of slovakia , most people i know think they are like romania which is n't really true . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  while there might be a slight stigma among older people against certain ee countries , the young and middle aged people do n't have a general opinion about ee . 
  the baltic nations , slovenia and czech republic for example have an excellent reputation and are considered as advanced as germany , france or austria and even better than places like greece . 
  countries like poland and hungary though , where the government has wasted potential and is trying to have the cake while eating it , have generated most of the bad reputation them selves . 
  romania and bulgaria on the other hand are respected but looked upon with a bit of concern dye to fears that they might not succeed . 
  corruption , economic turmoil and shitty neighbors have made their future `` interesting '' . 
  and then there are places like croatia which are considered as shining examples like the baltics , but in reality are doing extremely bad . 
  hell , germany has more ukrainians than poland , so that argument does n't even work . 
  you are just cold hearted . 
  russia one of the least densely populated countries with a population of roughly germany + austria + netherlands . 
  china on the other hands has more people than the entire continent of europe and has been a stabilizing force in the world . 
  my sympathies are clear . 
  eh , i like it and it is really calming and all that . 
  but some uber sense of `` gods own country '' like americans or russians ? 
  not really . 
  it 's more of a reminder that we 're a group of people who looks out for each other and shares a culture . 
  hofer and fp\u00d6 have expressed pan-german ideas on multiple occasions, 
  fucking polacks !, 
  well , actually he is the first president of the commission that has an electorate . 
  but there is already an eea today in which norway and switzerland are part off . 
  and there are some member countries that are happy with the level of integration we have currently ( croatia and the baltics ) . 
  if spain and portugal are in for a full confederation ( common foreign policy , common military command and equipment , common minister of finaces ) i am more than happy about that , i simply listed the founding members .
