  rampage is shooting people for sake of shooting people . 
  because nsfw and nsfl videos on pr0gramm can only watched with an account and get removed if they are posted in the sfw area . 
  you are aware that people ca n't watch nsfw and nsfl on pr0gramm if they do n't have an account ? 
  is there any relationship to the origins of pest as a name for the black death ? 
  i 've read the article and what they propose is making the eu less democratic , liberalizing the internal market and `` making it more competitive '' while not addressing that `` 350 b to the eu '' was a major reason for brexit . 
  coming from an irish i had to think of a pot full of gold . 
  i was surprised how much shit scheuer got for calling him out on his bs . 
  let me guess , is it `` give us more money and influence and take away control from evil undemocratic ep !, 
  does n't cz already have all that ? 
  a completely digital currency leaves the privat person at the mercy of banks and the government . 
  assume your bank adopts a negative interest rate . 
  what are you going to do ? 
  was decently made . 
  they could have left out some subplots and focused more on others like that of the jewish guy or the polish girl that helped escape him it 's above average i would say . 
  the case is pretty stupid and there is zero nazi apologism in the series . 
  the protagonists execute children and women or betray a jewish ukrainian to the ss . 
  if you call that apologism i do n't know how else they could have made a drama series . 
  what the veterans do n't like is that some parts of the polish resistance are portrayed as antisemitic . 
  they are n't compared to the germans or dehumanized , it is simply a scene where they ambush a train in order to capture supplies and when the find out that it 's full of jews they just walk away instead of freeing them . 
  at least we are famous for something . 
  one of the fears of german reunification was that the new unified germany would dominate europe . 
  to prevent this the french and the belgians demanded further european integration in the form of a common currency . 
  this currency was supposed to slow german economic growth and give the other european nations some control over the german economy . 
  considering that the euro never was about saving money , but about being more competitive while at the same time having controle over the german economy it worked quite well . 
  prior to the crisis spain was one of the fastest growing economies in the world and the economy was doing well . 
  the problem was n't with the euro but with the investment bubble that was created by copying anglo saxon banking techniques . 
  the same happened in germany and italy . 
  if their books had actually showen reality , yes . 
  does n't change the truth in my original statement . 
  so far the european nato members have proven that they would honor article 5 and send their soldiers to die on the other side of the world . 
  with trump making such statements it is up to the u.s. to prove the same . 
  last time i checked the 2 % were n't an obligation . 
  there is a difference between an obligation and a recommendation . 
  the 2 % is n't a obligation . 
  it 's a recommendation by nato . 
  it 's what i call a joke you bubblehead . 
  the only nato obligation is to back another up if one activates article 5 . 
  the only nation that has ever used that article was the u.s. and the european allies honored their obligations . 
  i would claim that most european nations have fulfilled their obligations more than the u.s. 
  article 5 was only activated once in the history of nato and that was by the u.s. european nato members answered and send thousand of their soldiers to `` defend '' the us . 
  so i am going to expect the same from the u.s. 
  yes the eu is doing ethnic cleansing and massacring protesters in the streets . 
  well at least it is n't national socialist australia with it 's extermination camps right ? 
  well , greece spends extreme amounts on its military . 
  by federalizing it they could save billions . 
  last two times doing what austrians wanted turned out badly for us and everyone else . 
  fools , do they want to give even more medals to the poles ??? 
  only teutonic knights and magyars can stop them !, 
  okay , thanks . 
  http://www.wiete-strafrecht.de/user/darstellung/stgb/32%20stgb.html okay , according to crimminal code you are allowed to use potentially lethal force if you warn the attacker that you will , if the situation allows it . 
  really ? 
  i mean as a civilian not as a cop . 
  i learned that self defence should be alway proportional . 
  `` poland knew what provoking russia means and got what they deserved with their utter stupidity '' that 's what you sound like , just saying . 
  i do n't want a united states of europe , i want a european confederation . 
  in order to face the rising security threats and to counter the economic and geopolitical realities we need to stick together and care for each other . 
  cause nobody else will . 
  are you a lawyer or are you talking out of your ass ? 
  for an in depth analysis of german self defense law you better as u/krautcop . 
  considering that a certain visegrad country ( cough hungary cough ) is the reason why germany let those immigrants enter in the first place this is pretty high speaking as a group . 
  i an mit so sure of that . 
  with it 's current government i would n't attest hungarians much cleverness . 
  probably because it would n't sell well in poland . 
  i know a certain militaria shop that sells all kinds of funny stuff . 
  since it was not exclusively used by al quaida and is a popular religious symbol in the arab world you just need to find some conservatives muslim `` merchandise '' shop . 
  and it was in frankfurt where i saw it . 
  but i am pretty sure that it would be possible in berlin , paris and london too . 
  but who buys such stuff in shops when you have the internet ? 
  i retract my statement . 
  i confused the flag of is with the schah\u0101d banner which has been used by al quaida in the past . 
  you can do this with every radical symbol . 
  you could order your self a ss uniform and a swastika flag right now if you wanted . 
  you can easily order one over the internet or get one in various arab shops in large cities like paris or berlin . 
  halt , stopp !, 
  too much information . 
  and the basis on which the remain argument was built has been destroyed . 
  the promises of remaining in the eu have been broken . 
  this should be enough reason for another independence referendum . 
  i think there are a bit more ( i 've seen at least five of us ) , but people who are active inside the party are few . 
  i 'm a registered member take a look at r/cdu _ csu . 
  it 's very lonely :(, 
  just out of curiosity , did you convert sas bingo into a checklist or how do you decide on what to comment ? 
  you your self said `` both world wars '' , i just disproved the fact . 
  and for wwi it was necessary as the only means to fight a open seas blockade which was a war crime violating numerous naval treaties on part of the british . 
  as was the open seas blockade in wwi . 
  and since the allies did n't consider usw a war crime at n\u00fcrmberg , you 're factually wrong . 
  actually it was common practice to give civilian crews time to evacuate before sinking a ship . 
  this changed later in the war due to the british handing out weapons to civilian ships or civilians trying to ram the submarines . 
  considering that erdogan has actively resisted or ignored orders by turkish courts and the internal executive forces are loyal to him to an extent that they will ignore the rights of turkish citizens . 
  yes . 
  article 20 paragraph 4 of the german constitution allows every citizen to if necessary act against the government if it tries to replace the state of rights or the liberalistic democratic order . 
  and i assume you have n't served in the german military , because i was taught that if there ever again was a government that tries to dissolve the rule of rights in germany that we would be expected to oppose it . 
  actually the nazis butchered the welfare system , but the rest is kind of correct . 
  i would support it . 
  string him up like mussolini . 
  yeah , would have expected it more of an englishman . 
  cultural generalization is bullshit . 
  so am i and i support the military coup . 
  do n't generalize because of assheads like whereworm . 
  not necessarily , no .
