  they want to tighten the asylum laws and declare most north african states save countries . 
  and some other stuff like copying australias model . 
  i am still waiting for the dutch to give us lebensraum, 
  france , germany ( we even have the biggest japanese community in europe ) or the netherlands then ? 
  for old times sake ? 
  are we talking about the same britain that blockaded neutral countries , shelled dutch harbors , violated the neutrality of greece and ignored dozens of agreements before and during the war ? 
   the fact that it was the germans who pressured austria into taking a hard stance what now ? 
  we could say the same about france and russia supporting serbia to not accept the demands or better serbia for being the taliban of the 1910s . 
  weber ? 
  considering that der spiegel never provided a source , i think they just believed in bullshit rumors, 
  nope , slovak salami . 
  well , we had help from the slovaks . 
  we will see about that . 
   and neither is `` flinten-uschi '' von der leyen . 
  just to make that clear . 
  i would n't even think of that . 
  holly hell , i would support even gabriel before her . 
  uhm , are n't we already friends ? 
  but if you do n't mind , how about you swap places with the uk ? 
  i say wee ned to take a risk . 
  how about de maiziere or seehofer ? 
  you think we did n't already try that ? 
  and we should pay extra reperations because they were a communist soviet puppet despite our selfs being communist soviet puppets during the time ? 
  i do n't get what he wants ? 
   poles were presented as core anti-semitists and german army saved jews from them . 
  wait what ? 
  that was n't in the series . 
  what was in there was a scene were the polish resistance ambushed a german train expecting to capture supplies and then when finding out that it is full of jews , they end up deciding to just leave them . 
  while this is certainly bad and should n't have been in there it is n't nearly as close as to what you describe . 
  the main protagonists in the series shoot polish and ukrainian civilians and rat out jews to the ss for christs sake . 
  what has that to do with my original post ? 
  it was n't stalin ? 
  with that logic you could blame the previous polish governments for that too because they refused to ally with hitler . 
  huh ? 
  how do you get this idea ? 
  well , technically he is correct and everbody knows that is the best kind of correct . 
  that 's because it is flecktarn with a shlightly different color scheme . 
  they added grey , left out some brown and green . 
  you still got 15 % of the reperations payed to the soviet union . 
   in 1918 there were no poland actually there was congress poland which was designed to become the kingdom of poland by the central powers . 
  and there was the ukrainian national republic which existed from 1917 to 1920 . 
  has slovakia payed reperations ? 
  germany actually payed reperations in accordance with the allied treaties . 
  poland was officially assigned the ethnically cleansed territories east of the oder and got 15 % of all payments germany had to pay to the soviet union . 
  in the treaties between the allied powers it was agreed that each power is responsible for extracting reperations from their occupation zones . 
  of the reperations that were payed to the soviet union , about 15 % was officially designated as payment for the reperations owned to poland . 
  they should complain to the russians since they were responsible for giving that shit to them . 
  give me a mercedes wolf and a helmet and i am going to drive 100 on that road . 
  and the spd would have made an even bigger fuck up in her position . 
  but why ? 
  repertierb\u00fcchsen for everyone !, 
  still not as cool as bonnland . 
  how about austrian gun laws ? 
  i like those . 
   just like germans do n't want our gun laws we also do n't their gun laws . 
  i actually want your gun laws ... 
  hell , no . 
  [ this is the way to go !, 
  the new camo the bundeswehr is currently testing . 
   pencott badlands dafuq is this ? 
  google gives me something that looks like a digital pattern had a group orgy with flecktarn b , woodland and the latvian digital camo ... 
  or france will simply aquire a license to produce the stuff them selfs . 
  that 's how iran has been producing mg3 and g3 for over 40 years . 
  it is n't overrated but overhyped . 
  it is one of the best rifles on the market but it is pretty expensive too . 
  for a richt country with a small military this is okay , but for a big standing army like the french army , this is an interesting joice . 
  if they aquire the license , sure . 
  hk is always pretty liberal when it comes to selling production licenses ( look at turkey , iran , saudi arabia and pakistan ) . 
  yes , but the price is a lot higher . 
   pencott greenzone . 
  heresy . 
  there is nothing better than flecktarn 3 farb and flecktarn b, 
  exactly . 
  i hate von der leyen so much for that decision . 
  she wanted to appear strong and prove that a woman without military experience can be a defense minister , but instead she has proven the opposite . 
   i 'm thinking the lmg version might show the problem pretty quickly . 
  there is n't an lmg version ( in use ) though . 
  lmg36 was never adopted because it was too expensive compared to the good old mg3 and now the mg4 and 5 . 
  sadly our current idiot of a minister has already made the decision . 
  interestingly enough she said that the replacement rifle will have the same configuration as the one the french will pick . 
  so it might even be the hk416 . 
  at this point i am listening to the reports commissioned by other countries . 
  the lithuanian , latvian and spanish armed forces all did their own tests and did n't find the problems the german mod found . 
  considering that hk is currently winning the lawsuit and that the lithuanian mod found out that von der leyens study was designed for an lmg , i can only say that i am more than pissed at our minister . 
   416s are ar derivatives how is that defined though ? 
  they are closer to a g36 than to the standart ar rifles . 
  ca n't wait for common camo pattern ... 
  a study by the lithuanian army showed that the study done by the german ministry of defence was bullshit because it handled the g36 like an lmg instead of an assault rifle . 
  http://www.thefirearmblog.com/blog/2016/03/30/lithuania-resumes-buying-g36s-finds-no-flaw-guns/ http://www.thefirearmblog.com/blog/2015/10/14/hk-vindicated-no-problems-found-with-g36/ http://www.thefirearmblog.com/blog/2016/06/05/277601/, 
  [ no , i am not . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/80lt4ik.png ) [ you should know that anglo-wiki is n't everybodies first choice ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/hk416#verwendung ), 
  they are part of schengen , that 's my point . 
  but they neighbor non-schengen countries and therefor they should protect their border to them . 
   it is why most special forces use it ? 
  according to wikipedia only 10 countries use it . 
  the ak 101 is used by more countries , does that mean it is superior ??? 
   only regular army that uses it currently is norwegian because of the price . 
  that 's my point . 
  it is a good rifle but way too expensive and you could buy a modified g36a3 for the same money . 
  an article that only exists in english and hebrew ... that was edited fairly recently ... yeah sure ... seems legit .
