  there is a difference betwen enabling someone and providing him with oil , weather charts , basing rights and intelligence on allied troop movements . 
   do they share responsibility for starting wwii ? 
  it is actually quite certain that they do . 
  hitler , the nsdap leadership and the okw were paranoid about a two front war . 
  so without the m-r-pact germany would have waited . 
  and it should be noted that the soviet union provided germany with ressources it needed to fight the war . 
  without the m-r pact germany could n't have fougth the war like it did in otl . 
  i like the idea . 
  every time another country has to organize , fund and do the opening ceremony . 
  this is a pretty good idea ... 
  you do n't say ... that 's kinda the intention . 
  after reading through the comments in that sub , i came to the conclusion that most of those people should actually be shot by einsatzgruppen in order to prevent them from reproducing ... 
  actually the u.s. 
  invested more in britain than in germany post war . 
  blame the french . 
  yeah , steinmeier is an idiot in this regard , but as long as gabriel does n't share the same views there is nothing to worry about . 
  we have an army battalion and a wing of eurofighters in the baltics , i think that 's enough deterrence . 
  ( we could station nukes there but that could lead to a second cuban missile crisis ), 
  i actually know a joke from my slightly racist neighbor which would make am awesome poland ball comic . 
  how do you know that the poles were in space ? 
  cause you ca n't find the big plough ( in german it is wagen , the same word for car ) anymore, 
  well , it does n't help that the cities on the border to poland still have the highest crime rate in germany which can be traced back on russians , lithuanians and poles . 
  is it danish gr\u00fctze ? 
  cause if it is the dutch stuff i will gladly refuse . . ,, 
  the dutch armed forces are already the most integrated into their neighbors . 
  your paratroopers and your tank keeps are part of german army command , your navy commands a part of the german navy and is integrated into the benelux command and your airforce is currently trying to integrate with the french . 
  i would be quite happy with france doing the job . 
  the only thing that i am afraid of in such a scenario is that the french have a poor understanding of federalism and decentralization . 
  bavaria ( cough ) here , the german empire was certainly a federation or even less , a confederation , for the states that were n't directly swallowed by prussia . 
  the north remembers !, 
  current jacobit pretender is the head of house wittelsbach . 
  he is even more german than elizabeth, 
  well , usually i would say that you should n't worry because seehofer wo n't run for another term . 
  but as a csu member i am worried myself because i know who the party considers as possible successors . 
  god have mercy with us ... 
  good that there are no federal elections next year, 
  but he is elected . 
  people who use that saying like you did , obviously did n't understand what clausewitz meant when he wrote that . 
  neither france nor germany have any special opt outs and they are far more important than the uk . 
  for all i care we should treat them like turkey . 
  yes , i am german and i would rather invade belgium than be ruled by a sachsen-coburg und gotha . 
  treacherous leaches !, 
   i quite like elizabeth ii personally . 
  plus , if the uk is out she 'd be neutral . 
  hell no . 
  we had a bunch of spanish kings who were holy roman emperors , so i am fine with that . 
  a habsburg ( karl for example ) could be nice too ... 
  worked pretty good for spain . 
  i actually like your king a lot . 
  let 's crown him emperor of the eu . 
  the ceremony should be in rome and we should ask the pope to do it , to make it more holy . . ,, 
  somehow this reminds me of the german political landscape at the end of wwi . 
  leaderless and in chaos . 
  at the end of the day we send some easily sacrificial bureaucrats to receive the dictate . 
  well , depending on who will be trumps running mate , they have as many shots as they have ammunition / s, 
  i actually feel sorry for the guy . 
  he is such a low key politician that i was n't even aware of his existence despite actually having met him several times . 
  now the international press is using him to get at merkel ( his boss ) which will lead to him getting a shit storm of lecturing and demotions by the party leadership ... 
  many went to other western counries ( canada , us , uk , etc. . . ) , others returned to bosnia-herzegovina , croatia and slovenia . 
  do you want an anschluss ? 
  cause that 's how you get an anschluss ... 
  or the weapons the cia had delivered to syrian tribal leaders and opposition forces on obamas orders . 
  german language original : http://www.spiegel.de/media/media-39397.pdf translation of the main points below : the european council of the heads of state and government has declred itself the main deciding organ of the eu but has at the same time become paralyzed and incapable of acting . 
  the discussion about reforms should not happen at inter-governmental conferences , but in the openness of the european parliament and the national parliament . 
  1 europe must concentrate on the essentials some problems like environmental dangers can be best solved on an international level , but others are better handled on a national or local level . 
  the eu should clearly delineate where the different competences are . 
  so people will know whom to address with what type of problems . 
  it will also become more visible which governmental level ( regional , national , eu ) is responsible for good or bad governance . 
  2 europe must become more democratic and more comprehensive in 2015 , european voters could decide between different eu-wide top candidates for the presidency of the eu-commission . 
  in the future , the commission should become a true executive government , fully responsible to the eu-parliament and a second , member state-based chamber . 
  the eu-citizens should be able to vote an unpopular commission out and replace it with another . 
  3 europe must fight against social divergence and inequality the wealth inequality between states as well as ( inside the states ) between social classes is growing , especially to the detriment of the young , the unemployed and the working poor . 
  to counter this , + the eu should create a more flexible growth and stability program that prevents states from taking on too much debt , but give more scope for member-specific growth policy . 
  [ anti-cyclical keynesianism , investing and supporting endangered workers during recessions , reducing debt in good times . ], 
  + the eu should promote an \u201e economic schengen `` as growth program based on it . 
  trans-border commerce should be possible even for small and medium sellers with unique regional offers . 
  for this , an improved digital infrastructure is needed , with faster and safer connections . 
  an eu-wide gigybyte network especially reaching the poorer regions should become the next big project . 
  + the eu should create laws that safeguard the social standards of digital workers in home offices as well as protect the data of the users . 
  + the eu should learn the lesson from the financial crisis that a modern and competitive manufacturing industry is indispensable . 
  policy should enable members to create 20 percent of their gdp by industrial labour . 
  4 europe must speak with one voice internationally the eu should become a stronger force for peace and order , and to achieve that , the foreign policy should be more coordinated . 
  5 europe must become more just europe loses legitimacy when workers and small businesses have to pay theit taxes every month while speculatiors can hide their billions in tax havens . 
  when banks are save with billions and common people have to do without , europe seems deeply unjust . 
  the eu should combat tax evasion and tax loopholes 6 europe must adjust its ressources better the eu must invest more money in education , research and universities , in ecological energy and a better industrial policy . 
  for this , the taxation of businesses must be more efficient and fairer . 
  7 europe must become safer to combat terrorism , the cooperation between national police and security agencies must be improved . 
  the same time , an eu-level security infrastrucdture should be created , leading to an european \u201e fbi `` . 
  8 europe must create a common immigration policy there should be common asylum seeker laws and a coordinated policy for the acceptance of refugees and immigrants . ``, 
  you are actually mostly right . 
  i was confused by something different . 
  i did n't read the english wiki , but in the german article it was worded very unfortunate . 
  vw parted the motor manufacturing industries from rolls royce and gave them to bentley , which in turn is a daugther of the vw group . 
  he has ? 
  did n't know he mad this much at the stock/ressource market ... shit . 
  well , he will be without a job ( mep ) soon , so he is trying to save his skin in order to find a new one ... 
  hey , after all bmw managed to revive the mini . 
  fun fact : most british car makers are n't british anymore . 
  bentley is owned by vw mini and rolls royce are owned by bmw aston martin is owned by toyota and some arab sheiks jaguar and land rover are owned by tata motors ( indian ), 
  no , the car part is owned by bmw .
