  has somebody a more credible source ? 
  else i call bullshit . 
  both . 
  edit : are you using kyrilig alphabet ? 
  thath 's cause it 's a shit country . 
  yes, 
  considering that both germany and czechia are both part of schengen and both have agreements which allow police and emergency services to operate within 40 kilometers of each others border i do n't see any problems . 
  relations are rather good and people would need to be idiots to make an affair out of this . 
  i am just saying that the stretch of the border where this is is defined as the course of the river and that according to the treaty that defines that border , it will only have to be renegotiated if lare areas would change . 
  500 square meters in a large enough are for that , i would say . 
  thus according to treaty , czechia already recognised it unless they voice objections . 
  the treaty defines the border on this section as the course of the river and only when larger changes occur it will have to be renegotiated . 
  so the kind of allready recognised it ... 
   czechoslovakia triggered . 
  bohemia and moravia will be annexed , slovakia will be left alone . 
  as is tradition ... 
  no isis connection , he told her that he was in love with her and she told him to fuck off . 
  he went bonkers and took a d\u00f6ner-knife to kill her and went on an rampage . 
  son of the owner of the d\u00f6ner shop stopped him with a bmw . 
  there have been multiple attempts to reintroduce it , i am sure some day we will get it back . 
   by that logic , how would 2 policemen resolve their argument ? 
  there are many documented cases were policemen or soldiers used their service weapons to commit a crime . 
   what about 2 carpenters ? 
  ( wood-saw might help ) have you seen a carpenters hammer or a carpenters knife ? 
  the later is basically a machete . 
  40,7 k with a good and healthy population growth . 
  the concert was in the bigger area , the reitbahn . 
  the explosion was after the passage were pointed the dot ( maybe a bit more west like 2 meters ) beneath the green and been there is a passage which is the main entrance . 
  compared to other cities of the same size it 's fucking metropolis . 
  according to rumors i heard a guy who got denied asylum and was about to be deported . 
  but i would rather wait for the official report because i would suspect a member of the local t\u00fcrkische gemeinde more likely . 
  because my original comment quoted the official report when this was posted . 
  it still said that it was a gas explosion . 
  yes right next to the main entrance.the explosion was in a side street where there is n't much space . 
  my old school is on the other side of that street and when more than 5 people stand next to each other you can block that street . 
  not high . 
  average . 
  mostly former yugos , italians , east europeans and turks . 
  a shit ton of americans due to the base . 
  less than n\u00fcrnberg or munich , more than the countryside . 
  blaulicht ansbach said that it 's the most likely . 
  i know the building , it is in slightly shitty condition despite outside renovations . 
  according to seidel explosives detonated at `` eugens weinstube '' in ansbach ( my hometwon ) . 
  1 dead and multiple hurt . 
  open air music festival got cancled . 
  it seems that it was a kitchen axe in the kebab shop . 
  according to heutejournal the attacker told the polish woman that he loved her and she told him to fuck off . 
  i think domestic violence would be the right term in english ? 
  yes , muslims and jews . 
  wo n't accept christ as their savior . 
  was n't he sentenced to prison because of manslaugther ? 
  no , you are only allowed to carry a kinve with a blade under 7,5 with you . 
  what you have in your kitchen or on your desk can be as long as a sword . 
  my fathers restaurant had multiple `` knifes '' like that . 
  they are just extremely useful . 
  looks like the kitchen axe i have in my kitchen ... 
  meant pm , german title is ministerpr\u00e4sident , my bad . 
  everybody loves to hate somebody . 
  actually a group of british tourists nearly killed two german policemen near munich three weeks ago . 
  the guy was targeting foreigners , so it would seem integration worked . 
  this guy was born in germany and his father came here in the 70s ... facts are getting downvoted now ? 
  then give back the stuff inside the british historical museum . 
  or tear down the memorials for generals and admirals that butchered thousands of civilians in asia and the mid east . 
  you country would n't even know what feeling shame is even if it were forced upon it . 
  not the uk entering the ec ? 
  not greece faking their books ? 
  not hungary having a wannabe putin as president who would sell the eu for getting on russia 's good side ? 
  not the british politicians blackmailing the eu for more concessions and never getting enough ? 
  sure merkel is worse than all that combined . 
  aryan is a word of iranian origin and is even related to the word iran/iranian . 
  this allahu akbar thing has been debunked . 
  cnn lied . 
  like cnn or nbc which claim all kind of outlandish shit ? 
  where did erdogan request asylum again ? 
  who had a source inside the mcdonalds ? 
  sounds rather christian to me . 
  and when i look at the statistics for the iranian diaspora in germany ( largest in europe ) there are more christian iranis than sunni . 
  why ? 
  aryans are all the hype on there i thought . 
  and ? 
  what do you say ? 
  for some reason my comment does n't show . 
  fuck mobile reddit . 
  i 'm just going to quote mys self :  was decently made . 
  they could have left out some subplots and focused more on others like that of the jewish guy or the polish girl that helped escape him it 's above average i would say . 
  then you obviously did n't know his views or you have n't read his manifesto . 
  killing leftists was an integral part of his political views . 
  he regarded them as traitors and a 5th column . 
  to seperate the killing of those kids from his ideology is like seperating the killing of communists from national socialism . 
  but pr0 has . 
  so if you link a nsfw or nsfl link only people with an account can access it . 
  nsu comitted their crimes till 2012 . 
  how the fuck is this a long time ago ?? 
  then it is clear why it was removed . 
  the rules say content showing gore , snuff , blood and other forms of dead people or body parts have to be in nsfl . 
  nsfw is for tits and porn . 
  not really . 
  germany had the nsu and the raf . 
  both non muslim white terrorist groups . 
  terrorism is usually meant to send a politicals message in order reach a political goal .
