the first two weeks of august i will be on a cruise along the baltic coast and parts of skandinavia . 
  in the last week of september i will be in kosovo . 
   ethnic cleansing can include genocide which is why it 's not a precise term here . 
  two million civilians died during the expulsions , so i find the term accurate . 
  well , it 's extremly fitting for english speakers . 
  your language is a global language . 
  do n't run around drunk in germany yelling `` look at those fags ! '', 
  and be surprised if the person reacts negatively . 
  but seriously , fuck british tourists . 
  american , dough that is round in shape and glazed with sugar fun story . 
  the amerikaner is called that way because it was orginally called `` ami '' ( a nickname for americans ) which was short for amonium-geb\u00e4ck . 
   `` hamburger '' : lit . 
  person from hamburg , needs no explanation i hope there are numerous stories how the hamburger came to be . 
  one of those is that it was invented by immigrants from hamburg or it was based on the hamburger frikadelle . 
  parisian , cooked sausage , better known as `` extrawurst '' interesting . 
  here in northern bavaria and in hessen a pariser is a synonym condoms . 
  multiple reasons . 
  it was settled purley by russians and there would have needed to be a huge ethnic resettlement programm nobody sane would like to deal with , especially not germany . 
  there were concerns about future troubles with poland . 
  the cost of bringing the area up to date would have been enorm . 
  east germany was more advanced than kaliningrad and we are still paying for that , now imagine how much a far off terrirtory , with not ethnic germans , no land connection and horrible infrastructure would have cost . 
  yes , kind off . 
  the head of the soviet embassy in bonn , major-general geli batenin offered negotiations about a return of kaliningrad to germany . 
  the german government respondet that `` there was nothing to negotiate about '' . 
  while gorbachev denied that in an interview in 2010 , recently declassified documents of the russian foreign ministry show that there were talks with german representatives about it . 
  well , there are still some pan german elements in the fp\u00d6 . 
  i was pleasantly surprised and terrified at the same time when i met some of those people . 
  just joke . 
  wanting austria to join is more serious than wanting to regain alsace . 
  they removed all germans and settled it with russians . 
  easy, 
  depends on what i eat . 
  usually water , sometimes wine or beer . 
  they are an anti constitutional organization that has been caught in illegal practices multiple times which should be completely banned . 
  they are so full of them self that they compare not being recognized as a religion with the holocaust . 
  russian government spreading false news of russian girls being raped by immigrants in germany . 
  the destruction of the hre is rather bad in my books . 
  ignoring bl\u00fccher ... you break my heart . 
  asshole who handed us over to the bavarians . 
  it 's the standard . 
  no , last year during an excercise russian soldiers wrote `` to berlin '' and `` soon in brussels '' on their bombs . 
  no , i would like to visit russia one day but not during the world cup and not in a time when russian soldiers write the name of our capital on their bombs . 
  austria : you are basically us . 
  seriously , lets form greater bavaria together . 
  it is anschluss time . 
  czechia : great food , good beer , nice landscape and friendly people . 
  and it is very cheap . 
  poland : we have a lot of poles here in germany . 
  they are generally nice people and their cuisine is good . 
  denmark : you gave us lego . 
  netherlands : our lovely swamp germans . 
  our favorite foodball rivale , our favorite beach rivale and our favorite autobahn blockers . 
  love you guys < 3 belgium : waffles , brussels sprouts and funny architecture . 
  thank you for all of that and much more . 
  louxemburg : great coffee . 
  thanks for that . 
  france : our best friends i guess . 
  good cheese , nice beaches , great wine and interesting women . 
  but to all male frenchmen here , personal space is important !!!, 
  yes , there are a lot of them in germany . 
  i personally have n't been in one but i see them often . 
  at least in bavaria the sentiment is `` if i have to pay for the shits in berlin and bremen , why not for spain ? 
  at least i can go on vacation there ! '', 
  you are right . 
  the nazis at least had a social focus . 
  the afd wants to destroy our healthcare system and our social benefits system . 
  they still are the market liberal fanatics they were at the beginning . 
  the difference now is that all competent people left the party and the partys focus shifted on immigration . 
  since you are technically ethnic bavarians , you should join us . 
  ( at least salzburg should ), 
  hre disagrees . 
  wrong . 
  seperate austria should n't be a thing . 
  greater germany now !, 
  i am a european federalist but unless we ever contact another race out there i am extremely opposed to a global federation . 
  france screwed up in its colony and after some time leave the mess to the us and un . 
  the us after fearing communist takeover in asia goes all nazi germany on vietnam . 
  wwii : one living and dozens who are dead now . 
  kosovo : 5 afghanistan : my entire former unit and hundreds more . 
  [ well , okay . 
  but that does n't explain neo austria hungary !, 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_european_defence_cooperation ), 
   central european initiative with ukraine but not with germany ... central europe my ass . 
  if there even was coffee ... 
  to quote my aunt : yes , everybody had a job in the east , but the cars were shit , the coffe was shit , the appartments were shit and there was a general lack of everything . 
  dinkelsb\u00fchl ... alternatively if you do n't want to leave east germany , go to schmalkalden , eisenach or one of those other god forsaken places the sed did n't even know existed . 
  i would sign up for it . 
  i am and i know about 20 other people between 18 and 30 who are federalist too . 
  eastern europe : everything east of the former german and austro-hungarian eastern border . 
  western europe : everything west of germany . 
  bavarian here : for me there is none . 
  those shits from hamburg on the other hand ... 
  yes . 
  would n't mind some karl for germany either . 
  at least he still holds his titles here . 
  pretty common . 
  my dad took me and my brother mushroom hunting when we were younger . 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/option_in_s%c3%bcdtirol#das_hitler-mussolini-abkommen https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_tyrol_option_agreement, 
  a lot of things can change in a hundred years , 
  a tyrolian once told me that they would rather join germany than austria because a ) it was an austrian that sold tham out to mussolini ( hitler ) b ) after the war austrians betrayed them again c ) germany is far more decentralized than austria .
