  hungary send 70 % of its refugees to other countries , i doubt that list is correct . 
  greek defense minister openly threatened the eurozone countries to drown europe in immigrants if they would n't give his country more financial support . 
  ironically nobody views that as an invitation . 
  really ? 
  i would say she is n't even in the top 5 of worst things that have happened in europe in the past few years . 
  and as far as i remember there were n't much critics to her policies until late september . 
  the media in most countries was overall sucking up to her . 
  has n't that been changed for people with refugee status to ten years ? 
  not really , to get from refugee status to citizenship the have to a ) lived here for at least 10 years , b ) be fluent in german , c ) have a job , d ) be able to sustain them selfs and their family . 
  and even that is n't fully up to date since the refugee laws just got stricter last year . 
  family reunifications are n't possible for some years now and the government adopted a one strike policy . 
  only the austrians complaint . 
  merkel was mostly silent on it and got critizised by the opposition for it . 
  sorry , i misread that . 
  the same idea is currently talked about in germany . 
  are sure that french is the second most spoken ? 
  german has way more nativ speakers . 
  and france and russia gave a full reassurance of support to serbia . 
  that is one of the effects of the law changes from the early 2000s . 
  many of those turks have been born here and have grown up here . 
  the red green coalition relaxed the laws so that it was easier to obtain citizenship if you have been born here . 
  historically ( at least in germany ) it has been rather the opposite . 
  german citizenship laws have always had a heavy focus on blood and have only been slightly relaxed in the 2000s . 
  serbians fired the first shot and russia mobilized first . 
  yes . 
  i was a bit disappointed that she did n't give more direct answers , but i am not sure what i expected . 
  germany has suspended family reunion indefinitely . 
  german citizenship laws require them to be fluent in german , to have a job and being able to sustain them selves and their family . 
  according to your definition a uzi is a machine gun . 
   machine gun is a fully automatic mounted or portable firearm , designed to fire bullets in quick succession from an ammunition belt or magazine , typically at a rate of 300 to 1800 rounds per minute . 
  fully automatic firearms are generally categorized as submachine guns , assault rifles , battle rifles , automatic shotguns , machine guns , or autocannons . 
  machine guns with multiple rotating barrels are referred to as `` rotary machine guns '' . 
  this fits better . 
  that 's why there are mandatory fire exits and fire extinguishers and smoke detectors . 
  g36 is n't a machine gun and it 's pretty standart for the sek and is present in the armorys of all german police forces . 
  for machine guns , the bavarian police is the only state police that has still some machine guns in use , the hk21 which is used by the bundespolizei too . 
  if a door is locked , it 's locked ... 
  no , in ansbach where the syrian guy blew him self up . 
  agree . 
  i had two violent bar fights so far , both with british tourists who were drunk like shit and behaving like assholes . 
  had to google it , looks like a rolled thuringian . 
  shit they did . 
  they begged merkel and feymann to help them and when the did they stabbed them in the back . 
  yes , europe has more soldiers , more equipment and better technology than russia . 
  the problem is that it is all divided over several countries and that a lot of money is wasted on things that could be saved if there was closer cooperation . 
  have you seen videos by the austrian bundesheer or by the russian army ? 
  they are even worse . 
  i was at the 122 at the same time . 
  because we did n't have enough p8 we used some old p1 . 
  i felt like grandpa . 
  okay , let me try agian . 
  fun fact : the term werhmacht existed before the nazis and the renaming of the reichswehr . 
  the first official ( iirc ) use was in the annual report of the heeresleitung in berlin in 1895 . 
  there are sea people , mountain people , forrest people and plains people . 
  the sea people grow tall slender because of the floodings and the nutrition that fish gives them . 
  the mountain people are small but strong , they need to fit through the various cliffs and fight of predators . 
  the forrest people are medium sized and fast , in order to hunt their prey . 
  the plains people , we call those poles ... 
  i do n't discriminate ... but this guys reasoning gives me [ a certain mental image ] ( http://img.pr0gramm.com/2016/06/08/ba094124dae0ae3c.jpg ), 
  it was a kind of newly `` created '' one . 
  it was part of the schnelle eingreiftruppe which was only created shortly before that . 
  which one ? 
  my unit or the on that we shipped the mgs to ? 
  why not ? 
  another fun fact : when people complained that the starfighter f 104 might be too dangerous , franz josef strau\u00df ( then minister of defence ) flew one across bavaria to prove tha there is no danger involved ( we know better ) . 
  wehrmacht included luftwaffe , heer and kriegsmarine . 
  bundeswehr includes luftwaffe , heer and marine . 
  goes back to eleventh century teutonic knights . 
  fun fact : when the bundeswehr was created , a third of people wanted to name it wehrmacht again . 
  the objektschutzregiment could actually take on an equally sized russian unit . 
  you do n't seem to get the argument , do you ? 
  yeah , that 's sadly true but they had the equipment . 
  my own unit shipped some mg3 to them back then . 
  the raf i know blew up an embassy in stockholm , kidnapped a passenger plane , executed civilians , attacked banks , cooperated with the terrorists that killed the israeli olympia team and generated an atmosphere of terror . 
  well , usually i would say that 's why there is a nato channel , but they are even worse than the bundeswehr when it comes to pr ... 
  the uk should really change the name of the royal airforce . 
  the term raf is so connected with terrorism and murder here that it is insulting us . 
  the broomstick thing has n't actually anything to do with lack of spare parts . 
  it was a combination of the vehicle not being supposed to be armed and soldiers taking a joke too serious . 
  good old witwenmacher ... 
  you 've just been banned . 
  their youtube channel is actually extremely good and even provides some english content . 
  but their main target group is the german speaking audience and they could n't give less of a fuck what some guy in new jersey or ontario thinks about them . 
  they started protecting their borders after germany saved their asses . 
  so the 300k stranted in hungary last june came because merkel said to let them through in august ? 
  sounds legit, 
  we do n't enforce dublin , everybody gives us shit . 
  we enforce dublin , everybody gives us shit . 
  what do you want ? 
  because they send them all to gemany ... 
  is n't that what the bundesamt f\u00fcr migration und fl\u00fcchtlinge is for ?? 
  you should add that he was going to be deported some time next month . 
  outsorced vw does n't count or else we would respect the english ... / s, 
  cause you think they are stinky . 
  and they do n't have glorious car & a beer industry . 
  none of those sources link to a credible source like reuters , the police or any other credible source . 
  i have n't found any report my german media or by the police retracting their statement yet . 
  xaxaxa , we trick you ~ ~ poland ~ ~ czechia ... we offer beer and bratwurst as an apology , 
  this is the only source i have seen so far that says that . 
  the website looks like it is from 2002 and there are massive spelling errors in the text .
