[ what 's truly great about great britain . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/sdvnebhzjzo ), 
  it 's great relative to brittany , the other piece of land historically populated by brittonic people . 
  the motion ( which i copied from [ the tab ] ( http://tab.co.uk/2014/10/14/nus-refuses-to-condemn-terrorists-because-its-islamophobic/ ) ) :  ** iraqi/kurdish solidarity **  proposed : daniel cooper  seconded : shreya paudel , clifford fleming  nus national executive committee notes :  1 . 
  the ongoing humanitarian crisis and sectarian polarisation in iraq - which has resulted in thousands of yazidi kurds being massacred . 
   nus nec believes  1 . 
  that the people of iraq have suffered for years under the sectarian and brutally repressive dictatorship of saddam hussein , the us/uk invasion and occupation , the current sectarian regime linked to both the us and iran , and now the barbaric repression of the `` islamic state '' organisation . 
  that rape and other forms of sexual violence are being used as weapons against women in is-occupied areas , while minorities are being ethnically cleansed . 
   nus nec resolves  1 . 
  to work with the international students ' campaign to support iraqi , syrian and other international students in the uk affected by this situation . 
  to campaign in solidarity with the iraqi people and in particular support the hard-pressed student , workers ' and women 's organisations against all the competing nationalist and religious-right forces . 
  to support iraqis trying to bridge the sunni-shia divide to fight for equality and democracy , including defence of the rights of the christian and yazidi-kurd minorities . 
  to condemn the is and support the kurdish forces fighting against it , while expressing no confidence or trust in the us military intervention . 
  encourage students to boycott anyone found to be funding the is or supplying them with goods , training , travel or soldiers . 
  to make contact with iraqi and kurdish organisations , in iraq and in the uk , in order to build solidarity and to support refugees . 
  to issue a statement on the above basis . 
  we knew what went wrong in foresight as well , but [ tepco simply ignored japan 's nuclear and industrial safety agency . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-03-16/japan-s-reactor-risk-foretold-20-years-ago-in-u-s-nuclear-agency-s-report.html ), 
  from [ this interview ] ( http://www.theengineer.co.uk/in-depth/the-big-story/nuclear-fusion-jet-and-iter-your-questions-answered/1014477.article ) :  if all goes well , the demonstration power plant will lead fusion into its industrial era ... putting fusion power into the grid as early as 2040 . 
  so ~ 25 years is the official , optimistic estimate . 
  charles i , by the grace of god , king of england , scotland , france and ireland , defender of the faith , & c. partly just because his head was lopped off , but also because , even if the commonwealth did n't last , the whole beheading thing set an example for future monarchs who may have had ideas of absolutism . 
  i expect someone would have posted it sooner or later : [ cgp gray explains mixed-member proportional representation ] ( http://youtu.be/qt0i-sdosxu ) . 
  i like this system a lot , but even a transferable vote would be nice . 
  [ alas ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/results_of_the_united_kingdom_alternative_vote_referendum,_2011 ), 
  [ according to wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yatsenyuk_government ) , that fount of flawless knowledge , the allegedly fascist svoboda has four positions in the cabinet of ministers : one of the vice prime ministers , the minister of ecology and natural resources , the minister of agrarian policy and food , and the acting minister of defense , who i suspect has the position by virtue of his being an admiral and former commander of the navy . 
  the other 13 ministries , as well as the offices of the prime minister , first vice prime minister and the other vice prime minister are filled by fatherland and independent mps , with the exception of three offices ( health , culture , youth and sports ) which were filled by prominent euromaidan activists , and two ( education and economy ) which were filled by the presidents of educational institutions . 
  there 's nothing all that new about the kieven government . 
  everybody in parliament now was there pre-maidan , all that 's changed is that they 've formed a national unity government , a coalition of every party , which is completely standard given the situation . 
  elections will come in may , presumably with osce or un observers , and i fully expect far-right parties will continue on with a relatively small minority of seats in parliament . 
  i 'll get worried about the rise of the ukrainian far-right if they start manipulating elections , suppressing media plurality , and harassing supporters of other parties , but i 'm pretty sure that 'd be political suicide for them right now . 
  i first heard the anthem a couple of months ago while watching the protest live streams . 
  on several occasions the crowd went utterly silent , deferring to a lone musician playing the anthem on a wind instrument of some description . 
  i fell in love with the tune even before i discovered just how apt the words were . 
  [ the vote on the matter was quite interesting ] ( http://www.votewatch.eu/en/location-of-the-seats-of-the-european-union-s-institutions-motion-for-resolution-vote-resolution-as-.html ) . 
  majority formed by literally every group in parliament . 
  conservatives from spain and germany joined french meps of every group but the greens in voting against it . 
  the * budapest memorandum * merely makes russia 's invasion of crimea illegal ( but does it make it more illegal then any other unsanctioned invasion ? 
  ) , while not explicitly compelling any action from the west . 
  the * [ charter on a distinctive partnership ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/official_texts_25457.htm ) * , signed by nato and ukraine in 1997 and reaffirmed in 2009 , however does explicitly guarantee , among other things , ukraine 's territorial integrity and the inviolability of its borders . 
  and nato does seem to be taking this seriously , it just is n't trying to rush things like russia is . 
  it does apparently have thermal camoflage . 
  remains to be seen exactly how effective that 'll be since it 's such new technology , but it 's there . 
  well tanks simply are n't suited for asymmetric warfare , stealth armour or not . 
  a tanks true value lies in its mobility on open ground where air power is indeed the greatest threat to the vehicle and a reduced radar profile can only be an asset here . 
  nato very much does . 
  from the * charter on a distinctive partnership between the north atlantic treaty organization and ukraine * ( 1997 ) :  -14 . 
  nato allies will continue to support ukrainian sovereignty and independence , territorial integrity , democratic development , economic prosperity and its status as a non-nuclear weapon state , and the principle of inviolability of frontiers , as key factors of stability and security in central and eastern europe and in the continent as a whole . 
  nato and ukraine will develop a crisis consultative mechanism to consult together whenever ukraine perceives a direct threat to its territorial integrity , political independence , or security . 
  nato welcomes and supports the fact that ukraine received security assurances from all five nuclear-weapon states parties to the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons ( npt ) as a non-nuclear weapon state party to the npt , and recalls the commitments undertaken by the united states and the united kingdom , together with russia , and by france unilaterally , which took the historic decision in budapest in 1994 to provide ukraine with security assurances as a non-nuclear weapon state party to the npt . 
  from the * charter on a distinctive partnership between the north atlantic treaty organization and ukraine * ( 1997 ) :  -14 . 
  nato allies will continue to support ukrainian sovereignty and independence , territorial integrity , democratic development , economic prosperity and its status as a non-nuclear weapon state , and the principle of inviolability of frontiers , as key factors of stability and security in central and eastern europe and in the continent as a whole . 
  nato and ukraine will develop a crisis consultative mechanism to consult together whenever ukraine perceives a direct threat to its territorial integrity , political independence , or security . 
  [ luck is n't enough when it comes to hitler 's kung fu . 
  ] ( http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=3266#comic ), 
  have you seen all the anarchist flags around ? 
  wanting ukraine to not be russia 's bitch is apparently a cause all sorts of people can get behind . 
  it 's mikhaila grushevskogo street , just south of european square and a couple of hundred metres east of maidan . 
  here 's a [ google maps link ] ( https://maps.google.co.uk/maps?q=50.451131,30.52888&amp;num=1&amp;t=h&amp;z=17&amp;iwloc=a ) . 
  the camera is usually pointed towards the stadium , though it moves about every now and then . 
  there 's also the european council . 
  does n't have any legislative power within the treaties , but being comprised of the executives of the member states it has bucket loads of de facto power . 
  judging by some of the reports that have recently been voted on , parliament is somewhat irked by the way both the council and the commission have been handling the eurozone crisis without meaningful oversight . 
  by representatives i was actually referring to national governments , though it does seem to usually boil down to lobbying anyway . 
  i 'm kind of sketchy on the commissions powers . 
  i was n't previously aware they could do much of anything without parliamentary approval , that they can is a bad thing , i think . 
  i 'm rather hoping the next commission president will be able to do something about giving parliament some teeth . 
  as it stands , all the ep can do when they object to the actions of the other bodies is draft stroppy reports that seem to go largely ignored . 
  if i recall correctly , the intent of the law was actually to prevent restaurants from defrauding customers by passing off low quality olive oil as the good stuff . 
  they would have been required to serve olive oil in the bottle it was shipped in rather then decanting it into jugs or the bottles of other brands . 
  a fairly sane law , if you ask me , and one that was requested by representatives of the olive oil producing member states . 
  stalin seems to get bonus points among some people for having been the one to defeat hitler . 
  certainly that 's the only rationalization i can think of that 'd colour his premiership in any positive way . 
  the judges in the video seemed satisfied . 
  by all ( two ) accounts , the piece of meat was like a piece of meat . 
  so what i thought was a poor excuse for a riot is in fact only half a poor excuse ? 
  fascinating . 
  also i think it can already be said there are people that consider violence appropriate when [ police have to worry about improvised explosives ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/local-national/northern-ireland/blast-bomb-thrown-at-police-lines-29421296.html ) . 
  they 're supposedly protesting a decision not to allow an orange order march through a republican majority area . 
  my uninformed speculation is that many of the rioters are just in it for a laugh though . 
  britain . 
  i do n't know if they realise that the rest of the union , and i assume the rest of northern ireland , looks on in embarrassment and disapproval . 
  started with some discussion of civil rights issues and the marches about them , mostly as a prelude to bloody sunday which occupied the bulk of our time . 
  the dominant messages were that people rightly get angry about internment , that paratroopers make terrible police , and that the tribunal that followed was an obvious farce . 
  the only things i can remember are the 1066 invasions of england , edward longshank 's invasion of wales , the development of medicine in europe and the levant , the great war , the cold war , and the troubles . 
  there 's a curious lack of wwii in my memory . 
  there 's a curious myth that all religions are equal , which is strange because they all make requests of their followers and these requests are clearly not identical , even if there is often significant overlap ( with islam and christianity , anyway , which is no surprise given that they 're sibling religions ) . 
  the new testament is no worse then the qur ` an , some will say , it has calls to violence itself . 
  this is both true and irrelevant ; christians these days do n't often cite their bible as inspiration for their crimes . 
  then there 's islam . 
  jihad , the struggle against the kafir , is a pretty important part of the religion . 
  the qur ` an is full of examples where violent action against unbelievers is celebrated , as you 'd expect from a religion whose central figure was a warlord . 
  it all makes natural sense in a historical context and progressive muslims have even less reason to be ashamed of it then catholics do of , say , witch burnings , but they need to accept a couple of things before so-called radicalization will cease to become such a frequent problem . 
  one is to accept that violent jihad is part of their religion , and then consign it to history anyway . 
  another is to reject the idea that the qur ` an is the inerrant and timeless word of god because as long as it 's considered to be so , impressionable youths will read the bits about jihad and get funny ideas . 
  on related note to that last point , it 's often mentioned that the islamic world was once a beacon of civilization while christendom was comparatively backward but it 's rarely mentioned why this was so . 
  a rather large part of it was the [ mu ` tazili ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mu'tazila ) school of theology that was popular among the ruling class of the abbasid caliphate . 
  among other things , like a respect for rationality , it denied the divinity of the qur ` an . 
  those would be the [ faroes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/faroes ) . 
  britain comes via the old french * bretaigne * from the latin * britannia * , the romans having named the island after its celtic inhabitants , whom were referred to by greek traders as * prittanoi * , ` tattooed people ' . 
  it 's great because it 's bigger then brittany , which was settled by , and in turn named after , briton refugees who were fleeing the comparatively hairy and unwashed germanic settlers that were landing by the boatload back home .
