  still beat us by 3 goals so seems odd to put a fake score in, 
  i got far too excited by merseyrail being mentioned although to be fair out of all the train companies they are relatively cheap and reliable ( # 66 for a month pass ) . 
  cross country trains however are a joke unless you book well in advance . 
  was cheaper for me and my friends to fly poland for a weekend away than it was to get a train to newcastle, 
  grant v australian knitting mills being used in england and wales being the classic example, 
  some of the welsh voted leave as well, 
  swapping london and birmingham for edinburgh and glasgow , i like this new country, 
  not a single person i spoke to today knew about this either . 
  shocking how little people care or know . 
  i thought that you did n't have to convert as christians , jew 's and muslims all shared the old testament, 
  thought it was a hobnob myself , the king of dunking, 
  yeah , the headline makes it out like uk police helped investigate and made arrests when all they did was teach the saudi 's on police procedures, 
  after looking at this map and walking through town with flooded roads i do wonder which genius decided to put the open golf championship here, 
  irish whiskey always has an e because they added it to differentiate it from the scottish stuff . 
  learnt this last month when i was at the whiskey museum in dublin which was also my cheapest round while i was there ( $ 20 for 4 whiskeys and a whole tour , well worth it ), 
  ah , makes sense . 
  familiarity breeds contempt and all that, 
  why do finland and the netherlands have this weird rivalry ? 
  saw it joked about on a few comments now, 
  and that is the real reason why portugal is our oldest ally, 
  the shorts thing is n't even upper class . 
  i 'm 28 but i wore shorts to school up until year 2 ( about 7 or 8 years old ) as did everyone else i know . 
  most schools still do this now , and the area i grew up in is working to middle class . 
  edit . 
  just realised typing that it has been 20 years since i was in primary school . 
  christ, 
  it 's exaggerated , but wales really is mountainous , why you hear so much about the welsh valley 's . 
  beautiful country though, 
  the whole of california is nice though !, 
  wish i found go somewhere nice like that for work , furthest i go is chester or manchester !, 
  problem is though getting the time off work and people to go with , plus those cheap flights are only there if you book months in advance ( like i did recently for berlin and dublin less than # 70 each ) or get a really early kg late flight . 
  i went munich end of november for christmas markets and flight was # 120, 
  ha , you can tell i 've never been , closest i got was san diego . 
  the type of holiday depends on who you are with like , i have done the poolside / all inclusive holiday in turkey with the family and was bored after 2 days as was my dad and sister so next few where more city based . 
  with my mates it basically eastern or central europe for drinking and seeing the odd sight, 
  least it 's not chelsea or villa, 
  or how it cost 40 million to open negotiations but uk bid 40 million plus 1 and we got laughed out of brussels causing skincare to question what we are smoking, 
  cancun by any chance ? 
  know loads who have been there because thomas cook do good package deals there and most brit 's are probably going all that way because we ruined spain ( just google brit 's in benidorm or magaluf ) . 
  to be fair it was your honeymoon so not the usual holiday, 
  just curious but where was this ? 
  personally i have never done the beach towel thing , but then lying still and doing nothing seems like my idea of hell , as when i 'm abroad i love exploring, 
  first one of these i saw in my city was actually a few months ago when the new swedish style bar opened by my work . 
  was a great pint but cost me just under a fiver which is a ridiculous price to pay for beer, 
  now i 'm confused , swap french for english in your statement and you described brit 's, 
  yeah , well we still have irn bru and yorkshire puddings so who 's losing now, 
  what the scottish guy below said ( sorry i do n't know how to link usernames ), 
  do n't most people day that about their own capital though ? 
  i know here in britain most people in the north do n't like london due to all the money seeming to go there and the snooty reputation it has . 
  personally i find it hit and miss , can go for a few days but could never , ever imagine living there . 
  yeah it is definitely worse here because the scots , welsh and irish were/still see their own countries and hate seeing their own culture being overridden by the english . 
  same way loads of people refer to britain as just england . 
  personally i do n't care but those to the north and west of me have a very different opinion . 
  a pregnant woman was probably having a wee in it, 
  did n't she want to remain though, 
  not a fan of the monarchy at all but where they serve a purpose is to be ` neutral ' representatives of the state if that makes sense . 
  so by visiting manchester , or the tower victims people see that the country does care . 
  it is also why the royals do a lot of state visits abroad as they can represent britain but not got bogged down with political agendas, 
  you like kitten heels ? 
  quite a lot of that was people under the voting age as well, 
  perfectly sum up i how i felt/still feel there mate . 
  i even said before the result that after the people chose to remain we should start working together to form a european army to strengthen ties, 
  the op may not believe this but unfortunately i know plenty of people including my dad who believe this, 
  to be fair 02 was awful in my house for ages as well until they built a new mast/got permission to piggyback on one closer to my town, 
  coverage for 3 is awful here , know a few people who switched because they could never get a signal, 
  best get my 2 years worth in then, 
  i would absolutely hate to go on holiday that way . 
  one of the things i love about going abroad is finding my own way , eating and drinking at bars and restaurants like the locals and if i want to go do timidity stuff i still can but at my own pace, 
  because people do n't like being told what to think and getting told that leave would be a terrible choice made loads vote for it for remain trying to scare them . 
  honestly the remain campaign was a disaster , instead of focusing on the negatives of leaving they should have focused on the positives and how being in the eu benefits us and what it does each day, 
  i know what you mean , but then i remember she is a bad tit and do n't feel bad for her anymore, 
  i do n't mind her sitting down for the wave as long as she stays down , but that 's because i 'm a miserable twat so refuse to participate in them . 
  thankfully i will never go to an england game and if someone tried to start one at anfield they would get chucked out with their selfie stick, 
  the live show at universal is amazing though, 
  europeans crying our for british food !, 
  what is the world coming to !, 
  a good rule in life is to do exactly the opposite of what the s * n says, 
  corbyn just fucked it up though by saying he does n't agree with the police using a shoot to kill policy a day after the policy saved numerous lives, 
  does n't help that when the lib dems went into a coalition ( only time i voted for them over labour btw ) with the tories and backtracked on most of their campaign pledges which got them in so most people do n't care for them so they are not really news worthy . 
  would love a labour/lib dem or snp coalition though, 
  bono as well, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/merseytram we tried to revive them here but ran out of funding . 
  shame really as would have been great and provided another means of transport to the eastern side of the region who only have buses, 
  reminds me of that guy during the london riots who , while everyone was looting designer clothes decided to rob a 2kg bag of tesco value rice instead, 
  what 's that mean in english ? 
  our similar saying is ` you ca n't have your cake and eat it ' . 
  the mail and the s * n ca n't get banned soon enough, 
  but jesus turned water into wine , so if anything this goes against his teachings, 
  so what you are saying is the only way to get alcohol on a sunday is to go to church for the ` blood ' of christ, 
  that 's such a german way of saying i love you, 
  i would n't say that as i voted remain but do n't really feel european , sure we are close culture wise to some countries in europe ( ireland and germany ) but then we are probably closer culture wise to australia than say romania, 
  i learnt french in secondary school as it was compulsory for the first 3 years . 
  due to a lack of classrooms and teachers , alternative years learnt french ot spanish during these 3 years . 
  could then choose to do french or spanish for a gcse but due to limited options i did n't carry it on . 
  sorry to hear that , though i ca n't say i blame you at all for having that view . 
  i learned the real attitudes of some people that i hang around and work with myself . 
  wish you would come here to teach german though as my city does n't have any german teachers and i really want to learn it . 
  fucking only gets you so far . 
  was in cadets so used to shoot .22 rifles and l98 rifles quite regularly . 
  also went clay pigeon shooting with cadets and used a double barrelled shotgun .
