do you have an english source for this ? 
  thanks in advance, 
  the league got suspended, 
  was n't on the mainland was it , and ca n't really compare it to ukraine as totally different, 
  just seemed strange as i was saying that if war broke out in say wales or the south coast i imagine we would n't have the league carry on . 
  i realiseukraine is bigger and that this is probably a bad comparison but i hope people get what i mean, 
  was talking about this to my mate the other day when i was watching the champions league . 
  i thought it was madness that the ukrainian teams have still been playing as normal and still in european competitions and they basically have since day one of the war started . 
  i think that before we can even start to think about european nationalism we need to think about what nationalism means within our own borders . 
  speaking as an englishman i feel as though being proud of the country makes me look like a member of bnp or the edl . 
  i think many people here are not very nationalistic because sadly if they display a flag or say how great the country is people may think they are something that they are not . 
  it is only the olympics where i can thi k that everyone was proud to say they where a part of britain and did n't feel self conscious doing so, 
  i would actually be more surprised if the s * n published an article that was true . 
  true , though they did n't exactly shout about the positives either to remind people what benefits they had by being a member, 
  will the uk stop being allies though as we have so many defence treaties with european states and leaving the eu wo n't change that, 
  mate , i felt the same with with brexit . 
  problem is you will get a lot of people who wo n't say what they really think to the polls and then quite a few who are undecided will go for the party who have policies . 
  look at the remain and clinton camps all they seemed to do was focus on the negatives of voting for the other side without explaining why you should vote for them . 
  makes sense and i did n't know that . 
  bit dissapointed that the uk is n't involved but that does n't take away from what the rest of europe is aiming for, 
  surprised that there is no british involvement, 
  and liverpool , manchester , bristol and a few other cities, 
  please do n't tar everyone with the same brush . 
  every eu citizen of course has a right to feel aggrieved if they get kicked out or attitudes change towards them , but saying that the bullshit is what europe thinks of you people is a bit out of order . 
  is n't being nice to tourists what happens in most countries though as they will likely tip and spend more . 
  personally i try to be nice to everyone and treat them how they would treat me and if i get chatting to a tourist i go out of my way to help them and try to give them information about the city , so that they go home with a good impression of my city and people , and hopefully reccomend it to more people . 
  plus i would hope that they would do the same for tourists in their own city as nothing worse than going on holiday and not enjoying it, 
  i thought it was a a song of ice and fire ( game of thrones ) in danish until i realised all the labels where in english, 
  i personally like the fact that ireland and iceland have the same search . 
  i know it is for different reasons but i hope that a load of people just got the second letter wrong, 
  shame . 
  i always wanted to visit denmark as well, 
  they ? 
  it 's just boris and he really is . 
  mins you cameron is just as stupid if not more so for having the referendum in the first place the bell end, 
  i found it hit and miss price wise when i went for a stag do . 
  me and cousin where debating who 's round it was when it came to 120 euro so we went halves . 
  next bar my dad gets the same round for just under 50 euros . 
  still annoys me to this day, 
  just realised that i need to move to berlin, 
  the one times i want london to push itself in the north and it did n't . 
  to be honest i qualify for irish citizenship through my nan and i am seriously considering it . 
  will you put in a good word for me . 
  liverpool is half irish anyway . 
  edit . 
  nan not man though guess your man there could probably sort it . 
  nope , opposite . 
  just have to look at the funding both cities got from the eu to realise why, 
  fuck it , we will be the unified scottish socialist republic 's, 
  that 's the worst thing . 
  people who will be dead when it takes effect went against the wishes of the young . 
  they already fucked up our housing and jobs so should n't be a surprise . 
  they love fucking us over , like when they lecture us about how when they were our age they had a good job , house and family . 
  easy to get a house and married when a house was only 2 to 3 times your wage and all you needed for a mortgage was a reference . 
  anyway rant over, 
  thanks for this post , i was going to post something similar until i saw this . 
  honestly i am so gutted and hope the eu does n't implode because of this . 
  good , hopefully scotland manages to annex liverpool and manchester when it does join the eu independently, 
  same where i go camping in south wales . 
  spoke to a group of dutch midway up a mountain and they said they all came because they have no mountains at all which for some reason made me feel sad for them, 
  i think this goes for brit 's as well , though that 's usually because it is the only place that shows the footy or sells cider . 
  found the cider part out on holiday in germany and one of our group who ca n't drink beer spent a bomb the first night on vodka so we had to go on a cider hunt, 
  liverpool with a river mersey in canada as well . 
  damn north american copycats, 
  cheers , learn something new every day, 
  what the hell did poland do to avoid it all, 
  they speak welsh in patagonia so it 's only fair really, 
  [ nope ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=4zxpp7qmsz4 ), 
  excellent news, 
  this is why whenever i am abroad i turn off my mobile data and rely on wi-fi only, 
  always seemed daft to be that there was such a charge for roaming across europe and the price difference changed so much so much between providers . 
  i am with o2 and got charged # 2 a day for unlimited data which was ok as i was on a coach in france for 20 hours , but know people on other networks for charged a bomb, 
  trying to teach myself german on duolingo and thought it was just me thinking that the translations made no sense !, 
  what 's the actual difference between the 2 ? 
  i do n't work in a call centre just a regular office though a few of my mates do . 
  probably because the accent is meant to sound friendly according to this article https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2000/sep/22/davidward, 
  this is so true . 
  my work sent me on a course to ` improve my telephone manner ' but was basically to make me less scouse as they have offices in a few cities . 
  funny thing is after being on the course a while my clients could n't recognise me on the phone and asked why i was pretending to be posh !, 
  make it france doing the invasion for old times sake, 
  oh , i know some people down south do n't like her which is why i said j was grossly over simplifying it , however i am still to meet a northerner who likes her, 
  unfortunately she died in the 2010s , plus if wecwent back to the 90s my main concern would be getting on funhouse or live and kicking, 
  went glasgow a few months ago for 25 quid return so deal !, 
  that really pisses me off . 
  there were anti trump protests here as well and i just wanted to scream at them to protest as much about nhs cuts etc. 
  i think the only people in the uk who can bother trump are those in scotland who block his golf courses getting built, 
  to grossly oversimplify it thatcher is still the personification of the north/south divide in that the south loved her and think she was the greatest pm and the north hated her . 
  when she died i ( a liverpool fan ) went to newcastle . 
  we won 6 nil but at half time all we was doing was a conga line to the chant ` maggie is no longer , let 's all do a conga ' and the local geordie 's started their own version , so despite us battering them both sides were united in their hatred of her, 
  ca n't we just go back a few years to when thatcher died and we was still in the eu, 
  ca n't we just go back a few years to when thatcher died and we was still in the eu, 
  ca n't beat a bit of toad, 
  makes sense , just never really heard of or saw french cider, 
  spanish beer is weird , like san miguel is a premium beer here in liverpool and always nice , but when i was in spain and got cruzcampo it was either the worst or most refreshing drink i had over there . 
  surprised how low the cider count is in britain and ireland as apart from kopperberg in sweden those are the only 2 countries i think of that produce it, 
  bloody hell , thanks for the detailed answer but after reading that k feel like i need some type of graph !, 
  so are you based in the uk now and which passports did you go for in the end . 
  glad my lineage is simple with both parents being english born and raised , and both of them having english fathers and irish mother 's making it simple for me, 
  shit , really . 
  honestly never heard that before,
