  short term a rise in the number of people applying for irish passports ( me being one of them ), 
  doubt it as ireland and malta have it as an official language and most countries use it as a second language, 
  i 'm late 20s and i prefer next and m and s , does this mean i 'm old ? 
  thought you was british then until i saw your flair, 
  to play devil 's advocate those searches could have been by people aged under 18 who could n't vote and wanted to know what was happening, 
  growing up i used to think that the italians where to coolest thanks to all the cars from there , having the best football league and players . 
  nowadays though i think that it is australia as they have such a relaxed vibe , but get stuff done . 
  plus surfers always look cool, 
  thanks a lot for the insight . 
  makes a lot of sense why you would n't use those words but then , as i have only really heard frau it must be something said by the older tourists, 
  aye it is weird , how i ended up living with a welshman who did n't speak welsh and an englishman who did, 
  not entirely sure tbh as not welsh but from chatting to welsh people , or people who live there most schools teach it a basic level but schools can choose how much they teach , leading to half the kids in a town learning it whilst the other half does n't . 
  the north has a lot more speakers as well, 
  welsh language tv , scorio was the best tv show growing up, 
  i know realised that after i wrote it . 
  well they have s4c and welsh has become compulsory . 
  a woman in my work is welsh ( though does n't speak any and does n't have the accent being from by the border ) , and her 3 year old son came home from nursery the other week counting in welsh . 
  best example i have though is my 2 uni housemates , one was from connah 's quay and the other moved to colwyn bay from england when he was 10 . 
  the english lad spoke welsh and the welsh lad did n't, 
   what even is welsh ? 
  verbally vomiting alphabetti spaghetti, 
  tell us that we have foreign accents , that you are surprised that people in the north do n't sound like cockneys or downtown abbey and that brit 's pronounce and spell words wrong . 
  if you somehow manage to get away from london then make sure you tell everyone you meet how great london is and how you are surprised that different cities also have nice restaurants and museums . 
  when you go hiking do n't bother taking emergency supplies as nothing can possibly go wrong . 
  tell us how you are british because someone in your family got sent the colonies and you have a kath kitson mug at home and once ate fish and fries . 
  definitely talk politics as all 65 million of us have the exact same opinion , especially do this in scotland and ask why they are not like the rest of england, 
  i felt so uncomfortable reading this , goes against every social norm i have lived with for the last 28 years . 
  guess i will never get a bus in sweden, 
  tbh you could replace the german with any country and it would be accurate, 
  clueless englishman here but why are these so bad to say ? 
  ( not that i would have said them myself ), 
  same as mine then ( though he only retired 2 weeks ago , but finished at 16.30 before then ) . 
  my dad is the opposite and actually likes cooking and he is a good cook so it works out quite well . 
  helps that he used to travel the world so always knows how to cook food from different places . 
  i much prefer home cooking over fast food , though we do try to go to a restaurant once a month for something different . 
  thanks so much for this , will head on over now for a look . 
  apart from ramnstein which i listen to at the gym and a weird german comedy i found on netflix i have n't saw any german media, 
  minus the price i hope , as the prices here are ridiculous, 
  there is one here , my town built a skate park a few years ago, 
  i really want to go to bristol , know a lad who moved there for work and he loved it . 
  meant to be absolutely massive as well , though if it was n't like an episode of teachers i would be dissapointed . 
  really hope that if we qualify for champions league we get leipzig so that i can go, 
  quite a few countries still have our flag so there is a connection there . 
  for the most part we bond over sport , mainly cricket and rugby where they usually beat us !, 
  america and canada are the only ones where we do n't really have a sport , though canada has just got a rugby league team into the lower division of english rugby , and we are quite close to america politically, 
  that 's really nice man , and glad you still have her recipe 's . 
  when my mother passed we used to go to different aunties for dinner but that was more to allow the family to be around us i guess , now it is a routine of my dad cooking just because of our work patterns . 
  i still live at home so usually my dad or sister cook the tea/dinner as until my dad retired the other week he finished work at 430 , and my sister works shifts so either is in work very late or home very early . 
  i finish work at 6pm meaning i am not home until 7 so most of the time i will just warm the tea up in the oven or microwave . 
  good think is my dad is a great cook so always have a nice tea . 
  i will cook breakfast on the weekend though and if we do n't go a restaurant or chippy i will cook the evening meal as well, 
  i get an hour lunch and usually take it at 12 or 1 depending how busy i am and how many staff are in, 
  honestly pretty much anything as long as you live within an easy enough distance . 
  there is a company all over the uk now called deliveroo and they will literally pick up and deliver any fast food you want ( curry , kfc , that weird peruvian place ), 
  i ca n't agree with this statement enough , everytime i think i get german , this crops up and throws me completely off, 
  i 've been to usa 4 times , canada once and australia once and hoping to go south america in october as well . 
  i think it is easier for us to travel away from the continent though as we get longer holidays so we can actually save up the time to explore , plus north africa is n't actually that far away so easier for people to get there, 
  when i went amsterdam last year my boss text me asking him to get him some of the hagelslag ( probably not how you spell it ) and i thought he was making a joke about the ladies in the red light district . 
  did n't know it was actually sprinkles that you out on toast, 
  probably best asking in the relevant city sub reddits tbh as every place will be different , like if you was in liverpool the only place i think that would show the nba would be rack and dollar which is an american themed sports bar, 
  i would say that women are picky , at least i tell myself that for the confidence boost, 
  exactly , which is why i do it it , but when most people you are with laugh at your attempts and say they speak english anyway it is embarrassing and annoying , especially when the server usually overhears this and agrees . 
  has n't stopped me trying though, 
  most of ours edl , britain first are a joke . 
  the one time the far right tried to do a march in my city they got chased out and locked in the left luggage room for their own protection as seen here https://aflondon.wordpress.com/2015/08/17/stop-the-white-man-march-liverpool/, 
  if you have n't saw the series this is england then it is right up your street, 
  i would say films about the criminal underworld ( lock stock ) , romantic comedies ( love actually ) and dark comedy ( sightseers ) are for us, 
  i had to ` go commando ' once after the gym when i forgot my undies that i change into after a workout . 
  the zipping up the trousers was terrifying and i just kept thinking about that scene from there 's something about mary , never again !, 
  do n't have any grandparents left to ask but my dad ( born 1950 ) has always liked the germans and germany . 
  he was in the merchant navy and actually joined his first ship in hamburg and a few of his mates went over to work there when there was no jobs here so it seems to have a good reputation with the immediate post war generation . 
  add in the fact that as liverpool fans he partied in time with monchrngladbach fans in the 70s and it gets better, 
  i do yes and before i go abroad i try to learn local phrases etc , except whenever i try to speak the local language the other person just speaks english or i feel embarrassed . 
  does n't help that the last time i tried to speak german the wait staff just congratulated me on trying but told me not to worry , causing my friends to laugh at me . 
  honestly i think learning a second language should be taught when a child first starts school the way you guys learn english, 
  you think that 's bad , i once met a welsh farmer who could n't speak english !, 
  just stared at me blankly when i asked if he wanted a drink until his daughter translated, 
  25th may 2005 was probably his worst :p, 
  is it a north eastern thing then ? 
  op needs to answer, 
  tbh there are 2 levels of airline in europe , so the ones you see go transcontinental are ba , klm etc which are seen as luxurious compared to na airlines which is true , though they are still behind emirates . 
  we also have our cheap airlines with easyjet ( british ) and ryanair ( irish ) being the main 2 , and ryanair especially are renowned for terrible service , hidden charges and probably worse than na airlines , but at the same time i am flying to dublin for # 60 and berlin a month later for the same price . 
  in fact the chief executive went to america to see the southwest airlines model and brought it over here and expanded on it, 
  only flew british airways once from manchester to los angeles via heathrow and got to say i was really impressed , but that might be because the only other times i have flown to north america it has been with air transit , delta and american airlines . 
  compared to those 3 ba had more entertainment , more attentive and helpful staff and a better selection of food and drink , and there was hardly a price difference . 
  wish they did a shuttle flight from liverpool to heathrow which is their main hub , but that 's just me being fussy as manchester is only 40 miles away . 
  must be southern then if a northerner and a midlander have never heard of it . 
  i do n't think it is religious though as i went to catholic primary and secondary schools and got dragged to church all the time as a kid by my religious nan who lived with us , so if it was religious i probably would have heard of it . 
  * edited misguided to midlander, 
  where about do you live as i have lived in the north west my whole life and i 've never heard of sinnel cake, 
  been ages since i went to one of them so had no idea, 
  whatever station my local pub is streaming from sometimes it is slovakian other times uae . 
  usually you are right about the english being bad abroad , but i had it work the opposite way in krakow a few years ago thanks to a scottish stag do in our hostel, 
  it always baffles me that and i honestly thought every time people went away they ate as the locals do because that is what my family do . 
  only when i went benicasiam the other year and my mate laughed at me for wanting tapas that i realised that was n't true . 
  aye , i hate those types of places so would never go there on holiday ( brits on tour annoy me ) but over here magaluf is called shag a scruff ' which says it all really, 
  this happens to me with german and english . 
  thought i was great ordering in german like a local in hamburg until the waitress just started chatting in english to me, 
  hey , we are not all that bad and we hate the idiotic tourists as much as you . 
  well it did used to be new amsterdam ...
