  might sound daft considering your flair but is your dad scottish or english ? 
  was thinking english all the way through but the anti brexit bit threw me . 
  will never not upvote anything that shits on the s * n, 
  that and frogs legs , especially when the whole place is full of non slime producing animals to eat, 
  probably thought the security would be less tight and that he would n't be under surveillance as much, 
  i was in year 7 or 8 ( 11 or 12 years old ) and i came home from school and my mum was glued to the tv and i asked if i could put on citv ( children 's show that i watched every day ) , my mum said no and that there would n't be any cartoons today and i was really really confused . 
  she then told me that a few planes had crashed in america and all the channels where reporting on it . 
  as my dad worked in oil tankers for an american company i got scared and asked if he was safe as i knew he was over there . 
  she which said he was and that i should go play on my playstation . 
  looking back now my mum must have been terrified as dad was due to fly back later that month and no-one knew what was happening and if planes would even be able to fly to and from america, 
  no idea to be honest , but i doubt it as never see it get advertised or hear of people going . 
  i only know they speak spanish because of afcon and when i was in spanish class a few years ago we had to name all the countries that speak spanish . 
  i 'm from liverpool , hence my trip to switzerland , although it 's a shame that the europa league final got cancelled last year . 
  where about in sweden are you from ? 
  depends if you use the spanish or anglo version of continents as spanish speakers usually think of the america 's as one continent . 
  just remembered equatorial guinea speaks spanish though so guess it really should be 3 or 4 . 
  probably because most of us brit 's go on holiday or retire to spain and guess it can be used on 2 continents . 
  i am using duolingo to learn german myself but that 's because i have been germany and switzerland a few times over the last few years, 
  i used to work with a protestant and pro british northern ireland lad and he used to just put on a northern ireland flag for paddy 's day, 
  we do here in liverpool but that 's probably because everyone has irish ancestors . 
  one of the pubs here opener at 6am and the first band started playing at 8, 
  what you said , minus the scotland part, 
  oh , i saw the flag in the video but yesterday was the first time i had ever watched the video in full , so never saw the flag pop up before . 
  mostly heard it on the radio or just saw the bit with the plane turning into a giant speaker, 
  more the song just sounded hindi and the shit bollywood effects just added to my theory, 
  if it makes you feel better i always thought they were indian !, 
  never saw the end of the video before so had no idea, 
  you and the belgians can cry together, 
  to be honest as an englishman with a strong accent what annoys me the most when i am abroad is people getting my accent wrong . 
  i always get scottish , irish , australian and even had welsh once which really annoyed me . 
  do n't mind the irish one though as both nans where irish , but still the wrong country, 
  want to swap sides as apparently i 'm now in the middle of new york state, 
  shame all the rain will turn you into the world 's largest swimming pool, 
  if it did n't already have places under its control i would hope it goes the same way as virgin cola, 
  the m6 is a right pain . 
  although i do like driving past the city in an elevated position and think those 5 a side pitches on the roofs are a great idea, 
  something something mussolini and trains on time, 
  yep , got to accept . 
  i was devastated by the result but it happened so have to make the best of it . 
  i can get why people who voted remain are annoyed and feel like protesting , but much like the 45 protests in scotland the way you voted is in the minority so make the best of it, 
  a successful negotiation is when both parties leave dissapointed . 
  sound as, 
  would say english as unless they are english speaking already most countries learn english as second or third language and a pretty fluent . 
  for example a portuguese chatting to an estonian will already use english as a common tongue . 
  i do however imagine that small groups or battalions would use their own language though, 
  i see you are also a fan of subway, 
  my personal favourite is how we buy cars based on how many miles per gallon they do yet every garage sells fuel by the litre . 
  we are somewhat in between at the moment and it is n't a generation gap but an educational one . 
  i mostly measure in metric because i was in cadets and dad worked in the merchant navy so uses metric as well but i still have to use miles , feet and stones ( no idea about pounds though ) when talking to my friends or work colleagues . 
  https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/media/greenslade/2014/dec/29/newspapers-run-hot-and-cold-over-celsius-and-fahrenheit we use which ever one seems the most dramatic, 
  was probably the dentist being stupidly strict rather than brexit tbh . 
  my local dentist sends me a reminder every 6 months with a warning that if i do n't attend they will take me off the register . 
  i had to cancel an appointment the other month and got told that if i book a second appointment and miss it then i will be kicked off the register . 
  although hopefully we wo n't have to find out, 
  same man, 
  true enough , but we have that many treaties with european countries that we would be involved anyway imagine . 
  plus we could n't stand on the sidelines as we are far too close so we would get dragged into it , probably due to poland again . 
  can we in liverpool come back as some sort of city state as well . 
  suppose we will have to give the same to manchester and the others though, 
  and the proper names for plants and animals, 
  how come you say without the uk ? 
  might be leaving the eu but still a part of the continent with allies and treaties plus uk wo n't be leaving nato . 
  france also has nukes, 
  it depends on which city , but 3 to 4 days is ideal i think . 
  done a few long weekends myself around europe and do n't feel like i missed out on seeing much, 
  honestly i do n't think it will make that much difference to the military cooperation, 
  trying to find it but all i keep getting are links about turkish tourism numbers dropping or your snopes article, 
  makes sense that the 2 largest militaries would train together . 
  know you let us train against your jets before the falklands war as well which helped cement the relationship . 
  i probably should have researched the aircraft carrier before i posted, 
  the glasgow accent is so hard to understand . 
  had some girl chatting to me for about 10 minutes when i was there and i had no clue what she was saying . 
  made a nice change for me though as usually it is my scouse accent that is the one that is hard to understanding a conversation . 
  that 's true enough , a few years ago i always thought it would be a great idea and it made so much sense but now i am not so sure . 
  never even considered the arms manufacturers before but you are completely right although not to be pessimistic but i ca n't ever see there truly being a world peace but least there wo n't be as much conflict which is good for us , not for the arms industry . 
  there would definitely be a downsize and with the amount of cross training that already goes on between countries it would n't make a massive change in the training . 
  i know for example the uk and netherlands have a joint marine force already . 
  terrorism is definitely a poor excuse to create an eu army and what happens if domestic terrorism ( eta or ira for example ) returns . 
  not going to lie i had never heard of tsundere before so had to google it . 
  seems to describe our changing relationship pretty well . 
  fair enough , makes sense that you would train together more . 
  think we spread our training buddies around , though france or usa is probably the closest . 
  different subject but can you see an eu army happening ? 
  well i was guessing that the swiss air force had helicopters as well . 
  know we have the coastguard and mountain rescue which i guess would be the same as the air rescue guard but most sea , lakes and mountain rescues are still done by the raf, 
  search and rescue if someone gets lost on the alps, 
  hi this is switzerland , unfortunately we are not available at the moment and emails will not be answered until our return . 
  if you are writing to declare war on us then please contact our neighbours italy ( forzearmateitaliane@italia.it ) or france ( forcesarm\u00e9esfran\u00e7aises@francais.fr ) who will be happy to hold the line until we return . 
  not to put a downer on it , but this happened in turkey a few years ago . 
  massive forest fire and the fire helicopter scooped up a bucket of water from the sea to drop on said fire . 
  unfortunately they also scooped up a german tourist, 
  are you ? 
  i always thought we ( as much as we love to hate each other ) or germany were france 's closest ally . 
  pretty sure us and france share an aircraft carrier, 
  only usually drink it in pubs tbh as its better than fosters or carling so never knew, 
  what 's the belgian version then ? 
  always thought that here in britain we got it direct from belgium, 
  what i did n't get about db prices was the difference in fast and slow trains . 
  went from munich to nuremberg the other week and it was $ 100 for the train that takes just over an hour or $ 11 for the train that takes 1 hour and 40 minutes, 
  agree with everything in this video apart from the score being 3 nil as it was 2 1 then lampard scored but it was n't given .
