  also went a shooting range in poland where i shot a glock pistol , revolver , pump action shot gun and a ak47 so done quite a bit considering guns are not a thing here in the uk, 
  northern ireland is weird . 
  know a few lads who went over for a liverpool pre season friendly a few years ago and they were n't allowed in the liverpool supporters bar because they where english !, 
  got told to go the rangers supporters bar instead by the bouncers as no one would mind them being english there, 
  norway and yesway, 
  good to know that if i spill the salt in spain i work look like a weirdo then ha, 
  had poit\u00edn / potcheen here from my uncle which is the irish version of moonshine . 
  the stuff tastes and smells like turps , and you need half a bottle of coke to go with it . 
  does the job though so i would recommend it . 
  ww1 , entire villages and towns losing a generation of men . 
  going further back probably the norman conquests and the harrying of the north, 
  i love chatting to germans as all i talk about is football and beer . 
  only sort of backfired once when one of the 3 german lads i was chatting to was a shalke fan so did n't like me mentioning klopp . 
  do n't get why people say stuff about nazi 's to someone they do n't know . 
  only problem i have is that i 'm trying to teach myself german , and when i try speaking german , the other person always switched to english . 
  the irish , norwegians , dutch , germans and spanish are my top 5, 
  the south does n't do gravy properly , and they pay more for pints so we are not shutting than them in everything, 
  i completely blame southern england for the smugness, 
  london by far . 
  the number of times i 've spoken to people who live there who think they are better than you because they can see tower bridge from the office is ridiculous . 
  countrywide i would say either britain ( specifically the south of england ) or france, 
  i 'm the opposite , been blackpool too many times to count but never been skegness . 
  would love to see a non british tourist in those towns or rhyl, 
  we get a lot , my city alone had 4.8 million tourists stay over last year and that does n't include people who visit just for a day . 
  for some reason spanish speakers love it here so we have quite a few spanish speaking tours . 
  birds pooing on you is bad luck . 
  if you spill the salt you must throw a pinch of it over your shoulder . 
  new shoes must never be put on the table as its bad luck . 
  umbrellas must never be opened inside as its bad luck . 
  breaking a mirror is 7 years bad luck . 
  honestly , it depends what you are after . 
  for beaches it is spain , greece or turkey . 
  cheap cities with amazing architecture then go to poland or prague . 
  germany is fantastic for good food , beer and exploring . 
  i would highly recommend berlin and prague if you want a city break . 
  portugal or spain if you want a beach holiday, 
  was really confused her wondering how a swiss knows blackpool but i 'm guessing you are an expat, 
  the viz , perfectly sums us up i think, 
  to be fair if i got a rimjob from anyone , never mind a brazilian i would have to tell my mates, 
  i would say that more people are going down the not getting married route due to the costs of weddings . 
  why spent # 10k to tell people you love each other and want to stay together when you can put that money towards a house . 
  laws have changed as well to recognise co habitation so not like you need to be married to get equal rights as partners, 
  thing is though , most of these indians are actually not ran by people from india . 
  i know one ` indian ' curry house here that is ran by pakistani 's . 
  the manager said they still call themselves an indian restaurant as who hears of people saying let 's go our for a pakistani . 
  i got told i speak english really well for a european when i went chicago . 
  i 'm english , there 's a clue there, 
  never been but heard a few people say boston is similar to liverpool because of its history as a port and large irish influence and we did n't / do n't like the rest of england . 
  plus lfc and the red sox have the same owners, 
  southerners do not have gravy on chips , use the word dinner wrong ( it 's lunch , not the evening meal ) , usually less friendly and can seem rude . 
  well i was in the cadets and we used to do ` annual camps which was where we spent a week or 2 in raf bases to experience military life and do all tours , shooting and flying . 
  i managed to go on which where the only raf bases that did n't have any aircraft !, 
  that 's the closest i can think of to a summer camp, 
  ca n't we both claim it , a bit like the film grabbers, 
  uk and i have a contract with o2 . 
  i pay about # 30 a month an that includes the fee for the phone ( htc one ) , insurance and unlimited calls , texts and 3gb data, 
  fair enough , i could google it but too much effort, 
  i thought they got a salary as they are still mps , they just refuses expenses on account of never needing them, 
  sorry but that 's ridiculous . 
  it would be like when i was learning french a teacher came in from quebec who insisted on quebecois spellings . 
  meant to add if a european is learning a european language then they should learn it the way the country in europe speaks, 
  mostly drug dealers and guns here but they have cross country networks to the point where my local police force ( merseyside ) have permission to perform operations out of the uk . 
  also been a few cases of gangs blowing up atm 's and escaping in stolen sports cars, 
  shame , thought that you would definitely have to keep in touch after something like that, 
  true , but the farmers might . 
  just been looking into it and have n't got an answer but apparently we did double summer time once as an experiment so it could have been worse if that stuck !, 
  my 2 best are the 3 norwegian girls who came over to me and my 2 friends , chatted to us and bought us drinks , stuff like that does not happen to me !, 
  my favourite though was meeting a confused american family staring through the fence at the [ bombed out church ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/church_of_st_luke,_liverpool ) . 
  they asked me how they get into the cathedral and after explaining what they where looking at , i asked which cathedral they wanted to see . 
  they got confused as thought we only had one , so i walked them to the anglican which is the longest in the world and they could n't believe they had missed it . 
  they where quite pleased that paddy 's wigwam the catholic one was only 5 minutes away as well so they could see both . 
  for some reason seeing them mistake a tiny church with no roof for a giant cathedral really amused me , and hearing their oh my gosh reactions when they realised what it was and saw the main cathedral was great . 
  plus i got to help someone out and show them the city which i always love as sometimes i take the place where i live for granted, 
  no idea , probably something to do with farming, 
  that 's fantastic , would love to do something like that but i would n't have the balls to . 
  you still keep in touch with him ? 
  happy to swap passports if you want, 
  i think it is all our fault to be fair as americans do n't say this at all . 
  found this out when i was in california and a girl said to me ` you know how i know you 're english ? ' . 
  i said no and she informed me that i said ` you all right ' as a greeting and only brit 's do this . 
  spent the rest of the holiday dead conscience of how i greeted people after that . 
  we have that here as well . 
  when i finished high school the college i went to for a levels did all sorts of apprentice courses . 
  for example there was a full salon for make up and hair dressers , a restaurant form trainee chefs and a house that painters , builders etc would practice on . 
  actually more apprenticeships now as well since the government made it that all kids on finishing high school at 16 either had to do a levels or get an apprenticeship, 
  i like it purely because if we never had it i would spend all of winter going to and from work in darkness . 
  at least i get to see a bit of light when it happens, 
  i think my old french flatmate made up for the lack of being able to bise in england by shaking my hands every time i saw him . 
  was fine the first few times but then got weird especially as he did it multiple times a day , even when he got straight out of the shower ( in his towel thankfully ), 
  we seem to say words and phrases that no one else in the country uses . 
  only found this out when i moved 30 miles down the road to manchester and during a heatwave i asked my mates if anyone wanted a lolly-ice . 
  turns out the rest of britain says ice-lolly and that was just the tip of the iceberg, 
  should go over to canada , you would fit right in . 
  we definitely do have them over here as some went off by ours the other year when lightening struck a power station and set them all off . 
  thing is though ashworth hospital is 5 miles one way and the industrial park with chemical plants 5 miles the other way , so not sure which ones got triggered , i 'm guessing the chemicals, 
  only people i knew at school who worked only worked in family businesses , and even then it was just of a weekend or helping out with deliveries before school once or twice a week . 
  not sure about now , but i know when i left school at 16 i got got given # 30 a week ema ( educational mantainence allowance ) to pay for my train etc with bonuses every few weeks . 
  i did also have a part time job in a shop by college but when i had exams i cut down my hours, 
  usually i usually spend # 80 but it depends on whether i drink spirits or not and that cost also includes # 20 for a taxi home . 
  my starter bar is # 3.90 for triples or # 2.50 for pints so that helps keep the cost down .
