  are n't irish and english both official languages in ireland ? 
  or is `` national but not really bothered with much '' like scots gaelic ? 
   british people living in spain pass a spanish test . 
  yeah , the basics at least , totally agreed . 
  not necessarily to the level of an in-depth conversation about some remote subject , but enough to manage the daily stuff - shops , entertainment , small talk , how to call an emergency service , etc. 
   its main job is simply keeping an eye on the mayor to ensure that he does n't overstep his place considering boris , that does n't sound like an easy job . 
  ( although to his credit he has done some good things . ), 
  and thanks !, 
  embarrassingly , i 've never heard of the london assembly - is that for the council and mayor ? 
  / r/aberdeen i think the christmas tree is a gift from one of aberdeen 's twinned cities ? 
  looking on wiki , i 'd guess at stavanger , norway . 
   the british and irish can vote in each other 's general elections not quite true . 
  in northern ireland , citizens can choose to be of british nationality , irish nationality , or both , and count as citizens of both countries i think . 
  while ni citizens can vote in the general elections of both countries , scotland , england and wales ca n't vote in irish elections and i do n't think citizens of ireland ( other than ni ) can vote in the uk elections . 
   in the eea , you still have to register with the authorities within three months of entering the country is that true of erasmus ? 
  because if not , oops i spent nine months potentially breaking international law . 
  well , i imagine the papers would have blown it up with or without the original source being twitter . 
  remembrance sunday was last week , but remembrance day was on monday . 
  poppys are traditionally worn , originally as part of a movement not to forget the atrocities of the war and commemorate the soldiers who died . 
  [ a newscaster received a lot of racist and sexist abuse over her decision not to wear a poppy while working ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/nov/13/itv-news-presenter-poppy-slurs ) , in her case mainly to avoid giving the british legion charity any exposure that she would n't give to the other charities she supports . 
  some other public figures also choose not to wear the poppy , with varying levels of outcry . 
  [ jon snow ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jon_snow ) , another newscaster , has not been wearing it on air for years . 
  some people , including [ a wwii veteren ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/nov/08/poppy-last-time-remembrance-harry-leslie-smith ) have publicly stated they do not or will not wear the poppy due to it being changed from a symbol of remembrance to a symbol of soldier-worship and used as justification for new wars . 
  oh your mention of quiet news week reminded me of : - teenage girls win hallowe'en costume prize wearing inappropriate costumes . 
  lives ruined by press because slow news day and bad decision-making skills . 
  ** united kingdom ** * many of us were amused at [ some french teenagers stealing a llama and taking it on a tram ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/drunken-french-teenagers-abduct-a-circus-llama-and-take-him-on-a-tram-ride-8920524.html ) i 'm not actually sure what happened in the uk this week . 
  they 're still different passports with different countries and languages . 
  i love the free travel within europe ( us and ireland excepting ) too , although am used to carrying my passport when travelling . 
  while within the schengen area passports are unnecessary , it can still matter to the ` outside ' world which particularly part of the eu your passport is from . 
  for example , citizens from some parts of the eu reuire a visa to visit canada but others do n't [ ( source ) ] ( http://wikitravel.org/en/visa_summary_for_eu_citizens ), 
  which is n't always accepted in england . 
  understandable though , there are three different producers of scottish banknotes , whereas in england they have one . 
  what gets me though is places that refuse scottish notes , but will happily take euros . 
  you 're right with the currency mostly , but each country still has its own passport . 
  there 's no eu passport ( yet ) . 
  i got ta say , i love seeing the flag of macedonia . 
  reminds me what the sun is . 
  `` anyone but england '' is a slogan that comes up reasonably often in football contexts . 
  to be honest , i would n't say it 's a majority of the country - but of the subsection of fans who care about football , there 's a reasonably large group . 
  for other sports where we 're not split into the four countries , it 's not usually a problem , but it is in football . 
  flight of the conchords , yes . 
  the thing that i love is that the * `` ca va ? 
  ca va. '' * conversation is legitimate french . 
  they should serve fish and chips during the journey , just to rub it in . 
  * take that , local wildlife !, 
  phoenix as well . 
  paris to the french is ( unsurprisingly ) like london to the british . 
  the big city is full of busy rude people , who would want to move there ? 
  conversely - the countryside is full of hicks and no city luxuries at all , who would want to move there ? 
  england could be playing * against * that team , and most scottish support would still be hoping for an english loss . 
  `` you are english ? 
  pfft . '', 
  `` you are scottish ?!?!?!, 
  ` ave you seen braveheart ? '', 
  try learning the scottish variant of gaelic just to be confusing . 
  to be fair , many non-english speakers can successfully do that to native english speakers . 
  of all the countries in europe that speak english , the uk is definitely not the best . 
  your reading is correct based on that single article i think , but other articles also come into play . 
   everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family , including food , clothing , housing and medical care and necessary social services , and the right to security in the event of unemployment , sickness , disability , widowhood , old age or other lack of livelihood in circumstances beyond his control . 
  - [ article 26 ( 1 ) ] ( http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/ ) arguably a refugee may be there due to circumstances within or outwith his/her control , but if it ca n't be proved either way the human thing to do would be treat them as if it is not due to their actions . 
  helps though . 
  sounds true enough , i 'll believe that . 
  this is reinforcing my feeling that dutch is just english with an extreme accent . 
  does n't schipol translate roughly as ` boat graveyard ' or something ? 
  just so you feel more reassured about landing there . 
  once upon a time it had a branch and a line that extended out from the circle too !, 
  you can live near aberdeen for ten years and * still * have problems with dorric . 
  = = `` where abouts are you from ? '', 
  glasgow is bigger than edinburgh so ... you could says it 's miles better ? 
  scotland likes immigrants , we recognise the value you bring to the country !, 
  also london is n't special by having the tube . 
  glasgow also has an underground system !, 
  it 's much less complex too ( therefore making it better ) because it is a single loop track so even if you go in the wrong direction you 'll still get to your destination !, 
  welll , he knew fine well what she was saying but thought chairs would be funnier . 
  tonesullock , not a lovely name , gotcha !, 
  ok , flip it over - imagine a posh person saying cheers in english ... 
  she then said it a lot when having drinks . 
  ireland , how do you feel about your contributions to the world of pop music , like b * witched , westlife and the corrs ? 
  follow up : what would you recommend as modern irish music ? 
  well it 's not their royal family , so sure . 
  good mates across the water . 
  an irishman once told me about how a fella he knew once told a posh-sounding englishwoman the gaelic for `` chairs '' , which i think is hilarious . 
  can we keep the good looking ones though ? 
  vikings stole many of ours in history and we 're still recovering, 
  that 's why you do n't run with them !, 
  eh , they generally called them in first to minimise civilian casualties and fatalities . 
  not that that makes it okay of course . 
  britain had been a pretty massive jerk to ireland , it 's was n't completely unprovoked violence . 
  yeah , i was being kinda tongue-in-cheek , as i do n't think something like that really holds much strength in a war zone . 
  i do think she crossed , at the minimum , lines involving journalistic integrity which should be dealt with within her profession . 
  inciting violence ? 
  is it arizona that has the crazy bit ? 
  the state observes it , but there 's a reservation inside that does n't , but there 's a small chunk of the reservation that does ? 
  in aberdeen currently , formal sunset is about 10pm and sunrise is about 4am . 
  it 's lighter for a fair bit after/before though , so you can go to a nightclub when it 's light , drink for a few hours , and then walk home in the new daylight . 
  until recently , i just kinda thought that if you want west from the uk , you 'd reach the boston-philly chunk of the usa . 
  i did n't realise that britain was mostly in line with barely inhabited canada . 
  i feel they kinda went `` ah fuck it , close enough , ca n't be bothered going all the way around '' with scotland . 
  hey maybe we could do that in our own nations and save on the shipping costs, 
   is that an ex post facto law or what ?
