  most members of the house of lords are n't elected , so yes that selection method would definitely need to be changed . 
  another problem is that scotland , wales and northern ireland all have * different levels * of devolution , so either that would need to be standardised ( unlikely ) , or the issue of british mps voting on things that do n't affect their particular country is still there . 
  it really would be best to create an english body to deal with english matters - even * if * scottish/welsh/n . irish mps in the uk parliament did n't vote on matters that did n't affect their constituencies , the ruling party would have still been decided by britain , not england . 
  still good old pencil and paper here ... 
  we had the square and the box !, 
  and in general , the media coverage has been about conchita , not thomas . 
  as another example , if you 're born in the channel islands ( which are not part of the uk ) , you are a british citizen and may - or may not - have the usual eu free movement rights . 
  however if you 're trying to enter the channel islands , you do not have free movement , although they freely trade in many areas . 
  [ while britain still has the pitcairn islands , ~ ~ and until the solar eclipse in 2432 ~ ~ , this is true for the british 'em pire ' ] ( http://what-if.xkcd.com/48/ ) edit : read the * whole * thing, 
  more money , by allowing greater loopholes or removing things that help the lower classes like benefits . 
  i think it 's completely unfair that scottish mps can vote in issues that only affect england or england/wales , e.g. 
  university tuition fees . 
  england should have an equivalent level of devolved parliament , with the british parliament existing for the powers that have not or can not be devolved ( e.g. 
  national defence , foreign relations ) . 
  there 's often a subtle undercurrent of politics though . 
  look at the booing that russia got this year anytime they got points . 
  and the uk got zero the year that the iraq war started , although in part the entry was shit too . 
  fun eurovision trivia : from the phone-in vote , poland came first in the uk . 
  from the judges ' votes , poland came last or second last in the uk . 
  it 's actually a pretty dumb system that just requires a text entry , rather than an actual correct postcode . 
  the line `` enter na if you do not have a postcode '' is not enough for users . 
   the long anticipated development of postcodes is beginning . 
  eircode ( the buiness tasked with developing and implementing the system ) launched its website my scottish work 's systems will soon be able to stop freaking out every time we try to enter an irish address !, 
  we need to talk about kevin ... 
  obligatory comment from a scotsman that no-one should be surprised that the flag of the uk 's capital is basically just the flag of england . 
  ( friendly jest ! ), 
  til somehow we 're not the worst despite deep frying anything that can be classed as food ninja edit : clearly england , wales and northern ireland are keeping the average acceptable, 
  it 's as real as england is . 
  and i thought the uk `` better together '' campaign was bad ... 
  scotland , i want to see a white cross inside it . 
  fluid mechanics can be damned . 
  - * braveheart * ( semi-fictionalised history ) - * brave * ( fictionalised feeling of the highlands ) - * trainspotting * ( central belt ) there 's got ta be something else though ... 
  because british films do n't feel like they qualify for this , i most recently watched * l'auberge espagnole * ( pot luck ) and its sequel , * les pup\u00e9es russes * ( russian dolls ) , both written and directed by c\u00e9dric klapisch . 
  i think the first one really captures the erasmus feeling , it 's great . 
  i apologise though that people like wendy 's brother actually exist . 
  edit : countries featured are france , spain ( catalonia ) and russia . 
  characters from france , spain , catalonia , denmark , uk , belgium , germany , italy , usa , and russia . 
  linguistic fun !, 
  what i imagine could happen is that scotland inherit the exemption from schengen and become part of the current uk/ireland common travel area situation . 
  the geographical reasoning for the uk being exempt from schengen is still true regardless of whether we 're one or multiple countries . 
  scottish notes do usually work in england , although some places will refuse them ; the english notes get accepted without a blink in scotland . 
  i reckon this is mostly due to a lack of familiarity with them , and how we have three variations of each denomination compared to england 's single one . 
  i double check northern irish notes because i do n't see them that often , personally . 
  but yes , the idea works !, 
  although then there is a larger issue of being tied to the euro 's exchange rates , standing as a currency etc rather than being separate . 
  you are correct about the border control issue . 
  i believe most folk are smart enough to realise british isles does not imply british ownership . 
  however , i do know some english folk that believe scotland is simply another county within england so i 'd be sadly unsurprised if i was wrong . 
  however british is used as an almost completely political term nowadays , and only used geographically in the sense of `` british isles '' . 
  so referring to ireland as british is * always * going to be a cause of friction . 
  those sales at the 99p shops are serious business !, 
  also , `` mold '' is a very unwelsh name . 
  hoorah for democracy !, 
  on a serious note , it 's unlikely that ukip will ever achieve much power within the united kingdom as they 're mostly a bunch of racist twats , but sadly there 's a certain section of the uk population who like them for that reason . 
  well , this is n't evidence at all , but i bought more from the us when # 1 = = $ 2ish than i do nowadays when it 's # 1 = = $ 1.50 ish . 
  and the irish bars of the world need to get their guinness somehow ... 
  and the patchwork still exists , as the legal system in england/wales is rather different to the legal system in scotland as they progressed from different bases . 
  yup . 
  i believe the uk 's stance is `` we do n't want to be in schengen '' , and ireland 's stance is `` we do n't want to be in schengen unless the uk changes their mind '' . 
  there 's been an unwritten agreement , usually known as the common travel area , on and off since 1923 , and a `` memo of understanding '' ( i.e. 
  a non-legally binding document ) was signed by the uk and ireland in 2011 . 
  so there is an agreement between the two countries , but not a legal one as such . 
  [ [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_travel_area ) ], 
  think it depends where you are . 
  for beer anyway in france , it tends to be served in half-pints rather than proper ones , and i think it 's 500ml instead of 568ml too . 
  but in germany i like to pretend they only ever drink from massive steins . 
  and college in scotland never means university , which means i get irrationally annoyed by irish students studying here and calling it the wrong name - although less so than students from further afield referring to university as `` school '' . 
  and then i have another pint and all is good with the world . 
  the private/public one is annoying too , though as / u/britishredditor pointed out it 's a historical meaning . 
  smaller volumes of booze too . 
  is n't anyone who is n't from yorkshire a bloody foreigner to that lot ? 
  i ca n't wait til scotland gets independence and then we can also enter eurovision , and sneak bagpipes in to any kind of genre of music that we please and inflict it on the eu stage . 
  so do the other 3 % . 
  but then there 's another issue - half of northern ireland do n't feel that there is a border because they are irish citizens too . 
  i think it 's because the uk is an island . 
  it 's very easy to go `` we are here , they are there '' when there 's an ocean in the way . 
  but on mainland europe , there is n't that obvious boundary - yes , france stops on this line and italy starts but it 's less defined because you can jump on a bus/train and be there pretty easily . 
  and here 's something funny - in scotland we never refer to ` sixth form ' and your final year is definitely still part of school , because we have the different education systems . 
  considering that , often many folk in the uk do n't seem to know that they 're british in addition to english/scottish/welsh ( / irish ) , it does n't surprise me that many folk do n't identify with being eu . 
  it 's still news , in a way . 
  i 'd prefer it to have been in the style of `` hooray !, 
  new friends join us '' but either way the bbc would n't have been able to ignore it considering the fuss in the political arena about immigration . 
  and there 's about a million brits currently living in spain , no doubt some of which are claiming similar benefits but in the opposite direction . 
  i 've been looking but i ca n't find anything . 
  i had read somewhere ( or thought i had read somewhere ) that there was a policy or something of the eu that ensured citizens of countries in the eu were treated as eu citizens . 
  and an eu citizen had a right to their european nationality , regardless of other factors . 
  thanks for the response . 
  i almost asked a daft question regarding what happens to the fact that i am currently british , but have realised that i 'm confusing citizenship and nationality into the same package - they 're not . 
  uk citizenship would cease when scottish citizenship began , but my birth nationality is british regardless ; i assume i 'd be able to start claiming scottish as a legal nationality though having been born there . 
  looking at [ wiki 's info on british citizenship ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_nationality ) it does look like a bit of a mess . 
  i presume that , while i would remain a british national ( certainly ) or citizen ( maybe ) , the laws of the remaining uk would likely be changed to exclude those domiciled in scotland from eu citizenship - i see other countries have done similar for dependant territories , and the uk already has those provisions for some places e.g. 
  isle of man . 
  i 'd presume that legally , the scottish legal system and laws ( assuming current legislation from the scottish parliament would stay valid ) have had to conform to eu requirements so there would not be a long time needed to correct those - after all , while scotland would probably be ` new ' to the eu officially , they 've also been in it for a lengthy time . 
  but yeah , i see the headache everyone involved is having . 
  spain for a start would never want anything to happen that could help catalonia break off . 
  i suppose then , does the fact that i am currently an eu citizen alter anything in that the self-determination of scotland is encouraged but does doing that in the process then mess up my current , existing ( non-sovereign ) eu citizenship ? 
  yeah , do n't the eu have a thing about citizens of the eu having a right to their eu citizenship ? 
  therefore , the scots currently alive have the right to be eu citizens and all the associated benefits , which can not easily be removed even if scotland ends up outside the eu , although any children born or immigrants after the date of independence would not be eu citizens . 
   ( there is this stereotype of catalonians being scrooges , not unlike scottish people ) . 
  i want to argue , but the north of scotland is pretty tight .
