  dammit . 
  that 's one of the things the eu convention of human rights protects a person from , so i sadly would n't be surprised if the uk fail to add that in if/when they kick out of the eu and draft their own . 
  nor is ireland , pretty much only because of their land border with the uk . 
  that 's the thing , it would n't affect you calling out but it * would * affect people calling/texting you . 
  internet-based services like skype obviously not effected . 
  wrappers , multiple routing options for packets , and so on ... 
  i know enough to stay away from knowing more !, 
  and ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) , streaming video * usually * uses an identifiably-different type of streamed data to regular http requests so an isp could single out ` streaming video ' without necessarily picking just netflix . 
  yeah . 
  roaming only affects where you are , not where you are calling to . 
  so if i got a cheap contract from spain to use in the uk , none of my british friends would text/call me cause it would cost a fortune to contact my new `` cheap '' spanish number . 
  vodafone 's euro passport also applies in switzerland . 
  and liechtenstein , not sure if it 's relevant to this comment chain though . 
  because humans as a group are stupid . 
  individual humans can still do little things to try and make life better for everyone though . 
  ok , yeah , that 's probably a bigger factor , but there 's economies of scale involved : if you 're the only farmhouse in a 50 square mile area , or in a small village 20 miles from the nearest big town , it 's harder to recoup the costs of installing those high speed lines . 
  a huge chunk of their country is in the middle of nowhere , where running fibre cables would be almost prohibitively expensive , but the well connected cities balance it out a bit . 
  it 's actually common for post to get sent incorrectly to the wrong austria/australia , so i think they 're well aware of ech other . 
  is electro swing such a big thing ? 
  last year poland ranked very low everywhere from jury voting , but very high everywhere from televoting . 
  but that was for different reasons . 
  for context , britain fielded a worse than average act , but this was also the first eurovision after they joined the us in invading iraq . 
  i was thinking it could be claimed as a gibraltar thing . 
  come to the uk , where a good chunk of the country uses multiple alternate banknotes !, 
  at least in ireland they have gaelic/irish on the signs, 
  there is also an enclave of spain in france , and enclaves of germany and italy inside switzerland . 
  the problem is that it leads to ` tactical voting ' because voting for anyone who is not one of the main parties can be seen as a wasted vote . 
  a stable government should not be a stale one . 
  pr ( or a version of ) would definitely allow some of the smaller parties a larger voice , and while that would include parties like ukip and bnp who i disagree with , they 'd still be tempered by the larger , more popular , parties , and the system would be fairer . 
  well you never see the dragon chained up , but then it was killed by a knight ... 
  i like it, 
  mashup of all members ' flags ? 
  i 'm actually impressed that someone managed to do that . 
  i mean , shame as the money could have been better used but damn , the audacity to submit that as the end result . 
  icelandic elves , scottish unicorn , nordic trolls ... 
  no worries , i 'd kinda forgotten that northern europe has a coastline too . 
  no , what i meant is that if a single one of the mediterranean-facing countries did n't enforce it , the boats would just go there and it would undermine the efforts of the others - as once in mainland europe , cross border travel is generally not restricted due to the schenghen agreement . 
  we 're talking about just the boats , not the entire immigration policy right ? 
  the different is , australia is a single country so can impose it relatively easily , whereas europe is n't and would rely on the cooperation of all coastal countries to enforce it fully - any weak link would make it pointless . 
  we 'd also need to find somewhere to put our detention camps , not as many islands in the mediterranean as there are in the pacific - and i 've heard the ` not australian , honest ' camps are n't exactly conditions that a modern country should be proud of . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't  for both parties , it 's about context and figuring out what the person is trying to say . 
  i know i would have no chance at danish ( i 've been there , i can manage tak but any danish word with more letters just looks like madness ) but if i visit again , i 'd probably be showing the needed phrase on my phone screen rather than guessing its pronunciation . 
  many people , especially the below 30s group , can speak english in many places , or at least enough english to help you if it 's sensible questions . 
  berlin , everyone seems friendly enough and a lot of the time switch to english , though not always . 
  ( i only know 1-3 , please , thanks , and , with , hello , yes , no . ), 
  france , it 's definitely about your attitude going in . 
  japan , less able but because the written language is so different , pretty much every place-name is also written in western characters so it 's easy enough to get around and pronouncing them with english phonetics is pretty close , anyway not so much english but very helpful and you can always point at something . 
  quebec is almost french in attitude . 
  the us and australia , well they try  poland , again also friendly and will switch . 
  taiwan , pretty difficult with just english . 
  philippines and fiji , easy enough as english is ( one of ) the common language across the countries as there are lots of local languages/dialects . 
  although having travelled/lived for a bit , you learn the beats even if you do n't know the words . 
  gesturing at your empty plates at a table ? 
  probably asking to take them away . 
  and so on . 
  travel abroad and see how many places have english and often a third nearby language on their safety signs and tourism stuff . 
  its not a bad idea . 
  i want to correct you to ` english-speaking tourists ' but that would imply the english are n't guilty of it too . 
  are n't icelanders in general against teaching foreigners the language ? 
  because we butcher the hell out of it ? 
  ps well done on shutting down eu airspace to boost your tourism , it has worked !, 
  agreed , from scotland . 
  please , thank you , and ` sorry i do n't speak ___ do you speak ___ ? ', 
  should be a minimum . 
  yes/no and some numbers up to three or four also helpful . 
  i do n't always stick to that ( currently backpacking so a new language every week or two ) but i try . 
  hey our scottish flag kinda has a nordic cross on it can we come and play ? 
  adding australia would be ridiculous, 
  it 'd be hilarious if they won . 
  now with bonus australians !, 
  ( map of scotland goes here ), 
  that sounds beautiful, 
  that must be what i had heard . 
  thanks for the correction !, 
   eu member countries also are n't equivalent to us territories : people from french overseas territories are french citizens , and treated as such by other countries in the world . 
  although because politics is fun , there 's a bunch of places ( like the channel islands and isle of man i think ) that are sorta part of the uk but are n't part of the eu . 
   why not just get rid of passports of its members and issue eu passports ? 
  semantics , but i remember reading that we do all have an eu passport ; we just have 28 variants of it that also have our country 's name on . 
  go to londonderry and pronounce the first six letters too !, 
  ( the joke is that all locals just call it derry because fuck london . ), 
  your esta crap is annoying too so if they 're equivalent , it 's fair . 
  i like their multi-fruit/veg juice cartons that somehow taste like tomato soup despite having no tomatoes in them . 
  i think it 's all context . 
  on the one hand , i 've got about # 35k of student loan debt which is a lot of money for most people . 
  on the other hand , it 's automatically paid back in small increments from my paycheck like a tax and in theory matches inflation so never cost me ` more ' , so it 's practically nothing . 
  as a scot , i think it 's a ridiculous filthy loophole . 
  and i really do n't like how scottish universities price-gouge the ruk students either . 
  i love that scotland has free education ( and it should be true south of the border too ) but it 's unfair how they get away with treating ruk students differently to eu students . 
  ( euro law : you got ta treat students from other eu countries the same as your home students . 
  so in scotland , where the university academic fees are paid by the government , that also applies for students coming across from mainland europe . 
  however , the key point is * other * eu countries - england , wales and ni are n't separate countries in this context , and therefore scottish unis can charge quite a lot more to students who are normally resident in those areas . ), 
  depends where you are - a university degree is free if you are normally domiciled ( living ) in scotland . 
  england/wales have significant fees , but then again student loans tend to cover and are one of the most reasonable debts you can have in terms of paying it back . 
  stubbornly ignorant perhaps ? 
  a refusal to accept they might be wrong when you present them with the correct facts . 
  why is your sweet oil money good and ours is so bad, 
  ca n't be - i was in a regular non-denom school 98-04 and it was there , and the school had two permanent teachers for it ( plus two others for geography , and two for history ) . 
  my only idea is if you were at a small school that could n't fund the extra teacher ( s ) , but it was a core subject, 
  irony being some of the things we take for granted in the uk - eg working time directives , significant amounts of holidays - are in place and/or protected entirely due to our inclusion within the eu . 
  but `` eu is bad '' go half the newspapers ...
