unusual though , as there 's minimum wage laws , and most other jobs tend to declare salary in the adverts . 
  thanks for giving us robin hood and ... tea ? 
  the ugliest of the airbuses !, 
  it 's impressive as hell , but still ... 
  yeah , i think a riot in glasgow would be for glaswegian reasons only , and a lot of scottish cities would be similar . 
  my ` favourite ' riot story - and i use favourite lightly , because it was n't a fun time - were the kids who tried to incite a riot in glasgow . 
  the silly buggers posted publicly on facebook about it , and were visited by the police before they could actually do anything . 
  it 's geographic , and based entirely on where you 've been living for the previous three ( ? ), 
  years . 
  so it 's less `` are you scottish '' and more `` have you been living in scotland '' . 
  in that sense , it 's a bit like different councils dictating their own local tax rates and you paying whatever your local one says . 
  i do n't agree with it , but that 's why it does n't fall foul of any of the normal discrimination laws - race and nationality have nothing to do with the decision making . 
  yup . 
  scotland 's education is free for your first uni degree , and a devolved issue so stays separate from any overall-uk decision . 
  the eu rules mandate that european citizens from outside your country must be treated the same as a citizen within the country for education , but they do n't have a say at what happens within the country ( for this , anyway ) . 
  because the criteria is based purely on being domiciled in scotland - a geographic matter , nothing to do with race or background - it does n't fall foul of any of the usual discrimination rules either . 
  in order to get the free education , you just have to live normally ( `` ordinarily resident '' ) within scotland for three ( ? ), 
  years prior to the start of your course - i 'm not sure but i think it just requires proof of address/es for the appropriate time scale . 
  it 's bizarre and completely unfair , but justified by scottish institutions as making up for recent funding cuts . 
  i * think * the funding is managed on a uk-wide basis though , despite the different entry/cost requirements . 
  ( note : there is , or was , a loophole with northern irish students coming in using irish passports instead of uk ones , to qualify for the benefits of being a european student . ), 
  before the eu elections , i was walking past the hilarious juxtaposition of ukip ads decrying being part of the bigger eu and better together ads saying it 's a good thing to be part of the bigger uk . 
  it 's all about scale . 
  nigel farage though , would n't wish that on either side . 
  but that 's part of the problem - to draw these tiny states/islands properly and visibly , you have to misrepresent their size on the map . 
  `` the airport has london in the name so it must be near london '' you make that mistake once , though at least there 's trains from all of the london airports into london city proper . 
  you 'd need to have the security for trains entering uk or irish territory , as neither country is part of the schengen agreement . 
  there 's passport control on the eurostar , but i do n't recall the additional security theatre . 
  there are also some islands missing from the northwest of the uk . 
  considering however that the channel islands do not appear on the map ( and therefore can not be shaded incorrectly or unshaded correctly ) , i suspect the vatican city would take up a fraction of a pixel and be very difficult to show on the map at all . 
  \\* not in scotland although for what it 's worth , scottish mps should n't have been allowed to vote in that , and i think it 's unfair that scottish unis use a loophole to charge ruk students fees when european students get the same free tuition that scottish students do . 
  you and / u/itz4mna have just managed to summarise the most important arguments ( in my opinion ) for and against scottish independence . 
  were the rankings for e.g. 
  life expectancy simply averaged , or weighted too ? 
  you meant no offence , just a geography mistake , no worries , 
  faster escaping ? 
  you have a nice water ... thing beside the railway station btw . 
  you 'd either need a pretty long ferry , or some time at each end shunting individual carriages about . 
  south west for independence 2016, 
  ireland too , because the land border with the uk kinda requires them to stay outside of schengen . 
  just fyi , you either mean scotland or the uk - or i 'm missing something completely - because the closest looking points between the two islands sees to be roughly in the area of belfast-stranraer, 
  even the giants gave up trying to build a bridge between ireland and scotland . 
  there 's a reason the main route up ben nevis is known colloquially as the `` tourist path '' . 
  but as is true of the entire country , the weather is extremely changeable and due to the elevation , you can leave a warm sunny day at the base and see snowdrifts in the cold at the top . 
  so if you do summit it , be prepared . 
  ( also , the five-finger gully is slightly terrifying if you have problems with heights , as the tourist path is only a few meters away from the lip of it . ), 
  having trouble wrapping my head arund that one - is it because the size of the base of the mountain is so huge that the peak is sufficiently far away that it is past the horizon line ? 
  english : we do n't have stuff like that , except when we 've blatantly stolen words from other languages . 
  gaelic ( both irish and scottish ) : we might have a letter with an accent , but to balance it out we just do n't use all the letters . 
  welsh : every word must contain three times as many consonants than necessary . 
  nsfw for uk , because we 're like euro-lite . 
  bikes , buses , and boris . 
  i 'm more interested in the cinema behind it claiming that titanic is as good as flubber . 
  ** bullshit ** , flubber is a masterpiece . 
  does the bus between queen st and central station actually say that , or was it a one-off funny driver ? 
  does n't network noel have all the stick he needs already ? 
  but if they 're earning lots then arguably they have a social responsibility to their area ? 
  what is the problem with only affording three cars on your salary instead of four , you 're still doing well for yourself . 
  toulouse : where everyone you know and meet works for airbus , or is working on a project that will go to airbus, 
  it has aircraft warning lights on the top of it , that 's ridiculous !, 
  up north there 's a few in codona 's ( aberdeen ` fun ' beach ) and at m&d s in glasgow . 
  tivoli gardens is pretty cool though , second oldest as a park according to wikipedia . 
  i really enjoyed the * himmelskibet * , amazing views . 
  this sounds like science . 
  * quick !, 
  to alton towers ... *, 
  we like polite discourse , tea , shortbread , and thrilling loop-the-loops, 
  was going to post a brighton & hove taxi too , they 're the only place i know of in the uk with a distinct style of taxi ( apart from london 's black cabs ) . 
  i just watched a french film ( * two days in paris * by julie delpy ) and the taxi drivers in that are exactly as you have described . 
  let 's take the aussie approach and just go for a beer ? 
  hey everyone , we found the person who understands esperanto !, 
  * of course * it 's not that simple , it 's been created in the uk , i should have remembered that !, 
  it 's kind of ironic how some schools seem to have changed to polar opposites of their roots . 
  no , sorry i was n't clear . 
  the legislation against creationism , in op 's original article , is about free schools and academies ( the `` small subset '' i was meaning - free schools are only a few % of total english schools ) . 
  because they do n't have to follow the national curriculum ( nc ) that the government supplies , this legislation is in place to prevent them teaching it as science fact . 
  these free schools ( and some academies ) are a relatively new idea , many are started by religious organisations , and :  free schools will also benefit from the same freedoms and flexibilities as academies , including [ ... ] freedom from following the national curriculum [ ( p3 , uk gov note , pdf ) ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/briefing-papers/sn06058.pdf ) but most english schools - also state-funded ones but not free schools or some academies - * do * have to follow the national curriculum . 
  i would assume the nc already prevents teaching creationism as science fact . 
  the fact is though that those schools have to follow the nc , and the government controls the nc . 
  i agree with you that having independent specialists overseeing what the nc requires would be a good idea , but i 'm not sure if that happens or not in the nc , and i suspect that a government could change the nc to their needs if desired . 
  therefore , if a government wanted to change something in the curriculum , such as preventing teaching about the holocaust , it can be done via the nc which would cover the majority of english schools . 
  you 're probably right that legislation is n't the right way to go about it , but there 's no other method to restrict the teaching in these new free schools . 
  so my point was , your scenario could already happen in england via control of the nc . 
  in most schools ( and not the small subset referred to in the article ) the government already controls what is taught via the national curriculum in england , or through other processes in scotland , wales and northern ireland . 
  so basically , if any of the countries get a loony party in charge , we 're already screwed . 
  welcome to the uk , a mishmash of so many ridiculous and contradictory parts , including basically everything being slightly-but-not-totally-different in scotland like money and law , those minor things . 
  oh i think i finally understand now - originally it was just the hereditary elite , then `` public schools '' opened to include the rich , and finally schools that were actually for all of the public opened . 
  english language just stole bits from * everywhere * . 
  and i here i just thought that irish students at gb universities just used the irish versions of their name to hide their facebooks from employers and other students . 
  well , no . 
  ni and scotland are n't the same for a start , but also our ` ethnic minority ' msps are either dead or still serving in their posts . 
  [ [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_minority_british_politicians#list_of_ethnic_minority_scottish_parliament_members ) ], 
  no , [ that happened in northern ireland ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-27616319 ), 
  scotland is almost certainly snp , snp , lab , lab , con , ukip but we still have one council to declare ( western isles , who do n't do vote counting on a sunday , like the good god-fearing folk everyone should be ) . 
  it 'll be known for certain by tomorrow afternoon though . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-27568671 ) . 
  wi sarcasm free of charge . ), 
  well , if you did , you 'd need to move any fully national issues up to the house of lords . 
  in which case , you 'd need to create an additional higher body to oversee that - and it 's probably easier to spin off a lower-level devolved parliament than to get the lords to agree to something that is of a higher-level than them . 
  plus , the british parliament has already got plenty of experience with devolved powers : the scottish parliament , welsh assembly , and the various northern ireland agreements and setups .
