  my guess is it 'd probably be a topic within the modern studies class which you can take after third year in scotland ( english curriculum may be different ) . 
  you get modern studies , geography or history as ` proper subjects ' in high school but only normally do one - but then you do basic levels of all three for at least two so i 'm sure it would have been mentioned at some point . 
  hell , i could n't even tell you how many counties there are in just scotland . 
  i could make a fair guess , probably name and place most of them , but i would n't be able to tell you all that without some thought . 
  sure . 
  but is every muslim in denmark an immigrant ? 
  putting aside religion , many citizens of a country wish it would be a little bit more [ their preference of choice ] . 
   there is no android without the play store , just a crippled , featureless mobile os . 
  right . 
  but to preinstall the play store , suppliers * must * install the full suite of google apps . 
  this gives google chrome and google 's search services an advantage over their various competitors . 
  the eu have a problem with companies using their strength in one market to force success in another . 
  its not specifically about the phones , but bundled software and services . 
  the group of android phones win the monopoly fairly by being better . 
  however , google makes android and it is generally bundled with the chrome browser and google 's own search service - both competitive services in their own right . 
  microsoft was fined for a very similar issue a few years ago - by making internet explorer the only bundled browser with windows , they were giving it an advantage over firefox , chrome et al. 
  that 's only a fraction of the things the mail has stated cause cancer . 
  i am convinced there are a few things that doing will cause cancer , and not doing will also cause cancer , according to the mail . 
  does she complain about immigrants ( in either uk or oz ) too ? 
  no worries , easily done !, 
  would n't that be 10 mins plus 10 mins ? 
  the second road is half the distance of the first but also at half at the speed . 
  hah , spot on . 
  no spexific sources as such , just bitter about the brexit vote . 
  however : * british farming receives european subsidies * a large number of regeneration projects have been part-funded by the eu , especially in cities around the north of england . 
  * anecdotally , the number of signs i see that state eu funding was involved a quick google gives https://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/may/31/what-has-the-eu-ever-done-for-my-town as a rough overview . 
  that a surprising amount of eu funding goes to british projects , services and industries . 
  seems like half my country does n't know that . 
  ni citizens can also choose which nationality ( or both ) they would like to be , so it makes sense building on that . 
  can you try also explaining that to londoners please ? 
  so that when something bad happens , scotland can pretend we are not involved instead of being 10 % responsible . 
   neeps , tatties , and wild machair-raised haggis neeps = turnips ( also called swedes , not related to the swedish ) tatties = potatoes ( sorry latvia ) haggis = delicious especially when free-range and not factory-farmed, 
  agreed . 
  and half of our immigration , which is from non-eu countries , is entirely within our control yet the government makes no efforts to change that while blaming eu immigrants for stealing our jobs etc. 
  more registered companies than citizens !, 
  `` countries '' is the word you 're looking for . 
  schengen does n't really alter freedom of movement , except for requiring border checks - but ultimately the same people cross the same borders either way . 
  i suspect they have to put something on to note that yes , this is a communication from an official brand of the campaign , but they way they 've done it is so misleading . 
  8pm in the uk because we 're currently in bst . 
  so , you 're correct . 
  you can look up results on the official eurovision website . 
  ca n't find the original split table of popular/jury votes now but that was where i got my figures two years ago . 
  its changed a number of times in the contest 's history before , last year was n't the original system . 
  polish family abroad is strong, 
  given that they 're still invading the ukraine that 's not such a terrible thing . 
  that 's typical poland - in the butter-churning year , they came last across europe on the judges votes , and first across europe for the phone-in vote, 
  you 're right that it was n't democratic , but it was n't a hostile takeover either . 
  scotland ( as an entity , regardless of whether its citizens where involved ) willing joined up with england . 
  although , removal of the requirement to follow regulations such as the [ eu 's working time directive ( 2003/88/ec ) ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=706&amp;langid=en&amp;intpageid=205 ) definitely * will * allow changes to be made to working conditions that would otherwise not be possible . 
  some of these potential changes can be seen fairly negatively , from social or health perspectives . 
  as many of the directive 's requirements are now codified in uk law , it would n't be an immediate change but the protection of prevention of those changes is gone . 
  i 'm not sure personally of the status of the european charter of human rights - whether that is a treaty that is based on being part of the eu , or legally entirely separate . 
  if brexit means we 're out from that , there is less protection of those rights and freedoms . 
  again , some of this is equivalently in uk law now , so a slow process to remove them . 
  you 're right . 
  you are absolutely right in context , and i completely agree with you that people should be accurate , and empathetic . 
  neither ` side ' is perfect , both are flawed in their own different ways . 
  but i think the possible removal of human right protections , combined with allowable ( arguably detrimental ) changes to working conditions , could still result in unequal pay based on race or other genetic characteristics . 
  but some of it is inherently unfair anyway . 
  access to emergency services , power and water is going to cost more in rural areas than it does in cities . 
  scotland has a bunch of mountainous areas and islands , with established populations . 
  now , if you choose to go out and live on your own two miles from the nearest tarmacked road , maybe you should contribute a little extra to having those services available . 
  but if you 're living in an established village or town , why should n't you get the same as everyone else ? 
  tourism . 
  finance . 
  it and technology . 
  oil expertise ( we might not have the oil , but we have the skills to get it and use it ) . 
  scientific research . 
  renewable energies . 
  oil is n't our only resource . 
  countries who actively left the british empire ( like the usa ) tended to drop the british royalty as fast as possible as their ruler . 
  countries which we ` graciously allowed ' to leave the british empire or to operate independently within it , such as canada , usually kept the uk royalty , with a local governor-general acting in place of the king or queen . 
  india and others have since got rid of the monarchy , but still remain in the commonwealth . 
  canada , australia and new zealand are legally entirely sovereign now , but share the monarchy . 
  there are a couple of countries within the commonwealth that have their own monarchies . 
  queen elizabeth is the head of the commonwealth , but not due to any one specific crown and that role has no specific involvement in any one nation 's governance . 
  it does * not * trump the local government structure be that royalty or republic . 
  there is no guarantee her successor would necessarily be the new head of the commonwealth but ... it 's complicated . 
  queen elizabeth is also ( separately ) the holder of a number of crowns , including the crowns of the united kingdom , canada , australia , new zealand , barbados , jamaica , and about a dozen more countries . 
  these countries are sovereign from the uk , but the positions * are * hereditary . 
  interestingly though , despite many films saying otherwise , there is no `` queen of england '' nowadays . 
  the crowns of scotland , england and ireland were held by a single monarch from 1603 , and the crowns of scotland and england were united into one single crown in 1707 when the parliaments were also united . 
  ( sorry , it 's late and i think i 'm rambling now . ), 
  not exactly . 
  scotland and england joined to become the * kingdom of great britain * . 
  when gb merged with ireland in 1801 , it became the * united kingdom of great britain and ireland * , and then eventually * united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland * after ireland 's succession . 
  so while three kingdoms have been part of it , we 've never been united kingdom ** s ** , only a united kingdom singular . 
  except it 's not possible for ruk to rescind the british citizenship of anyone who is already british in the event of a separation . 
  you could make a limited application process , but it would have to be based on being regularly domiciled in scotland , which would still result in the majority of the scottish population being eligible . 
  to add to / u/andolomar 's comment a little , while scottish banknotes do use the same sorts of security features and are the same value , the design differences are far from just being `` regionally different '' . 
  the notes are significantly different shades ( enough that i would accept `` different colour '' ) and different sizes on both dimensions . 
  one of the scottish banks also trialled polymer # 5 notes long before the bank of england did , which obviously could n't go south of the border without a good bit of `` it 's legal tender ! \\* '' fun . 
  you rarely see them in circulation now , but rbs continued to issue # 1 notes until the 1990s , long after the bank of england had stopped printing them . 
  and then northern ireland has its own additional set of banks who are doing the same . 
  thankfully , only the bank of england mints coins ( regional designs do exist though ) . 
  ( \\* i know that the popularly believed concept of ` legal tender ' is not really correct , but that 's besides the point . ), 
  we could hold some kind of welcome event ... like a festival ... 
  my intuition is that grammatical structure is important too , which a pure vocabulary count does n't take into account ? 
  it 's baseline germanic with sprinkles of french/latin is n't it ? 
  the bright bar towards the bottom of scotland is the central belt of glasgow and edinburgh and all the bits and pieces in-between , so - we 're not totally without electricity here .
