americans are all just a bunch of white people to europeans . 
  there are no minorities , native tribes , or millions of immigrants from around the world . 
  certainly the news are interesting . 
  news from all around the world are interesting ... but i have a special interest in china , especially after visiting it . 
  japan , both koreas , the philippines , thailand , indonesia etc. 
  are all interesting , and recently there was a really good article in the finnish news about life in bhutan . 
  myanmar/burma is very interesting . 
  the usa , south and central america , africa and the middle/near east are very interesting too . 
  i try to follow brazilian news and politics a bit . 
  australia seems pretty far away but culturally close so it 's interesting too of course . 
  but india feels very alien to me , it 's so diverse i never seem to manage to wrap my head around it . 
  i 'm kind of ashamed to say that i 'm not all that interested in it since the culture does n't feel close to me . 
  but i will follow news of course . 
   i 'm no expert but i doubt her history of finland under the russian empire is complete you 're right , it is n't . 
  history of finland under the russian empire was n't all that bad , we were very autonomous actually . 
  only under the russification periods of 1899-1905 and 1908-1917 things got worse , and even then it was n't anything like what estonia for example had been through . 
  estonia has had a much harder history with russia than we have . 
  shit was bad ( really bad ) here during the great northern war when russia occupied most of finland for some time , and during later wars obviously , but the grand duchy of finland was n't oppressed really , mostly it was n't even russified . 
  also , sofi oksanen is sort of a sensationalist with no education in history . 
  not a bad writer though , and she is to be respected for bringing difficult and long-silenced topics to public discussion . 
  edit : fixed a forgotten word, 
  well , that 's a difficult question to answer . 
  i mean , i already like the country and the people , nothing wrong with them . 
  the people are kinda different and sometimes they seem weird , but they 're also generally very kind and welcoming . 
  but the state ? 
  i ca n't see anything happening in the near future that would make me like it , at least not anything that i find very possible to happen . 
  without the rather idealistic things i 'd obviously want to see ( legalizing gay marriage , stop being ridiculously patriotic , lessen the power of the highly conservative church etc. 
  ) , i guess the best things for now would be : 1 ) being less aggressive towards the rest of the world , especially the west ( but also neighbouring countries elsewhere ) . 
  no kidnappings ( the business with that estonian is pissing me off like hell ) , no ridiculous showing off with planes and ships . 
  less propaganda . 
  and for fuck 's sake , no taking land from other countries . 
  2 ) giving back crimea . 
  i know this wo n't happen . 
  but nothing else would help as much right now . 
  3 ) taking steps , however small and slow , towards a more democratic society . 
  no discrimination of members of opposition , journalists etc. 
  people should be let to demonstrate freely . 
  more independent media . 
  more possibilities for russian people to hear different views and perspectives ( also foreign ones ) and compare them . 
  less antagonizing of the west . 
  4 ) social reforms . 
  seriously , the situation of poor/middle-class people in russia , especially in rural areas , is , judging by everything i know , terrible . 
  5 ) better conditions for the non-ethnically-russian citizens in general , and regional minorities/ethnic groups/semi-autonomous areas . 
  6 ) trying to fix the economy . 
  seriously . 
  the situation seems to pretty fucked up and the current politics certainly are n't helping . 
  now , this list is completely subjective and i 'm by no means an expert on any of these matters . 
  this could also be a lot more progressive , but i tried to keep it as `` realistic '' as possible . 
  i hope i 'm not sounding like an entitled asshole that `` knows '' how to fix russia , but if any of the aforementioned things happened , it really would make me a bit happier . 
  at the moment i 'm almost as concerned about how the current situation is affecting russian people , as i am with it affecting europe . 
  i have people in russia that i care about , and i 'm very worried about them . 
  exactly this . 
  no one here wants it back , except for some of the old people that still remember living there ( and for their part i of course undestand it ) , and some of their children and grandchildren . 
  the place is in horrible condition , i visited it this summer . 
  and i felt so bad for the people living there , there was such an air of despair around . 
  what would we do with them ? 
  make them move elsewhere in russia ? 
  have them stay and become finnish citizens , then start fixing the whole situation there ? 
  or would we start making legal compromises between them and the descendants of the carelians that owned the same lands before the war ? 
  no need for such a complex diplomatic and social shitstorm . 
  we just want our border to stay right where it is . 
  true , we have those shops here too . 
  yesterday i walked past one and saw that one of those shops ( the one i visit less often ) now sells all kinds of vegetables too . 
  i should take a look at the prices , if they 're not too high it would be nice to shop there . 
  exactly this . 
  it would be really annoying and actually quite creepy if a waiter was lingering around and talking to me all the time . 
  what on earth . 
  should i need anything , i will make eye contact and smile . 
  a good waiter will certainly notice that , and come ask what i need as soon as they have time . 
  waiters should be let to do their work in peace ( ie . 
  no shouting to get their attention or other obnoxious behaviour ) and the customers should be let to have their dinner/coffee/private conversations in equal peace . 
  politeness overall . 
  yeah i guess it might be unpractical , and the straight from the bag option would be unhygienic of course . 
  maybe if the shop had a counter where you could ask for your own containers to be filled ? 
  that might work , and reduce waste a bit . 
  no waiter is tipped here and i 've very seldom encountered bad service . 
  also , i 'd much rather have a waiter that is actually being nice because they want to or because they feel it 's a part of their job to at least try to be nice ( even if they have a bad day ) , than one that is sucking up to get a good tip and then treats the customers badly if no tip is given . 
  and how about other professions in customer service ; store attendants etc. 
  do n't get tipped either and they 're generally very nice . 
  i also totally agree with what fortoastandbutter says . 
  working conditions are far more important than the quality of service . 
  true . 
  not to mention that i 'm pretty sure most waiters here would consider tipping a bit offensive . 
  like , the waiter is a person doing their job and getting paid for it , not your servant . 
  i always feel bad when i 'm tipping waiters abroad , as if i was acting like they were inferior and thus i can choose to give them charity . 
  i realize it should n't feel like that and it 's unreasonable . 
  but the nordic views on tipping do that i guess . 
  maybe it 's somehow similar to how most finnish women would be offended if a guy was trying to buy a drink for them . 
  i would be , at least , and my friends agree . 
  it does , at least here . 
  there are usually some packaged goods too though . 
  with other everyday goods , like , say , flour , sugar , oatmeal etc. 
  or even some dairy products , it would be nice to have the option of going to the store with your own containers . 
  but those kind of things are usually packaged in cardboard anyway so it 's easy to recycle . 
  it says in the article that in britain stores sell packaged , pre-peeled bananas which sounds kinda shocking to me . 
  yep . 
  if i went to a butcher that sells i could do this i guess , but the meat sold there is ridiculously expensive , i only buy it for special occasions . 
  packaged meat is pretty much the only option here unless you have enough money to pay for something more special . 
  outdoor markets in finland have n't been allowed to sell meat for decades due to food safety regulations . 
  nah , i believe it 's more likely that they want us to fear that they will destroy us if we do anything that displeases them .
