as far as i can tell this is not something `` recent '' , its just what the constitution had `` since always '' - so its not political ban in a common sense . 
  and like i 've said , there is plenty of discussion on when and what should be legalized . 
  i think we should see civil unions or whatever that is called properly in next few years - so i think its more fair to mark it `` no recognition '' . 
  red fits russia which i think actively tries to discriminate gays . 
  that does n't seem right . 
  in poland gay marriage is not regulated , there is a lot of discussion on legalizing same-sex partnerships , i 'm not sure what does `` banned '' is supposed to mean in this context . 
  no you misinterpret this . 
  its not a matter of `` liking '' . 
  its a matter of preaching hatred . 
  which is not the same . 
  so if id go to street and encourage people to kill black people or gay or whatever this is ok , because i have the freedom of speech ? 
  and no waving that flag is a statement . 
  waving swastika is also one . 
  so isis ideology does not hurt others ? 
  not the way i see things . 
  i 'm not sure though where you see personal attack here - as for us i find the version of freedom expressed by that guy flawed . 
  i disagree with this way of thinking i guess you can see this as an `` attack '' . 
  no , the freedom of one person ends where freedom of another person starts and i disagree with your opinion . 
  i 'm actually pretty happy with the european systems , they work quite well in my opinion and often better than us systems . 
  you would probably feel opressed in europe , 
  lol , with this kind of thinking lets not make any laws because someone might use them in wrong way . 
  also not every law system is based on precedence . 
  its not like someone will shut your mouth because you are opposition to the ruling party , its almost exclusively used against some skinhead groups and thats all . 
  i think you are taking it to extremes unnecessarly . 
  well , for example in poland it is illegal to promote systems that are deemed murderous , so you cant wave a flag with swastika for example - that will get you fined at least . 
  and we have freedom of speech , so it can be done without a problem or at a loss for society . 
  the world is not black/white . 
  and being tolerant does n't mean you have to agree to ideologies that are dangerous to your society . 
  maybe because cameron was giving poles a bad name where stats dont back up the idea that polish claim a lot of benefits . 
  im pretty sure you prime minister would do the same - otherwise i would consider him wrong person in wrong place . 
  nice lies, 
  ofcouse , im not sure how this relates to fact that lector  dub ;-), 
  i was saying that its lector in tv , and i like it way more than dubbing , and i know a lot of others too ( its a matter of taste i guess ) . 
  also if you have a satellite tv like nc + / polsat you can watch most of content in english + subs if you like . 
   it 's horrible and a big reason why so many people in poland dont know proper english . 
  and you suggest dubbing is better ? 
  you have to be kidding me , also a hint - people in poland dont know english because older generation from soviet era were often taught russian . 
  most 30yo 's will know english on at least basic level . 
  what the hell . 
  in poland most movies in cinemas are subtitled . 
  what you meant is a lector ( voice.over translation ) and i prefer it over dubbing . 
  at least we know real actor voices . 
  i hate dubbing with passion , we do have awesome cartoon dubs though - for example adventure time in polish is better than english original . 
  i dont mind  relax, 
  our anthem was really great :-) good job !, 
  remember do n't ever let anyone convince you it 's not you in command of your fate on things that are in your control . 
  believe in yourself and unto your abilities - and after a while things will get better . 
  also ask your uk friends if they can afford to buy their own apartment having a `` shitty job '' , because according to my friends in uk it is hard for a single person to afford to buy a flat in london in a `` normal '' neighbourhood if you live normally even if you are earning 2k pounds netto . 
  ( i may be wrong here on exact numbers had that conversation a while ago ) where in poland if you are earning 4-5k pln netto ( which is not that impossible to earn on other hand ) it will be easier , yes the prices of food/electronics/etc . 
  will be much easier to swallow in uk , but there are areas where in uk or germany you pay a lot more for properties etc. 
  i 'm talking about a single person here ofc . 
  im not saying that you are wrong , but that the truth is in the middle between me and you , 
  no my brothers do not work in it . 
  nor my friends . 
  believe whatever you want . 
  no offence taken - in fact i changed my job last year . 
  its common in it . 
  dont assume im out of touch with market just because im working for over a decade . 
  i also recruited people in past so i know how it is on both sides . 
  and inflation taken into account my brothers salary buying power is much better than mine back then ( he can afford living on his own ) . 
  his first job was low paid but like ive said he switched after a year . 
  i have 2 bros other landed internship recently without too much effort  work on skills accept shitty jobs to hone them and after a while you will command the market . 
  less onions more learning  also i never claimed its easy to land a good job but its certainly possible . 
  bullshit - you can land a decent job if you have skills . 
  i have plenty of friends with decent jobs , they did n't have any backing or recommendations , over the years they got really skilled and changed their employers and everyone earns a lot above average . 
  my younger brother after 1 year of work experience landed a job earning 3 times as much when i was starting 13 years ago - but he had to pass some tests and command fairly fluent english . 
  i have some friends that complain about poor salaries yes - but its always `` someones '' fault - not theirs . 
  that being said this ofcourse applies to living in a big city , if you live in a rural area and do n't have a big farm you are fucked :-), 
  eurostat values support that claim - even if its daily mail , this piece of information seems true for some reason :p, 
   tabloid the washington post is an american daily newspaper . 
  it is the most widely circulated newspaper published in washington , d.c. , and was founded in 1877 , making it the area 's oldest extant newspaper . 
  the newspaper has won 47 pulitzer prizes, 
  sure , they can obviously take a boat from syria and land on germany shores :p open up the map :d, 
  lol , they only wanted to slash some funds to `` force '' other countries :d, 
  remember how france and italy `` invited privately '' russian officials from blacklist . 
  and how french tried really hard to sell mistrels , and how german business complained about sanctions ? 
  it wasnt solidary either  turned out ok in the end so i hope it will also turn out ok here . 
  they were right wing yeah and quite radical . 
  but never regarded nazi - in fact promotion of nazism is illegal in poland . 
  remember there was police investigation on these youth . 
  they were never significant power . 
  do you truly see them as major power in parliament ? 
  so simple question - who decides which people go to which country ? 
  i think putting it this way is just unfair . 
  also where is solidarity with ukraine facing war because they wanted to join eu . 
  those people dying everey day seem to be less worthy to eu . 
  i dont believe that everything is done in good intentions here sorry . 
  everyone has their agenda here . 
  id wish you were right here but i doubt this is the way things are . 
  well if that makes you feel better - we do n't have equivalent here in parliament . 
  interesting , you guys have an actual nazi-like party ? 
  i thought thats a thing of past . 
  dude you are complaining on the internet about some 2 random people talking shit in a tram . 
  i do n't know what more can i say . 
  yeah new german gas deal with russia clearly shows they do . 
  the fact that eu rejected the idea to negotiate gas prices from russia also clearly shows their support :-) i know that merging energy system does n't happen overnight but declarations are one thing - actual facts show different picture . 
  you basicly know better what is best for everyone and you will force others to do by your will by force if they disagree . 
  this was tried by all totalitarian systems in past . 
  good job mr/ms . 
  morally superior guy .
