  so that makes me wonder how you can accept that kind of behavior ? 
  just pretend the problem is not there ? 
  maybe i 'm just really picky with people but if i know someone is a real ass i do n't hang out with them . 
  you are not a majority in your own country then ? 
  if he is born in your country his `` normal '' should be the norm of the majority of the society . 
  no - i mean the guy is not exactly normal ;-) that like saying , i have a nice friend , he is normal except those moments when he abuses his girlfriend . 
  so not exactly normal ? 
   are there show trials ? 
  there were in 2005-2007 . 
  some backfired . 
   is there a secret police ? 
  cba trying to create bribe opportunities to get rid of political opponents without any proof materials ? 
  they were mostly used for power-play - not to track corruption . 
  not exactly secret police but not really clean in my book either . 
   are you saying that regime has already been established because pis attempted to make changes to constitutional court ? 
  when a government ignores law of a country , then yes by the definition it is a regime . 
  do n't confuse it with dictatorship or something . 
   anything that limits your freedom of speech remember pressure to not do metal concerts because they offend people ? 
  and kaczy\u0144ski wrote `` obiat '' for `` obiad '' - seriously you want to go full retard mode on arguments ? 
  no wonder we have such bad politicians . 
  at least lets try to use constructive arguments . 
  every political party made some good decisions , also some bad . 
  to claim otherwise is to lie to yourself or just be fanatical . 
   i do n't want people to call my country a regime , ` ts all . 
  poland is a free country . 
  then do n't support people who spit at democracy , because tribunal is there for you . 
  if government ( any government ) , will try to take your freedoms guaranteed by constutution they are there for your defense - and what pis is doing is trying to get rid of this `` obstacle '' . 
  or to put it this another way , if you are happy with what pis is doing , have you thought that they removed all safety brakes that protect you or them from the next government that may come after them ? 
  they behave like they will be forever in power , and all the bad changes in law they made will not be used against them . 
   without smolensk po would not stay in power for 8 years , i assure you . 
  maybe , maybe not , do not assure me about things you can not possibly know . 
  arguably smolensk played for the benefit of pis , they have their martyrology built all around it . 
   smolensk it is ironic that lech kaczynski who died there - being a lawyer had great respect for the tribunal ( there are citiations that you can easly find ) . 
  and was also mocking some changes that pis did after they got to power ( like media ) . 
  sad irony . 
   until the tragedy at smolensk happened , which placed po in power for 8 years . 
  pis placed po into power after scandal with samoobrona party in 2007 . 
  and their general bad ruling at that time . 
  maybe you were too young to be interested in politics back then . 
  smolensk happened in 2010 , i do n't even want to comment on the `` the others tried to break the law so pis can too '' mentality because its kindergarden-level kind of arguments . 
  pis was supposed to be `` better '' so i find the defense of their actions with `` others were shitty too '' hilarious . 
  i never said that the rest is against . 
  i said that governmant may not represent the majority . 
  true , i dont get why peope vote for either of them . 
  you answered it in 2nd sentence . 
  but its just a language construct no one is against poland as a country itself . 
  also the government right now represents their current electorate the 19 % that voted for them . 
  the rest that protest them are fools misgiuded by evil media of forces that dont want change , 
  its against pis , not poland . 
  no its not . 
  citation needed :-) - also saying that you can act like shit because others were also bad is pretty weak explanation for a party that had `` morals '' on their standards . 
  i think we would have to see the legislation  i dont know the details to be honest . 
  i think it basicly meant that they need to present some concrete proof to tax you 70 % penalty . 
  but i never plan to be in that position so i can only speculate . 
  well in the end it depends how many taxpayers you have to pay off the bonds . 
  practically it means the next generation pays for it - just in taxes . 
  and lets not forget ofe needs to bring income to their owners obviously . 
  if ofe invests badly you will also lose the money . 
  as you said you cant withdraw it its also virtual invested into some assets . 
  i think its unfair to claim the money ` is yours ' - it just looks `` kinda like that '' on paper . 
  im not saying zus is better but claiming ofe is good for us is wrong in my opinion . 
  actually whole po voted against that resolution where irs had to rule all doubts in tax payers favour . 
  its interesting how this was spinned by some media as their doing . 
  it was because of komorowski legislation . 
  opposition voted for it , po was against , 
  a coup ... im not even sure how to respond to that . 
  if its not ponzi scheme - what happens with your money if government fails to pay off the bonds ? 
  try withdrawing funds from ofe - you will often lose 70 % to manipulation costs . 
  its not even remotely comparable to normal saving account . 
  edit : sorry was thinking about withdrawing from `` 3ci filar '' account . 
  can you give example of tribunal doing this in the past ? 
  not as much az zus in total - we misunderstood eachother here - i said they generate as much debt proportionally compared to zus . 
   zus which is consuming our taxes for free what taxes ? 
  what is `` free '' , are you paying your taxes on your own , because you seem to be confusing some terms here . 
  i do n't even want to mention that ofe was obligatory - so they also `` consumed for free '' ;-)  withdrawing from ofe will loose you money !!!, 
  zus will never alow you to withdraw a penny , so it wins in your mind i never said that - i just think that having two ponzi schemes is worse than having a single one that is not trying to actually make money on you because it always on negative balance . 
  and its a lie that ofe is better than zus - it was only generating a higher national debt and lead our budget to leak out money to other countries - because ofe were generaly international entities . 
  your children would pay for your retirement in taxes when ofe would cash out the bonds . 
  want a secure retiremenent plan that no one will steal ? 
  start investing on your own . 
  you are not making any point here , just trying to say something bad about pis even though it never did anything bad , they even gave away government willingly , when po is trying to hold power after it was crushed . 
  i will not answer any more , there is no point . 
  i made a point which you have hard time to comprehand , i only said that pis had exactly same plans . 
  it is you who is claiming this is bad and try to spin thing around . 
  you are right there is no reason to debate it further . 
  dude , the consensus was to do what po did - and every party would be doing the same . 
  ofe generated same debt as zus with even less guarantees - they even mentioned that they plan to pay only for 10 years . 
  did you see the contracts on how much you lose when you actually withdraw money from ofe ? 
  or did you know that they invest into bonds so this generates the same debt that zus does - except they also make profit on the operation . 
  notice how completly silent pis is on the subject of ofe - they have this problem solved for them by po . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz0m5ajptic - pis would also `` steal '' your precious ofe monies - here is jaroslaw kaczy\u0144ski on this topic . 
  truth is that removing ofe was a good thing and basicly every party in current parliament agrees with this move . 
  here because you probably never saw our constitution and base your opinion on bad journalism , this is what our constitution looks like when in this subject : trybuna\u0141 konstytucyjny art . 
  nope - its truth if events are backed up by facts . 
  and fact my dear friends are like this : no one answered accusations that new rules will paralyze tk for next upcoming years . 
  simple as that . 
  also there were no resolutions of sejm that tk had opportunity to shot down - so right now pis is trying to disable tk based on claims and accusations of things that did not yet took place . 
  how about you actually open up our constitution instead ? 
  its only truth when you like it ? 
  how are they exactly destroying the country - are they forcing pis to break the law and constitution ?
