  best way is to question everything - but check on your own instead on rely on someone else :-), 
  i posted some links elsewhere in this thread . 
  and you are just lazy . 
  just believe whatever version of the world you want :-), 
  exactly - then the right move is to make the idea of confrontation less appealing . 
  oh and btw . 
  uk and france declared war on germany when they invaded our country - and there was no help given - we had defense pacts , so sorry - until i see some real commitment like serious troop numbers stationing in baltics or poland i will keep my reservations about defense abilities of nato . 
  so , nato this year decided they will move 1000 ( or something around that ) solders into eastern europe ( in the future ) . 
  the rest of nato forces are in the west , they are protecting what exactly there , netherlands from belgian invasion ? 
  if you are suggesting that nato forces should react one month after russia moves then sorry - it will not work and lots of lives will be lost . 
  thats fine , its been in the news , a simple google on estonia would bring you some information about border patrols and abductions . 
  still you chose not to , so why should i spend time arguing with people here ? 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/estonian-officer-abducted-near-border-with-russia-1409928475 http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense/international/europe/2015/03/18/nato-allies-brace-for-russias-hybrid-warfare/24979545/ for the record i 'm not claiming russia is invading estonia , but it seems they were probing borders . 
  still no nato forces were moved closer to the east . 
  well if you dont watch the news and just troll then its not my problem . 
  i dont plan to waste time on that discussion . 
  cheers !, 
  i suggest you do your own research , you clearly need it . 
  estonia is in nato and they already had problems with little green men and no one reacted . 
  but yes , move the nato batallions here . 
  it was :-) i hope you are trolling . 
  ukraine got rid of their nukes for safety - look how well that worked out for them . 
  i 'm not saying we should have nukes ( i do n't want them in my country ) , but a strong deterrent force would be welcome here . 
  yeah , i know exactly how you feel , same thing happens here . 
  i think you are exaggeraing a little ;-) btw . 
  best german war movie in my book ( and one of best movies in general ) , was `` das boot '' . 
  also - as you can see in that wikipedia article - the reception was mixed in multiple countries - so its not just poles being unjust to german war movies . 
  its just an opinion in the end . 
  that was not my point , it is summed up nicely by haaretz ( mentioned in wikipedia too ) . 
   concerning the miniseries not showing nazi death camps , klein writes , '' ... no extermination camps are shown in the series , whose measure of brutality and blatant anti-semitism is meted out by the polish partisans ... and by the russian army . '', 
  i might have been not too clear about it in the context of subject of discussion . 
  germans released a tv series recently that pictured the german army as victims and polish resistance was shown as anti-semitic xenophobes who did n't care about poles of jewish descent . 
  sure there was anti-semitism in poland back then , but at same time we have helped a lot of people to avoid death at same time ( no other nation has so many names in yad vashem ) - so yeah i can understand why so many are unhappy about `` polish death camps '' ( the idea of having it as a law is strange to me though and makes no sense imo ) . 
  so in a way it does happen already . 
  i think the minister mentioned once or twice that the wood would be sold to furniture industry , i do n't have time to look for the quote on the portals . 
  there also was info about board members being swapped out . 
  it was covered in all major media not long ago . 
  so i have a data plan that is `` unlimited '' when i 'm using the phone in the country , but the price documents for my plan says i pay x for 100kb . 
  so they can always say we pay that amount abroad . 
  i think i saw some articles on the subject . 
  i 'm pretty sure i wo n't get unlimited data for free when roaming , it will be probably cheaper than before though . 
  no they have fixed prices + `` promotion '' data plans in the country . 
  so they will just charge you the price from your plan - the one you do n't really pay . 
  sorry , thats not true - i was reading today that they will make new data plans + `` promotions '' so internet abroad will not be free , probably cheaper , but still paid . 
  see thing is that poles generally support eu . 
  do n't confuse the gov with the nation . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  i just wanted to point out that the previous government was not enthusiastic about the whole deal like some people here try to suggest that . 
  they were not in favour of taking refugees - they negotiated to take the lowest number possible . 
  they just knew its impossible to block it completly . 
  they negotiated to take as little as possible . 
  they were hardly in the favour - they just knew they cant block it completly . 
  username checks out , 
  because the current ruling party hates him - basicly . 
  and yes , tusk was a pm in poland . 
  they just want to humiliate him , but instead they are humiliating the citizens of my country . 
  yup but tk would clean that up . 
  and it did . 
  what we have now is far worse . 
  unconstitutional law is passed and overruled all the time , it never was a problem . 
  ignoring tk rulings how they see fit is . 
  yes . 
  i think tatars pray together ( but i might have remembered incorrectly which mosque that was ) . 
  we already have reports about our citizens fighting for isis for example . 
  there were attempts to start male/female segregation in gdansk mosque ( i think it passed ) . 
  even our polish tatar community ( muslim ) suggested we should not accept muslim immigrants ( not refugees , thats an important distinction ) because they will not accept our society rules . 
  the general consensus here is the country can accept them when there are measures to control who gets in - right now there are no valid tools to do that . 
  berlin attack clearly showes that the system does not work . 
  poland could surprise you i think ;-), 
  hehe and the current polish government came to power with `` poland is in ruins ! '', 
  as their motto :d people are funny beings ... 
  there is no `` middle '' . 
  the truth is where it is . 
  simple as that . 
  and a lot of lies spread by both sides can be verified by readers . 
  cheers !, 
   opposition with mister rzepli\u0144ski 's support pushed several additional judges to actively block any pis reform disliked by the establishment you are aware that there are stenograms and documents that prove this false ? 
  rzeplinski stopped working on the reform way before po senators slapped 2 additional judges into it . 
  i will stop responding further since you are not interested in the truth - that you ( and everyone else ) can easly verify - you just go with narration from pro-government media . 
  go ahead and create your explanation about how rzepli\u0144ski broke the law ( or opposition ) - just back it up with links to documents and facts . 
  the fact that current opposition made an unconstitutional change does n't mean it broke the law - tk clearly overruled it - and even in the email leaks that were exposed to the public it was very clear that tk wanted to fix this and prevent this from happening . 
  any law can be deemed uncostitutional - because law is hard ( not that in this case it wasnt obvious ) - but tk fixed this . 
  not to mention that first thing that pis did in its first days was to create new law that cripples tk - so ... we do n't know how would they rule otherwise - they started fight with judges on day one . 
  those are all empty words that you just echo after pis politicians . 
  you can believe whatever you want - but the facts are against you . 
  so you did n't address any of the points i raised above . 
  it is not a shame to admit that you were wrong . 
  as far as i can tell - they will be able to enter the gallery when parliament assembles - im sure this is so they dont film blocking right now , but apart from that next week i assume they will be able to access it during sessions . 
  but yes - today they cant . 
  they did ? 
  citation is needed , i was not aware of that . 
  nope , they wanted restict the places where journalists can move and film , they have their own place in the main room for filming and no one planned taking that away i think . 
  the thing they did n't like was journalists asking questions that would require them to explain to the public - outside the main chamber . 
  at least thats how i understand the problem . 
  as far as i an tell kyokupl is right and the chief of solidarity said they will protest the protesters . 
  they wanted to forbid filming and talking to representatives outside of main chamber , with special press places - ( where representatives do n't have to show up ) - afaik no one wanted to forbid filming the sessions - that would be a suicide . 
  it is regulated - you are wrong here . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5iqut4/brief_summary_of_the_current_situation_in_polish/dbcwubk/ it can easly be checked - and somehow it was all working fine for the last 20 years . 
  nah , they could have voted on monday for example - it was just a show for everyone . 
  how does that contradict the other ?
