  also if it were n't for merkel sending the message that everyone is welcome there would be way less people to take in . 
  now we have a shitload of illegal migrants impersonating refugees and a mess no one really knows how to solve . 
  and it makes it much harder for everyone to help people in real need . 
  i do n't even want to get started on west involvements in syria and iraq . 
  your country and councellor messed up and you want `` solidarity '' now . 
  when was your solidarity when we wanted to form energy union , when was your solidarity when you made a new gas deal for new nord stream behind everyone 's back ? 
  clearly the relationship is working one-way , also poland says they want to accept refugees but on their terms . 
  its disgusting that you want to paint it single sided like this . 
  let me reiterate again poland wants to take refugees and help them . 
  are you even aware that refugees will not be able to leave the country that they are designated to , or that eu proposition decides who will get who ? 
  states will have no say who they can screen for security reasons and decide who can be taken in . 
  i think you should actually try to figure out what the quota proposition is about because its more complicated than `` please help us relocate x people '' . 
  read that aloud again :-) exchanging stupid remarks in a tram does n't really mean anyone is planning to do ethnical cleansing , i 'm sure you understand that . 
  there is no way to defend those dumbfucks from tram but what you are suggesting here is ridiculous in my opionion . 
  no one is complaining about ethnic minorities in those protests ( well except few extremists but i 'd ignore them , they are minority ) . 
  while we do have 2.3 % minorities we do have lots of students from africa and asia on foreign exchange though - those are not counted there . 
  i dont recall hearing this going on in protests . 
  media would be all over it . 
  its great shocking material for them . 
  the only place i saw comments like that was facebook which is not the same as hearing this in person as you mentioned . 
  im not claiming it didnt happen i didnt not see it in the media recordings anywhere - its jailtime or fine for something like this . 
  police would not allow it . 
  and they have exactly 0 power . 
  im not saying there are no retards . 
  not poland , samd applies to all eu states . 
  you know , we have muslim and other asian and european migrants in poland . 
  and so far no one protested against them ever before . 
  the discussion by ruling party politicians is not if we should take refugees - but how many can we actually manage to support properly . 
  you are free to base your opinion by marches organized by far-right wing ( so yes they will have some extreme people there ) that have no significance and have 0 representatives in parliament if this will make you feel better or morally superior . 
  i 'm sure you know better than me living here . 
  yeah , the problem is everyone is taking a stance like `` you are against us or with us '' , you can even see this here on reddit in comments . 
  the official stance of poland is that we want refugees - but the ones we accept ( for security reasons for example ) and in the numbers we think we can manage . 
  see we recently took 200 people from ukraine ( donbas ) , and it seems we are unprepared to handle the matter correctly , and they are much closer culturally than syrians or erytheans . 
  there is no mainstream discussion whatsoever that we should n't take any refugees , there is just opposition in shoving it to our throats just like that without consultation . 
  you know what is funny ? 
  hungary is doing exactly the right thing that they are supposed to do - trying to adhere to eu law and register everyone - they are supposed to not allow the migrants further into next countries . 
  i think the consensus would be much easier to archive if we would not be threatened and forced to do something like austrian chancellor suggests ( to slash funds for poland because we do n't want to agree to proposal ) . 
  there is little partnership right now in the talks . 
  the values are shared when they are not enforced by one state to another . 
  thats the official stance of the state - `` we want to bring in the refugees but on our terms '' , we are sovereign state i think and we can have our own policy . 
  a sentence like your is both unfair and is oversimplyfing a complex issue . 
  oh sure , go on compare poland to germany during nazi times :-) history actually clearly shows that poland was a safe heaven for all kinds of religions that were persecurted in europe like arians ( and yes we have well assimilated muslim in poland right now ) and refugees . 
  and what germany did in past is also well known , go on try some more insults . 
  just because something sounds similar does n't mean its same thing , current context is very different than last century 30 's germany . 
  because you have a different opinion , you decided to claim `` what poles want '' . 
  a bit arrogant . 
  there were plenty of normal people in `` anti '' , and a lot less attendees on `` pro '' marches . 
  and most of them were not hooligans . 
  that should give you something to think about . 
  i do n't remember our partners in eu support us when poland called for energy union and same gas prices from russia . 
  or when nord stream 2 was decided . 
  so this relationship is supposed to work one way ? 
  does n't sound like a fair deal or a real federation . 
  it is, 
  our eu partners did n't want to cooperate on subject of energy resources union . 
  and for some reason the relationship seems to work only one side . 
  forced immigration - we have plenty of migrants from ukraine and asia and no one ever complained about them . 
  i do n't think poles in general are against migrants . 
  eu proposal says its 12k people it also prevents them from moving to another state after they get registered . 
  so once they arrive in poland they wont be allowed to move to greener pastures . 
  the proposal also says it is required to allow them to bring their families so it may be aswell 60k-100k people in the end , i think that actually no one knows what amount of people that would be :d, 
  sure but i dont think there were `` anti '' marches organized by non-radical organizations ( or maybe there were ) , so people who disagree with quotas/decisions , went to the ones they could i guess . 
  i 've read that on one city 2 separate `` anti '' protests merged and then walked together so i would n't generalize too much , there were tens of protests today - both against and for support of eu demands . 
  in poland ? 
  never :-), 
  there were tens of marches in poland today - both for and against taking immigrants . 
  it is unfair to paint so one sided picture of things . 
  and i 'm pretty sure you make up things on the internet . 
  because illegal immigration is the same as free travel for citizens in eu right ? 
  we have quite a few mines actually :d, 
  like ? 
  what infrastructure is provided specificaly for economic migrants ? 
  same with poland . 
  i have my doubts about the 28 % of russian speakers in poland . 
  those 50-60 year olds who were being taught russian 35 years ago most likely dont remember a thing as we do n't use russian for anything ever in daily life . 
  people are generally being taught english/german/french in schools . 
  i wonder what statistics this map is based on . 
  hm ... we had one month of advance tax in poland till 3 years ago but now you do n't have to do it anymore . 
  i must say though that i was in greece on vacation this year and bill or receipt are concepts unknown in most places i was on crete :-d, 
  nope - in poland there is a heated discussion on the topic and we exactly talk about africans/arabs . 
  but we still like you guys :-), 
  maybe you . 
  we really are doing ok . go visit some western countries . 
  there is a gap but it 's not that dramatic and we are closing it every year . 
  right , i accidently a k there , still seems like nothing for a country ;-), 
  100k seems like nothing ? 
  it means absolutely nothing ? 
  its paralympics for musicians basicly . 
  i 've clarified that by localised i meant translated :-), 
  thats how i watched breaking bad , but as i mentioned elsewhere in poland people do n't do full dubbing - lots of people hate that - and the worst offender are star wars movies :(, 
  yeah , but you might be unaware that in poland we do n't do dubbing like germans do . 
  in cinemas you always get english + subtitles option if you want , and for tv you get `` lector dubbing '' which i find much better for movies vs full dubbing . 
  the only exception are cartoons that are dubbed exceptionally well and often sound better than original ( shreck being a good example here ) . 
  if i have subtitles thats all i need , however i can understand that older people ( or with bad eyesight ) may prefer some form of full dub . 
  sorry , i meant translated content :-), 
  sorry - i meant translated . 
  it is expanding , its 3x more localized ( translated into local language ) content than when it started . 
  the argument of `` other also broke the law '' when current government is stupid . 
  think about it for a second . 
  those things were not supposed to happen .
