  i do n't see how that makes misiewicz case right - both are wrong . 
  so have you read the biographies of the judges pis appointed ? 
   just get rid of politicians from that body . 
  we have first ever judge who was pis party member before - that never happed in the past i think . 
  that information is public . 
  so ... you still hope they will `` get rid of the politicians '' ? 
  in my other post i gave you an in depth explanation why they are breaking the law - its way past the `` using the holes '' . 
  you mean because 3 judges went on l4 and and one of them publicly admitted its because they did n't want to do their job ( reference : https://historia.dorzeczy.pl/kraj/15934/oswiadczenie-sedzi-trybunalu-nie-wzielam-udzialu-w-posiedzeniu-aby-nie-legitymizowac-obrad.html ) - they could block tk for political reasons forever this way on every case - i wonder what you suggest they should do actually ? 
  what happens when you have regulated time for tk to vote on a subject like they had this time and they do n't have the required number because they want to be disbanded because of political reasons ? 
  also the quorum would be there - if either the pis nominated judges would show up or if president would take the oath from the 3 judges that were legally elected by po . 
  so basicly he admits that pm has no right whatsoever to not publish the tk ruling . 
  he also says why the president did not appoint the judges that po elected , and it makes sense . 
  but it was tk 's job to rule on that and `` unbreak '' the broken law that po made - which they did - the president still did n't appoint the judges and tk later did not have quorum required - see , this is the actual chronology of things . 
  so my honest question is this - if they are getting paralyzed slowly - what are they supposed to do legally - sit and wait to be disbanded ? 
  right now constitution is fucked royally - and it is not rzeplinskis fault . 
  here is a very interesting read on at least two likely scenarios that will play out in next two days - with in depth explanation why things are why they are . 
  http://www.rp.pl/sedziowie-i-sady/161219314-rzeczoprawie-matczak---w-srode-mozemy-miec-nowego-prezesa-tk.html#ap-2 hontestly i do n't see how tk failed here and what options they had - basicly you could say something like `` ruling party ruled that tk should not be anymore '' - and effectively it would be the same and you are suggesting this is a legal thing to do . 
   art . 
  and yes - before the argument is raised :  art . 
  it is the last point of the constitution on tk - but if ustawa tries to paralyze the tk - then art 190 takes precedence . 
  otherwise you do n't have 3 ruling pilars of country because sejm could write anything in ustawa - that would destroy independance of the judges . 
  i hope this makes sense and clears things up a bit . 
  this matter is a bit complicated but this is how things are and this whole mess should have been avoided way earlier - now we are all fucked - regardless of political views and i dont see any reasonable way of fixing this that would be legal and would return balance . 
  i understand why rzeplinski did what he did - and i understand why kaczynski and others cant back out of this - it went all too far . 
  things will get even worse . 
  who wins ? 
  russia wins . 
  divided nation is a weak nation . 
  yes - no single party should make changes as they see fit - right now its a party that you like - what if it an opposite case ? 
  what if they change voting system to favour them for example ? 
  that is why you need qualified majority 2/3 - this mechanism is to ensure that majorty of poles represented is actually represented . 
  plus we had a country wide vote on that before in 97 . 
  it is doable - without any of the controversy - it was done before . 
  not sure how old are you but its not very old history . 
  i dunno , you wrote what the pro-pis media spead on the subject ( which is fine so i wanted to open your eyes with some documents ) . 
  i pointed you to actual documents that prove this is just false propaganda - you ignored them and i also caught you on not bothering to read them ( by accident ;-) ) . 
  i 'm not sure how can i discuss this with you further , if you rather prefer to believe what media tell you instead of checking this by yourself . 
  right now i think whatever i could write as an argument would n't matter . 
  just when you have some time do some reading - you do n't have to believe me - just check the documents . 
   does not collide with the constitution constitution is ignored right now , tk is essentially dead - and yesterday they voted without any media or recording showing if there is actual quorum . 
  it looks right now that if you have majority of vote - you can vote anything like `` tk can do only one case per year - and in order queue only '' and this should be acceptable . 
  sorry - we do n't have a constitution anymore - no one respects it and the pm publishes some acts and some ignores outright if they dont like it - stating that they were `` illegaly judged by tk '' . 
  the problem is ... the ones they published were also judged in `` wrong number of jury '' , soo ... please do n't tell me anything about constitution - even the judge that appointed to the tk this week unhappily admitted that pm has no right to decide what to publish and what not ( not sure how that happened - maybe piotrowicz forgot to shut him up fast enough ) . 
  and with all of this situation - you dont have to be pro po , n. , sld or whatever to be very unhappy . 
  also ... i added wrong link to the eu parliament info ( by mistake ) - it doesnt have the details - so by saying that pis wanted to do the same you just proved you did not bother to read that  there are tons of false information on the subject spread by some media . 
  here are some actual information : http://audiovisual.europarl.europa.eu/page.aspx?id=52&amp;menu=aboutus ive pasted some of it here and read the last part of it ;-) article 2 filming , photography and sound recording are permitted subject to the following conditions : a. 
  chambers during part-sessions , film cameramen and photographers have access to the gallery overlooking the chamber provided that they are in possession of a pass bearing the letter t ( for tribune ) , valid for the whole of the part-session , issued by the audiovisual unit . 
  the use of flashes or extra lights is prohibited in the gallery . 
  other areas - in all press conferences - in meeting rooms , with the prior authorisation of the chairman of the meeting and a majority of the members present - in members ' offices , with the prior authorisation of the member concerned and in his or her presence . 
  the member must complete the access form annexed to these rules * - in the entrance halls ( lobbies ) , the area around the chamber , corridors , passageways and other public areas , unless the member expressly objects *, 
  it is regulated you have : http://www.sejm.gov.pl/media8.nsf/files/zjei-acgdt8/%24file/zarzadzenie_ms_1_2008.pdf and this : http://www.sejm.gov.pl/sejm8.nsf/komunikat.xsp?documentid=6a6343b053dab114c1257ef3004e9259&amp;symbol=akredytacja the fact that some media outlets spin the story as `` media access is not regulated '' is untrue . 
  they are lying to you - there were some other documents too but i do n't remember their online locations . 
   media can came everywhere and are nearly pursuing the parlamentaries on the corridors if you read the eu regulations then ... it is clearly written there they can also do this except few areas that are excluded . 
  so this contradicts what you are saying - sorry . 
  they have the right to rule - they do n't have the right to change constitution via back door - they did n't do it explictly but it is a technicality . 
  last time we changed it we had a country wide vote - they want to do it ? 
  - sure lets make a vote then . 
  i never written anywhere that they do n't have the right to rule i think ? 
  can you point me to a sentence that made you think so ? 
  it was written in multiple places on reddit and you can clearly check that it is not based on western parliaments - this was debunked - it is not liberal at all compared to other countries . 
  http://www.europarl.europa.eu/pdf/accreditations/accreditation_en.pdf - you can read this stuff here . 
  kindergarden logic + putting things in my mouth that i did not write anywhere . 
  and worse of all you deliverately avoided all the questions i 've raised in my post . 
  thanks i 'm out . 
  i think the law was not broken - the laptop was not taken ? 
  i wanted to show the difference in scope - and you clearly try to avoid the fact that pis also broke laws that i mentioned and play `` lex '' cards on me . 
  thanks , indeed we have nothing to discuss . 
  i 'm not leftist , but your world must be much simplier if you divide poeple like this . 
  i actually hoped that you would answer any questions i rised here ( or at least check the document i linked here ) - nor did i said anything about what po was doing was right . 
  i 'm disappointed you did n't even try . 
  i 'm sorry , the image you posted is completly incorrect , someone recently linked information published by eu parliament on rules - its completly different thing . 
  you are getting manipulated badly . 
  http://www.europarl.europa.eu/pdf/accreditations/accreditation_en.pdf - here you can read the rules on eu parliament that pis said they want to mimic - they were lying to you they are very different . 
  we also have list of rules when it comes to polish parliament - and you can look it up online - if you dont believe me - verify whats written there on your own . 
  maybe that will open up your eyes a bit . 
  also - how can you justify taking your laws and privileges because `` others did something wrong too '' - the motto of pis was `` dobra zmiana '' not `` others did shit so we will do even worse shit '' . 
  you ca n't justify law breaking because someone else did it . 
  thats against any logic . 
  not to mention it was one laptop with possibly sensitive information - which is different than general media restrictions in the parliament - and they did n't take it in the end if memory serves me right . 
  speaking of which - do you know if they had quorum on the vote yesterday ? 
  because no one knows , there are no recordings or means of verification - this way they can change any law . 
  that should raise some serious concerns - and even if you do support what current gov. 
  is doing - remember they might not be in power forever - and someone else will also abuse the law that they changed last year - will you still be happy about i ? 
  some food for thought . 
  if you plan to reply do n't reply with `` but po did x '' they are gone - think about the future and possible implications of government and ruling party actions . 
  pools say otherwise - a lot of people do n't want to admit their true beliefs - they have always more votes than pools claim . 
  so i can easly believe 30 % . 
  i dont undestand why things are why they are but thats the reality that people want to believe untrue things . 
  i could use some good rum . 
  thats the typical pis rethoric - we dismanled tk for you because other s did something bad . 
  and for some weird reason people think this is ok . 
  which is different than blocking media in general , it stupid to make that comparison . 
  and even regardless of that pis was claiming `` dobra zmiana '' so stop justyfying law breaking because `` others did that too '' - we are not in kindergarden '' - standards should be higher for everyone . 
  what about the rest of the building , are there limits on accreditation per media outlet ? 
  ;-) also : - in the public spaces around meeting rooms ; - in the access areas of meeting rooms ( lobbies ) , the area around the chamber and inter-building passageways ; - in the parlamentarium . 
  so you leave out some important details . 
  i 'm all for `` no-recording '' signs in bathrooms or restaurants but this is different . 
  except eu clearly stated they have no limits on media whatsoever . 
  almost all of the information in your post is outdated and no longer true , , 
  the problem is - there is no soviet relic in the judicary - supreme court was clensed years ago - and lower tier judges on average are 40 years old ...
