  i dont recall po saying that they will ignore tk rulings . 
  only when you read the pis owned media like wpolityce or niezalezna . 
  the rest of the country has a healthier approach to the subject . 
  oh it is mentioned in media on every election since i remember . 
  on the rest - i will not comment because it is matter of personal perception . 
  again , do you understand that not carrying out a ruling means ? 
  - that specific part of resolution is not effective - it doesnt mean its ignored by the government . 
  it means that a change was passed that fixes the ruling or whole `` ustawa '' went to trashcan and the ruling was not `` carried out '' . 
  something completly different than saying `` we will ignore the tk ruling '' that pis said . 
  i 'm affraid the sources you are linking are misinforming you by not actually stating what it means . 
  this is an issue for us for many years now :(, 
  they did not . 
  where did you get that number ? 
  48 tk rulings were not implemented but because they got obsoleted by new resolutions - if this is what you meant ( it also does n't mean those 48 tk rulings are about po resolutions ) . 
  i think you confused few things here . 
  it wo n't going to happen i think , but when i look at the us - the federation worked well for them . 
  i think the thing is we should strive to have one federal law system with the exceptions for religious and social norm laws . 
  that could work reasonably well so societes with different world views can still cohabitate and reap fruits of common economy and military safety . 
  i 'm not sure what you are talking about - what layout ? 
  state tribunal ! = = constitutional tribunal, 
  thanks !, 
   f\u00fchrer this stands for `` chief '' in german right ? 
  ( not sure ) . 
  edit : `` f\u00fchrer was the unique name granted by hitler to himself , in his function as vorsitzender ( chairman ) of the nazi party . '', 
  til, 
  i 'm not the person that should debate that , it is not my idea , i do n't see the reason to be responsible to defend it , 
  i wanted to put some context to the article . 
  nope . 
  there was only the opressors ( germany and russia ) . 
  i do n't have answers obviously but by that logic `` we '' should leave syrian mess alone completely ? 
  you rise some good questions - recently i was wondering if libya and iraq are better countries for normal people now that we removed dictators , and i do n't think i like the answer to that question . 
  sure it isnt - but suggesting ill will to that guy ( i hate him and disagree with most of things he says ) , is unfair this time . 
  i 've written this elsewhere , but polish fought axis on multiple battlegrounds , in africa , continental europe and uk - in other countries armies . 
  i agree if makes little sense to follow the advice literally if you do n't know history of polish armies . 
  the polish did not fight in country after poland fell ( apart the resistance ofcourse ) , they were fightining in britain , in africa , in italy and other places . 
  i do n't think you should take the words literally - because i agree it makes no sense then . 
  the gist was basicly we should help them restore order in their country , but not do it completly for them and risk our soldiers when they are sitting in europe ( where i presume `` we '' would be nato or western-coalition of some sort ) . 
  that was my understanding at least . 
  he actually said they should be prepared to fight back for their country , that i assume includes arming them with proper equipement to do so . 
  did i write that i support the idea or they should be sent back bare handed ? 
  i might have more clue than you do seeing the way you simplify things and the way you write to other people on the internet . 
  i just gave that sentence some context so relax a little , there is no reason to pick up a fight here . 
  we do n't share the same sentiment then . 
  this is what poles did during ww2 we fought with germans in multiple armies of the worlds . 
  we had even own fighter squadron in uk https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no._303_polish_fighter_squadron . 
  this might not be the best solution for syria but its not something new to us at least . 
  for their families and safe homeland i guess . 
  and this is exactly what poles did during ww2 . 
  we had our own units in multiple armies across the world . 
  and exactly what we did during ww2 it turned out well for us . 
  po was against migrants they said they may accept some screened refugees . 
  yes , but did you hear on the rationale for it ? 
  seeing your flair i can understand that it was simple `` yes '' for you , but poland negotiated better terms and our v4 partners knew how we would vote afaik . 
  in politics nothing is a simple `` yes/no '' . 
  `` previous idiots '' tried to not accept any migrants from eu . 
  po was against accepting migrants . 
  the v4 agrees with poland so its not the only country voicing same opinion . 
  point me to a document describing the values please . 
  so far it seems that we are supposed to unconditionally accept german policies . 
  we have lots of ukrainian immigrants and no one is making a fuss about it . 
  where were your values of unity when we wanted to form energy union ? 
  dont be hipocritical . 
  eu should be about partnership and recent situation doesnt resemble it at all . 
  what happened ? 
  if they are disappearing withpout seeking asyliun they are not refugees but illegal immigrants . 
  sure , but it will cost a lot more :-), 
  weird i live in lodz and most people here never rent for anything lower than 1k pln ... https://otodom.pl/wynajem/mieszkanie/lodz/?search%5bdist%5d=0&amp;search%5border%5d=filter_float_price%3aasc a cursory look at some renting options reveals at that range those are really small studios . 
  but then again - if you are comfortable with it them sure :-), 
  hm ... for 500-600 eur i know you could rent more than a single room in berlin ( probably in not so great location ) . 
  it makes no sense to include that in the discussion - you are not renting whole flat for yourself so apples to oranges . 
  not in any bigger cities like \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , wroc\u0142aw or warszawa . 
  rents here for anything actually decent start from 200-300 gbp . 
  what is that ? 
  good luck renting a flat for 100 pounds in poland ... maybe in some shithole . 
  we have forced here . 
  the only exempt is for medical reasons . 
  lol ... magical :-) living in a post-soviet country - you would love here 30 years ago . 
  yeah that indeed sounds not bad . 
  i wonder what are actual numbers reported by uk police ( in relation to poland ) . 
  then their tweet lines will contain only information about attacks . 
  because they happen often in all countries , such is life . 
  it would only make people scared to travel . 
  oh no 100 + attacks were confirmed racial based attacks if thats what you are wondering - at least that was my impression based on embassy statements , and this does n't count whole gb because they only had partial information from only some parts of the country . 
  according to our embassy there were over hundred attacks in last 12 months - its getting more violent so it gets more attention . 
  can you name other country in europe not penalizing homosexuals in any way ? 
  i 'd say it is still open and positive place to live in . 
  and is that a lot or not compred to other countries / per million of population ? 
  because the number by itself does n't tell anything ( maybe it is - i honestly dont know ) . 
  no its not , it has a history of being safe haven for all kinds of people since medieval times . 
  you need to look up definition of deportation . 
  and explain to me more clearly how a country could just relocate part of their population to another country . 
  i still dont see how is that related to deportations . 
  how is that related to what i wrote ? 
  you cant deport your citizens . 
  ofcourse they havent attacked yet in conventional sense  but they are probing borders . 
  and clearly `` we have to prepare for possible invasion '' is normal in relations between two countries . 
  i dont event want to bring up border patrol abduction . 
  modern wars do n't look live movies or videogames . 
  i 've posted them in this thread . 
  but you see - i find it way more appealing to force you to search - pick your own sources - the ones you believe the most - than to argue with you and convnice you to my point of view .
