  so far , all that has happened is that the pound lost some value one year ago , and the economy has had plenty of time to absorb that . 
  but the uk is still in the single market , still has the five freedoms , and so on so forth . 
  if anything the only significant thing that has happened is that the elections have paved the way to a softer brexit , where nothing will change except the uk loses the ability to discuss the rules it is subject to . 
  so in the end it boils down to good old devaluation . 
   tell lybia to get fucked news at 11 , `` lybia '' already is fucked ( and it 's also spelled libya ) . 
  italy makes treaty with libya about immigrants . 
  france bombs libya but does n't want immigrants that come to italy through libya . 
   pressuring north african countries you mean that country where france wanted to export democracy , the one that now it 's about as messed up as somalia ? 
  who do you even have to pressure there ? 
   stop forcing eastern european countries to accept migrants   do whatever is necessary to protect the external schengen borders what are the eastern european countries doing to protect the external schengen borders ? 
  the eu is not the tooth fairy , it can only do whatever the member states do together . 
  so far , all the eastern european countries have done is whining about the 50 immigrants quota allocated to some of them . 
   a taxi to the airport apart from the obvious difficulty of flying back 100.000 people ( so far in 2017 ) , good luck figuring out even _ where _ to send the plane back , and assuming that country will accept them . 
  good luck , really . 
  other messages you wrote are very reasonable . 
  but it 's hard , and the way austria is approaching the issue is ludicrous . 
  you could call it the final solution ( sorry german friends ) . 
  in my family only my mother-in-law and i love it . 
  and ievan polkka , of course . 
  if the issue that made it undemocratic was the unmodifiable articles , obviously erdogan ca n't have fixed that . 
  you 're just spitting out propaganda . 
  even the turkish constitution has a few unmodifiable articles . 
  can you translate the three sentences just to give an idea ? 
   but i do n't how to explain the difference is that ergative ? 
  for example say you have : * the dog walks * the ball bounces * the dog catches the ball in the last sentence , most other languages use the same case for the dog that was used in the first two sentences ( nominative ) , and another case for the ball in the last sentence ( accusative ) . 
  in basque instead the case you used in the first two sentences is used for the ball in the last sentence ( that 's ~ ~ ergative , i think ~ ~ absolutive ) and the dog in the last sentence uses a different case , ergative . 
  at least that 's what wikipedia says , or how i understood it . 
  as accommodating as usual . 
  if / u/greetings _ friend had a high-resolution version , that would make a nice submission to / r/photoshopbattles ... 
  hans zimmer is awesome . 
  cool , thanks for the informative answer !, 
  could he change the constitution _ that _ much ? 
  or are there some parts that are substantially immutable , even by the parliament or through a referendum ? 
  no , but it was the norm in western europe and perhaps in the world until 1945 . 
  the threshold is not at the national level , it is computed separately for each region . 
  the 20 % is for coalitions ; usually there are just 2 or 3 of them , and all other parties go alone . 
  the italian system sucks , but this is not the reason why it sucks . 
  funny how in italy abortion and divorce are allowed ( doctors can refuse to do abortions as conscience objection ; it is not a problem in practice ) , but we have no civil partnerships even for heterosexual couples . 
  it 's very different ( and i 'm not a supporter at all ) . 
  they propose wide access to broadband network , selection of candidates via cv , short mandate limits and stuff like that . 
  in principle there 's a lot to agree upon , a lot of it is demagogy but it 's interesting to follow its evolution . 
  zs is a tell-tale for hungarian . 
  definitely . 
  renting a 60 m2 apartment near technologicky park costs around 400 euros , and food is quite cheap ( for a single person , 100 euros per month will be enough ) . 
  taxes , welfare etc. 
  eat roughly 35 % of your wage . 
  i confirm it 's a very nice city , though it is also quite large so it has some ugly neighborhoods . 
  north of the station & & close to tramway lines is already a safe bet . 
  where i lived was 15-20 minutes walk from the office and 10-15 minutes by tram to the center . 
  public transport was always punctual and night buses are phenomenal . 
  in other words , my experience matches iambulgariaama 's quite closely . 
  also , finding an _ interesting _ job in brno is much easier than finding it in italy , even though in italy you 'd make more money . 
  ( source : i lived in brno for 18 months , left because my wife still had a job in italy and had finished her maternity leave ) . 
  not hindsight in my case . 
   ( well , somewhat . 
  i bought some italian bonds last december , not last june . 
  i wish i had sold them in march and bought them back in june , but that _ is _ hindsight bias : as i wrote , i did n't need the money , so the right thing for me was and is to keep the bonds until expiration , since they give pretty good coupons ) . 
  the good thing with short term bonds is that they give an easy plan b ( just keep them ) . 
  but right now only very long-term bonds are worthwhile . 
  actually it is a good deal to lend to italy , or at least it was back in june when everybody knew that the italian rates were awfully inflated , or even in december right before monti took power . 
  you could have made some pretty good capital gains ( 4-5 % ) on italian 3-year bonds . 
  to some extent you can still do the same with spanish bonds . 
  of course that 's mostly true if do n't need the money , so you can wait for 3 years for italy to pay back the bonds in case your bet is wrong . 
  there 's still the risk of defaulting , but a default would be much more problematic for me ( as an italian ) than the investment i would lose ... 
  besides what ericthehalibut said , age matters less than bonus class for computing your insurance premium . 
  young people start with a shitty ( and expensive ) class , and have to climb down the ladder for the first 10 or so years of insurance . 
  this is doubly discriminating , because an older person will pay his first accident for just 2-3 years after which he 'll be back in the best class ; for a younger person , it will take 2-3 years _ longer _ to reach the best class , and if that means 12 years instead of 10 , they 'll be paying a higher premium for all those 12 years !, 
  that can also be regulated though . 
  in italy a new car gets the best bonus of the family , independent of the age of the insured person ( this does n't require that you are living with your parents , as long as your legal residence is at the same address ) , so it 's possible for a newly insured person to get a good bonus class and pay little as long as they cause no accidents . 
  the cynical side of me wonders if bankruptcy would be the better option . 
  problem is rome can not be taken out of the loop . 
  income tax would have to be above 100 % to sustain the expenditures . 
  sicily would go bankrupt in a matter of months . 
  the problem is that `` what 's given '' amounts to useless jobs with extremely good salary for what you are doing ( nothing ) and with advantageous conditions for retiring so that they can hire more people . 
  who cares if they still have to pay you . 
  services in sicily ( healthcare for example ) are among the worst in the nation , but the president of the region has over 1000 people on _ his personal _ staff . 
  there are some rules anyway . 
  for example they can not deny you coverage . 
  i think problems happen when an arranged marriage may involve moving back to the original country . 
  it may not be the common case , but i imagine that 's the kind that would rapidly escalate to forced and make the news . 
  for that matter , a marriage may be forced and at the same time not arranged by the parents ( like `` you 're pregnant , you marry the father '' ) . 
  it 's called margherita , because it was dedicated to queen margherita . 
  if that applies to isps i could buy it . 
  but `` social media companies must allow only real pictures of users . '', 
  does not give any excuse ... 
  ahem , italy has never asked for bailout money , never . 
  ( btw , i 've lived in cr for one year and a half , so my source is my former colleagues ) . 
  countries such as lithuania and estonia are pro-eu because , having to choose between ( the possibility of ) being fucked by eu or by russia , they think the eu is a better bet . 
  czech republic benefits a lot from scepticism . 
  for example it is possibly the richest of the former soviet block countries , but still gets access to eu money for eastern countries . 
  czech republic is one of the most skeptic countries in the european union , possibly second only to great britain . 
  klaus 's hidden motives are simply to please his potential electors . 
  right , the dirty jobs are left to illegal mexicans . 
  come on ... 
  in europe , the bible is in many cases ( not all ) just a pretext . 
  that should be illegal . 
  they might be allowed not to renew your contract ( you do n't need an explanation for that ) , but not to fire you . 
   up here , we think that using 200g of parmesan for a risotto is using a lot of parmesan in one go . 
  do n't worry , here too . 
   dinner for one in a cheap ( ish ) restaurant .
