   what are the taxes for employers and workers ? 
  if your gross income is 100 , the employer pays ~ 30 more , you pay something towards your retirement fund and income tax . 
  income tax excludes the first ~ 7000 euros per year , then it grows from 28 % to 43 % . 
  also , your employer takes some money from your paycheck but must give it back with interest when you change job , retire , or are laid off . 
  optionally you can divert this money from your employer to the retirement fund too . 
   do you have a national minimum wage ? 
  no , but most contracts are negotiated at the national level so effectively there is a minimum wage for jobs following such contracts ( which excludes most temporary jobs , though not all ) . 
   what are some common job roles filled by temp and part-time workers ? 
  no particular roles . 
   are there common illegal work schemes ? 
  wage is paid cash every month , no retirement , no paid time off , no paid vacation , can be fired at any time . 
  italy does have crowdsourced laws ( popular initiative ) in the constitution , but approval is rare ( 4-5 % ) . 
  the most famous examples of popular initiatives that became laws are perhaps two : one electoral system that was used from the nineties to 2006 , and mandatory helmet for motorcycle riders . 
  no , we just do n't ask them . 
  for example , in italy extradition requests have to be made joinly by the judiciary and executive . 
  when we tried cia agents responsible of an extraordinary rendition on italian territory , the government just did n't forward the judges ' request to extradite them . 
  france did not extradite italian terrorists for almost [ 20 years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mitterrand_doctrine ) between 1985 and 2002 . 
  polanski is another case ( he was protected from extradition as a french citizen ) . 
  brazil refused to extradite an italian terrorist too , though it was later found out that he counterfeited the entry stamps on his passport and he might face expulsion soon . 
  regarding refusals to extradite from the us , remember all the bragging about amanda knox being `` safe '' once she had left italy ? 
  as if the us always extradites anyone that we ask to extradite . 
  polytical asylum is a good reason not to extradite someone . 
  we have a mild form of immunity for mps , but nothing on top of that for ministers . 
  so no change . 
  the minister of justice is very moderate ( and was a candidate for president of the republic last week ) , so she 's very unlikely to pass any bill that would help berlusconi . 
  that said , berlusconi is unlikely to be sentenced for anything , and anyway he 's too old to go to jail . 
  no , you 're not upsetting me . 
   you 're just missing what i really wanted to ask . 
  perhaps look at the similar post / r/italy , you 'll see examples of what i mean in a language that 's closer to spanish . 
  no , i 'd really like it to be serious . 
  like : what 's wrong in all of the spaniards , that makes politicians so bad in your opinion ? 
  would it help to change _ that _ instead ? 
  you 're thinking a bit short term , i think . 
  next thing you wake up and a comedian with a penchant for fascism will get 25 % of the seats in parliament . 
  what country ? 
  when italy enacted a similar tax ( but `` only '' 0.6 % ) it was computed on the amount of money in the account the midnight before . 
   so , why are you not electing someone with a clear majority that will tackle those things . 
  ok , next time we 'll have igelkotten come down and do the elections for us . 
  it makes no sense to say `` elect someone with a clear majority '' . 
  if you have  2 parties , it is obviously possible that none gets 50 % . 
    the problems stem from not continuing along that line . 
    so , why do n't you ? 
  what on earth is stopping the italians from reforming ? 
  two reasons . 
  one is berlusconi . 
  honestly i have no problem with those who voted him in 1994 and 2001 . 
  i do have a problem with those who voted him in 2008 and 2013 , after the awful management ( and failure to respect promises ) he exhibited in 2001-2006 and 2008-2011 . 
  but you can read elsewhere in this page how he got re-elected . 
  the second is that austerity sucks big . 
  i agree that a large part of it was necessary , but it still sucks . 
  austerity is not about removing waste , it 's about finding money . 
  and if things got worse for you because of austerity , you do not vote for the people who approved those measures . 
   however , the feds interest rate gets calculated including mississippi/tennesse etc. 
  so , the californians pay more than they should , due to non productive states . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  there are no eurobonds , which would be the equivalent of us bonds . 
  the german are rightly against them , because they would behave like you write . 
  but until each country has its own sovereign debt , the differences tend to get amplified instead . 
  when italian and spanish interest rates soared , germany was loaning money at almost-negative rates . 
  now that italian and spanish rates are more reasonable , german rates are raising . 
   honestly , you do not seem to know a lot about interest rates . 
  and you seem to consider interest and emitter risk the same thing . 
  of course they are related , but there are other risks ( e.g. 
  euro break-up risk ) and those can affect the interest rates of different countries both positively and negatively . 
   did you actuall try to invest in the future then . 
  do those important structural reforms , etc ? 
  we reorganized the monetary policy to not rely on devaluation and deficit , which is already a huge change . 
  we had changes to the pension system , we introduced more flexibility in the work market . 
  a drop in the ocean , but we did do something . 
  the problems stem from not continuing along that line . 
   from where i stand , you voted for a comedian and a corrupt slimeball . 
  elsewhere in the thread you can read about the corrupt slimeball part . 
  about the comedian , you can read [ here ] ( http://www.wumingfoundation.com/english/wumingblog/?p=1950 ) ( just bullet 1 will do ) . 
  i did n't vote for them , but in the end it was ( in the intention of the voters ) a vote for change . 
  will it bring positive change and structural reforms ? 
  i doubt that , but it is a vote for change and no one can deny that . 
   are anyone of them going to reform the tax system , lessen the corruption and please , start doing the structural reforms , italy is in so dire need of ? 
  how can we do that without a clear majority in parliament ? 
  i 'm not denying that the italian interest rate is kept low by the risk being _ potentially _ shouldered by other tax payers . 
  i 'm denying that italian interest rate is kept low by money that has been forked out by the ecb with nothing in exchange . 
  the italian bonds bought in the securities market programme did nothing to lower the rates ( only the reforms done by monti had an effect ) and gave a very large interest . 
  and the surge in interest rates in june 2012 had absolutely nothing to do with lack of reforms . 
  speculation focused on spanish and italian bonds , and inflated the rates associated to those bonds , because of the risk associated with euro break-up . 
  not because of the risk associated with a default . 
  so italy and spain were shouldering that part of the risk on part of the other european countries . 
  plus , northern countries can enjoy interest rates that are just as artificially low , which benefits the tax payers in those countries . 
  the situation in italy sucks , and can only get worse . 
  youth unemployment is a particularly bad indicator , and so is productivity . 
  we do need some reforms , but lack of reforms is not the only reason why italy interest rates are bad . 
  and you can not really deny that northern countries can only benefit from weaker southern europe . 
   everyone did . 
  it was the up years . 
  hard to fail those years . 
  true , but -15 % is not a bad feat , especially starting from really bad deficit/gdp rates . 
   italian voters have made it abundantly clear that they are not even remotely interested in fixing what is wrong . 
  they are kind of interested . 
  berlusconi lost almost half of the votes ( numerically ; a bit less in percentages ) , and votes for grillo are not for his agenda but just from the perception that everyone is the same among the politicians and everything should change . 
  no one thought that he was going to be necessary for any kind of majority and now that he is , the bomb is exploding in his hands . 
  the problem is what happens before the bomb is either defused or explodes , i.e. 
  how we form a government .
