  really ?? 
  i could not do so in ticino , which is arguably the least expensive part of switzerland . 
  _ edit _ : yeah , you could do pizza with 25 francs . 
   it 's a shame that such a service is n't provided by the state given the huge taxes i pay even trenitalia is a private company , but anyway public transport _ is _ subsidized by the state . 
  it is fair that everyone 's vote counts the same . 
  a moron is first of all a person . 
   no , they are not direct expression of what the people want , democracy ( maybe in italy more than in other countries ) is faulty in many ways . 
  sure they are . 
  italy has one of the highest participation to elections in the world . 
  sure , we have a shitty electoral system , but you know better than me that the actual vote was for or against berlusconi . 
  i 'm not that sure that any other electoral system would have resulted in anything dramatically different . 
  people wanted the snake oil that berlusconi was selling them , and voted for him . 
  then they tried the other side after seeing they got no snake oil ; and they failed to do anything except keeping public expenditure under control ( which is important but unpopular ) . 
   well i would put higher tax brackets for people with very high income , or at least progressive higher taxes proportional to income . 
  the problem is that almost no one is declaring more than 100.000 euros in italy . 
  so those higher tax brackets would hardly give any extra money to the state . 
  and we go back to tax evasion . 
   i 've travelled to copenhagen in june , then i went back to italy , and had to take public transportation in milan from the airport to the city center ... out of curiosity , how expensive was it ? 
  a new york city or tokio commuter can easily spend 250 euros or so for a monthly metro ticket . 
  zurich is much smaller than milan , and the metro costs almost twice as much . 
  would you be okay with paying 2-3 times more in exchange for better service ? 
  ( btw , there is no subway in milan from the airport ( s ) to the city center ; the train to mxp is good and a bit more expensive than the usual commuter train ) . 
  i do n't know , to me it does n't feel difficult , it 's like it 's halfway between italian and milanese ( it 's not , it just sounds like that ) . 
  the grammar is different from italian , but similar to milanese , whlle the overall sound is a bit more like italian . 
  example : `` we are coming '' is `` stiamo arrivando '' in italian , `` s\u00e9mo drio riv\u00e0r '' in venetian , `` sem dr\u00e9 a riv\u00e0 '' in milanese . 
  but venice is pretty much the sole big city in northern italy where you 'll hear a _ lot _ the local dialect . 
  have you ever heard about [ arb\u00ebresh ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arb%c3%abresh_language ) ? 
  it still makes me giggle when people speak in perfect italian and still let a `` macari '' sleep . 
  no , i 'm from lombardy . 
  you can take a sample at the [ local wikipedia ] ( http://eml.wikipedia.org ) . 
  it sounds weird to me because it drops a lot of vowels compared to italian and lombard . 
  the italian wikipedia has some notes on the grammar . 
  in the florence/rome regions , the dialect is very close to italian so it is really a dialect rather than a separate , non-mutually-intelligible language . 
  tuscan dialect sounds like italian from the 1600 .  romanesco has a lot of truncated words and some replaced sounds ( l tends to become r , consonants after m or n are dropped and the m/n is lengthened , etc. 
  ) , but it 's still basically italian . 
  southern italy dialects are still quite close to italian , especially in the grammar . 
  but `` strict '' dialect is still quite hard to understand . 
  as the parent comment said , people often talk with a mixture of dialect and italian that is easily understood , just a little worse than a very strong accent . 
  it 's also what you 'll hear in tv when characters are from these region . 
  northern italy dialects are quite far from italian ( more or less like french ) and not necessarily intelligible between themselves . 
  the grammar varies a lot . 
  that 's where i am from ; the dialect is almost dead but my grandparents speak it and i can understand most of it . 
  i can understand a little piemontese and venetian , but not bolognese or eastern lombard ( bergamo area ) . 
  the dialects died out in the 60s/70s , when southern italy immigrants came to work in the north and factory unions heavily discouraged dialects to ease communications . 
  areas that had less immigration may still use dialect more . 
  for example venetians also do the same kind of switching that happens in the south . 
  swearing in dialect is quite healthy though , throughout the whole of italy . 
  in the florence/rome regions , the dialect is very close to italian so it is really a dialect rather than a separate , non-mutually-intelligible language . 
  tuscan dialect sounds like italian from the 1600 .  romanesco has a lot of truncated words and some replaced sounds ( l tends to become r , consonants after m or n are dropped and the m/n is lengthened , etc. 
  ) , but it 's still basically italian . 
  southern italy dialects are still quite close to italian , especially in the grammar . 
  but `` strict '' dialect is still quite hard to understand . 
  people often talk with a mixture of dialect and italian that is easily understood , just a little worse than a very strong accent . 
  it 's also what you 'll hear in tv when characters are from these regions . 
  northern italy dialects are quite far from italian ( more or less like french ) and not necessarily intelligible between themselves . 
  the grammar varies a lot . 
  that 's where i am from ; the dialect is almost dead but my grandparents speak it and i can understand most of it . 
  i can understand a little piemontese and venetian , but not bolognese or eastern lombard ( bergamo area ) . 
  the dialects died out in the 60s/70s , when southern italy immigrants came to work in the north and factory unions heavily discouraged dialects to ease communications . 
  areas that had less immigration may still use dialect more . 
  for example venetians also do the same kind of switching that happens in the south . 
  swearing in dialect is quite healthy though , throughout the whole of italy . 
  ibm or red hat ? 
  no , i mean that lombardy was occupied by austria . 
  it 's not , at most it has some bits of french culture . 
  sure , it 's all garibaldi 's fault ... 
  the south had more money , because they were n't a colony of austria . 
  but the administration was already extremely inefficient . 
  prague is damn expensive though . 
  housing costs can easily be 2x in prague compared to brno ( i lived in brno for 1.5 years ) . 
  if you mean `` any field where the south of italy is competing on a fair level to the north '' , there 's no competition when it comes to food . 
  sicily wins hands down . 
  yes , though it 's not clear what is the cause and what is the effect . 
  consider that the depression of the south is centuries old . 
  pension contributions are a loan , not a gift . 
  if you earned so much money while you were working , and still do when you retire , you have already paid a lot of taxes and will keep doing so when you retire . 
  you do not lose the right to get back the money that you loaned to the government , just because you 're rich . 
  if you 're rich and you invest in treasure bonds , you do n't get a smaller interest rate just because you already have a buttload of money . 
  edit your incorrect comment , and the downvotes will disappear . 
  do n't worry , this is the same paper that titled `` schettino for us , auschwitz for you '' . 
  they seem to have a clinch for nazi references . 
  though sometimes it seems to me that spiegel ( despite a more polished style ) has the same content with reversed parts . 
  i do n't think a generalization is good . 
  first of all , let 's separate the parliament pension and the work pension . 
  i think it 's not a problem , because i 'm pretty sure you also think that nobody should earn 20,000 euros/month from their pension . 
   the fact that the parliament pension cumulates is a problem of its own , but it can not be solved by the government ( pensions come from the parliament 's budget ... and the parliament votes on its own budget ! ), 
  now , with the contributive method , everybody gets back proportionally to what he gave while working ( assuming they live to the average expectancy ) . 
  in that case , if you earned 20 times more than me , and i get a 1,000 euros/month pension , then you _ should _ get back your 20,000 euros/month . 
  the difference between me and you is that you will pay a lot more taxes , as it should be . 
  setting up a scheme like this is what dini tried to do in 1995 , and monti/fornero accelerated last year . 
  well , first of all it 's a gross amount . 
  amato is paying 14,000 euros per month of taxes on that pension . 
  so let 's see where the 16,000 euros come from . 
  5,000 are because he was a member of the parliament . 
  i do n't like that part , but there 's nothing special in how amato earned it . 
  11,000 are the average of his wage in the last 10 years of his professional career . 
  i do n't like that part either , because the retributive method of computing pensions is bullshit . 
  however , it 's the same rule used to compute my father-in-law 's pension . 
  when dini tried to remove the retributive method , the unions complained , so the outcome was this beautiful 1995 `` reform '' that would fully gain its effects in 2040 or so ( more precisely , after everybody died who would retire in 2018 ) . 
  so i do n't like the _ laws _ that let him get that pension , but amato did nothing to gain special treatment _ for himself _ .
