in moravia : telc , trebic , lednice , the moravian karst . 
  it was part of ukaine , and _ de jure _ it still is . 
  as far as google maps is concerned , khersonska oblast is an administrative division of ukraine , and crimea is another . 
  to put it more clearly , it is the same as the border between two swiss cantons . 
  google maps also shows a weird red dashed line on crimea 's coast , which disappears when you zoom in . 
  but it never says russia anywhere . 
  hmm , no it was not . 
  the border is marked as an administrative border between khersonska oblast ( ukraine ) and crimea , not between ukraine and russia . 
  does hungary use english ads ? 
  i think a fair number of italians would not even _ understand _ english ads . 
  a non-animated ad such as [ this ] ( http://images2.ads.rcsobjects.it/fck/image/bahrami.jpg ) is 8kb . 
  i doubt most companies host their servers anyway these days . 
  they will use wix or wordpress in most cases , or even a facebook page only . 
  i fully understand that the purpose of this is to attack free speech . 
  i just think the attack is not at the publishers , but more subtle and indirect & mdash ; since you can not have the goodies ( youtube ) without paying , you get rid of data at all and stop visiting online sources of information . 
  but even then , you wo n't make a single gb out of whatsapp in a year . 
  so i just disagree that it will be an effective measure , just like most measures trying to attack free speech . 
  actually i said with ads . 
  a couple non-obtrusive gif ads can be less than 100-200k , and 2-3 small jpg images for the article can be less than 100k each . 
  google has text ads too , where most of the cost is javascript that 's downloaded once and for all . 
  it may even be worthwhile for content creators to pay the adblock blackm \\ ^ wtax \\ ^ wcreators and get their ads whitelisted . 
  no , an ugly but functional webpage , with ads , can be less than a megabyte if done right . 
  20 pages a day * 365 days/year * 1 megabyte * 0.5 euros/gigabyte = 3.5 euros . 
   this thing will just kill any sort of it industry hungary might have that 's for sure . 
  they do not have to be hosted in hungary though . 
  only edited from hungary . 
  but it makes no sense to have a tax that is paid by the gb . 
  it would cost nothing to read papers online or discuss in forums . 
  just make it flat 300 euros/year/connection , it would be more effective . 
  funny , the anti-euro politicians in my country keep saying that germany was the only place that benefited from the euro ... 
  i 'm not sure that 's a good example . 
  they have their own idea _ of europe _ , and it 's absolutely not a _ european _ idea . 
  it 's a nationalist idea of europe . 
  yes , that 's why i specified `` fueling the system '' . 
   italy has never had a true left pci ? 
  self-sustaining pension systems are just nationalized insurance . 
  you pay 1000 , you should get back ( based on estimates of life expectancy ) 1000 + interest when you retire . 
  it should not depend on `` younger blood '' fueling the system . 
  healthcare is a different story . 
  it may also work the other way round . 
  because jobs in the poorer parts are satisfied by eu citizens , people in the poorer part may find it easier to move up the social ladder . 
  not in italy . 
  it ended up at 55 % , which is nevertheless low for italian standards . 
  55 % is low for italian standards . 
  at political elections turnouts are usually around 75 % , or even higher !, 
  ( the all time record , when voting was theoretically compulsory but not enforced , is around 90 % ) . 
  i guess it 's the legacy of the dc ( christian democrats ) / pci ( communist party ) polarization during the cold war . 
  don camillo and peppone ftw . 
  italy got 55 % , with not that many voters being called also for regional or local elections . 
  we got around 60 % voters in 2009 . 
  as little as they can , but still left . 
   reformist , euro-friendly , critic of austerity but just like `` wrong way to get to the right outcome '' . 
  my grandmother was also carrying messages , and my great-uncle was a catholic priest hiding jewish people in the parish , handing them out fake baptism certificates , or otherwise helping them flee to switzerland . 
  also , my wife 's grandfather had to stay hidden for a month because he was being sought by fascists . 
   2 ) i read that but i do n't really understand why that 's relevant if the only people voting for him are from that party ( are they ? ), 
  they are , but i 'm not sure why that 's relevant . 
  the italian election system is not first-past-the-post , you vote the party not the person . 
   can you explain why the president does n't appoint someone who already holds a position where they already represent people on the national stage ? 
  the president usually appoints party leaders ( berlusconi , prodi , bersani who actually could n't form a coalition , and renzi ) . 
  he does n't have to , though . 
  true , berlusconi himself might have been the contact . 
  who is the second pm resigning since the last elections ? 
  ( or if the answer is letta , who was the first ? ), 
  no , sorry . 
  it was isolated in darmstadt , germany and the germans courteously named it after bohr . 
  suffice to say that the 2006 world cup finals are remembered for the `` fuck you france '' effect as much as for winning the cup ... 
  i frankly do n't see how you can read that into what you wrote . 
  italians know very well that borrowing money from the eu is the last thing we 'd want to do . 
  do n't go to romania . 
  looks like italian accent , if it were n't for the diacritics . 
  italian dubbing is actually very good . 
  often you can not even recognize the dubber 's voice . 
  different countries use different romanization standards . 
  the map lists spelling , not pronunciation . 
  it lists ya for russian because the official transliteration of the cyrillic \u042f is ya , not ja . 
  oh , you basque people and your adorable case system ... 
  the girl your second link talks about has not been found to date . 
  dna tests proved that she was the biological child of the person she was with . 
  he does n't have his passport anymore . 
  he 's going to go on probation or home detection in a few weeks . 
  in italy you can not go to jail above a certain age ( though it may be that you can still go to jail for remand , just not as a result of conviction ; i 'm not sure ) . 
  yeah , i must say our current pm was pretty badass in handling the situation . 
  but in general that 's the difference between presidential and parliamentary republics at work . 
  congress can just keep saying no , but the italian ( or german ) parliament can not without proposing a different solution ( i.e. 
  a different government ) . 
  on the other hand , you have : ( 1 ) more mess after the elections if you have 3-4 major parties as is the case in italy or germany ( 2 ) much less control on the executive branch if you have 2 as is the case in uk or spain . 
  bad proofreading , i meant immigration law . 
   is a union required for temp or part-time workers ? 
   is there a minimum income requirement ? 
  i do n't know about immigrants . 
  _ edit _ : about immigration law . 
   is temporary or part-time work allowed ? 
  yes . 
   is temporary or part-time work common ? 
  temporary work and freelance work is common , especially among younger people . 
  part-time work is not . 
  some employers use temporary work and especially freelance work because taxes are a bit lower ( for temporary work , which can be fine ) or entirely paid by the freelancer ( which sucks ) . 
   what are the minimum and maximum allowed work hours per week ? 
  minimum , i do n't know . 
  maximum is 38.5 , the contract may go above that but then the extra hours must be compensated by extra days off .
