   not sure if i agree with the whole `` unfit '' thing , but i see where you are coming from . 
  hey that was what plutarch said , not me . 
  i think the artist missed it too . 
  definitely the audience of `` il manifesto '' could understand the reference to throwing newborns into a chasm , but mostly does n't speak german and certainly is n't fluent enough to understand a double entendre . 
  i do n't think it 's a reference to 300 , but more to greek history in general . 
  it 's a reference to spartans killing `` unfit '' babies by throwing them into a chasm . 
  here you have schaeuble , who is on a wheelchair and hence `` unfit '' , pushing down the greeks . 
  mispronouncing `` ea '' as `` ee '' ( like great -  greet ) is also an eatalian specialty . 
  paying to get yourself a fast lane is okay . 
  if you build something for yourself to be faster , good for you . 
  having someone _ slow you down _ because you do not want to pay them ( which you do n't want to do because you 're not their customer ! ), 
  however is nothing but intimidation and should not be allowed . 
  basically you 're free to blackmail your customers , but should leave alone everyone else . 
  netflix can get a `` fast lane '' by putting their servers in the isp 's existing datacenters ( they already do that ) . 
  this is different from getting a `` slow lane '' compared to their neighbor because the neighbor is paying more . 
  i am afraid that mexico and hungary tried harder than you . 
  it 's basil . 
  oregano is only in pizza napoli ( together with tomato and anchovies ; do n't get an italian started on whether mozzarella goes into pizza napoli  ) . 
  there 's a school of thought for that too . 
  no one gives that hypothesis much weight , but it 's intriguing . 
  come on , everybody knows that italy 's flag colors were chosen to match pizza margherita . 
  he also said something like `` it has been scientifically proved that turks are dirty '' , for what it 's worth ... 
  i have german colleagues . 
  prosciutto , salame , lardo , whatever . 
  but do n't put any paprika on the baked ones . 
  paella vs. risotto . 
  garlic , oil and parsley is actually a very common way to eat spaghetti in italy . 
  and i would n't be surprised if italy tops that one as well . 
  as long as you do n't eat them with a spoon , we can make an effort to talk to you . 
  actually gnocchi simply means dumplings in italian ; the full name of gnocchi is `` gnocchi di patate '' , aka potato dumplings . 
  we call spaetzle gnocchetti ( little dumplings ) sometimes . 
  i paid the same in czech republic , but meat was half the italian price . 
  so for czech standards it was expensive . 
  when i was living abroad i bought valfrutta and la torrente . 
  most pasta you buy in italy is better than barilla . 
  but barilla is already on a different scale compared to cheap pasta sold abroad . 
  try tesco spaghetti , then report back . 
  goes from raw goo to overcooked goo in 20 seconds . 
  i suppose dry weight . 
  mashed potatoes is number one , baked potatoes is number two . 
  ^ ^ ^ boiled ^ ^ ^ potatoes ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ number ^ ^ ^ three . 
  they also would n't buy it . 
  barilla is almost the only edible pasta brand that you 'll find abroad , and people already complain that it costs too much . 
  the small brands cost at least twice as much . 
  pizza is bread done right . 
  no potatoes for you ? 
  however , they are more or less officially saying that intelligent design is crap , because it tries to apply scientific methods to something that by definition is not scientific ( how god could do x ) . 
  that 's already pretty good imo . 
  then how do you explain the much lower ranking of norway , sweden , and canada ? 
  and again , do the math . 
  assuming people suicide on average at age 20 ( _ very _ generous ) , a life expectancy of 80.77 ( from cia world fact book ) , and a rate of suicide of 14.8 people per 100 000 inhabitants , you can easily get the life expectancy if no one killed themselves : 20 * 14.8 / 100000 + x * ( 1-14 .8 / 100000 ) = 80.77 x = ( 80.77-20 * 14.8 / 100000 ) / ( 1-14 .8 / 100000 ) x = 80.7789952913 so , suicide is not a particularly relevant component of life expectancy . 
  sure , but it can hardly explain anything more than a 0.1 difference in life expectancy . 
  i do n't believe that shorter days contribute to finland 's suicide rate . 
  finland 's days are longer in the summer , are n't they ? 
  think of those poor ecuadorians whose days are always 7am to 7pm !, 
  and with hardly any sunrise or sunset . 
  anyway , finland 's suicide rate decreases life expectancy by less than 0.01 years compared to a country with zero suicides . 
  i was talking more of drinking , with respect to cultural factors . 
  inb4 catholics do n't kill themselves . 
  but no , sorry , that 's bullshit . 
  and even cultural factors can be fixed if it 's worth it . 
  less suicides should be worthwhile . 
   finns drank less and committed fewer suicides i do n't know why finns drink , but mental health is still health . 
   if you can \u00b4 t guard outer eu border ok , where 's czech republic 's money to help with that ? 
  as they say , if you ca n't keep your gdp per capite up with eu standard , you fail as ue member . 
   fptp gave them around 8 % of the scottish seats at westminster of the scottish seats , or of _ all _ seats ? 
  snp won almost all of the 59 scottish constituencies . 
   the last election would probably have looked like this under pr : it only would have looked like that with a * national * proportional system . 
  proportional systems based on small constituencies , each electing 4-6 mps , might give ukip way less than 13 % of the seats ( with 5 mps , and with 37 % to the winner and 30 % runner up , a constituency might end up electing 3 people for the winner and 2 people for the runner up , and no one from the small parties !, 
  interesting , i did n't know that & mdash ; thanks for clarifying . 
  i 've always thought that the point of fptp in the uk was to give more representation to regionally strong parties ( such as snp ) than to second-tier national parties ( such as ukip ) even if the total number of votes is similar . 
  that said it 's possible to do that with proportional systems too , for example by attributing seats proportionally within small costituency . 
  for example , if a constituency elects 5 mps and you have ~ 40 % party a , ~ 30 % party b , and three more parties for the remaining 30 % of the votes , you might end up with all mps chosen from parties a and b. 
  so it 's possible that , depending on how it 's designed , a proportional system would still give a large advantage to labour , the tories and the snp . 
  the new country would have started out of the eu , and spain would have vetoed entrance because of catalonia . 
  snp also needs fptp unless some special provision is made to ensure representation of local parties . 
  uhm , is n't 1 +2 equivalent to 3 espressos ? 
  i think it 's mandatory by law . 
  they were tried for predicting no earthquake ( which is different ) and latter acquitted . 
  also the most norman part of italy . 
  relatively lots of redheads in sicily , not kidding . 
  japan does n't have primary surplus though , does it ? 
  there are good analogies and bad/tasteless analogies . 
  well , he _ is _ equating bad money management in southern europe to `` spending everything on women and booze '' . 
  it does n't matter if it 's about spending money `` on '' that or `` like '' that , it 's crap talk anyway . 
  let 's talk about italy 's healthcare being better than the netherlands , while spending about 2 % less of the gdp on it ... 
  does n't mean he can not resign earlier . 
  still pretty packed ... 
   i do keto as it keeps my colitis in remission have you ever tested gotten for celiac disease or other gastrointestinal disorders ? 
  yes , about 80 grams a day for an adult is probably average . 
  and soups often have rice or small pasta shapes in it . 
  we love carbohydrates . 
  it 's worth noting that overcooking pasta softens the starch and makes it easier to assimilate , giving it a higher glycemic index . 
  so besides being better  there 's also health benefits in keeping your pasta _ al dente _ . 
  they are a bit worse when it comes to drinking . 
  also , our healthcare is pretty effective at screenings . 
  and the mandolins . 
  well , it was negative even before qe started . 
  if inflation rises , so do interest rates . 
  also inflation-linked government bonds exist .
