  also , you can have good reasons to move to china even if you are a decent human being . 
  the supply chain in chinese industrial districts is great , while the same is probably not true of ukraine . 
  milk adds some fat and protein . 
  `` greece had been spending too much '' ( for a country with such limited export ) is pretty much a given i think . 
  they admitted they had rigged their data basically . 
  it was just the worst possible time to inflict austerity upon them . 
  but even if it 's not the greeks ' fault , it was clearly myopic on part of their politicians . 
  not only they risk stepping into the trap that denmark was nearing in the early 1980s -- it 's exactly the same trap that they were in with the lira or the peseta . 
  italy is still paying 8 % interest in some bonds it emitted in the early 1990s , i have no idea how it managed not to default when under soros 's attack . 
  but after it did n't , it was a point of no return , it made no sense for italy _ not _ to join the euro . 
  in fact austerity started for us in 1996-7 when we had to get back into the maastricht limits , and it was a damn good time to do austerity because economy was growing well . 
  unfortunately it was n't handled as well by berlusconi when he became prime minister in 2001 and started spending money badly . 
  italy was n't really affected by the dot com bubble , so they should have kept saving money . 
  that imo is what put us in a worse position after 2008 . 
  first difference between argentina and every country on the eurozone : argentina has oil . 
  second difference , it is still a developing country ; there is much more room to increase internal consumptions , which increases the gdp ( and the black market is part of the gdp ) . 
  also , i would need to check but i suspect argentina does not have the same kind of welfare that we are used to in europe . 
  it 's not comparing apples to oranges , it 's comparing broccoli to pineapples . 
  debt is just a figure ( and so are deficit , current surplus , etc. ) . 
  figures are meaningless without attaching an analysis to them . 
  i agree with you on qe , but he has a point that you can not compare belgium and greece ( or greece and italy for that matter ) . 
   trumpas confirmed lithuanian !, 
  if he was n't either stupid or insane during the great leap forward ( let 's say a whole six years before the cultural revolution ) , i do n't know who is . 
  gypsies are gypsies pretty much everywhere . 
  your little bro is saying that halusky jsou lepsi nez svickova ( sorry , do n't know how to make the hacky on my keyboard ... ) . 
  that 's not how probability works . 
  with italy , not with germany . 
  in 2015 tunisia refused to have him back after he got out of jail in italy . 
  then all italy could say was , `` well , get out of italy '' and he went to germany . 
  well , that 's exactly what they did with italy . 
   ad hoc border control checking on a train would have been much more risky than outside a station at 3am . 
  lombardia has 15 % of the population of italy , so there 's 4 % of muslims here . 
  probably much more in some areas and for the 18-44 age range . 
  they can hide him , but the police most likely knows who they are and has decided that they can hide him but wo n't hit themselves . 
  in other words , everything is working as planned . 
  see also the story of a guy who got here about 10 years ago , got in jail , got out of jail . 
  when out of jail he contacted some extremist guys , so the police expelled him and arrested about 30 extremists . 
  the right-wing tried to paint it as a failure because the guy had not been expelled before , whereas in fact the police had been following him all the time and got _ much _ more out of him than just kicking him out of italy . 
   the common thought here is that we are in fact too kind . 
  the common thought is usually wrong . 
  the suspect shot first and hit the other policeman . 
  this was not a swat team , it was a routine id check outside a train station . 
  everybody would rather have him jailed , but let 's give the guys a break . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/jul/04/future-of-eu-nationals-in-uk-uncertain-may-comments-tory-leadership-brexit  the leave campaign tried to dispel such fears by promising to guarantee the position of eu citizens in britain by saying those who were lawfully resident in the uk would be offered indefinite leave to remain . 
    but may has refused to give this guarantee . 
  `` we are still a member of the eu -- there is no change in their position currently . 
  but of course as part of the negotiation we will need to look at this question of people who are here in the uk from the eu , '' she told itv 's peston on sunday show . 
  `` i want to ensure that we are able to not just guarantee the positions of those people but guarantee the positions of british citizens in other member states . '' i see where she was coming from , but then ... that 's one of those things that are _ so _ obvious that you just do n't say them . 
  otherwise everyone else will only see bad things in what you say . 
  or good things , if they are farage or the eurosceptic tories . 
  the thing is that without an advance term the eu has no way to know it 's not a bluff . 
  you may want to negotiate 3 years instead of 2 , and say okay i 'll trigger article 50 but i want you to agree on an extended term for negotiations , but then would n't that mean you 're scared of exiting ? 
  i do n't understand how the hardest brexit is worse for the eu then for the uk . 
  because if it 's not , the eu would just shrug , and call the bluff when the uk has less than 2 years left ( so they would now be better off triggering article 50 ) . 
  but i must be missing something . 
  let me explain you the metaphor . 
  she first treated eu immigrants as bargaining chips _ as if _ she had n't realized uk had expats in the european union too , and then realized that the eu could do the same . 
  except the eu was n't the one who brought up immigrants first , and only later did may realize that britain also had expats . 
  an arrest means you might try to hide proof of your crime , repeat it or flee . 
  an investigation does n't . 
  sure , i 'm saying that calling it a `` wrong political decision '' is quite an understatement . 
  it can be a crime against humanity even if it 's not genocide . 
  it 's not just a political decision . 
  the great leap forward was a sequence of incredibly stupid political decisions ( coupled with torture and violence , granted ) . 
  but taking * all * grain away from farmers as punishment is not just a stupid political decision , it 's a criminal one . 
  i do n't think we recognized what a genocide or a mad murder could be until after the holocaust and the nuremberg trials . 
  that still does not prevent us from calling a genocide with its name even if it had happened before 1945 . 
  cologno monzese is a city bordering with milan . 
  he 'll just delay it to after they approve the 2017 budget . 
  so is renzi , to some extent . 
  no , he has always been like that . 
  he was in the christian democratic party ( known as `` margherita '' from the symbol ) . 
  i do not think the turnout would be even 20 % . 
  it makes no sense really . 
  no way . 
  m5s said they do n't want to form a coalition , and of course they do n't because they would lose half their votes immediately . 
  they are not going to be part of a government . 
  some bits could be separated , but the constitution must be balanced so you can not vote on everything separately . 
  i asked the mods for for approval . 
  no , but actually this summer was pretty good until last week . 
  close windows and blinds early in the morning , open blinds for dinner , open windows when going to bed , sleep comfortably at 28 degrees :-( and repeat . 
  not now , it 's zero degrees at 4500 m or so . 
  echr is unrelated to the eu , for what it 's worth . 
  it happened on may 6 , 2009 . 
  the ships was in international waters and was `` bounced '' ( after moving the people to italian ships ) . 
  the people were n't identified or allowed to seek asylum ; _ plus _ they were later detained and abused in libya ( so much for people that claim the `` nearest safe harbor '' is in libya these days ) . 
  some of them actually did reach europe later and were granted asylum , one of them even by italy . 
  by `` condemned '' , i mean by the echr . 
   pick them up and send them back to the shores of libya italy has already been condemned for doing that in the past . 
  libya and safe in the same sentence ? 
  ships are supposed to take them to the closest safe port . 
  the law may be broken and flawed , but that does n't make you an expert in international law . 
  sure , it only takes months . 
  keep them on the ship in the meanwhile . 
  except that as soon as some one _ declares himself/herself to be a refugee _ , international law tells you to treat them as if they were . 
  not that italy would fare badly ... 
  without an economy after the phosphate mines have been exhausted completely . 
  lampedusa is a well-known destination for tourism . 
  inflation is also an effect of devaluation . 
  the thing is , brexit has n't happened yet .
