  ( and i 'm from northern italy ; i shiver when i imagine how it must be in the poorer parts ) . 
   italy needs to fix this , but frankly , i do n't know how . 
  i wish i knew . 
  if 315.000 people ( the `` missing '' 0.63 % ) more paid 120.000 euros each , that would bring 38 billion euros to the state every year . 
   you are overstating the role of tax evasion by the rich . 
  only 0.07 % of italians can be considered rich only 0.07 % of italians can be considered rich _ because _ rich self-employed people are evading income tax . 
   you yourself have said that tax evasion is rampant , so that statistic is probably skewed . 
  that 's my point . 
  to me , people that declare 100.000 gross income are still part of the `` middle class that shapes a country '' . 
  for many of them , their professions are typically done by self-employed people ( at least in italy ) : doctors working outside hospitals , lawyers , tax counsellors , etc. 
  yet these professions ( but also jewellers ) declare _ on average _ ( on average !!! ), 
  1000-2000 euros/month . 
  the middle class is _ not _ participating in building the country . 
  in fact they 're leeching on the services that should be for the poor , because they also pay less for services that are taxed depending on the income ( including school ) . 
  where does the middle class end ? 
  in italy , only 1 % of the population declares 100.000 euros gross income or more [ _ edit : because of evasion _ ] . 
  i could n't find data for sweden , but i suspect it looks a bit different . 
   are all the companies , even the small ones paying the taxes ? 
  is every little restaurant in naples diligently paying to the tax man ? 
  that 's exactly my point about correlation between self-employment and evasion . 
  you misunderstood what i was trying to say ( and i did n't phrase it well ) . 
  you said `` how can one expect service if one does n't pay ? '' . 
  well , most people do pay , so they rightly expect service . 
  service that does n't come , because most of the richer people ( and also part of the middle class ) do n't pay taxes . 
  at least in italy , tax evasion _ is _ done mostly by the rich ( not the super rich ) , because the poor are almost never self-employed . 
   that does n't mean you should change the way you deduct taxes for normal people i agree . 
  the problem is that most people must pay . 
  if you are employed , taxes are deducted straight from your paycheck . 
  on the other hand , most rich people are self-employed and have a lot of ways to evade taxation . 
  so , those who actually _ need _ services usually are the ones who pay taxes . 
  those who do n't need them , and would help fund those services , are the ones who do n't pay . 
  _ edit _ : really badly phrased , see reply below, 
  people that emigrate from the south typically have degrees . 
  it is actually easier to find a job with technical high school education than with a degree in many parts of italy . 
  also , italy has one of the highest life expectations in europe , and ( especially for women ) going to high school was n't that common until the 70s . 
  that must have an influence . 
  it might even be that the last non-italian pope before jp ii was elected before 1492 . 
  english may work for swedes ( probably not the retired ones who travel to southern europe though ) , but not for germans . 
  is 51 % for civil unions or marriage ? 
  and portugal too . 
  i do n't think that 's what he was referring to , but thanks anyway for the compliment !!!, 
  it counts as living with parents because most of the time you do not have an actual contract . 
  i agree to some extent , but in all fairness how many students do search for a job as a waiter , or selling electronics under christmas , or stuff like that ? 
  and how many parents are okay with sons/daughters taking an indefinite amount of time to finish university ? 
   mortgages have been messing with national economies since at least the 80s ( when the japanese housing bubble ran wild ) . 
  we do take mortgages actually , but we hardly take any other loan . 
  perhaps for a car , but that 's it . 
  for example , household debt in italy is 45 % of the gdp vs. 80 % in spain and ~ 100 % in the uk ( [ source ] ( http://www.gfmag.com/tools/global-database/economic-data/11855-total-debt-to-gdp.html ) ) . 
  i do n't think italians are particularly representative of cultural patterns , just of stereotypes . 
  the real difference is what the government does to get you out of your parents ' house . 
  here , housing for students are almost exclusively for those that come from far away . 
  government does n't help you with housing , perhaps with tuition if you 're good . 
  also , people try to get their own house rather than pay the rent , which means getting a mortgage , and banks do not help at all -- especially with the high interests we have now . 
  monti was called to do the dirty work . 
  you can not really judge him on his cut-the-deficit bills . 
  ( also remember that 6 % for national funding is a disaster . 
  it means private companies will not get any less than 6 % from the banks , and that kills competitivity ) . 
  he started doing other good things , but partly his government had some limits and partly he was blocked by the parliament ( remember italy is not a presidential system ) . 
  i still have some hope , though less than a year ago ... 
  berlusconi is not about capitalism . 
  it is sheer populism . 
  yes . 
  they are elected on the same day with similar modes , but one is national ( votes are summed , a bonus is assigned to the first party and then distributed back to the precincts ) ; the other is regional ( the bonus is assigned separately in each region ) . 
  bersani is pretty much guaranteed to win the lower house , but at the senate he may end up with only 45 % or so . 
  the problem is whether the leftists would accept that . 
  bersani might have to choose between monti and vendola . 
  not really sure about the senate . 
  berlusconi is strong in lombardy and veneto , and those alone give ~ 50 senators ( 15 % of the house ) . 
  it was fun for me . 
   but i forgot almost everything so fast ... 
  the difference is that taxes are _ not _ about contractual ability and `` bang for their back '' . 
  perhaps someone who has a really bad health problem will get all what they paid and more . 
  but someone who makes a lot of money just can not get back from the welfare state the amount they paid in taxes . 
   males pay more taxes because of that males do n't pay more taxes because of that . 
  males get back less of their taxes because of that . 
  perhaps they get back more because the state pays their healthcare after they destroy their car . 
   if taxes are meant to equalize , then think of this no discrimination in insurance rule , as a hidden tax on women that `` equalizes '' . 
  perhaps . 
  but it may just help the insurance companies find better strategies to be competitive ( i 'm optimist i know ) . 
  for example , for car insurance bonus/malus works better than gender-based premiums anyway . 
  perhaps some initial risk imbalance in favor of women exists in the beginning , but i do n't see why it should still be there after 4-5 years without causing any accident . 
   male wages are also lower as a result of people not being able to discriminate  hiring women on the workplace and women having paid leave when they get  pregnant . 
  are you serious ? 
  paid pregnancy is paid by the state , not the company . 
  well , perhaps they 're lower because of taxes , but then that 's true also of healthcare etc. 
  the whole point of taxes is to average out the expenses among everyone , and to do so based on one 's actual possibility to contribute . 
   then it would be logical to charge the same premia for people with different ages as well . 
  it is . 
  in many cases , the premium does not depend on your current age , but on the age when you _ started _ the insurance . 
  that most car insurance policies are bonus/malus , for example . 
  bonus/malus lets you evaluate the risk on the single person rather than on broad classes . 
  wow , never eaten that while i lived in cr . 
  shame . 
  northern italian dialects are closer to spanish and french than southern dialects . 
  the romans and the renaissance were pretty cool , but more recently i 'd say the [ treaty of rome ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_rome ) . 
   bunch of people protested and rioted even at its darkest hour . 
  well honestly when do people protest ? 
  when they 're happy ? 
  protests are not necessarily rational . 
  it 's a bit politically incorrect , but not offensive i think ( at least for european standards ... ) .
