  the senate however has half the number of people , so it only counts half so to speak . 
  consider fini is not your typical right-wing guy . 
  he 's in favor of `` jus soli '' citizenship , for one thing . 
  a ) ... and grillo would have ( rightly ) complained that he did so in order to exclude m5s from picking the new president . 
  b ) 100 % agreed . 
  c ) bersani should resign , but can not . 
  there 's no one else that can act as the _ in pectore _ premier . 
  d ) i disagree . 
  the left did relatively well on reforms in 2006-2008 ( relatively well = better than anyone else ) . 
  but they 're hampered by the amount of people that would not vote for ( ex ) commies no matter what , and they 're of course absolutely unable to communicate . 
  e ) me too . 
  we are a parliamentary republic . 
  we can not do reforms without the parliament anyway , especially if the government can not put `` questione di fiducia '' on them . 
  where do you think disappointed grillo voters will go back to ? 
  i would n't be that sure . 
  the natural flow of votes is from grillo to pdl and from pd to grillo . 
  grillo proposed di pietro ( srsly ? ), 
  and the nobel prize for literature dario fo . 
  perhaps someone should tell him what a potr is supposed to do . 
  would it mean a break ? 
  first , it depends on who they choose . 
  second , the government should be already formed ( or not formed ) by the time the potr is elected . 
  if it has not been formed , bersani has nothing to lose . 
  if it has been formed , grillo would have a lot to explain to his electors if he pulls the plug after just one month . 
  you only need 50 % +1 of the votes to elect the new president . 
  bersani and monti can pull it alone . 
  monti remains premier , but can only deliberate on ordinary matters ( like now ) . 
  either we go to a belgium-like scenario , or the new president of the republic calls new elections , which berlusconi would easily win . 
  the difference is simply that estonia and latvia completed the austerity policy . 
  southern europe has n't yet , italy may be the first to do so since we have reached zero debt increase ( of course that 's not enough if the gdp shrinks , but it 's a start ) . 
  latvia was in deep shit around 2010 just like in the recession years before . 
  read the article , unemployment was at 30 % . 
  nobody knows because it 's small and does n't get in the news unlike italy and spain , and because it 's not a large economy that affects the rest of europe as much as italy and spain . 
   the matter is a bit more complex : first , it is true that many bersani 's voters would frown upon an agreement with the center-right , but a significant portion of the center-left constituency would be way unhappy as well in the wake of an alliance with beppe grillo ( who is seen by many people on the left as a modern times fascist and nothing more ) . 
  it is , but seeing him at 30 % has shocked the electors , and it really looks like the lesser evil . 
  also , grillo 's program has quite a few `` left-friendly '' items . 
  some are insane , but finding a compromise with him might be easier than with berlusconi . 
  what remains to be seen , is how grillo will manage the thing . 
  berlusconi proved to be unreliable too many times in the past ( starting with the bicamerale and ending with monti ) , i find it hard to believe that grillo can be worse than that , especially since he 's under probation of a few million voters . 
  also , grillo can not count on the votes of `` people who would rather die than vote for the commies '' , which is what makes it so easy for berlusconi to win . 
  you wo n't hear me saying this too often but ... if the markets believe berlusconi to provide any kind of stability , then fuck the markets . 
  150 unexperienced people ( most of whom are probably crapping their own pants right now ) can not be worse than someone as slimy as berlusconi . 
   italy is the first country to acknowledge reality . 
  italy is also the only country that can afford to acknowledge reality . 
  we are going in deeper shit every day , but the bitter pills we swallowed last year actually did their job . 
  we should be able now to do something else than austerity and invert the trend : we have no structural debt anymore and we know of a lot of things that can and should be reformed . 
  the same can not be said of other countries such as portugal and spain , unfortunately . 
  in fact , the result of the election is actually not that bad . 
  berlusconi 's main disaster in the last 12 years were the reforms he promised and did n't do . 
  heck , monti and prodi ( 2006-2008 ) did more than him in just 3 years vs. 9 . 
  and berlusconi lost . 
  the centre-left did n't win either , but has 3 times the number of elected people in the lower house compared to berlusconi . 
  berlusconi is condemned to irrelevance until the next elections , and that 's a good thing for reforms . 
   it 's not that bad : overly shitty economy resulted in massive numbers of voters craving somebody to yell a loud and clear vaffanculo to europe , to austerity , to mrs. merkel and whatnot . 
  among those , the more educated voted mr. b and the less educated voted mr. g. spot on , though i 'd invert the b and g in this sentence . 
   sooner or later it will become clear that the one and only viable option is a grosse koalition including left and right i disagree with this , as we discussed over at / r/italy . 
  bersani knows that a grosse koalition would not be appreciated by his voters , and that grillo as the opposition is too dangerous . 
   what makes you think italy does n't know this ? 
  how do you know berlusconi is n't trying to actively sabotage the process ? 
  you are overestimating him a lot . 
  when berlusconi opens his mouth , 99 % of the time he does n't believe what he 's saying , he 's just looking for votes . 
  once he 's in power , he 's a total pussy . 
  bersani clearly comes out of the election as the loser , yet he is the only one who can be the prime minister and he has a huge responsibility now . 
  he has to do what obama is doing now ( governing the country without a majority in the higher house ) , except italy is a parliamentary republic rather than a presidential republic . 
  bersani and grillo can manage to do _ something _ popular and crush berlusconi together . 
  but it 's not so easy , because bersani _ also _ has to resuscitate the economy ; while austerity is likely coming to an end after the german elections , it 's still very difficult to do with only 30 % of the senate votes . 
  meanwhile , the right can just sit and watch . 
  one faux pas , and we 're hosed . 
  yes , that 's pretty much the sole hope that 's left . 
  he 's already preparing for the next elections , where berlusconi will win ( _ really _ win ) . 
  we 're hosed . 
  it means that whoever has the lower house can not really do anything . 
  the last two times we had `` protest votes '' were in 1994 and in the 20s . 
  make your math . 
  the opposition is _ not _ fragmented . 
  it 's 30/30/30 , and grillo is not _ specifically _ opposition to berlusconi , he 's opposition to everyone . 
  the reason why berlusconi is winning in the senate is because he is cashing large seat bonuses , _ not _ because its electoral system penalizes the fragmented forces . 
  no , it 's much simpler than that . 
  he wins in few regions , but very populous ( lombardy , sicily , campania , veneto , and surprisingly piedmont + apulia too ) . 
  the barriers for entering the senate really had little or no impact . 
   38 billion would be a sizable sum , about 9 % of the total tax income for 2012 . 
  it 's really math . 
  you said `` let us assume you are right and that the number of rich people is actually , say , 10 times higher '' , and that 's what i did . 
  you gave numbers for people earning 300.000 euros or more , and i estimated they would pay 40 % of their income . 
  then i multiplied the two . 
  i did n't check that the data made sense , i wanted to show that it _ is _ a sizable part of the evasion ( also because it does n't include the 100.000-300 .000 euro range ) . 
   this phenomenon ca n't be fully attributable to tax dodging by the richest taxpayers . 
  indeed , it can not . 
  people who do n't request invoices ( evaded vat ) are just as responsible . 
  that 's why i always pay by credit card in restaurants , so i force them to pay taxes without getting into stupid discussions . 
  unfortunately the stupid discussions do happen when i pay with my meal tickets . 
  : / but i rarely hear from doctors `` 50 euros without invoice , 60 with invoice '' ( i.e. 
  the professional lets you evade vat ) . 
  i more often hear `` 50 euros without invoice , 100 with invoice '' ( i.e. 
  they want you to pay his income tax ) . 
  in the latter case the guilt is _ not _ equally distributed . 
   how can the middle class complain then , if they behave like that ? 
  it 's everyone else who complains . 
  workers who earn 800-1200 euros/month and see themselves getting closer and closer to poverty level ; and skilled employees who earn 2000-3000 euros/month , i.e. 
  the part of middle class that pays a lot of taxes and yet has to live with inadequate service .
