  seems like a good idea , but where do you find a someone like that ? 
  i 'd never quite realized what a sad state the idea of democracy is in . 
  so now that we 've tried it and it failed what do we try next ? 
  the question that i always ask myself is : why do the other countries go along with it ? 
  are their politicians that much more retarded or is there some good reason for it ? 
  despite whatever else they might say , politicians mostly care about election results in their own country and the results in germany screamed ... 
  nothing really , other than maybe `` what you 're doing is okay , please continue '' . 
  i do not have an english link , however according to [ this ] ( http://www.ruhrnachrichten.de/staedte/dortmund/44137-city~/neonazi-randale-vorm-rathaus-der-staatsschutz-war-schon-weg;art930,2375347 ) article the first policemen arrived within 5 minutes of the first call . 
  the second part is less dishonest , but that nobody was arrested is n't too surprising imo . 
  i think there 's a rather high threshold for putting someone in jail . 
  however they are investigating 27 nazis ( and 6 demonstrants ) for various crimes , so it 's not like they let everyone go just like that . 
   the police did n't do shit if you would get your news from a legitimate site you 'd know that that is n't true, 
  they did not make a choice to subordinate themselves to their ( allegedly ) guilty state , they wanted to make a living , feed their families etc. 
  but when people come along and play judge , jury and executioner all in one , of course they like to make the whole thing seem more important than it really is . 
  why should the wronged be allowed to seek redress from those not directly responsible ? 
  a guy kills my child , what right do i have to murder guy who rented him a flat ? 
  without responsibility there can be no crime . 
  mens rea is important , but the actus reus so much more . 
  a crime comitted in my name , but against my will is not my fault . 
  wether it is justice or not , i 'd still call the yemeni a barbarian for killing another human being for no good reason . 
  of course . 
  if everyone on this planet agreed with me on everything , i think it 'd be a weird and slightly boring planet anyways . 
  as long as you do n't start killing people i do n't hate you . 
  when did the german state kill millions in vietnam ? 
  never . 
  okay , let 's say their support of the vietnam war makes them guilty of every death that happened there ( please tell me if you ever set up a justice system anywhere , so i know which region of the world to avoid by the way ) , does that mean that any lowly clerk deserves to be killed ? 
  but okay , let 's ignore the policemen , what about the soldiers ? 
  still , collective guilt is not just . 
  you are only ever guilty of acts you commit ( or order people to commit ) . 
  and even if someone is guilty , they still do not deserve to die . 
  capital punishment is barbarism , plain and simple . 
  i do not decry violence uniformly , i decry violence against innocents . 
  people who are n't innocent ( like those killing innocents for example ) certainly should be acted against , even with violence if necessary . 
  sadly i never took philosophy 101 so i ca n't really tell you anything about deontology , consequentialism or other similarly smart words . 
  i only use what i would like to call gesunden menschenverstand . 
  you know that most of their victims were simple police officers and us soldiers ? 
  i doubt it , but it does n't really change anything anyways . 
  i do not think there is any difference between you and a sympathizer of the nsu . 
  it is the same mindset , that `` those guys '' are basically not human and deserve to die . 
  not really a major player compared to those three yet, 
  can we assume that the 53 % that did n't go and vote would vote less for fringe parties than those that did ? 
  yes , 18:00, 
  the problem i see with it is that it took two rather bloody wars to grow us together in such a way . 
  turkey . 
  huh . 
  well at least it 's warm and the people seem to be pretty cool . 
  the difference is that with genetic code rewriting we now know what we are doing , while before we were just hoping for the best , so i 'm not really sure what strawman you 're talking about . 
  if it 's that easy , why not ? 
  i mean honestly , it would be great if all our demographic problems could be solved like that . 
  but equality is important today , so we should n't forget the honourable fathers in our ... struggle ? 
  if only there was some way by which young europeans could be created ... maybe we should put some scientists on that , after all other continents seem to be able to do that just fine . 
  we 've never had a problem with having a more nuanced reponse than blasting any threat full of lead , so why change it ? 
  warning shots are fine , shooting people in the legs is fine if it 's possible . 
  and if absolutely necessary shooting to kill is fine , too , but it should n't be the first response of a police officer encountering a threat . 
  more likely to justify the things that people do and want to do . 
  which is why `` in this case guns are certainly not the right way of dealing with it '' . 
  but if there is n't a crowd it certainly is an option . 
  while in this case guns are certainly not the right way of dealing with it , this is n't america either . 
  you absolutely shoot to wound and disable first if you have the chance . 
   we as germans especially should be the ones who come up with ideas ideas are nice , but we ca n't force the other european countries to accept them . 
  and i ca n't think of an idea that would be accepted in the countries that are in the enviable position that refugees do n't exactly want to go there ( i.e. 
  eastern europe ) . 
  interesting . 
  speaking neither language i find italian easier to understand , too . 
  `` non \u00e8 '' is rather straightforward , but without the context i 'd have no idea what `` c'est pas '' would mean . 
  sure . 
  but it does n't change the fact that by being civilly disobedient they are apparently breaking the law . 
  civil disobedience is n't inherently good or bad . 
  in a democratic society there are ways to change the laws without much bloodshed . 
  if you want to go another route you must be prepared to deal with the consequences , as i am sure the people objecting to any kind of service are . 
  the un and ai should worry about actual issues if they want to be taken seriously . 
  what exactly is it about civilian service that kills you ? 
  and we did n't all just stop doing it , instead our government passed a law ( or repealed one ? ), 
  so that it is now voluntary . 
  if the un and amnesty are allowed to complain about some finnish policy why ca n't i complain about them complaining ? 
   i bet a good chunk of these people are anarchists who do not believe in taxes either . 
  then they ought to start their own ( not - ) state . 
  with blackjack , hookers and neither taxes nor involuntary national services . 
  wanting to change the law is fine , breaking it for no good reason is not . 
   i agree , but why does it have to be involuntarily ? 
  so that you can plan how much money you have to pay for all kinds of services and do n't have to rely on the fickle generosity of the average citizen . 
  i know i would n't pay nearly as much if i did n't have to . 
  why would others ? 
  if you 're talking about the national service i 'd argue that labour and money can be used interchangeably . 
  so i can maybe see that it would be just if you could pay to be exempted , but otherwise it 's just another tax that everyone has to `` pay '' . 
  taxes are involuntary in nature , too , but i do n't see them complaining about those . 
  if you want to live in a functioning society , you have to pay for it with . 
  sometimes with money or in this case with your labour . 
   options to turn off a lot of the things what are the things i do n't have the option to turn off ? 
  since i see no good reason to write it down on a bit of paper , let alone enforce it if it were written down , i strongly believe that it is indeed fine . 
  do n't get me wrong , animal welfare is important and hunting for fun may be objectionable , but that 's about the extent of it . 
  huh , it 's almost like we treat humans and animals differently , as if there was n't a universal declaration of animal rights . 
   decrease passive suffrage for high political office . 
  sounds reasonable enough . 
  of course there are some practical issues that would need to be worked out ( like if people who have knowledge about a certain field are also able to administrate a political office ) . 
  aside from that the only real objection one might have is that it makes it very hard for people without university education to hold office , but that 's hardly different right now . 
   politicians should be subject to some very stringent judicial supervision i 'm not sure if there 's a practical way to do that . 
  you might end up with judges being the de facto politicians by keeping them on a very tight leash . 
  and depending on how you regulate `` crimes related to the political office '' you wo n't find many educated people willing to take the risk . 
  of course point 3 addresses that but it does n't really explain how .
