  those are all problems that may be worked out in practice , but i believe the biggest problem is not really managable : unless you ban certain opinions or policies from the start you will certainly find people who have a `` track record '' in their field that want to implement all sorts of wildly different policies . 
  and then you still have the people pick the one who is best able to advertise his policies , not necessarily the one whose policy truly is the best ( if we can even make such judgement calls ) . 
  ca n't the same be said for the issue of increased european federalization ? 
  it 's an issue where there are a lot of ideological divides in the electorates of different nations . 
  i do n't think there is a categorically correct and a categorically false answer to it . 
  they all have their advantages and disadvantages and what is right for you depends on the priorities that you have . 
  what kind of overhaul could you possibly make that would improve democracy ? 
  either you make it more democratic which brings all the problems that you mention , or you make it less democratic and lose the great advantage of the current system i.e. 
  that the people feel like they are in charge and really are able to direct policy to a certain degree . 
  i actually meant elections as a kind of referendum in which everyone gets to decide what society should look like . 
  i feel like if we are n't willing to let the people decide singular issues that may decide the course of their nation in the long term then how are they fit to rule all of us in the short term of the electoral cylce ? 
  in my opinion democracy without `` mob rule '' is either undemocratic or just good at hiding the mob behind elaborate schemes . 
  for what issues is that untrue though ? 
  we ask the average citizens , and even the below average citizens , to answer hundreds of highly complicated questions with just a single answer every couple of years and hardly anyone complains . 
  this would n't be any worse . 
  well , i 'm always willing to learn more , but here 's how i would rank those identities right now : `` you do n't understand mom , this is really me '' :  genderqueer ( different from queer )  demisexual  unsure/questioning ( i mean you can be unsure , but what kind of identity is that ? ), 
   omnisexual  agender  neutrois  two-spirits ( at least for people growing up in western society ) lifestyle :  polyamorous  pansexual ( i mean it 's really just bisexual but with a more hip label , no ? ), 
   ( asexual ) actual medical issue :  ( asexual )  intersex so intersex is the only one that at least has some similarity to lgbt , and in that case i do believe that it should be `` solved '' to the best of our ability shortly after birth . 
  in my opinion lgbt is for people who face actual societal issues and q + is for those who make lifestyle choices that are n't mainstream and want their `` discrimination '' to be taken just as seriously . 
  but let 's be honest , emos , metalheads and punks also make such lifestyle choices and are also `` discriminated '' against and yet i do n't see them latching onto movements they have no business latching on to, 
  looking at the history of the eurozone compared to the history of the union before that ( which i 'll freely admit i was not old enough to experience myself ) , i 'd say the euro has failed and failed hard at that at least ... 
  oh come on , that 's just as good an argument against the ez in its entirety : without it after all there would n't even be the risk for economic and political fallout in europe . 
  clearly the euro will be the cause of ww3 if we do n't stop it before it 's too late / s, 
  i think that as long as he still has a gun and is still a threat there is n't much that you can do that would be considered excessive . 
  the problem is i 'd be perfectly fine with every other country doing things the way we are doing them if they want to . 
  i 'm not nearly as fine with other countries telling us how to do things , if it 's at all avoidable . 
  that 's not a particularly good basis for federalizing anything imo . 
  in japan , too , but toppling the dictators was just the last step of a very long process . 
  both countries had to be bled dry militarily and the populace bombed into submission ( e.g. 
  dresden , tokio , hiroshima , nagasaki ) , but after that there was no counter-insurgency needed in either country . 
  as brutal as it sounds , it is my belief that if you 're not willing to completely break a people 's will to fight and then , and only then , impose your will on them you simply ca n't expect such a great cultural shift . 
  because as soon as you topple a dictator , peace , prosperity and democracy will follow in an instant . 
  ^ ^ please ^ ^ ignore ^ ^ that ^ ^ this ^ ^ has ^ ^ never ^ ^ worked ^ ^ before, 
  there 's a fat line between ausl\u00e4nder and jahrevignette though ... 
  the idea is to do a full refund , yes . 
  and the way i understand it is that , just like the vehicle tax , as long as the vehicle is street-legal you have to pay even if it 's just rusting away in your garage . 
  the entire motivation behind it is to have anyone who ever uses a street in germany pay for it . 
  and since germans are already doing that they now want to squeeze the foreigners a little since that wo n't cost them any votes in the next election . 
  i will believe that the tolls are not used for anything when i see it . 
  and even if it is n't , to assume that the federal budget is that inflexible is quite optimistic . 
  `` hey , we make 200 million in tolls . 
  lets reduce the budget of the verkehrsministerium by 199 million . '', 
   so i do n't quite understand why the germans should get a refund/discount just because they pay a regular tax . 
  so that everyone who uses streets in germany has to pay for it , and germans still pay the same amount as they did before . 
  yeah , but you ca n't ask the german government to lower your vehicle tax or give you a rebate , because you do n't pay taxes to the german government . 
  why then should you be allowed to effectively ask the german government to increase our total vehicle tax ? 
  because lets be honest , in this case tolls and the vehicle tax are pretty much the same . 
  splitting it into parts is just a nice taschenspielertrick to make the amount paid seem lower . 
  we 'd still be paying car taxes and the highway toll as well . 
  that 's why i 'm saying they should scrap the whole rebate idea and just lower it straight up . 
  surely the eu ca n't tell us how high or low our taxes ought to be ( yet ) ? 
  the trade ship has already sailed when the toll for trucks was implemented . 
  i do n't think we need it for cars either , but you try telling the government that it does n't need more money . 
  it 's like telling an alcoholic that beer does n't taste good . 
  to treat non-residents equally they 'd have to start paying the german car tax first . 
  you can hardly give a tax rebate for a tax that is n't applied in the first place , can you ? 
  i remember having fuel prices at 1.80 , but those were d-mark . 
  my condolences ... 
  are you sure ? 
  everything i can find on the topic is that the deductions from the car tax are the issue , and that foreigners can purchase all kinds of [ passes ] ( http://live0.zeit.de/infografik/maut-vignette-kosten/maut-vignette-kosten_breit.jpg ), 
  holy shit , how have you not torched the parliament yet ? 
  i 'd rather cross the atlantic to see what fuel prices * could * be like tbh, 
  weirdly enough germany ca n't tell the slovenian , french or italian government how to tax or not tax their citizens . 
  take it up with your government if you feel like you 're paying too much , or do n't if you feel like you 're paying a fair amount . 
  though i agree , the tax rebate idea is silly . 
  they should just straight up lower the tax by the same amount . 
  because the fuel prices are already ridiculously high and they would like to be elected again . 
  taxation is the art of not having the populace notice how much they actually pay . 
  that 's why there are so many small taxes instead of a single big one . 
  well i do care about equal rights for non-married people , even though i 'm not certain they are a minority . 
  gay marriage is still just an exacerbation of the injustice that is straight marriage . 
  there 's no real progress there . 
  i see no reason to support any party over something i could not care less about ( who can or can not marry whom ) rather than over something that is at least mildly important to me ( how fast can we drive to places ) . 
  even though my support would please some people , it would displease others as well . 
  and then which group should i show solidarity to if i do n't care ? 
  why not the other one ? 
  it 's certainly more important to me than getting married , gay or straight . 
  and it 's not like the greens have something great in other areas that would make me want to vote for them . 
  if i 'd been asked i 'd probably be among the other 66 % as well . 
  it 's not really deceiving when she does exactly what i expect her to do , is it ? 
  one of the few ones that does n't get paid for it . 
  if you want to make an argument against tolls in general then make it , but why are german tolls worse than austrian tolls , italian tolls , french tolls etc pp ? 
  as it should be . 
  all the taxes that come with owning and using a car in germany are high enough already , there is no reason to increase them any further . 
  i 'm glad they try to find a way around it , if only for the sake of not getting the boot in the next election . 
  because that is what tolls without any kind of rebate will get you . 
  i never expected to pay less overall so i ca n't say i 'm disappointed as long as it does n't swing the other way . 
  the idea with the rebate is of course retarded and they should just lower the tax in a way that everyone pays the same as before , but with politics you have to take what you can get . 
   true . 
  he has a point to be butthurt about though . 
  i 'm still not sure why i should ever be upset about the way another government taxes or does n't taxes its citizen . 
  i might feel their pain or i might envy them but what else is there to feel ? 
  i do n't know . 
  if they feel like they pay too much in taxes they should complain , like we did when tolls were first proposed . 
  they are still unpopular , but without the rebate they 'd never get anywhere . 
  keep in mind that it does n't even have to be some kind of official rebate , their taxes and tolls could also simply be priced in a way that the total sum is fair . 
  it 's very convenient for any government to obfuscate how much taxes you actually have to pay by splitting it into as many small contributions as they can . 
  and most other european countries have a toll in their own country as well . 
  a toll that i have to pay if i want to drive on those roads . 
  and that is only fair : if i use something , and especially if in the process of using it i contribute to its degradation , i should absolutely have to pay my fair share .
