  the tax rebate is only available to those who are * already * paying for the infrastructure . 
  if that 's not fair i 'm curious what you would consider `` fair '' . 
  what do we want to use ? 
  german roads . 
  who should pay for them ? 
  the germans !, 
  there is a difference between criticising and accusing . 
  not that i think that the coalition does n't deserve criticism , quite the opposite , but when it 's my money he wants the government to take from me i do get a little touchy . 
  i do n't go and promote tax hikes for other countries and expect them to like it , do i ? 
  if you ignore the fact that it 's not a `` non-german-only '' toll . 
  since it is n't , it is not a valid point . 
  and do n't say that he 's not at least as butthurt . 
  if you truly want equality and pay a vehicle tax on top of the toll you are welcome to send a cheque . 
  if you do n't i suggest you worry about your own government 's tax policies . 
  counting it that way , is n't the entire earth , sans certain parts of africa , 100 % immigrants ? 
  `` promoting contraception '' only works if children are a burden . 
  for poor africans they are n't . 
  so unless you want to use the 10 billion euros each year for extensive bombing campaigns or death squads roaming the african countryside you wo n't get very far . 
  and there is probably about as much truth in malthus ' writings as in the one from lamarck . 
  err , i did n't read all of it , but basically that it is a propaganda poster because it only shows other colonial powers , but not germany itself as a colonial power . 
  but it does have german colonialism . 
  he did literally say `` murder all politicians and rich people '' so you can hardly fault me for that . 
   unless they can safeguard their freedom by not allowing hierarchical structures post-revolution . 
  has anyone ever succeeded in that ? 
  you seem to work under the assumption that this is something that his possible for a group of humans that consists of 2 people or more . 
  if so we will have to agree to disagree , because we can hardly find common ground . 
  i believe that actual freedom is not something that many people would enjoy or even desire , because it is not an enjoyable state to be in . 
  i would think that if i start aribtrarily murdering people i dislike then other people who dislike me might be more inclined to murder me . 
  so yes , when you start murdering people the resulting society will always be worse , while your personal situation might of course temporarily improve if you happen to be the new big guy . 
  given that the ussr had just lost the biggest war of mankind to that date and was embroiled in civil war directly after , of course the average person in czarist russia had it better . 
  cuba was the exchange of one brutal dictator for another etc. 
  the one thing that can of course never be answered is , `` would the country do better or similarly if the revolution did not happen ? '', 
  i believe that the answer is almost always yes . 
  the examples of violent revolutions are truly thousands , but there are no examples of revolutions that without a doubt changed the lives of the people for the better . 
  if you 're lucky you come out even ( usa , cuba ) and if you are n't lucky you are totally and utterly fucked . 
  my point is that if you commit acts of great evil ( such as mass murder ) and ca n't even point towards some `` greater good '' that you achieved by commiting these acts then you are , without a doubt , an inhuman monster . 
  if the mass murder * did * result in peace and prosperity for all survivors you might at least have a discussion about whether or not it was justified , but if you do n't ? 
  the only significant outside interference in the pictures above is happening in cuba . 
  the french and the russians happily slaughtered their own people without and long after any `` interference '' respectively , while in spain both sides were supported by outside forces . 
  there was no peace or prosperity to be found in either country . 
  and if you want to blame , say the usa , for stalin 's mass murder and repressive policies , do n't you have to equally blame the ussr for franco 's ? 
  the entente for hitler 's ? 
  outside interference is never an excuse for denying your citizens basic freedom and opportunities . 
  edgy . 
  but at least the people in these pictures lived in peace and prosperity for ever after , right ? 
  not welfare , but prosperity . 
  the rest is fine, 
  i 'm afraid `` ohne die niederlande fahr 'n wir zur em '' just does n't have that certain ring to it . 
  would every man benefit from a systemic change though ? 
  do n't get me wrong , everyone must believe that if only their vision of a just society would be implemented , the world would be a better place , but is there any evidence for it ? 
  even ignoring all the attempts at socialism that do n't count for one reason or another , the devil we know may just be better . 
  hardly . 
  if you do n't like it you are free to start a company or whatever that does not demand that the workers give up anything from the fruits of their labor . 
  i feel like it works with the verb in other places , too . 
  i just ca n't see it as the very first word , because then you are asking a question . 
  honestly , i consider it a little too lenient in some regards , but the situation above would definitely not be rape . 
  it pretty much has to be coerced by force , threat of force or by abusing someone who is physically incapable of resistance . 
  i think that 's fair enough . 
  but they were apparently fully concious and did n't express any aversion to it either . 
  like i said , it 's unfortunate for them , but , even if he could have handled it better , in my opinion he did nothing * wrong * . 
  as unfortunate as this situation may be for both involved ( if it is a true story ) , it is n't rape . 
  it 's weird how in 95 % of cases such objections only come up after not getting the desired result . 
  in the end , every voter will have their own , unique reasons for why they voted this or that way . 
  the logical conclusion of this argument seems to be that they would have needed 33,577,342 different choices to pick from , one for each voter . 
  when i vote in a general election i also only get a handful of choices for a question that is infinitely more complex than `` should we remain in the eu '' , namely `` who should govern this country for the next 4 years '' . 
  does it matter what i think of party x 's foreign policies , their proposals for education , emploment and defence ? 
  does anyone care , if maybe i just like candidate y and vote for him , even though i do n't particularly care for his party 's policies ? 
  none of that matters at all when the votes are counted . 
  and it does n't matter in this case , either . 
   very rough 1 % is a rough estimate for you ? 
  if someone claims it 's 21 \u00b0 c outside , but it 's actually 21.5 \u00b0 c he only made a rough estimation ? 
  wew , i guess it 's a matter of taste , but it must be difficult going through life with an attitude like that . 
  genetics are also very clear about the number of legs , eyes or fingers that humans have . 
  what do we gain from rejecting that when talking about humans in general ? 
  really ? 
  i would n't mind a link to more information about that , because that 's a rather big leap . 
  and even though i disagree that things that `` ca n't be studied directly '' ( what 's that supposed to mean anyways ? ), 
  are `` irrelevant to the discussion '' , replace it with the a hydrogen bomb after its explosion if you must . 
  though really , this is getting competely sidetracked . 
  someone 's original point was that :  genetics are very clear about the two [ sexes ] this is as true as saying `` humans have 46 chromosomes '' . 
  there may be unfortunate individual cases where it is n't true ( going back from the analogy these would be intersex people , not xyy men ) , but saying `` humans have 46 \u00b1 4 chromosomes '' , while being technically accurate , is certainly more misleading . 
   by studying the extremes , we learn more about the norm . 
  what a platitude . 
  by studying the insides of a supernova and liquid helium we may learn many interesting things , but i doubt we learn much about the behaviour of matter at room temperature . 
  besides , xyy or xxx are hardly extremes just because they have more chromosomes . 
  they are anomalities . 
  and when you discuss human biology , unless you specificially discuss e.g. 
  trisomy 21 , you will 100 % ignore it and the effects it has on the human body . 
  similarly , when discussing sex , unless you specificially talk about them , you will ignore those odd cases . 
  they either fall under `` male '' and `` female '' anyways , or are of no importance . 
  the fact that all of those conditions are called `` syndromes '' goes to show that they are about as relevant to discussing sex as other aneuploidies are to discussing human biology . 
  they are nothing more than mildly interesting diseases . 
  and they tell us just as much about what is `` male '' and what is `` female '' as trisomy 21 tells us about what the human body is like . 
  other countries should obviously consider replacing `` german '' with their own countries name , and non-european countries might want to prioritize their own continent 's history , too . 
  but i 'm not in the business of telling other countries what to do , so if uganda decides to provide an in-depth german history education i will not stand in their way . 
  this is probably not a popular position in modern pedagogics , but i believe history classes should be about teaching history first and about `` explaining the shape of the world today '' as no more than an afterthought . 
  and while not every little detail can be reasonably explored over the course of at most 9 years of high school , there 's more than enough relevant german , european and international pre-1900s history that deserves to be explored . 
   a serious political institution like the ep . 
  i like your humor, 
  i was talking in general , yes .
