  hartz iv may be an absolute bound , but it is completely arbitrary , making it even worse than the relative poverty measures to determine poverty . 
  absolute and relative poverty are well defined , so this study is just a political propaganda piece as it does n't actually look at poverty at all . 
  i could go so far as to argue that , since the hartz iv-s\u00e4tze are determined by certain statistical measures , taking [ income and prices ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/regelbedarfs-ermittlungsgesetz#neuregelung_der_regelbedarfe ) into account , they actually are a kind of unofficial , relative measure for poverty . 
   these are basically families unable to support themselves sustainably i doubt that . 
  and how do you support yourself sustainably ? 
  it 's a buzzword without meaning in this context . 
  clearly they can support themselves ( unsustainably i guess ? 
  ) , otherwise they 'd be dying in droves . 
  at what point have they reached sustainability ? 
  we could double hartz iv , but that would still leave `` 2 million german children in families who have received welfare bla bla bla '' . 
  nothing would have changed for the statistics of this study , but they would be undeniably a lot richer . 
  almost as if this measure was absolutely worthless . 
  whenever an article talks about poverty in a western nation you can be almost certain that it talks about some measure of relative poverty . 
  a headline saying something like `` 20.000 children in poverty '' just does n't sell as well as the `` 2 million '' one . 
  and ironically , quite a few well-paid positions in the government and in ngos alike depend on there being lots of `` poor '' people . 
  that is n't to say that there are absolutely no problems with the current welfare system and we should simply ignore the issue , but i doubt you could significantly lower this particular number with any realistic policy . 
  [ hmm ... ] ( https://www.deutsche-digitale-bibliothek.de/binary/7vief6vvlcwunoghbs3j5e3s3i67tqxi/full/1.jpg ), 
  i am almost certain that `` freely '' does n't mean `` free of charge '' , but `` unimpeded by laws '' . 
  because it 's faster to get from a to b that way . 
   from reading the section on the monetary union , germany has finally accepted that it must pay huge sums of money to preserve the eu and the single market every year ? 
  german politicians have , it 's not their money after all . 
  if they actually go forward with this i expect the great coalition to drop below 50 % and stay there , at the expense of afd and die linke . 
  the problem is that the article is speaking only very vaguely about `` sexism '' or `` promoting a positive image of women '' ( and i hardly dare to ask what that may be ) and my french is n't good enough to read the actual proposition and response . 
  however in my experience , whenever certain groups talk about sexism , they mean pleasure , nudity and sex first and foremost . 
  the only other issue explicitly mentioned is adressing `` violence against women '' , which , in games , is probably the least important issue i could think off . 
  most violence in games is comitted by men against men or by women against men . 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
   puritan ( often disapproving ) : acting or behaving according to the puritan morals ( e.g. 
  propagating modesty ) , especially with regard to pleasure , nudity and sex fits pretty well if you ask me , it 's just coming with a different justification than `` god wants you to do so and so '', 
  yes , actually . 
  if i wanted to tell whether a person was good or evil , them wishing misfortune on an entire people is a pretty good sign that they are evil . 
  of course you might argue that there is n't `` anything wrong '' with being evil , but then we 'd simply have to agree to disagree on that one . 
  less . 
  which makes sense , given that germany has the largest economy in the eurozone . 
  but then the other countries did have a say in the negotiations , too . 
  the `` merkel vs. the rest of europe '' narrative that was pushed by parts of the media has little connection with reality . 
  other countries could have easily refused to go along with it if they had wanted . 
  they did n't . 
  you can guess why . 
  if you want someone 's money you have to negotiate with him , not with his neighbours , right ? 
  the commission apparently had no problem with grandfathering the numerous tolls * around * germany in . 
  are tolls like a good wine that gets better as it ages ? 
   three of your neighbours are planning legal action . 
  i , too , prefer to be a freeloader instead of paying my fair share , so i can understand the sentiment , but i 've never been bold enough to actually go ahead and sue my way to it . 
  germans have to pay the tolls , too , though . 
  if you want the tax break associated with this , feel free to pay taxes in germany as well . 
  why should he be extradited at all ? 
  he commited a crime in the uk , he should be charged in the uk . 
  how does this help greece ? 
  greece had accumulated liabilities amounting to 1.8 x the countries gdp . 
  should they have let themselves collapse , jailed the parliament and left the euro ? 
  they can still do so today if they want to . 
  i 'd have a great laugh , but i am a somewhat malicious person when it comes to people hitting themselves in the face . 
  iceland did not default . 
   had greece been allowed to default i must have missed the 1 . 
  panzerdivision rolling down the balkans to enforce the bailout . 
  or what exactly prevented them from defaulting ? 
   facing the consequences that came with that , they would be in better position than they are now . 
  why would they ? 
  the only difference would have been that the austerity would have been a lot harsher . 
  same reason why i 'm not a delegate in any other parliament : there 's a high entry barrier and only ~ 90 jobs . 
  plus , i do n't think i 'm cut out for all the brown-nosing ( or backstabbing , or both ) you have to engage in to even get into a position to be elected . 
  mind you , i 'm not saying that all politicians are stupid . 
  people like macron , merkel or juncker obviously have skills other than being able to get elected . 
  but the average member of any given parliament ? 
  they are certainly not some kind of irreplacable elite . 
  woah , hold on a second . 
  i thought we were talking about a job as an elected official , which is as comfy as can be . 
  sure , if you want to become an important figure in your party you have to put in some effort , but even if you 're a complete fuckup , you can still become a mep . 
  ( though as an aside : from what i 've seen , at least 95 % of office jobs are still a hell of a lot better than construction work and the like ), 
  what ? 
  of course i 'd rather have a comfy office job than doing back-breaking manual labor , regardless of whether the wage is 1000 or 10000 euro a month . 
  and let 's face it : how much responsibility does a single member of a powerless parliament * actually * have ? 
  even the mps of parliaments that have power have at most as much responsibility as they want to have . 
   you can not insult mutti in the same way you can insult trump . 
  you can not even say `` du '' to an police officer in germany . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  obviously the state can make anything it dislikes illegal and prosecute you for breaking such laws . 
  but the idea to instead force private entities to act as judge and executioner is , as far as i know , new . 
   in countries like north korea this things are abused as an instrument of oppression . 
  see , this is where you make a false distinction . 
  these things are not abused as instruments of oppression , they are instruments of oppression . 
  the fact that you dislike the one kind of oppression and like the other one does n't change that . 
  so what ? 
  if i insult you on someone 's private property , the state only has the ability to prosecute me . 
  that is not what is happening here , the property 's owner has no obligation to intervene . 
   german residents gets a full tax deduction , so only foreigners generate income from this tax , just as designed . 
  that is already , or ought to be , taken into account by the countries using tolls when they set their tax rates . 
  why should there be a late-comer penalty ? 
  and of course it is designed that way , in fact it must be designed that way to be just : germans currently pay for everyone using german roads . 
  if we assume that the toll is n't primarily introduced to increase the state 's revenue ( a bold assumption , i know ) , but to make the funding of maintenance and construction more fair , then there 's no reason why we should pay even more than we currently do . 
   alright , but it 's one of the four principles that the eea and eu are built upon - non-discrimination . 
  you are treated just like danish citizens if you are here . 
  but that is not the case for things like the vehicle tax . 
  i do n't pay austrian taxes , and austrians do n't pay german ones . 
  however , i have to pay austrian tolls , the same as any austrian citizen , if i drive in austria . 
   germany made a `` foreigner only '' - toll unless they changed something from the last proposal , the toll is paid by all users of the facilities . 
  so germans have to pay nothing if they are taken to a hospital in denmark ? 
  if that 's true , that 's the dumbest system i 've ever heard of , but you 'd only have yourself to blame . 
  we did n't elect the people making those rules .
