it depends on how you define poverty . 
  they are n't actually poor , but in `` relative poverty '' , and that is more or less the same everywhere :  in 2014 , another report by institute for fiscal studies said that 23.2 % of britons were now in relative poverty, 
  that 's been out of style since 1945 . 
  yeah , i saw that , too . 
  did you read it though ? 
   building on article 15 of the udhr 's assurance of the right to be free from arbitrary deprivation of nationality , article 8 ( 1 ) of the 1961 statelessness reduction convention articulates a duty of states not to create statelessness through the deprivation of nationality , stating that a `` contracting state shall not deprive a person of his nationality if such deprivation would render him stateless '' . 
  though article 8 allows limited legitimate grounds for the deprivation of nationality , even if such deprivation would result in statelessness , ^ 11 [ ... ] and the footnote says :  ^ 11 for example , art . 
  8 of the 1961 statelessness reduction convention allows for the deprivation of citizenship to result in statelessness in cases where , inter alia , nationality is obtained through misrepresentation or fraud ; a citizen extends residence abroad from the country of his or her citizenship ; * or an individual commits acts inconsistent with a duty of loyalty to his or her country of citizenship . 
  * so no , it is n't a human right , but a convention ( while it has been ratified by the uk they could simply denounce it if they so desire ) and even according to this convention there can be instances where the legal revocation of a citizenship can result in statelessness . 
   since i have your thoughtful assurance , it 's alright then . 
   i am not surprised that you have no idea . 
  fuck , i ca n't handle all these paragraphs and laws you 're throwing at me . 
  it 's just too much at once !, 
   your prejudices are your personal matter . 
  i 'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you misrepresent the point i 'm making out of maliciousness and not out of stupidity and lack of reading comprehension . 
  but just in case that you are really that dense : there is no slippery slope in either case . 
   you do n't get to strip anyone of their citizenship if they have n't done it themselves , ever . 
  see above . 
  i 've tried to find the laws that say so but have n't had any luck . 
  if you in your great penetrance of the subject matter would be so kind as to help me out i 'd be much obliged . 
  if not i 'll have to assume you 're talking out of your ass . 
  laws can be changed and human rights do n't seem to be an issue , otherwise it ought to be somewhere in the declaration of human rights , should n't it ? 
  i love how the slippery slope is a fallacy when it 's about things like gay rights , but a great argument when used against right wing policies . 
  and if we can determine an isis member we should be able to strip them of their citizenship or not ? 
  it 's not an * arbitrary * denial of citizenship though . 
  being an isis fighter is n't something that just accidentally happens to you . 
  what human right is he trying to suspend ? 
  what international laws prevent the uk from revoking the citizenship in the first place ? 
  the only thing i could find was the convention on the reduction of statelessness , but even there you can find enough reasons to strip isis fighters of their citizenship even if it is their only one . 
  well if that happens it 's a problem in its own right . 
  we have no problem with sending violent ( and even non-violent ) criminals to prison and depriving them of their freedom , but just because someone could also send labour party members , or gays , or jews to prison most of us do n't question prisons in their entirety . 
  that does n't really answer the question , why are they afraid to use this power if they actually want to use it ? 
  reading dutch is n't too hard , listening is more difficult if you 're not used to it . 
  but here it 's the milchstra\u00dfe , not just a puny weg . 
  and the last war between israel and the actual military of one of those countries was decades ago . 
  so is palestine if you want to go down that route . 
  killing people from a nation you 're at war with is very rarely murder , there 's no need to be so melodramatic . 
  if there was no palestine there would be peace , too , but i do n't like to use that argument since i do n't want them to be wiped out or expelled . 
  i find it difficult to believe that the idf is able to keep 1.7 million arabs terrorized into silence . 
  it 's certainly not without tensions and issues but they are certainly nothing compared to the tensions that would erupt in a hypothetical one-state palestine . 
   observers when have observers ever prevented evil people from doing evil things ? 
  and why exactly do you want to disband the only state in the area in which jews and arabs coexist relatively peacefully , completely without observers even ? 
  sounds like a great idea to make everything even worse if you ask me . 
  fair enough , it 's not a classic conspiracy where a kabal of some sort secretly controls everything . 
  he says `` as in `` islamic terror '' being mossad operations '' as in the evil `` zionists '' killing europeans/americans and making it look like islamists did it . 
  if that does n't scream ~ ~ jewish ~ ~ zionist conspiracy i do n't know what does . 
  voting districts in the federal election only matter for who gets into the parliament , but not the proportion of represantatives that a party has ( barring some exceptional cases ) . 
  of course it would mean that the most populous states have a `` greater influence '' which means that the european identity has to matter more than the national identity . 
  i do n't think many people in the saarland care that nrw has a greater influence in the bundestag , because the german identity is stronger than the state identity ( if such a thing even exists ) . 
  the idea of dividing the eu into smaller substates has the same problem , it only works if people do n't care about their nation . 
  i know at least one i.e. 
  germany . 
  i do n't know much about other national electoral systems , but in my opinion a purely proportional system is desirable for the `` lower house '' . 
  fair enough , but the distant future is further away than most proponents of federalization would like . 
  i feel like as long as there is n't a real , united european identity it will be very difficult . 
  do you really believe a truly democratic union will ever work ? 
  the ep being elected according to the principle one man , one vote ? 
  the smaller countries would never accept it ( for a good reason ) , but i will be strongly against federalization unless it is a real democracy , too . 
  i do n't know , do you have an example for a federation where the regions have a lot of power ? 
  i can only say that i would never want a european institution to have nearly as much power as the german federal government . 
  but why does it matter for a presidential election if it does n't matter for the general election ? 
  if the european council proposes him with a qualified majority , of course he is ( and i would like those rules to change , too ) . 
  however they are under no particular obligation to propose him other than maybe that it would be a nice gesture towards the parliament . 
  not step down , after all he was voted in according to the rules . 
  i would however like it if they changed the rules . 
  over 50 % of the 35 % that voted for any party if you want to make a fair comparison . 
  it 's not like he was elected by more than 35 % in the last election either , is it ? 
  and parties spreading misinformation sounds like every election since democracy was invented . 
  why not , it ca n't be worse than the current system, 
  is n't a direct election of the commission president much closer to the will of the people ? 
  with that being said , i hardly care about who will become it and with that i probably already care more about the issue than the average voter . 
  not quite , they voted for parties who would coincidentally also like to have juncker at the top . 
  i doubt that the juncker/schulz decision was what made them vote for one party over the other for the large majority of people . 
  i think the people discriminating them here are not those that got upset about your country discriminating them , but rather those who would be indifferent or supportive of that discrimination if you asked them about it . 
  getting such a program into the facility ca n't be that difficult . 
  all you need is one agent ( or unwitting idiot ) with a usb stick and there you go . 
  sure they 'll have tasked a few guys to look into it , but i doubt they never thought about something like that before stuxnet . 
  yes , it managed to break their equipment by increasing and lowering the roational speed of some centrifuges , which led to the centrifuges breaking down . 
  and now the good news : nothing ever exploded and there are n't any centrifuges in a nuclear power plant . 
  we can of course imagine that since human imagination is without limits , but is it likely ? 
  is it even possible ? 
  i am willing to bet 100 $ that neither you nor i know enough about how a nuclear power plant operates to answer that question . 
  i did n't want to go ahead and outright call you a liar , but yeah :  stuxnet proved that anyone with a sufficient budget can blow a nuclear power plant up if they want to . 
  is a lie . 
  and calling a massive earthquake + tsunami a '' ` normal ' accident '' is dishonest at best . 
  yeah , because stuxnet blew up hundreds of nuclear power plants all over the world . 
  wait , no it did n't . 
  but every nuclear power plant is built in a high risk area for earthquakes and tsunamis !, 
  wait , no they are n't . 
  so maybe it is 100 % fear mongering and 0 % facts after all ? 
  hmm ... 
  so why not bomb isis again and again and again ? 
  there need n't be a single boot on the ground , and we can even ask the iraqi government nicely if they would like our help . 
   who knows how to boost the economy and create new jobs . 
  yeah , i am sure those people are a dime a dozen which is why pretty much every nation has one !, 
  i wonder why the eu did n't get around to employing one of them yet ... 
   if and when eu advances to become full blown federation i 've been trying to look it up , but have n't really found anything . 
  is there widespread public support for federization of the eu in any country ? 
  there have to be polls or something like that somewhere , but maybe i 'm just not searching in the right places . 
  do you know anything about that ?
