  i could probably find a picture of an estonian with a russian flag on the backdrop of nato military . 
  will that ever mean that estonians support russia , then ? 
  pictures can speak a thousand words but they can also mute the thousands of other words that can be said about a particular situation . 
  every russian soldier is [ beloved ] ( http://www.ccun.org/images/2014/march/2%20p/crimean%20locals%20give%20out%20sandwiches%20and%20tea,%20sing%20songs%20and%20pose%20for%20photos%20with%20self-defense%20forces,%20march%202,%202014%20rt.jpg ) in crimea . 
  while i do not doubt that lithuanians approve of nato , maybe it would be wiser to use some articles like [ this one ] ( http://l24.lt/en/society/item/111552-lithuanians-are-particularly-positive-towards-nato-allies-polls-suggest ) . 
  although it 's a lithuanian source , i do not view it as particularly biased on this issue . 
  in conclusion , * 82 % of the citizens speak in support or fully support permanent presence of nato allies on the territory of lithuania . 
   and of course , i do n't live in chechnya , otherwise anything i 'm typing here would end with me being lost , maybe for good . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  perhaps try other sources that are not bbc/cnn/fox . 
  maybe ask some chechen people , obviously not those living abroad , but real chechen people . 
  they will tell you that a majority support kadyrov . 
   there are no numbers for the support right now , yet last numbers were showing more than 96 % of the people were not found of him actually there are , maybe you just do n't wish to see the reality of the situation . 
  my best bet is that you live abroad and do n't know the situation on the ground . 
   also russia is on the brink of economical collapse how long have you been saying this now ? 
  do you believe in this yourself ? 
  maybe these are your personal dreams but it is far from reality . 
   perhaps an even more fascist man like alexander dugin will assume power . 
  you clearly know very little about russian society or politics in general . 
  and on top of that , there 's a lot of irrelevant russia posts that are such that you have to actually read the comments to find out that the claim is bullshit or the title is phrased as such to make it seem like nukes are going off as we read it . 
  this , together with what you just stated would make the feed more interesting imo . 
  did n't you hear him ? 
  he hates con artists and thieves , and i am both of those apparently . 
  no kiss for me :'(, 
   you must be one of the thieves ' obnoxious friends , judging by your attitude here . 
  oh yes , totally . 
  haha what ? 
  reread your first comment and you 'll find that the only butthurt one here is you . 
  i asked you a simple question , shame you ca n't even answer it . 
  are you offended because those russians did n't give you a fake smile that is common in the american culture ? 
  i thought home had more of an emotional connotation which is distinct from * house * . 
  i 'd certainly call china my place of residence in that case but it would never be my home ( unless of course you define it differently as a place where one currently lives ) . 
  if my address ( theoretically ) is in china , is that my home ? 
  * pilka nozna * sounds more of a dagger fight than football . 
  i will add this to my collection of copypasta, 
  what 's interesting is that whenever one radical islamist group disappears , another one appears looking to be the next big thing . 
  whenever this happens , people seem to jump on that ship and hope that it brings whatever fortunes and glory that they promise . 
  the middle east will continue to spawn terrorists for years to come . 
  but that 's not to say that the west did n't have any part in this , they added fuel to the fire with all their invasive campaigns over there . 
  learned something new today , that 's for sure . 
  been studying that map for the past 15 minutes now . 
  it 's amazing how all this information is accessible on the internet and yet my lazy self will only use it when it 's being spoon-fed to me by some other guy on the internet . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  this was really interesting . 
  i already knew that sanskrit laid the foundation for a significant amount of languages , but never did i know that it would be * this * similar , especially to russian and other slavic languages , i thought we were ... special . 
  jokes aside , i can now see why it is called the mother of all modern languages . 
  you 're not in the wrong . 
  i 'd say the fact that the other guy is bringing it up by posting a poorly sourced wikipedia article in here is the major flaw of this thread . 
  it 's an interesting image and relevant post , but it would 've been a better thread if he would 've refrained from starting a discussion about this image * in relation to * stalin . 
  actually , it would n't really have been a problem if there was some credible references about it , but afaik there is very little information at the given moment . 
  well if stuff like this is going to get hundreds of upvotes , it should at least contain a variety of sources , most of which credible . 
  all i can see here are , as you said , recent ukrainian ones jumping on the stalin-horror wagon . 
  i like how people criticise wikipedia as a reliable source but when it comes to russia-related things , it 's obviously the truth . 
  even wikipedia challenges the article stating the '' need for additional sources for verification '' . 
  let us never criticise sources ever again !, 
  i laughed more than i should . 
  but hey , one of my grandfathers was volga tatar so i got that going for me i guess . 
   rather than organize online is n't it more safe nowadays to meet in person ? 
  you know , with the whole hacking and privacy issue that comes with it . 
  although , maybe not in catacombs . 
  '' he 's using an isp owned by the government , so he 's in our database , therefore he is known to us '', 
  great game and it could n't have been more exciting , congratulations to sweden from russia !, 
  lundqvist is just something else . 
  i do n't think that 's very fitting here , unless of course you are alluding to your own inability to comprehend some jokes . 
  do n't give me any ideas , maybe i 'll go find myself a serbian girl , have a kid and post the picture of him/her on here just to piss off half this sub . 
  interesting how this only became a day of remembrance in 2015 . 
  it 's definitely the case that the ukrainian government cared for such a long period of time . 
  this had absolutely nothing to do with gaining political points with these tatars . 
  not at all . 
  kravchuk , kuchma , yuschenko , yanukovych and turchynov did n't find this necessary to implement apparently , only poroshenko realized its importance , of course . 
  kadyrov is supported by the chechen people within chechnya . 
  i do n't know where you live , but it is definitely not there so you can not speak for the chechen people . 
   they are simply seeking out better conditions i 'm pretty sure that 's the definition of economic migrant , i.e. 
  a person who travels from one country or area to another in order to improve their standard of living . 
  the ukrainians that do leave for poland are primarily from western parts and those that live in the east go to russia . 
  only difference is that one part is ravaged by war and the other is safe and sound , just that economic conditions are still relatively bad compared to the places they are travelling to . 
  you think an economic collapse will change how we feel ? 
  we have survived our worst time during the 90 's and yet the memory is still with us . 
  nothing will change that . 
  we will always remember . 
  remember all downvoters , you can downvote a comment but the belief stays with us forever . 
  happy victory day !, 
  reading the comments in this thread has made me more patriotic than before . 
  thank you for that . 
  i wish you all the best on this day and i shall remember my ancestors who died in the fight against nazism . 
  i do n't even believe that they , like many others , were fighting for a specific ideology , they were caught up in a storm of invading forces that wanted to destroy their lives and ultimately extinguish their breaths of life . 
  they died fighting a war they did not want and no amount of sickening comments here will make that go away . 
  today i am filled with pride . 
  we do , the government opened up a site a month ago debunking western disinformation about russia . 
  that 's what maria zakharova said , but i ca n't seem to find it , though . 
  i 'm here bro , hug it out . 
  trust me , there 's no banning of opinions . 
  the statistics from earlier this year even showed that most people on the sub are rather liberal . 
  you should n't make assumptions based on the name of the sub , '' / r/russia '' does n't mean that it 's a government-owned subreddit or authoritarian in any way . 
  as long as you keep a respectful tone and do n't jump to conclusions by screaming '' homophobia , oppression , dictatorship '' every now and then you should be fine . 
  if we , ourselves , find any faults in our own government decisions , we will identify it and discuss it . 
  we 're not an army of clones . 
  we all follow different political parties in russia and have a wide set of opinions . 
  you are more than welcome to see the sub for yourself for a day . 
  indeed .
