  especially given the current circumstances . 
  russia does n't have this problem . 
  all the 100k + ukrainians that crossed the border have all been '' tracked '' . 
  wow you are so brainwashed . . 
  the buddhists send their regards . 
  should n't you be replying to him ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  edit : calling half of russians idiots ? 
  russia does n't see sweden as a rival , though . 
  i did n't know that you were not allowed to discuss things here if you were from a certain country and being judged for it . 
  then other nazi-aligned countries around the world should bring back the descendants of the ussr victims sent to concentration camps such as romania , right ? 
  using your logic there , buddy . 
  emigrate from a region they have lived their whole lives ? 
  easier said than done . 
  pretty backward approach . 
  firstly , it 's the other way around , they are less privileged . 
  if you 're so adamant to complain about the russian minority in the baltics being a tool that putin can supposedly use for an '' invasion '' then you might as well try to mitigate this process somehow . 
  does naturalisation mean integration ? 
  i did n't know those terms came hand in hand , especially with the principle ideas of european values , i.e. 
  multiculturalism . 
  russians living in the baltics are an event of history and it 's counterproductive to look at the past and instead look to the future , especially with latvia being a member of the eu and all . 
  it 's still very concerning how a third of latvia 's russians are non-citizens . 
  putting the blame on the minority in the country is a strange thing to do , considering that they are the ones with less power in this situation . 
  maybe one should dwell deeper into the issue of minority rights ? 
  well if they continue to feel resented and feeling like they do n't belong there being '' too many '' then maybe that also will change . 
  it 's up to your own country to make sure that citizens become integrated . 
  pretty good . 
  except , i only get one hour of break a day in my semi-transparent prison-box . 
  when i did go outside earlier , some rays of sunshine scattered through those metal bars . 
  anyways , got ta go back to work . 
  this is one of those comments that i realise an '' / s '' is not needed . 
  but then again , you never know . 
   in fascist russia and territories occupied by it , people are actually sent to prison for simply saying crimea is not russian . 
  in the video there are 3 people that wanted to go back to ukraine . 
  you think putin saw that video and sent them away ? 
  dear god , i do n't even know why i replied to this . 
  could you please provide some context to this ? 
  when were these photos taken ? 
  i completely agree with your reasoning and you 've really hit the nail on this thing . 
  it 's not often that i see nuanced comments about russia here from somebody that is n't blinded by their own dislike of russia . 
  there will be disagreements for sure , but disregarding polls and oversimplifying events thinking that everything is black and white certainly wo n't help the discussion at all . 
  thanks for that !, 
  exactly . 
  it 's pretty cringe how people here still think that crimeans somehow lean towards ukraine than russia . 
  i can show you a video of a guy walking around crimea for like 20 minutes nonstop asking crimeans whether or not they prefer russia or go back to ukraine . 
  sure , some people will say that it 's a youtube video and that it 's not reliable but backed up with the poll you just posted , it can at least help paint a picture : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylduvm0vyps it does n't have subtitles but overwhelmingly everyone prefers russia . 
  i really do n't know if you 're trolling but chechens are a distinct ethnic group . 
  your account was created yesterday and you 've been spewing absolute nonsense . 
  chechens are russian nationals but are a distinct ethnic group . 
  i 'll try to make this as nuanced as possible considering it 's difficult to take this any seriously as it has been upvoted without any regard for the credibility of your statements . 
  firstly :  chechnya want to be independent do you have any sources for this ? 
  while chechnya has wanted to secede in the past , there has been no time in history where it has been as pro-russian as now . 
  there have been no polls about this since 2003 but the [ results ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/1440823/most-chechens-want-to-remain-part-of-russia.html ) then showed that most chechens want to remain a part of russia and this is closer to the turbulent times of war and anti-russian sentiment . 
  it 's 2017 and the situation there is stable and additionally have a pro-russian leader . 
   tatarstan want to be independent are you for real ? 
  tatarstan is one of only regions with a large muslim population that has been most pro-russian . 
  this is absolute nonsense . 
  go ask any tatar on the street what they think about this . 
   kaliningrad want to be in germany any source for this ? 
  kaliningrad has almost only russians living there , almost all german people from other times have left and/or have become integrated . 
  there have been no independence movements there at all and for now russian-chinese relationship is strong but i highly doubt that there will be a transfer of this region to russia since it contains southern khabarovsk krai , amur oblast and the jao . 
  you realize that the total death toll for the whole conflict in ukraine does n't exceed 10 000 ? 
  that includes military and civilians deaths . 
  and here you are saying that only the russian army has lost 30k . 
  dear lord . 
  nowhere in your article does it say anything specific about russian soldiers dying in the thousands . 
  it has confirmed 6200 deaths in total but literally nothing there is about regular russian army soldiers . 
  only mention is in the beginning that three special forces have died . 
  how does that even come close to 30 000 ? 
  even extreme estimates do n't even consider that much . 
  you are saying that russia government policies is making the life of the average russian more shit . 
  any sources to confirm this ? 
  under the current russian government , the life has actually become better . 
  but sure , keep reading your headlines here and you 'll really find out about the real truth about life in russia / s, 
  says you , some guy living in france ? 
  you know the * real * situation in russia right ? 
  russian army lost 30k soldiers ? 
  any sources on this at all ? 
  edit : checked comment history , not sketchy at all . 
  serb bros being serb bros. 
  imagine this being a turkish immigrant guy talking shit about whatever country he 's living in . 
  do n't think he 'd be regarded as epic then . 
  his comment relates to why a specific event ca n't happen and actually talks about the content . 
  in my opinion , your comment does n't add much to the discussion other than to link his flair to his government which supposedly should disable him from commenting on the subject . 
  whataboutism ? 
  he ca n't say something about other governments because of where he is from now ? 
  fantastic source reaching the front page with credible information / s is it this upvoted because it is a high quality post or because it is a wet dream of this sub ? 
  not the country itself but moscow had at one point the second highest number of billionaires in the world and ranked 20th on the most millionaires . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2013/may/08/cities-top-millionaires-billionaires ), 
  if by putin puppet you mean wanting better relations with russia you might as well include macron in this classification . 
  [ macron not only wants closer ties with russia but was also in talks earlier last year about removing sanctions ] ( http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/11/30/french-candidate-macron-wants-closer-ties-with-russia.html ) . 
  [ about sanctions ] ( http://en.rfi.fr/economy/20160125-macron-moscow-france-wants-russia-sanctions-lifted-mid-year ), 
  you are comparing '' russian soldiers '' that were firstly soviet soldiers and not only russians in the 1940 's . 
  secondly , why are you comparing something that happened 70 + years ago with today ? 
  are you insisting that there is something in russian dna that makes us ` murder women and children ' ? . 
  yeah , whatever you wrote in the beginning of your comments is just to add more spice , right ? 
  but it 's great that you disregard it later , since you yourself prove that it 's irrelevant . 
   i ca n't understand how the russian propaganda ministry does n't realize that ` idolizing ' psychos like this is going to bite them in the ass in the long run . 
  seriously what kind of country think it 's a good image to project to other nations that their army is a bunch sadistic psychopaths who break the rules of geneva convention for fun ? 
  except , you have n't even bothered to check that this guy has never been praised on russian state television .
