  putin [ wanted to join ] ( http://www.deseretnews.com/article/853851/putin-wants-nato-to-let-russia-join.html ) in 2001 but it did not work out for one reason or another . 
  he also said that if they were n't able to do so , the alliance should 've been disbanded and replaced with a new one that included all of europe and russia . 
  in times like these , however , it would be the plot twist of the century . 
  only difference is , when i call you out on it in this sub , i will be laughed at and downvoted and you will be upvoted . 
  if this brings you some level of satisfaction , then here take it . 
  i really do n't care . 
  a lot of russians have left this sub for these exact reasons . 
  i 'm afraid i 'm one of the only non self-hating ones left ( and the ones that hate themselves are probably only 3-4 ), 
  i knew it too . 
  i expect it to be our fault whenever i enter a new thread / s, 
  it 's easier to insult the person than to argument . 
  do you think this is fine , then ? 
  how do you know that ? 
  i 'd argue that it is n't the case at all . 
  le pen would most likely end sanctions against russia which is beneficial , even for ordinary russians . 
  do you care to give an example why it would be bad ? 
  except it was later discovered that djukanovic invented the russian plot to justify crackdown on dissent . 
  all for political gain . 
  there was no evidence ever presented . 
  as has been the case with most russian-related '' involvements '' be it in usa or elsewhere . 
  the way to get more votes is to show who can cry '' russia did it '' the loudest . 
  if she calls for better relations with russia then it 's only a great thing . 
  and so , when you cheer for macron you are not a believer that he has the french interests at heart ? 
  or do you simply believe that he 's the better candidate in relation to your own values ? 
  i do n't think that i have more knowledge about the french interests , i believe that every candidate running for president has this as a fundamental base . 
  do i think that macron does ? 
  if you could outline some of his policy that is not '' keeping europe intact '' then i 'd be on board . 
  he 's a rothschild banker that was a nobody before the election and was personally chosen by hollande as his successor . 
  a banker over a politically experienced candidate ? 
  who has better french interests ? 
  and hillary clinton was favored because she had more political experience . 
  why was that ? 
  why is this not the case now ? 
  do you think such a person is fit to become president ? 
  this person needs help . 
  imagine if the roles were reversed , a man of 39 years of age having a relationship with a 15 year old girl ( and being his teacher ) . 
  do you think this is fine ? 
  this is a traumatizing experience and could very well affect his mental state as he takes on one of the most important roles in his country . 
  i 'm living in a perverted version of democracy ? 
  if you want to call it that , go ahead . 
  once again , it 's pretty interesting how most of your replies have started with critiquing some area of russian society ( which once again has nothing to do with the question at hand ) and so as to make me less credible when speaking about the subject . 
  it 's pretty dangerous to do this for a principal reason : you will continue to hear what you want to hear and live in a vacuum where only certain ideas are accepted . 
  you 'd expect me to be someone like this , right ? 
  because i am russian . 
  think for a moment . 
  i check some of the posts and comments here on quite a regular basis and i see much of what your thoughts are about russia . 
  i have full awareness . 
  all the ideas that you push here , i see and acknowledge and try to formulate according to the other media i am influenced by ( russian ) . 
  au contraire , there are not many russian redditors here because most of them have left due to the rapid case of russophobia ( yes , russophobia . 
  as evidenced above , i lose my credibility because i am russian ) and therefore you do not get any sort of contact with the russian point of view . 
  if you want to keep the discussion going for the future so as not to resort to this dangerous scenario . 
  i 'd suggest , perhaps , critiquing the point and not the person and not judging someone because of the flair . 
  in regards to your point . 
  i know very well that a democracy entails having impartial elections periodically . 
  but here comes the kicker : vujanovic has been in power since 2003 . 
  if you accuse russia to be a flawed democracy , then you are very well critiquing your own points about montenegro since it follows a similar system . 
  therefore , i may conclude that all of this time you have not actually been replying to my comments but rather my nationality and the country where i am from . 
  have a good day !, 
  it 's astonishing how there 's a push for a victim of paedophilia to become president with limited political experience than someone who knows the game and pushes for french interests . 
   they are allowed to join nato without a referendum where did i say they were not allowed ? 
  astonishing how when i start to question democracy in other countries , apparently i have '' no point '' . 
  great logic , there . 
  fascist in what way ? 
  because she wants to limit the amount of migrants coming to france ? 
   russia is one step closer to launching a war to reconquer all of eastern europe . 
  you actually believe in this ? 
  except , how did russia bully montenegro ? 
  russians have invested in its real-estate , sends thousands of tourists every summer and has great relations with the people there . 
  it 's quite the opposite , since 2014 montenegro has been sanctioning russia and now that russia bans its irrelevant state-wine , it 's a sign of bullying ? 
  what does the size of the russian economy have anything to do with this ? 
  where did i state anything about russia being a superpower ? 
  do you have anything relevant to add ? 
  nice attempt at belittling , unfortunately it does n't really add anything to the discussion . 
  are you going to keep descending down the ladder of whataboutism and discuss other areas of russian society or perhaps acknowledge that you have nothing to add to my point ? 
  a russian demanding a vote ? 
  should i reply to that ? 
  even as only russians are the ones that are persecuted for whataboutism and others get upvoted for it , if you think this is fair , then all right . 
  to answer your claim of irony . 
  actually would n't it be the opposite , if you 're alluding to crimea ? 
  who 's democratic here ? 
  queue the downvotes and queue the comments about '' at gunpoint '' !, 
  is n't this a form of indirect discrimination ? 
  or should i just call it classic whataboutism ? 
  i ca n't ask a question or anything because of my nationality ? 
  you act as if russia is not currently doing any economic reform . 
  au contraire , russia has been giving almost all of its focus towards its economic policy , more specifically its shift towards the orient rather than the occidental world . 
  as far as the balkans go , russia has a friendly relationship with serbia ( especially with the people ) and while i agree that it should emphasize more on other countries outside the eu , it should still look after serbia , a country strongly associated with brotherhood in all areas of life . 
  closely associated with serbia was , of course , montenegro , but it 's a lost cause now and all it can do now is to re-shift its trade towards countries that matter to russia . 
  what is your country , if i may ask ? 
  interesting that you continue to live in the past then , even if it was n't you that experienced any of it . 
  let 's also not forget that the red army consisted of many nationalities . 
  ** edit : ** is it hungary ? 
  in that case , i can say the same thing about the invading hungarian soldiers that initially attacked the ussr together with nazi germany and killed millions of russians . 
  however , contrary to you , i do n't associate hungarian people with a gang of murderers , rapists and thieves . 
  time to let go , my friend . 
  that says more about brainwashing than anything if that 's the first thing you associate them with . 
  did you even have a say in these matters ? 
  there was no vote , or referendum and the poll from 2016 suggests a 38 % split with rest being undecided on the issue . 
  i disagree on this matter for obvious reasons , but i would accept the outcome if there was a vote . 
  the banning of the montenegrin wine hiatus is just a first step , in my prediction , as i think there will be less russian tourists and less investment going into the region from our part .
