  i also like how you included kyivpost , very neutral . 
  i know you did n't . 
  volga tatars and crimean tatars are still tatars - it 's meant to serve as an example . 
  in what day and age do you think that tatars should be repressed in russia ? 
  volga tatars lost 80 % of its population during the soviet union but yet they are in no way repressed today . 
  why do you think that russian repression against crimean tatars is worse ? 
  in what way have they been repressed now that crimea is part of russia ? 
  yeah because volga tatars are so repressed lately / s i have tatar blood and have lived in kazan for some time and saying that they are nowadays somehow repressed is some sort of sick joke . 
  who claims that wwii victory was only russian ? 
  the term propaganda is wasted on this sub . . his point has nothing to do with it at all . 
   the super-rich are not a large market and they 're not spending money in turkey . 
  i would agree that the * super-rich * do not see turkey as the optimal holiday destination , but let 's not forget the 4.48 million regular russian tourists that came to turkey in 2014 . 
  that 's quite a sizeable number , mate . 
  curious , is this the probability of having snow from 24-25 december or does it take into account national variations of celebrating christmas , like for example in russia where we celebrate in january ? 
  how is russian culture forgotten in russia ? 
  i 'm really curious what you 're thinking here . 
  and you 're not biased , either ? 
  i think we 've reached a new low , ladies and gentlemen . 
   target bombing schools and hospitals because whatever russia does is done with evil intentions , right ? 
  i 've seen some pretty ridiculous comments but this one is just . . 
  i do n't even know what to say . 
  you seriously think that russia is that evil that it * deliberately * targets schools and hospitals ? 
  that is to say , deliberately killing innocent civilians without achieving anything of strategic importance , just death and misery to kids and patients ? 
  i ca n't speak for him , you 'll have to reply and let him explain . 
  whatever one reads here and the level of cringe apparent in the majority of comment sections about russia , makes you more nationalistic . 
  hence , / r/russia provides a great place where one can rant and apply the same ` labels ' that this sub gives russians on a daily basis . 
  if you were to believe what people are writing here these days , one could almost picture me , a russian comrade , going through a pile of trash because i 'm apparently that dirt poor . 
  exactly . 
  if russia was irrelevant , i.e. 
  not connected with or associated with something , usually of importance , then why on earth would this tweet of a caricature reach the top of this sub ? 
  someone please explain this to me . 
  irrelevant ? 
  then why is western media so obsessed over russia and what the russian embassy of the uk posted ? 
  those are no signs of being irrelevant . 
  as an example , count how many stories about russia in / r/worldnews and / r/europe reach the front page of those subs . 
  certainly more than other countries on a daily basis . 
   this is why i said you do not understand . 
  i made the point that i want a certain outcome and it so happens that this outcome will come to fruition due other motivations . 
  and this is where i 've clearly stated that this type of logic is clearly flawed . 
  well , you could 've made yourself clear to begin with . 
  right now , as the comment stands , is that you 're happy with the outcome but do so on the basis of flawed logic , i.e. 
  russia getting punished which in your opinion is good due to event x but as the article talks about event y , i do n't see how this is in any way coherent . 
   i would have gone straight to the source - ukraine - and then kept russia suffering for as long as humanely possible , until it relented . 
  you 're confusing intent/justification with outcome . 
  being happy with one is not the same as being pleased with the other . 
  well , now this part of your comment just reiterates what i said in the beginning . 
  you 're more focused on russia getting punished over ukraine while the article talks about further sanctions due to the syrian crisis . 
  well , one thing is for sure : russia is once again getting sanctioned and you 're satisfied with it , regardless of whether or not that sanctioning comes as a consequence of something completely unrelated . 
  if the international arena followed this type of logic , then the world would be more of a mess than what it actually is . 
  i understood your comment perfectly . 
  on the principals of law , you 're essentially saying that legal action should be taken against another party for an unrelated event . 
  in a court of law that is like charging someone that escaped a murder sentence with murder at a trial for something else , like let 's say petty theft . 
  without resorting to whataboutism against russia , tell me how this in any way is justified ? 
  to me it seems like you 're more interested about the outcome , i.e. 
  sanctioning russia , than having any regard for the issue at hand which is sanctioning russia because of event x ( x being the syrian crisis ) . 
   angela merkel wants to get other european union member countries to agree to step up sanctions against russia ** because of its role in the war in syria ** , a german newspaper cited sources close to the german chancellor as saying . 
  wow , pulling out the ` russian hacker ' card . 
  that 's a great shout , mate . 
  he 's making valid points and is contributing to the discussion . 
  if you want to dismiss everything you disagree with as idiocy , go ahead . 
  he has every right to post here . 
  just to piss russians off ? 
  what is this , kindergarten ? 
  discouraging him from posting elsewhere just because he has a different opinion seems very reasonable of you / s, 
  everything heroic or good russia does is propaganda , the rest is the truth , right ? 
  the whole article is about putin calling out on hypocrisy of kosovo , or am i wrong ? 
  is n't your comment about other instances where this has happened an example of whataboutism , something that you thought was so ironic in the first place ? 
  i am also privileged to have you assume that i know very little of something , can i ask why you think this way ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm allowed to discuss any topic here as i want . 
  in debating a clever tactic is to remove credibility from the person with whom you are discussing , is this your objective in this case or because of something else ? 
  in the beginning of your comment you claim that there is a ` but the west ' argument and then continue with a ` but russia ' argument ? 
  i mean sure you can accuse another party of whataboutism but when you do the exact same in your comment you might come across as a hypocrite . 
  any news stories on this ? 
  you 're not taking any account of prior circumstances . 
  several months before the invasion , in early 1939 the soviet union began strategic alliance negotiations with the united kingdom , france , poland , and romania against crash militarization of nazi germany under adolf hitler . 
  the ussr played a double game secretly engaging in parallel talks with germany . 
  the negotiations with the western democracies failed as expected , when the soviet union insisted that poland and romania give soviet troops transit rights through their territory as part of a collective security arrangement . 
  the terms were rejected , thus giving josef stalin a free hand in pursuing the molotov -- ribbentrop pact with adolf hitler , signed on 23 august 1939 . 
  the non-aggression pact contained a secret protocol dividing northern and eastern europe into german and soviet spheres of influence in the event of war . 
  one week after the signing of the molotov -- ribbentrop pact , german forces invaded poland from the west , north , and south on 1 september 1939 . 
  polish forces gradually withdrew to the southeast where they prepared for a long defence of the romanian bridgehead and awaited the french and british support and relief that they were expecting . 
  on 17 september 1939 the soviet red army invaded the kresy regions in accordance with the secret protocol . 
  you think stalin was not aware of hitler 's actions in europe ? 
  acting like everything is fine and taking pre-emptive actions , thus dividing poland in half was the only defence mechanism that the other ` allies ' allowed him . 
   i like how / u/sigakoer provided you with a credible source showing the su and nazis were an alliance and you went into full russian `` proofs ?! '', 
  mode . 
  an american professor of yale tells the full story of exactly what happened ? 
  / s please , i ca n't believe this is your reasoning . 
  the only thing you can do right is to provide your own reflection of what you think happened . 
  what is in the history books paints a completely different picture . 
  one history professor from an american university is enough to make this a fact ? 
  i wonder how long it took you to dig up this man . 
  if we have a british university professor that says something else , can we literally rewrite history now or what ? 
  the consensus of world history is that it was a pact and not an alliance . 
  but tell yourself what you want . 
  then why is it still called a pact ? 
  surely you must know better than historians . 
  if it 's so basic , why do n't you provide a source ? 
  i know about the allies : ussr , usa , uk , france , etc. 
  i know about the axis : nazi germany , italy , etc.
