  maybe do some fact checking , i thought european union has some sort of program in place to make sure that people get the right story of events and not be misled by ` russian propaganda and fake news ' , well when it 's anti-russian material , why do n't you bother with these fact-checks then ? 
  also , calling a whole army a ` bunch of sadistic psychopaths ' does n't really add much to the discussion but just to throw insults . 
  and i highly doubt that anyone breaks for the rules of the geneva convention * for fun * . 
  it 's incredible that shit like this gets upvoted here . 
  one of them is definitely of arab/north african origin . 
   he held 7 different positions on abortion within 24 hours before the election . 
  care to give an explanation/sources ? 
   he 's only being a ` man of his words ' insofar as he 's said literally everything under the sun . 
  if you disregard biased media reports against him and look at his policy on his websites , you 'll see * most * but not all , things fall in line . 
  agreeing with those actions is whole other issue . 
  trump has actually been a man of his words since becoming president . 
  pulled the us out of the tpp , banned federal funding from any foreign ngo that discusses abortion as a '' family planning option '' , signed off an executive order to start the building of the wall , the immigration ban , etc. . 
  he 's been saying these things since the beginning and he 's taking action . 
  sure , a president may not always be 100 % true to his word , but trump has been pretty damn close . 
  please state any significant differences between the constitution of the republic of crimea in 1992 and the ones that followed when it came to the territorial belonging of the region ? 
  the whole debacle that followed the constitution in 1992 was an awkward mess when it came to constitutional changes . 
  read more about it [ here ] ( http://www.iccrimea.org/scholarly/nbelitser.html ), 
   choice 2 : do you support the restoration of the constitution of the republic of crimea in 1992 and the status of the crimea ** as part of ukraine ? 
   just like the crimea referendum done under millitary occupation without even including an option for keeping the status-quo in it . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_status_referendum,_2014#/media/file:2014_crimean_referendum_ballot.png ) is a picture of the ballot used for the referendum . 
  here are the two options : choice 1 : do you support the reunification of crimea with russia with all the rights of the federal subject of the russian federation ? 
  choice 2 : do you support the restoration of the constitution of the republic of crimea in 1992 and the status of the crimea as part of ukraine ? 
  so this russian guy was publicly stating his opinion ? 
  or was it at some political rally ? 
  do you have many russian rallies in germany ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  i just want my voice to be heard in any case , if that comes in line with a string of downvotes , then so be it . 
  i can let the place remain an echo-chamber when it comes to political issues relating to said countries or i can try to at least state my opinion and start a discussion . 
  i do n't mean to sound like a brave internet fighter but discussion is great for both sides of the argument and that 's why i try to continue to push my opinion through . 
   til presenting facts can be `` defensive '' . 
  maybe this is why farage seems convincing to you : unless it 's expensive , it can not be valuable !, 
  one can present a vast array of facts , but present them in a different light , hence the article i linked to you presents those same facts to show that there are democratic flaws in the election process . 
   regardless of whether or not the eu 's law making system is democratic or not , the eu 's industry regulation - which are the exact things many people in britain were supposedly upset about , except for the business owners of course - proves otherwise . 
  '' eu red tape is not simply a political soundbite . 
  for british firms , particularly smes , it can be the difference between profit and loss , between job creation , and business prospering , or shutting down and innovation being smothered . 
  ill-thought-out regulations might just be a nuisance or the cost of doing business for larger firms used to spanning continents , but for others it can define their success or failure . '', 
  source : [ small businesses ca n't afford any more eu meddling ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/general-election-2015/politics-blog/11568039/small-businesses-cant-afford-any-more-eu-meddling.html )  we could even contrast it with the idea that germany somehow controls the eu . 
  well , germany 's economy is famously based on smes . 
  so why should the eu , as germany 's vessel , undermine smes ? 
  the introduction is pretty irrelevant to the point , the article then lists a number of different reasons why the election process may not be as democratic as it seems . 
  i mean , we are now discussing something that is just the first couple of lines of that article , the rest of it is what i had in mind for you to read . 
   all in all , we should not forget one thing : much of the eu 's power resides within the eu council . 
  the eu council is , literally , figuratively and legally , nothing else than all member states ' governments at one table . 
  if the eu council decides something , it is the member states agreeing on something , putting an eu label on top and declaring it an `` eu decisions '' . 
  i can agree with this to some extent , but he is now talking about the commission :  the commission is made up of 28 unelected commissioners , who can not be held to account . 
  each commissioner has a specific policy area in which to create laws . 
  the commission has a president ( currently jean-claude juncker ) ; unlike the other 27 commissioners he is personally elected by the european parliament , however his was the only name on the ballot paper , not exactly democratic . 
  the commission is advised by the directorate general , which along with the commission is heavily lobbied . 
  once the commission proposes an eu law , this proposal is taken to the parliament . 
  that does seem to back up his claim , does n't it ? 
  i read your comment and it seems to be pretty defensive of the election process and while i do n't disagree completely it shows that the essence of undemocratic procedures in the eu is seen in the light that one wishes to see it in . 
  i suggest you have a read through [ this article ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/matthew-ellery/eu-referendum_b_9514608.html ) that explains things pretty clearly . 
  no problem . 
  hope this sub has a field day with this stereotype now . 
  in general it was a good speech , yes , could you care to provide some references in the speech that you disagree with and that were not so convincing from your perspective ? 
  convincing : capable of causing someone to believe that something is true or real . 
  he 's an excellent speaker and presents his case clear , is he not * convincing * in your regard ? 
  does n't have to mean that you are brainwashed to believe in everything he says , but you can definitely say that through his rhetoric he is able to convince a lot of people . 
  i certainly agree with most of what he has to say . 
  that 's very mature of him . 
  / s if you listened to what he actually had to say it was concise and pretty damn convincing . 
  also , here he is speaking in parliament and you have this childish nonsense in the background . 
  some people might not agree with farage and that 's fine , but at least allow him a space where he is allowed to speak without distractions . 
  why would we protest about the baltic states ? 
  no offence , but really that is a very low priority . 
  so what , you 're telling me that this false story of 3000 + american tanks is ready to influence to the elections of your countries ? 
  you ca n't debunk that shit yourself ? 
  if i read that story here in russia , i 'd be questioning it straight away . 
  if there are so many obvious examples , why take one from a little-known news site based in donetsk ? 
  lasko is better than union . 
  there , i said it . 
  was once part of many empires and the territory was traded hands frequently and still managed to retain a distinct slovene culture . 
  incredible beauty and landscapes , fantastic lakes ( bohinj imo is more beautiful than lake bled ) you have a small monument dedicated to russian soldiers in vrsic pass . 
  a symbol that connects our two countries , putin visited in the summer last year . 
  you have two minority groups with special ethnic status in the country : italians in koper & piran area and hungarians in the north-east ( prekmurje , if i remember correctly ) . 
  i remember some guy posted an album in this sub '' so , you want to visit slovenia ? '' . 
  inspired me to go there and went there last year for a couple of days !, 
  i think he would approve . 
  while everyone seems to be in turmoil over theirs , i 'm just here like : '' meh , not surprised '' . 
  vecherniy urgant is probably our most famous late night talk show and ivan urgant attracts quite a wide demographic . 
  not surprised at all , to be honest . 
  the last image shows that belgium is not the only country with balls of steel . 
  unless you have some sort of official statement from russia regarding slovenia sending troops to latvia , then i do n't see how russia is '' triggered '' by this . 
  you just completely proved his point . 
  you do n't bother listening to him because you think it 's ` dank propaganda ' ? 
  what a reasonable stance to take . 
  same . . but then again my grand-father was tatar . 
   the purpose of its law requiring citizens ' data to be located within the country is to protect them from espionage and other hostile actions that may be taken by foreign governments . 
  some reddit guy applying a joke with the mantra '' and then it got worse '' and combining it with russian history from his point of view does n't make it a '' historical saying '' . 
  did i say they could n't express themselves ? 
  i was asking if anyone knew their motives for doing so . 
  why the aggression ? 
  yeah , seriously , that is really hard to believe . 
  i mean , sure , some people might have been talking about the elections but going into the specifics of electoral college votes of individual states ? 
  seems pretty far-fetched . 
  interesting . 
  thank you for your answer !, 
  i know you do n't have right sector in latvia , if you could please read my comment again . 
  i am asking why there are right sector and ukrainian flags in your remembrance day rally ? 
  it 's a simple question and , while it may be irrelevant to compare it to nazi germany , it still brings up question for debate .
