  why do people that wish to honour their fallen soldiers bring right sector and ukrainian flags ? 
   before talking shit no need to be aggressive when i 'm asking a simple question . 
  is it my flair that is bothering you ? 
  can i just ask , if you 're holding a remembrance day for latvian soldiers , why are there members of right sector taking party in these rallies ? 
  as evidenced [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypfdh6nt7oi ) . 
  i 'm not trying to shitstir , i would just like to know why , a rally that is already held controversially , wishes to associate with a far-right group representative of another country ? 
   you should as i am fighting for the truth and democracy . 
  on the internet , what a great way to do so . 
  such heroism . 
   quoting a genocidal sociopath . 
  how very fitting . 
  not to mention how you ignored the rest entirely . 
  can you target the other points now ? 
  i 've already made myself clear , i 'm not going to keep repeating myself for the sake of arguing with people that would rather attack the person than the question at hand . 
  perhaps you should n't let your emotions cloud your judgement . 
  if you think 50 000 ossetians should n't have a voice , then i 'm sorry to say that it is n't very democratic , especially knowing that it goes beyond that with 230 000 residents of abkhazia . 
  in comparison to the total georgian population , this is 7 % which is more than substantial . 
  the georgian government has been pestering these ethnic groups long enough that it has made them choose the lesser of two '' apparent evils '' . 
  they must be desperate enough to join russia knowing that it is the only way that their security could be ensured . 
  if you fail to recognize this after all of the history that 's been going on in the region , then i ca n't help you . 
  i can only help you help yourself . 
  let 's see the conflict of 2008 for what it was , a failed attempt by saakashavili the stateless tie-eater to claim land from people that did n't want to be ruled by georgia . 
  now that georgia lost , you 're resorting to revisionist tactics and it 's such a shame . 
  it is sad that your arguments are ad hominem and are too clouded in emotions for a proper discussion . 
   do n't let this russian fool trick you . 
  `` the greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes . '' -- winston s. churchill, 
   who , 30,000 of ossetians ? 
  independent state ? 
  well , maybe there 's enough dumb people there , but the only reason russia is involved is to damage georgia . 
  i 've read enough about the abkhazian , ossetian and transnistrian conflicts ( not to mention the ukrainian one , happening in front of us ) to say that russia is the engine of the conflict and it only happens because russia have n't abandoned its imperial dreams , neither in jeltsin times , nor now . 
  are you saying that because they are so few , they do n't deserve to have peacekeepers or have a say in political matters ? 
  and calling them dumb is no way to go about it . 
  russia has been involved as peacekeepers since 1992 , i highly doubt that the goal at that time was to use it as a geopolitical key . 
  putin was n't even in power at that time , so i really do n't see your logic . 
  you are drawing parallels to ukraine when it 's an entirely different conflict . 
  if you 're such an advocate for the european union judging by your flair , why do n't you trust the reports that were conducted by it ? 
  are you dismissing this union as untrustworthy ? 
  even proof is delivered to you here , you fail to even acknowledge it , that 's not a way to go about things . 
   i love the russian mindset . 
  if there are unrests , it 's us/eu plot . 
  if there 's no unrest , everyone is happy with russia . 
  did i ever say it was a us/eu plot ? 
  please show me the part where i said it . 
  seems to me that you 're running out of arguments and bring things in here out of thin air . 
  because russia de-facto controls chechnya ? 
  are you suggesting that south ossetia and abkhazia never called for independence , not in 1992 when they had a referendum to secede ? 
  what you 're basically saying now is that south ossetia and north ossetia always were russia or under russian influence ? 
  then you might as well just acknowledge the current status-quo and i do n't see what you 're getting at . 
  however , they never even wanted to be part of russia , they called for independence from a state that actively advocated the use of force against them for them to succumb to their will . 
  being part of russia allowed them to regain a sense of security . 
  why are n't there any uprisings or revolutions happening ? 
  if russia was the big bad wolf in this conflict , then why is the whole root of the problem the status of their sovereignty under georgian rule and not russian ? 
  disregard the role of russia in this conflict and you would still find aggressive actions towards the ossetian population by georgian artillery . 
  i am writing this with more than a straight face . 
  growing evidence ? 
  that article you posted is from 2008 . 
  perhaps , show a number of reports that show it is ongoing and well , * growing * . 
   these were russian peace keepers . 
  no it was n't . 
  you can even see it in the report itself . 
  created in 1992 after the south ossetian war , the commission consisted of four members with equal representation : ** georgia , north ossetia , russia , and south ossetia . 
  ** until you are willing to see this , i 'm done replying to you . 
  i 'm similarly not going to reply to that wikipedia article since it has nothing to do with what we 're discussing here . 
  if you 're willing to go back in time , then go back to the very beginning which sees ossetians , as an ethnic group , as distinct from georgians . 
  they 've had conflicts since ad 200 with the alans . 
   georgia did n't want these `` peacekeepers '' . 
  you do realize that georgians were in this peacekeeping mission , right ? 
  firstly , you 're saying that the un peacekeeping mission was all just a russian plot to train separatists ? 
  you do realize that the mission included representatives from south ossetia , ** georgia ** and north ossetia . 
  secondly , are you denying the findings from the report ? 
  the report has a whole section devoted to background and prior history of the conflict . 
  you obviously have n't even skimmed over it . 
  and if russia has peacekeepers attacked in this '' civil war '' , does russia not have a cause for concern ? 
  strange logic . 
  and if you look at both yours and toreon 's comments , it 's obvious you have it in for russia . 
  i would n't exactly call it rapid russophobia but you 're up there . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i should n't take anything you write seriously , either by your own logic . 
  georgianjournal.ge ? 
  i do n't think that 's the most unbiased source on the issue . 
  perhaps consider the [ international fact finding mission to the conflict in georgia ] ( http://www.mpil.de/en/pub/publications/archive/independent_international_fact.cfm ) that states that georgia launched the attack and was to blame for the whole conflict . 
   the eu report , which is extensive , detailed and well-informed , makes clear that the georgian claims are completely fabricated . 
  `` it was georgia which triggered off the war when it attacked ( south ossetian capital ) tskhinvali '' said heidi tagliavini , the mission head , in a statement . 
  although the eu commission tactfully avoided using the word `` lie , '' the report implies that saakashvili did not tell the truth about how the war started . 
  regarding this occupation , perhaps ask the south ossetians and abkhazians what they really feel . 
  i think it 's too late to continue pondering over this supposed occupation if the georgian administration at the time felt that force was necessary to have their way . 
  putin * is n't * much of a drinker . 
  he hardly ever drinks and is a teetotaler . 
  the only alcohol he tolerates nowadays , apparently , is beer from his old days spent in germany . 
  of course , this is all derived from his public image , it 's difficult to know what really goes on behind the curtains . 
  if you look at his new year 's address , notice how he never holds a champagne glass but speaks plainly to the camera . 
  maybe religious factors go into this as appeasing to other ethnic groups living in russia or maybe this is genuinely his personal stance . 
  after all , the new year 's address would be one of few acceptable times when he could be seen with alcohol . 
  look at the image projected by yeltsin the drunk . 
  i think he 's intelligent enough to know that this stance would reflect poorly on his image . 
  people have huge fan bases for 3rd league teams ? 
  and start riots and fights over this ? 
  do people do this for fun or is it more like some sort of training ground ? 
  i go to the gym for such things . 
  i mean , i could understand going full hardcore for a first league team and then clapping and cheering for them but 3rd league and going full on barbarian ?
