  i do n't know about that . 
  i 'm not only looking at poland , russia has more than its fair share of idiots when it comes to these things . 
  that 's really interesting , thanks for sharing . 
  i do n't think many russians know about this . 
   would n't be the first time to find an unexpected symbolic link between russia and an african nation :  nomarussia is a common xhosa name formulated in honour of russians for killing the hated colonial governor sir george cathcart in battle ... it means `` mother of russians '' til . 
  how on earth did you come across that fantastic piece of trivia ? 
  perhaps you 're right , but i do n't need a university student in mali to show me the solution to all world 's problems . 
  joking , of course . 
  no source needed when it comes to russia-related posts , did n't you know ? 
  rt is banned but facebook posts are reputable sources , okay ? 
  that could easily be attributed to furthering their own cause by attributing the classic '' the enemy of my enemy is my friend '' . 
  i wonder if it was worth the hassle of sponsoring this two dollar banner . 
  i wonder if it influenced anyone at all . 
  are we going to rely on a picture of some unnamed protesters holding up a sign or are we going to post a document or evidence that russia supposedly is funding them ? 
  low effort post with little background what this is supposed to entail . 
  if it was left without a suggestive title or was an attempt at humour then by all means . 
  but here op is giving hints that russia might be funding them , which is laughable . 
  in that part of the world , i 'd simply think that the promotion of russia and putin is a counter-symbol and used to further their own cause . 
  after all , it 's easy to attribute the classic saying that '' the enemy of my enemy is my friend '' and that 's at least what i think is happening here . 
  a little protest at the university of bamako in mali , a country which does n't hold much russian influence except for the usual arm 's trade , should logically be seen as a minor point on the russian foreign policy agenda . 
  i could be wrong , but unless there is a source other than the facebook group , then i would really appreciate if it was posted so i could take a look . 
  i like how the top comment immediately backfires at you just because you have a russian flair . 
  if this was a post about these supposed '' hitler-jugend '' camps in russia , the first comment would definitely not be asking the same thing would he be ukrainian . 
  firstly , i did n't downvote you , so calm yourself . 
  although this comment i think i might since you are n't be reasonable . 
  you provided no proof or anything and instead just accused me of downvoting you . 
  it was more of a fun thing and no need to get so defensive . 
  thanks a lot , this cleared it up nicely for me !, 
  and the olympics i 'm assuming are up there together with the world championships in terms of importance ? 
  the reason why i ask is that some sports have the olympics tournament as more of a fun side-thing , like football as an example . 
  while for others it 's the most prestigious such as ice hockey ( unless of course you count the world cup / canada cup ), 
  yes you do . 
  the slovak republic organizational website [ says you do ] ( http://www.slovak-republic.org/slovenia/ ) . 
  it 's actually not once a year but embassies meet once a month . 
  which is even more frequently . 
   politicians mixing slovakia and slovenia - george w. bush : `` the only thing i know about slovakia is what i learned first-hand from your foreign minister , who came to texas . '' this is a quote from us president . 
  he had actually met the leader from slovenia , not slovakia . 
   at a news conference in rome , italian prime minister silvio berlusconi , introduced slovenian prime minister anton rop to the crowd of journalists . 
  `` i 'm very happy to be here today with the prime minister of slovakia . ''  ** staff of slovak and slovenian embassies meet once a month to exchange wrongly-addressed mail !, 
  i 'm confused , what is the difference between fivb volleyball league and fivb world championships ? 
  wait , i found out there 's a volleyball world cup , as well ? 
  gah , can someone please eli5 the difference between all these ? 
  pretty much every single point is controversial and does n't really make him '' an idiot '' . 
   even after invasion of ukraine , genocide in kosovo and bosnia , he is being real smart asking himself deep and meaningful questions , such as why nato never disbanded . 
  so you 'd rather accept one point of view and not question things ? 
  whether he shares the same views as you seems to be the decider of whether or not he is an '' idiot '' in your mind . 
  you should probably read [ this ] ( https://sivers.org/ss ) article that suggests that smart people do n't think others are stupid . 
   the woman seemed to be making some pretty good points , until she stopped with , `` ugh !, 
  those ( people she disagrees with ) are just so stupid !, 
  ! '' she could have said southerners , northerners , republicans , democrats , indians , or americans . 
  it does n't matter . 
  she had just proven that she was n't being smart . 
  there are no smart people or stupid people , just people being smart or being stupid . 
  being smart means thinking things through . 
  it means trying to find the real answer , not the easiest answer . 
  being stupid means avoiding thinking by jumping to conclusions . 
  jumping to a conclusion is like quitting a game : you lose by default . 
  that 's why saying `` i do n't know '' is usually smart , because it 's refusing to jump to a conclusion . 
  so when someone says , `` they are so stupid ! '' it means they 've stopped thinking . 
  they say it because it 's satisfying to jump to that conclusion . 
  so if you decide someone is stupid , it means you 're not thinking , which is not being smart . 
  therefore : smart people do n't think others are stupid . 
   so chechnya is occupied by kadyrov and at the same time central government is ok with it ? 
  of course they are all right with it , why would n't they be ? 
  kadyrov provides stability in the region and provides a foothold to the region as a strategic landmass for russia in the south . 
  chechnya is part of the russian * federation * . 
  firstly , try to understand the notion of a federation . 
   a federation ( also known as a federal state ) is a political entity characterized by a union of ** partially self-governing states ** or regions under a central ( federal ) government . 
  russia is a hybrid version of this definition , replacing the '' or '' with '' and '' . 
   why they are cooperating with him ? 
  tell me , why would they not want cooperation with a federal republic that is inside the russian federation ? 
  it 's pretty basic . 
  chomsky is an idiot ? 
  please explain how he is an idiot . 
   he is a linguist , philosopher , cognitive scientist , historian , social critic , and political activist . 
  sometimes described as `` the father of modern linguistics '' , chomsky is also a major figure in analytic philosophy and one of the founders of the field of cognitive science . 
  yeah , go ahead and call him an idiot when you know so much better . 
  a lot of twitter users urged the u.s government to bomb czech republic ( even before the name change ) when the tsarnaev brothers committed the terrorist attack in boston . 
  i have a feeling that things wo n't be better now that czechia and chechnya are even more difficult to differentiate . 
  slovakia and slovenia seem to have a rather hilarious letter switch once a year but i wonder how czechia and chechnya will handle it . 
  every time something controversial happens in chechnya , will czechia have to announce a statement saying that they had nothing to do with it ? 
  seems to have worked quite well so far , though . 
  if you do n't understand this simple logic , let me make it into terms that you , as a ukrainian might understand . 
  if crimea is controlled by the russian federation and russia commits a crime there , who should bear the blame ? 
  by your logic , ukraine should be held accountable . 
  even though russia has some influence over chechnya , it does not possess an all-reaching hand that could stop a very low-key massacre from happening . 
  even so , because putin and kadyrov hold a fruitful , yet still insecure relationship , it would be lessened by putin 's actions in the region that is still difficult to handle . 
  if any such actions do take place , the relationship could be damaged . 
  would putin want to damage such a relationship given that kadyrov is the viable option in keeping the region relatively secure ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  trust me , a month 's influx of gastarbeiters from central asia would be enough to cover the labour required for three of them . 
  declining population ? 
  could you please state why this has any relation at all to building skyscrapers ? 
  tatars abroad , for example , will always say that they are russians , it 's more of a domestic thing to label yourself as one ethnicity or the other . 
  of course there is the distinction between rossyanin and russkiy but then again i would always consider myself russkiy even though i have a tatar forefather and is quite evident by my appearance . 
  with muslims , they treat their religion more connected to their identity . 
  for muslims , any other muslim is a brother in the religious sense , but one could also have an equal balance between identifying as both russian and muslim . 
  it , of course , varies from person to person . 
  suppose whatever you like and support whatever you like . 
  i 'm saying that pictures can be manipulated and relevant statistics should be used instead of a woman with a soldier .
