  please provide a source stating that nazi germany and soviet union were an alliance ? 
  i mean it ca n't be that hard . 
  or are you just going to downvote me for saying that there was no such thing as a nazi-soviet alliance as per the definition of an alliance . 
  yet again no source and i 'm getting downvoted for no apparent reason . 
  all i did was ask for a source and stated that molotov-ribbentrop pact was a pact and not an alliance . 
  molotov ribbentrop - ** pact . 
  ** you have failed to produce an example of an alliance . 
  please provide a source that shows soviet union and nazi germany formally being allies . 
  what does this have to do with russia supposedly financing anti-fascists ? 
  it 's an article about chechnya , chechens and homosexuality . 
  it 's as if you have some kind of hard-on of bringing everything slightly related to russia back to alluding to the oppression of the baltics and the labelling of fascism . 
  this comment has absolutely nothing to do with the article itself . 
  i send my condolences . 
  what a horrible week , regardless of whether it was a terrorist attack or not . 
   no sorry i do not receive a playbook daily with scripted replies from the ministry of truth like some here do , nor am i paid by kremlin . 
  you replied by trying to downplay horrible deaths of children by suggesting a conspiracy . 
  how about occam 's razor test , why would syrian people gas themselves ? 
  it 's great that your suggestion about receiving a playbook from the ministry of truth came out of nowhere , especially considering that it has nothing to do with the content of my reply . 
  by that logic , you have replied by suggesting a '' conspiracy '' as well . 
   and well done illustrating with your comments that you consider syrians as subhuman and trying to deflect and spin it as conspiracy since you edited your comment , i 'll reply by asking you where i considered syrians as subhuman and spun it as a conspiracy ? 
  dear god , that 's not a very thoughtful reply . 
  even so , do you think that only countries that have shown solidarity towards others deserve it ? 
  i really do n't see your point here . 
  if your father did n't give you a birthday present , would you not give him one as a response ? 
  you 'd have to be a very butthurt individual for that to be the case . 
  are you seriously copy-pasting this on all comments that defend russia in this ? 
  even so , do you know the difference between a war and a terrorist attack ? 
  and afaik , nobody has been blamed yet for that attack . 
  think logically , why would russia or assad gain from dropping chemicals over civilians ? 
  the only sources about the attack so far are the white helmets ( funded by us , uk and the commonwealth ) and syrian observatory for human rights ( one guy hiding in the uk ) . 
  it 's a great comment if you want to provoke someone but please understand the difference between war and terrorism . 
  the former has continuous use of force where civilians deaths are an unintended consequence . 
  terrorism , on the other hand , is the unlawful use of violence and intimidation , especially against civilians , in the pursuit of political aims where civilians are targeted . 
  yeah the children that die in terrorist attacks totally support making those decisions . 
  the belgian/german one is just something else . 
  it 's amazing what people can do as a collective on the internet !, 
  the kids that died had so much influence on russian politics , right ? 
  even if poor decisions were made on a government level , should you not mourn individual people ? 
  you have dehumanised the situation completely and i suggest you step out of the sphere of reddit and politics to understand that regular people are just like you and me . 
  ah okay thanks !, 
  random question but are there many erasmus students in slovenia and are many slovenes going on erasmus ? 
  when i was there i heard quite a lot of english/other languages spoken in the bezigrad area . 
  why am i communist ? 
  explain to me how it is cheap propaganda ? 
  it 's interesting how anything that does n't fit your narrative gets dismissed as cheap propaganda . 
  great way to discuss , really . 
  do n't be naive . 
  when trump makes controversial statements that get blown out of proportion and definitely out of context then people are quick to judge him as a candidate . 
  but here you try to find any reason that navalny did n't say what he did . 
  oh no , he specifically referred to immigrant muslims in general and he 's very hostile towards them in that regard . 
  he has even supported the idea of '' russian marches '' in moscow [ source ] ( http://www.rawstory.com/2013/11/russian-nationalists-stage-anti-muslim-march-in-moscow/ ) . 
  but of course , you will turn a blind eye to any of this because you 'd do anything to get rid of putin , am i right ? 
   you ca n't be mad at the people for caring about what politicians say , that 's what they 've been judged on for centuries . 
  in this case , should n't people care what navalny has said ? 
  comparing muslims to cockroaches , advocating for gun rights in russia . 
  i really enjoy this sub 's double standards . 
  any candidate as far as russian elections go , you 're perfectly happy with someone that says this ( in regards to other human beings , muslims ) :  `` cockroaches can be killed with a slipper , but as for humans , i recommend a pistol . '', 
  it 's not about corruption but rather the fact that nobody ever focused on what he could bring to the table but instead focused on all the controversial things he said . 
  the opposite goes for navalny in this case . 
  people here see him as a competent leader that follows a western style political model but do n't look at all the controversial things he has said like comparing muslims to cockroaches and speaking for gun rights , as well as all the other things that completely go against the image of what people believe him to be . 
  funny how that would never be said when trump was running for president . 
  when trump was heard to be grabbing women by the pussy it was like the atom bomb was dropped over nagasaki but now that navalny is saying all this ridiculous shit , it apparently does n't matter because fuck putin right ? 
  it 's currently top of the front page of the sub , so i really do n't know what you 're trying to say here . 
  russians are very underrepresented in this sub and site in general and there are less russians than even smaller countries such as finland , sweden , even some of the baltic states . 
  the ones that are on reddit obviously speak english , however . 
   i think we should just go for broke and send a cheap disco dj to ` bang out some tunes ' and see how that does . 
  well graham norton would in any case provide the bants on bbc . 
   when the icelandic act was booed because of that volcano disrupting air travel . 
  brutality . 
  those pesky icelanders with their damn volcanoes . 
  how dare they ? 
  but i agree with you , even if uk send a good song this year i would n't be surprised if it would still end up in the bottom simply because of the popularity game defined by pro-european values and no external controversy . 
  just because you personally have n't heard of her does n't mean that she 's not reasonably known . 
  performing in the olympics and a factor makes her a viable candidate and well-known in those parts , i.e. 
  people following song and dance competitions . 
  to put this into perspective , millions of russians watched the paralympics ceremony . 
   russia had to declare boycott the moment ukraine won . 
  they never declared boycott . 
  they can pick and choose however they like , right ? 
  and notwithstanding the fact that she 's the russian entry or anything . . 
   do n't , russia say it 's a sign they relinquish crimea russia thinks crimea is russian in any case . 
  why would russia care what ukraine thinks ? 
  and russia should not send a singer to ukraine which won because of politics in the first place ? 
  well for once we are not fighting with weapons and tanks . 
  now we 're fighting with wheelchair ladies and songs . 
   even in russia she was pretty unknown . 
  you do realise that she performed during the sochi olympics , right ? 
  she 's not just some random wheelchair-lady that suddenly appeared with a semi-catchy tune . 
  i 'm actually really surprised at this point . 
  the best scenario from a ukrainian standpoint would be to make absolutely no deal about it and now it 's a shitfest . 
  fantastic entertainment , though . 
  see my reply to other guy . 
  it 's not about crimea . 
  all citizens that cross over the border to russia are managed properly and are dealt with in terms of citizenship , checking their documents etc. 
  what 's happening in ukraine is that you have absolutely no control about who goes in and out and god knows what can/is being smuggled across the border and not i 'm not even talking about weapons . 
  the border is a joke . 
  but . . you do seem to tackle this problem by building your trump-esque wall that is projected to be built by 2019 . 
  * grabs popcorn * i 'm not really a fan of eurovision but damn these are interesting times . 
  maybe you should enforce tighter border controls and checkups ? 
  ever thought about that ?
