  do polish public media work as intended ? 
  ( imho , there should n't be any government funded media , but that 's my opinion ) . 
  i 've edited my comment , because i thought the author did n't mention the fact about ct ruling . 
  where i 'm justifing current government actions ? 
  you assume too much . 
  i agree . 
  however in my opinion , pis have too big ego after they won elections . 
  so they think they can do everything and are doing that . 
  you are correct , i somehow misunderstood this paragraph or i 've overlooked it . 
   it comes after pis quashed the nomination of five new judges by the previous government to install its own people . 
  the author of the article does n't mention the important fact . 
  ** only three nominations by previous government were legal . 
  ** edit : i somehow misunderstood next paragraph or i 've overlooked it . 
  nowadays , there are also different kind of fish , e.g. 
  in my family we prepare also salmon . 
  yep , thats our tradition . 
  whats wrong about this fish ? 
  really ? 
  they must be coalition than !, 
  it 's mainly about corruption and nepotism . 
  po loose so many voters , because of tape scandal . 
  it 's previous leader donald tusk run to brussel , because he knew about this coming , his succesor ewa kopacz , was just , incompetent for party leader . 
  pis was in power in 2005 till 2007 . 
  many people voted for po , so pis wo n't be in charge . 
  zlew , this is name of coalition , it 's formed mainly by sld , succesors of communists parties . 
  psl also in power since 1989 , the joke about them is , no matter who rules , they are always in coalition with them . 
  they represent nepotism of rural areas . 
  all this parties have postcommunist in their ranks . 
  all of them have people who rule this country since 1989 . 
  there are several successes after last election , more than 200 new members of parliament ( who were n't in it before ) and sld did n't get in . 
  why pis is so furiously fighting for ct ? 
  i think they want to finally do proper communist veting ( of course , they have few of them in their party , so it will end probably with some exceptions ) edit : * or change judiciary system in poland , because our judges are not responsible for anything , our constitution give them such protection * and to do that they need to change courts , media etc. 
  they are afraid that ct will block them , so they block ct. . poland tried to do communist vetting in 1992 , however it did n't work out . 
  for jaros\u0142aw kaczynski thats last chance to `` bring justice '' to them , so he will do everything to achieve that . 
  who was ruling in poland in 2006 and 2007 ? 
   he is completely with pis source ? 
  you put it exactly like it is . 
  there was big campaign in social media to vote for anyone except po/pis/zlew / psl . 
   you keep making dw.de out to be some evil , propagandist outlet . 
  it actually never calls pis authoritarian . 
  all the readers are capable of looking at the facts and making our own minds up . 
  chapter `` journalists under pressure '' imposes that . 
   those in the media who do n't toe the line are intimidated or suspended , as shown by the case of tv personality karolina lewicka . 
   while interviewing culture minister piotr gli\u0144ski , she asked him questions that he did n't like . 
  the truth is , she did n't let gli\u0144ski even answer , because she furiously was interrupting him and after it ceo of polish public tv suspended her , not politician . 
  this chapter is wrote in the way , that after reading , i though that glinski suspended her . 
  definition of verb impose : * to make an impression on the mind ; impose one 's or its authority or influence . 
  * some of those plans in the bill are good , some are bad . 
   not what has happened really ? 
  it does n't mention anything what has happened ? 
  the article imposes on the reader , that every change will be bad/evil/authoritarian . 
  what if opposite will be true ? 
  there was n't even any bill to quote from . 
  because there are n't any ( they got only plans for it ) . 
  previous government was using authoritarian methods . 
  this government did n't change anything about public media yet , however it 's painted as authoritarian . 
  read chapter `` better financing '' of the article . 
  i 'll link you the comment which explains why . 
  and authoritarism is n't evil ? 
  article paints current government as `` evil '' . 
  in truth it should mention that previous government was n't so `` good '' also . 
  moreover i agree , that the current situation with public media must be changed . 
  there should n't be any media controlled or financed by government . 
  because article paints current government as `` evil '' . 
  in truth it should mention that previous government was n't so `` good '' also . 
  do your biggest media serve you `` 24/7 '' anti-government information ? 
  in recent election party kukiz '15 ( 3rd party in the parliament ) got so many votes , because of the internet . 
  people are sick of tv and their information being pushed down the throat ( that you have only 2 choices po or pis ) . 
  now there are memes everywhere , that whatever channel you pick , you get ryszard petru and his party `` nowoczesna '' ( by many called po 2.0 and his leader `` donald tusk 2.0 ) . 
  [ well , that escalated quickly ] ( https://sonnekfit.files.wordpress.com/2014/01/anchorman.jpg ), 
  it depends , where you stand . 
  on the one side , you have journalistic secrecy regulated by press law . 
  on the other hand you have prosecutor , penal code and recorded politicians . 
  internal control of abw did n't said , they abused their power . 
  because polish mainstream media were n't serving national interest earlier . 
  / s e : btw . 
  why article does n't mention , that the polish special forces abw ( internal security agency ) entered the `` wprost '' ( polish magazine ) editorial office and by force tried to grab laptops of journalists . 
  it happened after mentioned magazine published recorded conversations of politicians ( of previous government - po-psl coalition ) , in the end some of those politician where dismissed . 
  e2 : [ video of the incident ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdyq_i9a7gw ), 
   behind the times what does it mean in your perspective ? 
  closer to the election , he is becoming more and more balanced , genuine and overall is making a good impression . 
  what about `` razem '' ? 
   and institute authoritarian rule give me source please . 
   the intent behind duda 's decision is to cause more damage . 
  according to whom ? 
  i agree with you in the theory , however truth was that it only looked like it was competition . 
  at the end , people and activist from governing party were choosen . 
   special forces parliament commission who has been changed ? 
   nato counterintelligence centre k.dusza got his dismission week earlier , however he disobeyed his order and run to tvn to cry about it . 
  mon wanted to change locks to this building , because employees without special certification where coming to this facility to `` work '' ( like k.dusza ) . 
   head of main police the msw ministry nominates new head of main police . 
   lots of national companies bosses got info about their elimination from media . 
  you mean like orlen ? 
  board of directors dismissed ceo . 
  new government , whom have been an opposistion in previous government . 
  now roles changed . 
  democracy works . 
  nothing unusual . 
   change ct bill  change public service bill they can change it ? 
  i do n't wan na go into discussion about ct , bcause it 's waste of time .
