  8 of them were turned back to slovakia under simplified readmission . 
  1 citizen of syria submitted for the asylum in hungary and according to dublin iii treaty , he is being deported there . 
  for boss to earn more , he need more efficient workers . 
  to get them , he has to compete with others for efficient workers . 
  the tool to do that is salary ( or other benefits that come with job ) . 
  all the photos show mostly students ( 20 + yo ) . 
  you prove my point , thanks . 
  nowadays private money dont fund political parties ? 
   does n't change the fact that most people coming to his rallies are underage boys . < bullshit . 
  he is not against schengen system , this system doesnt need eu to work . 
  the countries should compete between each other for workers . 
  he likes idea of free market for almost everything , including education and healthcare aswell job market . 
  his plan is to leave eu . 
  when ? 
  probably when he will be in charge of goverment , will it happen ? 
  probably not . 
  he hopes that eu will destroy itself from the inside . 
  yes . 
  whats wrong in being against socialism ? 
  he is against socialism at all , so aswell against eu subsidies . 
  its not stupid , thats how economy works . 
  if one country have high milk production costs or dont have enough milk to meet demand , than its milk products will costs more , buyers of those products pay higher prices . 
  so if we export our milk to them , they will have cheaper milk products and they could use saved cash elsewhere . 
  the best solution in my opinion , to let the free market work , its not fast solution , you need some time for the market to stabilise . 
  i 've just check the site of the polish federation of cattleman and milk producers and they are in favor of strike which was yesterday . 
  they want increase in prices the producers sell to large buyers . 
  moreover they were punished for overproduction for the 2014/2015 ( the quotas were abolished since april 2015 ) . 
  the amount they have to pay is 161,5 mln eur . 
  unfortunately , the russian embargo for milk products is working . 
  the eu should find new markets for the eu milk . 
  today on polish news radio , the host said that on lesvos are ~ 100k migrants . 
  they can , but they should do that like everyone else looking for better life abroad , do it legally . 
  do they follow the law ? 
  rest of your comment is bullshit . 
  its so stupid even thinking about your logic flaws . 
  following your logic , eu should just invite everyone else and give them free housing with pocket money . 
  if thats their agenda and people vote for them , because of it . 
  thats how democracy works . 
  the same problem is in poland . 
  400 euros a month . 
  medium monthly rent is about 350 euros ( not including warsaw - mazowieckie area . ), 
  polish goverment actually is just german puppet . 
  eating every shit merkel is giving them . 
  hopefully we have goverment election in 1 month and things will change . 
  i found this data , if u have other , show me . 
  https://i1.wp.com/www.londonspovertyprofile.org.uk/indicators/worklessness%20by%20country%20of%20birth.png as you can see , there much less polish people on welfare , than you claim there are . 
  so in your opinion , the hungarian police , should just let them flee ? 
  if no , what they should do ? 
  in 0:15 , do you see what `` economic migrants '' where doing ? 
  because i see them fighting between each other . 
  what police should do , let them fight or stop them ? 
  i treat rt as russian propaganda in opposition of western media propaganda . 
  sure , post it . 
  you see what those fascist , racist , xenophobic , bad hungarian police is doing ? 
  everyone has seen , what those very poor `` economic migrants '' has done with food and water in hungary . 
   yes all of those dirty easterneuropeans that escape poverty and live on richer countries welfare system source ? 
  poland already took more than 60 christian syrian families , which are sponsored by private money . 
  we dont want muslims , because everyone can see , what they are doing in france , uk , sweden , norway , greece , hungary etc. 
  anyway , they dont want to go to poland , because of low social benefits . 
  as far as i know , hungary didnt kick `` economic migrants '' out . 
  they didnt want to stay there ( because in their eyes , hungary is too poor for them ) , so i dont know why u say `` the hungarian refugees '' . 
  hungary wanted to follow eu laws , but austria and germany didnt let them do it . 
  it 's also common in poland . 
  i was driving through romania to bulgaria in 2012 and i would say that you have better roads , than in poland . 
  there is special term in poland for some kind of people . 
  `` you hate russia more , than you love poland '' . 
  duplicate , it was posted 6 days ago by / u/theworstsort, 
  it 's the same anti-pis fanatics like on / r/polska . 
  you just ca n't discuss with them , because even if you defend logic , they will still downvote you , for not being trendy anti-pis . 
  thank you very much , 
  could you elaborate more , because i do n't exactly get the meaning of `` tu quoque '' yet . 
  i never heard about it earlier . 
  i just wanted to say , that i agree with you . 
  exactly . 
   was n't it kaczy\u0144ski who called those that ** do n't support him ** `` the inferior kind of poles '' ? 
  that he was talking about people who are narks and cultivate national betrayal . 
  haha , you might be right :d, 
  `` this habit of reporting poland abroad . 
  in poland there is disastrous tradition of the national betrayal . 
  ** and that 's exactly referral to it . 
  ** that 's in gene of some people , this worst kind of poles . 
  this kind is very active at the moment , because it feels endangered . '', 
  your source lacks one main sentence , which changes whole context . 
  where ? 
   was n't it kaczy\u0144ski who called those that do n't support him `` the inferior kind of poles '' ? 
  he did n't say that . 
  check your sources . 
   at this point ? 
  27 years after the end of communism ? 
  does anyone above 50 care at that ? 
  many people in poland care about that . 
  not only old ones . 
   i 'd rather start going after the oligarchs regardless of whether they were in pzpr , solidarity or business center club and check whether they 're live in poland or in cyprus . 
  i agree with you here , however for me pis = po , so they wo n't touch `` their '' people . 
   as for tupolev - funny , but the plane is not a holy relic . 
  we should not treat it as such , and use normal diplomatic methods of retrieval with russia . 
  i think pis is going to use such methods . 
  what about hungary , why they are in eu , they were mocked for `` breaking '' democracy rules too . 
  does poland need decomunisation ? 
  does poland need to bring back crashed plane and black boxes ?
