  what i also understand is that the residents of that city prefer to see more typical stuff instead of a kebab at every corner , because seriously they 're everywhere . 
  no , i 'm italian . 
  tourists are n't the core of cities , so i couldnt care less if they cant find a kebab in the city centre . 
  they are n't , last time i saw the word spy mentioned was like a month ago, 
  and who the fuck cares ? 
  people live there and may wanto to see more typical stuff, 
  a spanish friend of mine called portugal `` el hermano retrasado de espa\u00f1a '', 
  we do n't have periscopes , so we have to peek out of the water, 
  i do n't have the link to the original article because im on mobile , but in italy it started mostly after wwi . 
  it was used before then of course , but it was n't widely used as today . 
  lol good luck . 
  the most expensive variation of coffee that the best bar i know serves is like 2 euros while the rest being from 80 cents to 1.5 euros . 
  i do n't need overpriced black water, 
  very interesting . 
  current journalism is too concerned about revenue and easy stories . 
  the mediterranean is n't an ocean, 
  ~ ~ the saying is n't exactly like this ~ ~ ok i saw the source , never mind :d, 
  the mafia and similar organisations exist everywhere , even in canada . 
  sometimes they 're less evident , sometimes more, 
   a south that is stuck in time jesus christ what kind of south have you guys seen ? 
  i can only imagine the stupid things that you read abroad . 
  phrases like that make the south sound like its still in the 19th century . 
  ridiculous . 
  why ? 
  bad politics in the last years i guess, 
  you 're saying that you learned italian after sardidnian ? 
  anyway , its just a stupid thing , but it sounds a bit like a sex thing, 
  you know italian and you named something lingula ? 
  like , does n't that sound slightly like something else ? 
  bending over masqueraded as courtesy, 
  \u00c8 vergognoso . 
  i do n't care . 
  if the requests are reasonable , then they can be satisfied . 
  this one was n't . 
  it 's shameful . 
  ask that to the prime minister/whoever did this , not to the italians . 
  i would have cared less than 0 about him getting offended, 
  i saw on the new that the ministry of culture and the prime minister `` did n't know '' that the statues woild have been covered . 
  now , whether they 're hiding behind themselves or not , its still fucking stupid to cover a statue because a guy gets offended by a stone penis . 
  whoever did this is a disgrace and should be fired . 
  good !, 
  274 , but for me they were n't even enough for the rent, 
  if you 're studying engineering : -19 go to uni -19 -  infinity ^ 1 study - infinity ^ 1 -  infinity ^ 2 get a job, 
  * critical hit *, 
  the accident happened in the mediterranean , which is not an ocean, 
  the sea *, 
  no idea : / im not from piedmont, 
  yeah i noticed that not many people , and apparently half of the population , speak a dialect in the north . 
  its a pity, 
  dialects are n't spoken just by the elders . 
  maybe in the north , but in the south everyone knows their dialect, 
  hm ... then ... why do they say italie and not italia ? 
  if you 're wondering why we say francia instead of france , it comes from ( if memory serves ) frank/franchia/franchi, 
  never understood why italia is italy in english . . why the y at the end of the word ? 
  it 's all in the article i linked, 
  and where did i claim that no shots were fired ? 
  im talking about trajectories, 
  some `` random '' paper ? 
  corriere and repubblica are two of the main newspapers in italy . 
  so , no . 
  zero conspiracy theories . 
  since this is a italian and indian thing , you wont find articles on british newspapers or ones from other countries . 
  how do you know that the government did n't push this point ? 
  where did you read this ? 
  if you 're on mobile , hit the `` request desktop version '' button http://www.corriere.it/esteri/12_febbraio_28/fori-barca-maro-india-sarcina_b1b70e78-61d5-11e1-9e7f-339fb1d47269.shtml it 's in italian of course, 
  because these things were said the very first days after the incident . 
  the angle of the shots on the boat were basically horizontal , while if they had been shot from the ship they would have been angled , and a lot, 
  made up bullshit ? 
  their line of fire and the shots on the boat are n't compatible . 
  the bullets they found are n't compatible with the marines rifles . 
  stripped from office , sued and fined, 
  there should be a distinction between internal and foreign terrorism . 
  the days of internal terrorism in italy are luckily gone , as you can see from the graph . 
  how did we get to live in this `` opulence '' ? 
  was it a gift ? 
  no , its the result of millennia of wars , not some fucking incentive given by a dumb politician, 
  it would be a shame if you tried to enjoy the freedoms of your own country . 
  nein , do n't do that . 
  the government does n't help . 
  see the ilva case . 
  woo even this time we found a way to criticise our country, 
  applying logic like you did does n't require being a right wing nut , but apparently if you dare to talk about possible outcomes that do n't align with the `` welcome everyone '' idea . . then . . wow , what a fascist !, 
  when will you people get fucking tired of the same old jokes ? 
  every post i see has someone talking about nazi stuff . 
  look at me im so cultured and i mention nazis when talking about germany dae le nazi ??!, 
  italy . 
  keep them on , i do n't want to see your feet or smell them . 
  thanks . 
  if your shoes are dirty use the small carpet outside the door to clean them as much as you can , and you 're good . 
  where ? 
  i never saw anyone taking their shoes off and if they did , i 'm sure , they 'd received some weird stares . 
  education is essential , while a driving licence is not . 
  failed continent ? 
  why would it be free ? 
  do you think people work for free ? 
  the damage is done . 
  we 're better off importing energy and burning coal are n't we ? 
  because `` but what about the mafiaaaa '' . 
  i know too many people who do n't know **** about nuclear energy and they went crazy with the anti propaganda . 
  what you say is correct , because even between us with have differences that make us take different decisions .
