  also , i feel like the fact that he was found guilty of assault didnt help the relationship , and made the kid ashamed for what he did and the father probably less patient . 
  there 's seems to be too much ambiguity in the use of `` corporale punishment '' . 
  a slap is way different from beating someone . 
  yeah , and then people grow up to be stubborn dumbasses, 
  the production of olive oil in souther italy ( just in apulia ) is enourmous . 
  maybe they import spanish oil in the north , but i can assure you that people in the south have their oil and wouldnt change it for nothing ( not that the spanish one isnt good ) . 
  now , what i would like to see is an increment in chorizo and jamon serrano exports toward italy . 
  in italy i have 3gb for 20 euros , including of course 300 minutes / messages, 
  even though i 'm italian , i simply love english breakfast . 
  sure , caff\u00e8 and cornetto/dolce is good , but ... 
  i mean . 
  bacon :o, 
  i just had a thousand euros saved , luckily my parents could support me , otherwise the total money i had would n't have even financed the rent and bills . 
  ah ok , excluding the loans its still basically more than two times what i got . 
  what the fuck . 
  they gave us 200 $ . 
  no i didnt mean that you need to learn the language , but at least have the decency of knowing that we dont speak spanish !, 
  i mean , its ridiculous !, 
  everybody would feel a bit insulted, 
  but at least learn a few basic phrases . 
  when i hear people who speak spanish thinking we understand it , im a bit annoyed . 
  now , i do speak english and spanish , but we link you speaking a different but similar language to disinterest . 
  thats why you have n't been treated well, 
  no shit dude . 
  im italian , and if you come in my country without even knowing what language we speak , you wont be treated in a friendly way . 
  at least have the decency of knowing what language is spoken in the country you visit, 
  ideally a person is midway through college at 21 , so he/she should have a greater knowledge than a 18 yo . 
  you mean giove, 
  so fucking what ? 
  allora che si usino termini differenti . 
  who ? 
  vedo la flair italy perci\u00f2 te lo dico on italiano . 
  non guardi tg/notiziari sia in tv che su internet ? 
  did you not see the circled a ? 
  you are looking at anarchist, 
   it 's an anarchist/extremist-left thing . 
  yet they call them fascist here . 
  did they draw the typical a ? 
  who cares , theyre fascist !!, 
  the stupidy of some people is absurd . 
  ah i see , by seeing a random dickhead you formed a complete opinion of young male italians ? 
  i would have slapped that dumbass with pleasure, 
  offended ? 
  im actually disappointed by the fact that too many people like you cant talk without offending , or at least trying to . 
  a spoiled little shit like me [ * quoting the comment you deleted * ] , unlike an unpolite and ignorant kid like you , avoids saying bullshit about concentration camps . 
  you 're arrogant , pretentious and unable to talk without offending . 
  reading your stupidities is making me waste data , wan na be tough guy . 
  dont bother replying because you already made a fool of yourself . 
  and you sound really unable to grasp basic concepts . 
  easier words for you : every time we talk about camps , theres no need to recall the concentration camps to discard them . 
  a camp for people isnt necessarily a nazi like camp . 
  its conditions may not be great , but we of couse should make them better . 
  ill also add that whoever associates torture and extermination camps with the camps where refugees are is ignornat and offensive those who really suffered in those ` camps ' . 
  you 're the uneducated one here . 
  yeah , they grow to hate it , so while they are different things . 
  being anti-something means that you actively oppose and damage an entity , while xenophobia doesnt mean that . 
  do we have to turn words around for another day or are we done ? 
  jc a camp doesnt necessarily involve ww2 style atrocities . 
  we 're in 2015 , goddamn anachronistic people . 
  why do i sound pissed off ? 
  because whenever the word camp is around the circlejerk about nazi starts automatically . 
  youre boring . 
  no , one is based on hate and one on ignorance/fear, 
  well , the way i hear islamophobic being used means that you 're hostile towards a culture . 
  im quite aware that every religion creates a culture , islamic , hebrew , christian . 
  so yes , both of them represent a culture . 
  i still dont see the point of the first question though, 
  anti semitic means anti jew , islamophobic means afraid and possibly intolerant towards that culture . 
  definitely two different things . 
  why this question ? 
   islamophobia let me correct you and those like you : extremism-phobia . 
  thats the phobia . 
  dont be a populist . 
  oh how right you are . 
  so many people will call you fascist if you say that this kind of immigration is bad . 
  using the word fascist to define an opponent / opponent 's idea is an immortal trend in italt and its only been rising . 
  on an unrelated note , this is what i once heard about a killer who happened to be a clandestine : `` we should just arrest him and lose the keys '' `` yeah but . . 
  i know hes a killer . . 
  but he 's got family too . . we ca n't take him away from his family '' . 
  motherfucker , he just ended another man 's life and you dare saying that ?? 
  edit : -3 ? 
  try to reply instead of just downvoting . 
  you downvoters just seem stupid . 
  what do you offer ? 
  of course you 're invited !, 
  aww yiss . 
  id be curious about a romance union !, 
  italy + france + spain . 
  whats cooler than that ? 
  italy and france ahahahah no . 
  yeah lets all forget our origins !, 
  if you read it correctly it would sound `` shiienza '' and `` shena '' , where the difference is the `` length '' of the e and i ( nobody days shiienza anymore , it sounds funny ), 
  well , i believe that 's based on an endless loop of `` furbi being furbi '' . 
  does n't always happen , but when there 's the chance that someone might fool you , we automatically try to avoid this in some way , some times using the same `` weapon '' . 
  what ? 
  did you fail at understanding what i wrote ? 
  because there was a phrase , namely `` the education system sucks '' , that should have given you the hint that me and everyone else does n't like whats going on . 
  moreover , what part of `` saying that we are the worst is a blatant lie '' made you understand that we do n't want to do anything to change the situation ? 
  wait . . do i see . . yeah , fallacy of presumption !, 
  how funny !,
