  are you a cave man from wherever it is , and want to come in my country just for the welfare ? 
  then you can fuck off . 
  those who are really playing it down are those who keeps calling everything that opposes this mass immigration as racist . 
  last thing : i also think that you cant be really german/whatever it is unless you lived in germany for a good amount of years , necessary to absorb the culture . 
  thats national identity , the sense of belonging to a culture . 
  :d i 'm an industrial engineering student , well met !, 
  im ahead with the studies , so i had the chance to travel a bit and let me tell you . . 
  i come from a little city too , and i understand what you mean , but do n't take your home city as an example . 
  if i were to take mine i 'd be still designing wooden structures and building churches . 
  definitely try to get in touch with students from bigger cities , and you 'll see that the small village mentality is an outlier . 
  i dont think he meant that . 
  many times i see people mixing illegal immigrants with legal migrants . 
  they are the guests , and they 're welcome as long as they integrate and respect local culture . 
  also , it 's pretty obvious that not every migrant has university level education , and that 's not a problem . 
  when you get swarmed by thousands of illiterate people who riot over a burned book , then i do n't have to tell you how bad that is . 
  hm lets see . . culture i 'd say ? 
  yep , culture . 
  immigration that happens too fast does n't work . 
  it must be gradual and regulated . 
  also , do n't you have a bit of national identity ? 
  lol , they 're missing out, 
  interesting / s, 
  which in dialect is nu \u00e8 difficile . 
  what did he say ? 
  you 're not tolerating an intolerant ? 
  am i living in a different dimension ? 
  real reason ? 
  by observing how the situation evolves, 
  but . . the drakkars !, 
  anyway , it seems you 're getting a bit too much tolerant . 
  tolerating = / = bowing to other people, 
  if you keep accommodating them , yes , it will, 
  from being vikings to this . . oh well, 
  sacra corona unita is dead . 
  there are still a few old timers though but it 's not as bad as the other regions . 
  it happens in the fucking cradle of ndrangheta , and now all the south its like that . 
  ooook . 
  ok , now this is getting ridiculous . 
  i live in apulia , and i 'm pretty fucking sure we are n't poorer than slovenia . 
  we 're poor ? 
  wront post , sorry !, 
  corrupted goes with both, 
  try to squeeze your brain harder and you 'll see that mass murder is n't needed, 
   without their consent  without archaeological supervising pick one, 
  lol gtfo, 
  because normally we arent target of terrorist attacks, 
  the euro-local money exchange helps , a lot, 
  and there 's more !, 
  she said that they do n't torture and that they do n't break human rights . 
  but wait !, 
  she also said that if you cut off the hand of a thief , nobody will steal ever again !, 
  its obviously true , because since hammurabi said this a few millennia ago , nobody stole again . 
  she even used the plural when talking about beheadings as if she would do that . 
  bitch as soon as you start seeing some violence you 'll simultaneously pee and shit yourself, 
  beppe grillo is fucking dumb and what he says conesquently has 0 value, 
  not if we send them back, 
  why the hell should we give them that money ? 
  hm , my mission now is to discover with what i confusedd it, 
   legally hahah legally as in stolen ( or better , taken by force ) from italy and brought back in france, 
  they 're both good . 
  nothing more to say, 
  the italian flag is wrong . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  : / some event to keep the dialect alive . 
  should be organized !, 
  it would be very cool and interesting, 
  correct . 
  the first example that comes to my mind is that we say frate ( brother ) , just like you ( if i remember correctly ), 
  isnt it a bit sad that your dialect is being forgotten ? 
  i like it too , but when a trivial and funny thing becomes the norm , like megathreads written in french , then its annoying . 
  unfortunately the language we speak here is english , period . 
  ah finally a good answer for those who like to be hysterical, 
  lol chill out , you 're the one who mentioned that stuff, 
  no we are n't , stop spreading this bullshit, 
  i find it convenient when talking in an international setting , but i dont really like it . 
  it looks like a random mix of a moltitude of languages , theres no identity nor character !, 
  also , whenever i hear english mixed with italian , i cringe . 
  it sounds ( the mix ) so stupid . 
  summarizing , i look at it like a `` basic tool '' to communicate with others , nothing more . 
  they would prefer psychological techniques that last for years instead of a single stupid slap . 
  yay guilt based cultures , lets psychologically abuse people, 
  you got ta be kidding me , you went from a kid getting a little slap to me slapping unknown people . 
  so many words without realizing you deviated from what i was saying . 
  again , you and the others are missing the fact that i talked about a single slap , or by extension , of rare occasions . 
  of course repeated beatings are dangerous , im not advocating those, 
  guilt techniques are too close for comfort to psychological manipulation . 
  also , trust issues ? 
  geez everyone is growing up as a gracile little flower, 
  see ? 
  youre ignoring what i said . 
  i mentioned 1 - number one - slap . 
  not continuos slapping . 
  are you ( not you in particular ) so fucking unable to differentiate ? 
  it does n't have to have a positive effect , the slap is to `` shock '' the kid , who would have never linked his behaviour with a bad attitude, 
  nah , you ca n't generalize so wildly, 
  i would have been too . 
  again , though , how do you classify a violent slap ? 
  if it leaves you with bloody lips its indeed violent . 
  the effect of the slap is actually psychological , because the kid didnt expect it , since he thought his behaviour was correct , thus surprising him and impressing the memory of being a dick = slap . 
  when you 're grown up , if you dont behave , some people may react violently , so its better to get slapped by your father instead of getting beaten up by someone else .
