  edit : since i thought you were replying to an other comment , you may add fallacy to remember on my side and fallacy to read the whole thing on yours . 
  are you italian ? 
  i unconsciously replied in italian haha . 
  however , what they say about the esame di stato is true . 
  a lot of people cheat during that exam . 
  as i said , though , the problem is n't inherently italian . 
  its the education system that sucks . 
  now , it give excellent results , but there is no meritocracy . 
  also , theres the `` baroni '' problem . 
  many professors ( mainly college ones ) think they own the place and that they make law . 
  i 'm in collegge right now , and amount of bullshit and academic law infring actions are absurd . 
  they call it sever education or shock education , as if you need tl be scared in order to do something better . 
  no idea . 
  i can just say that spain is n't that different . 
  but saying that we are the worst is a complete and blatant lie . 
  mah , percorso e metodo formativo differente . 
   cheating during tests , not printing a receipt , avoid paying taxes , not paying for a train/bus ticket yeah , like we 're the only country doing that !, 
  i 'd say 90-95 % french . 
  more with dialects . 
   for once come on , stop spreading this lie . 
  brigandage , also known as resistance to a forced unification . 
  i like how the guy who wants to do this says `` in the ninth century southern italy was arabic '' . 
  no shit sherlock , 2000 years ago your country was roman !, 
  well done , my sides reached a stable orbit around earth, 
  a converted italian entrepreneur , and middle eastern countries, 
  they probably allied with austria and france, 
  first world war , not second, 
  the countries with / / gave me 0 results , which was a bit weird honestly, 
  it 's almost as if we suddenly realized a lot more countries were in the eu and we were [ like ] ( http://imgur.com/k1q80p8 ), 
  go to the bar called `` bolero '' and enjoy oversized chupitos, 
  seriously , i dont understand the question . 
  italy is shaped like a boot because the earth adjusted that way , what the hell do they expect to be told, 
  i stopped reading when it said they 're comparing them to socrates . 
  wow so progressive !, 
  from one extreme to the other . 
  free speech is also about respect , and those people died too recently to make shit like this . 
  funny as a dirty finger in an eye, 
  no not really , it was just and still is a simple food, 
  football is about physical ability and training , pizza is about the ingredients . 
  like the `` international '' pizza championship in new york where the finnish pizza won . 
  there were n't any italians, 
  thats the least they can do, 
  then you 're just delusional, 
  we 're silently judging you . 
  i could argue that i dont know the setting of that phrase , so i dont know whats happening . 
  what you say doesnt add up to the fact that we 're the fifth richest country in europe . 
  that must mean something right ? 
  i know too well the lazy people side of the country , but your comment is exaggerate . 
  those who only talk about force and extreme actions can of course be labelled extremists . 
  about the last paragraph you quoted  liberal political philosophy is basically nihilism . 
  no nation , no border , no race , no gender etc. 
  it \u00b4 s a mental illness if you ask me . 
  i think that whoever wants a no nation , no border ecc world doesnt have a mental illness , but rather an incredible level of ignorance about how things work . 
  if this sub was extremist , we 'd see a lot of much more heated content being upvoted , and stuff like `` fuck muslims '' would be the least of the problems . 
  i can imagine that you visited my country many many times , in order to show such a deep knowledge about it, 
  seriously ? 
  `` hey , the amount of people disagreeing with me is going up . . hmm . . must be those filthy right wing extremists . . yeah , its impossible that anyone else except for them could disagree with me '', 
  alright , my bad . 
  i agree with that paragraph, 
  the context is death penalty , so it was logical to assume that meaning, 
  well we wouldnt be the ones deciding anyway , so thats not even an option . 
  i dont see anything emotional , though , about sentencing him to permanent isolation . 
  but why does he still have the right to live a light hearted and relaxing life when those poor people 's right to do so has been brutally taken from them ? 
  i would say the same if it happened in italy , where there are many cases where the killer lived normally afterwards . 
  im just profoundly annoyed by the fact that he basically said `` fuck you , you die today '' and now hes saying `` fuck you you cant touch me '' . 
  we should indeed be equal under the law , but law should hit this kind of people with an iron fist . 
   i would rather have 10 criminals stay alive than one innocent die . 
  ~ ~ if you ran a country you wouldnt survive for long ~ ~, 
  yeah because look at him , he * just * lost his family and he 's crying like a baby , who cares about his well being . 
  he should be put in permanent isolation, 
   angry emotional people so having lost my family would make me a simple `` angry emotional guy '' ? 
  do you have an idea of the psychological repercussions on a person 's mind ? 
  you 'd live your remaining years knowing that the guy sometimes smiles when thinking about what he did . 
   maybe , maybe not . 
  we ca n't know until it happens . 
  you 're being blind . 
  you would be utterly disappointed by the sentence given to the murderer and then youd live the rest of your life wondering why he still has the right to live almost normally while the victims will stay in a grave for eternity . 
  i do n't understand why a monster that took the life of 77 innocent people , their future and their dreams is still given the many commodities he has . 
  he 's in a comfortable cell and even has a playstation and a computer and he 's suing norway for inhumane treatment . 
  why is he allowed to have so many choices when he annihilated 77 lives ? 
  and if i remember correctly he\u00ecll serve 20 years and then they have to decide if they want to prolong his sentence . 
  do you know what this means ? 
  i hope so , because if i can muder so many people and more or less keep living my life , who 's going to stop me ? 
  people dont fear the consequences of such acts , because the justice system doesnt apply a just sentence . 
  i would have voted for the death penalty , but the only thing that could have had changed my mind is if they put him in permanent isolation . 
  he shouldnt see anyone apart the guard who brings him food , and thats it . 
  he took the life of 77 people , then he deserves either the physical death penalty or a psychological death penalty . 
  edit : wrote sweden instead of norway , my bad, 
  i 'd like to see your stance on death penalty if a crazy guy brutally murders your whole family ( hypothetically , of course ) . 
  you 'd do a 180 so fast that you 'd drill a hole in the ground, 
  implying `` look at me !, 
  women !, 
  government !, 
  women government good !, 
  i good !!, 
  many women !, 
  no men in power !, 
  i 'm progressive !! '', 
  ok mr engineer, 
   and tourists dont go to italy for kebabs of course , i understand that .
