  my city is on the irish sea despite being english and no one cares lad . 
  imagine if scotland voted for independence and then said they were no longer on the island of great britain , pure petty nationalism . 
  jesus will be born . 
  i liked this , bring back the roman empire !, 
  the more i learn about hitler the more i do n't like him . 
  please remember all this is due to england , the saxons have a hatred of all celtic peoples and need to be brought to heel . 
  poland getting choked the fuck out by russia . 
  notice the made in germany was thing to boast about way back in 1900 to . 
  portugal looking cheeky . 
  ok , thanks for that ... 
  yes just like people helped the jews when the nazis made it illegal . 
  it 's not the 1800s anymore mate , you do n't have any right to put your navy on african territory . 
  you ca n't do that because you ca n't just enter another country 's sovereign territory . 
  good guy hungary, 
  you 're not shadow banned lad, 
  she could have broke her neck for fucks sake , he should be done for attempted murder . 
  the alt right used to just be far right memes from 4chan , now they 're just blanketing it as anything and everything nationalistic to make it seem like a new unified movement is on the rise . 
  i was born in the wrong generation and nation . 
  because most people will at some point spend some time in body of water and it is useful for them to know how to not drown . 
  sorry , just doing some early morning shit posting i know the ussr was horrific . 
  i would have thought being taught how to swim would be mandatory everywhere tbh . 
  rip to the best villains in american films of all time ( all time ), 
  murdering men is still legal, 
  because they know how savage it is and if they stop forcing it upon innocent children their tradition will die out within a generation . 
  the uk 's jewish population is shrinking due to low birth rate and intermarriage with non jews . 
  we still have the loons in the black suits that do n't believe in evolution having lots of children though , so that 's nice ... 
  i always use cash and coins for small purchases and on nights out . 
  is n't that the main argument for nation states ? 
  a bbc presenter calling sweets ` candy ' i want to vomit . 
  he legalised gay marriage which was pretty nice . 
  there are a lot of messed up cultures in the world aside from the islamic cultures . 
  in a high security prison `` what you in for ? '', 
  `` i killed a man just to see how it felt '' `` how about you ? '', 
  `` i sold women into sex slavery '' `` you ? '', 
  `` i-i ate a bacon sandwich '', 
  all the coloured immigrants integrated except the muslims ones though . 
  the mass migration of pakistanis came in the 60 's mate . 
  it does when you 're only here for 6 months sharing a flat with people stacking away money to take back home . 
  that is an argument that they should do more to teach irish imo, 
  in the nationalists hearts they are . 
  were they older people ? 
  surely the internet makes it a lot harder to fool young people with such nonsense . 
  please do n't post stuff like this , it is very embarrassing . 
  i am sure they learn to spell words with a ` u ' and to pronounce t 's sharply and do soft r 's but in english class but i really doubt some boring teacher can compete with the endless amounts of high budget first class entertainment from the us . 
  my experience has been the opposite , most use american words and tend to speak in a bit more nasally way like americans . 
  it 's not exactly shocking the us is the cultural superpower and we all watch and enjoy some form of american media . 
  i know people after living here a while tend to pick up the english accent which is pretty crazy to me though . 
  that most people learn english from america 's massive cultural domination and not from british culture or sources . 
  just use an american flag , it 's not like most euros speak british english anyway . 
  edit : why has this gotten so many down votes ? 
  brilliant video , i 've already watched it earlier but highly recommend it . 
  i like that town houses are becoming more common , we ca n't spread out due to density so fuck it give me 4 floors of 500 square feet . 
  they should have named the street after the mp3 player . 
  i legit do n't get it , what about this is supposed to trigger ? 
  that it is a women 's lobby ? 
  you 're trying to trigger ` them ' by reminding them of some random mp that was murdered in the summer ? 
  bit rude . 
  i 'm not alt right and jo cox will entirely forgotten as nothing bore than a single days news in 2016 . 
  i do n't know why this bothers you so much , were you a big fan of her career ? 
  been through what ? 
  sorry to replay again but jo cox is irrelevant and will be forgotten . 
  i am pro eu , thanks for assuming though mate . 
  well that is just fucking stupid . 
  what was the right reason ? 
  being an mp ? 
  it 's awful that a woman got murdered while doing her job but she was n't anyone remarkable or of note . 
  where has he been held up as a hero ? 
  people feel bad because it 's awful he got murdered but no one is naming streets after him . 
  how does her being killed make her a person of note ? 
  she was n't a major figure in uk politics , the vast majority of the country had never heard about her until she was murdered . 
  it just seems odd that she would be given the honour out of all women . 
  to be fair if you 're reduced to picking some random nobody politician that got killed from a foreign country it seems you 're scraping the barrel . 
  it 's not like she is symbolic of something great like rosa parks . 
  or something . 
  you 're functionally an utter mong, 
  wow , you 're not very bright are you ? 
   guy says there wo n't be wars because it would be bad economically  two biggest wars happen  you spaz out like an utter mong, 
  but why does social conservatism have to do with economic conservatism ? 
  `` i want low taxes and a small state '' `` i agree , also let 's ban pornography and take away gay rights '' `` wait what does one have to do with the other '' `` erm , i dunno '', 
  you implied there would n't be a war because it would n't be profitable , you 're wrong , you stupid , you 're a loser , you 're an utter mong . 
  i do n't see what someone being socially liberal in terms of gay rights , immigration , multiculturalism had to do with how they feel about trains being nationalised or how large the welfare state should be . 
  so you were wrong , you utter mong . 
  yeah and there were two world wars you utter mong . 
  why are social issues and economic even combined in politics ? 
  i just seems bizarre . 
  france 's first female president , so progressive . 
  so you 're a fascist . 
  most of these are native britons though . 
  delete this crap , you 're just demonising people of colour you fascist fuck . 
  yes you bloody racist . 
  pan european nationalism is nothing more than white nationalism . 
  thank you soviet union for smashing fascism leading to the peaceful post national , multicultural societies we enjoy now . 
  africans need to be taught in detail of their rights to seek asylum in europe . 
  what is happening in france now is nothing short of a reenactment of the second world war , fascism , racism , nationalism versus liberalism , multiculturalism and globalism . 
  bash the fash with your democracy !, 
  i agree , they 're also fascist . 
  british nationalism was a invented by the english to trick the scots and welsh into adopting english ideas of racial dominance . 
  english nationalism revolves around racial dominance of others . 
  look at what we did to the irish !, 
  good night , alt right,
