  now tell me what can they eu politicians do to stop the endless stream of life from africa just floating over to europe until they replace the natives ? 
  keep in mind it is the current year . 
  israel has black jews and the reason they 're only 75 % is because they 're land was only colonised in early 20th century and now the arabs are out breeding them . 
  i agree we should have let gaddafi use his air force on protesting civilians but then the same lefty shitheads would be moaning at us for not stopping him . 
  what can they possibly do ? 
  it 's over , europe belongs to the africans now . 
  laws are not written by god we can change them , the entire refugee convention should be done away with , it was written when there were only 250 million africans now the african population is over a billion and will be well over 4 billion by 2100 . 
  or just not let in anyone from africa or asia ? 
  this , i would n't be surprised if islamic terrorists have a lot of attacks planned for just before the election to get the public to swing far right . 
  no , how did you infer that from my post ? 
  i just think canada helped save france two times in 30 years and it is awfully rude for the french president to then visit canada and state he supports the canadian state being snapped apart . 
  how is this hard to understand ? 
  canadians fought for france twice within 30 years and degaulle spits in their faces like this , what a cunt . 
  it just seems odd to put in a children 's film , i mean i 'm bi and love twinks ( hence the username ) but worry about this sort of thing being forced by the ideological left . 
  i dunno i 'm probably wrong , this is probably how people felt about mixed race couples in children 's media a few decades ago it all just depends on how it is done . 
  no just because the people on the island could mostly communicate due to language does n't mean you had a single unified state until brits conquered the island as a whole . 
  also i do n't know why you decided to big up dublin as the second city of the empire out of nowhere but if dublin was the seconded city of britain how does that work the narrative of the evil british oppressing the irish ? 
  why would an oppressor allow their oppressed peoples to rise to such a high standard ? 
  you ca n't reunify with something they were never previously unified with rofl, 
  why are they putting gay stuff in children 's films ? 
  when english speakers are speaking in your language can you tell the difference between brits and americans etc or does it all just sound the same ? 
  ireland was a full part of the uk back then . 
  you never mentioned any genocide, 
  not an argument, 
  is n't there major differences between the western and eastern part of the country with he west being more liberal end the east being more conservative ? 
  the refugees would have a shorter journey . 
  why does ireland have so few dogs ? 
  the irish landscape is top tier dog walking material . 
  regressing back in time to a more savage age , civilisation is not on autopilot and we must always fight for progress or revert back to cavemen . 
  literally all those were good things except gallipoli being a failure . 
  fuck britain !, 
  i would n't bet on it love . 
  you forgot to mention how british people are just so hideously ugly . 
  yes i am . 
  small state , open borders , free markets . 
  b-but muh windfarms, 
  i am a liberal i hate communism because it is just the same large state shit as fascism, 
  typical fascist thing to post . 
  a true feminist . 
  he is a fascist, 
  is there a lot of crime in the black forest ? 
  if i were alive 100 years ago i 'd likely be in some water soaked trench trying my hardest to kill some other god forsaken young men sitting in the trench across from me . 
  i wonder who could be behind this ? 
  open the borders , africans will have lots of children if we allowed them to bring their families over . 
  fascist as in his government was centred on war terrorist as he terrorised a million iraqis to death racist he only attacked them because they were n't pure blooded anglos ( i know he is a scot but he submits to the ideology of anglo supremacy ), 
  tony is a fascist terrorist racist, 
  they just want a better life for crying out loud let them in !, 
  france should pay reparations to all of it 's former colonies and have open borders with the people it oppressed . 
  you can tell people to grow up when you grow out of communism, 
  wait your argument against capitalism is that for the chinese to pull themselves out of poverty they have to move to the new mega cities ? 
  wow . 
  communists really are lazy and stupid . 
  no you 're wrong , most third world countries are shit because of the corrupt governments , take china for instance , after opening their markets they have lifted literally hundreds of millions out of poverty . 
  if every country in the world had a stable government with open markets everyone in the world would be richer and the gap between rich and poor but be closed to western and eastern europe rather than it 's current state of western countries and africa . 
  german pollution ca n't melt steal beams, 
  it literally has though , comparing communism which is evil to capitalism which is morally righteous is just cringworthy and makes you look like an idiot . 
  fuck communism every bit as fuck fascism . 
  let both those cancers stay dead in the 20th century, 
  he has been doing this for years , literally years . 
  all those anglo nations at the top with fucking myanmar taking the # 1 spot ? 
  very interesting stuff . 
  stop it !, 
  i 'm still a hip young dude !!, 
  a big beautiful wall, 
  i have the sudden urge to seize the means of production and evenly distribute chicken dinner to the working class, 
  i used to be scared of spitting image as a child because they looked so fucked up . 
  if i remember correctly in the first 6 months of the war britain lost more men to the us than it did to actual iraqis, 
  you can lose your job for having the wrong opinions ( rightfully so ), 
  we were also going to use nerve gas on the beaches as a defence . 
  island privilege is best privilege . 
  no it did n't they properly invaded and occupied france . 
  it 's not like they stayed in germany and just bombed from afar them until they said `` ffs we give up just stop it '', 
  to break the morale of the civilians . 
  a lot of fascists thought democracy made people weak and they could be bombed into forcing their governments to surrender . 
  thanks for the recommendations [ the western front just does n't move !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wgqgeotf4e ), 
  i read china wants to push this so the us ca n't block their trade on the seas if they get into a tiff . 
  like when we brought in low educated pakistanis in the 50 's to do unskilled labour , that worked a treat . 
  i think father christmas is dying in britain , this christmas everyone was calling him santa despite my correcting them . 
  control + f and put in chart 5 : population pyramids for ethnic groups in england and wales, 
  soon all the country will be like london , it is quite sad but there is nothing that can be done now , all hope is lost . 
  the saddest part is how the people who replace us will rewrite our history in our own land , it will be like we were never even here . 
  if you stop reading the title at `` turkish marriage guide advises wives to wear sexy outfits '' it is pretty good advice . 
  https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/populationestimates/bulletins/2011census/2013-05-16#ethnicity sorry it was for england and wales not the uk as a whole . 
  apparently only 80 % of england and wales is white british , when the baby boomers die off things are going to get very interesting . 
  edit : http://www.ageuk.org.uk/documents/en-gb/for-professionals/equality-and-human-rights/419_0207_ageing_and_ethnicity_in_england_a_demographic_profile_of_bme_older_people_in_england_2007_pro.pdf?dtrk=true this site just focuses on england . 
  go down to age and ethnicity , in england white children between the ages of 0-4 are just under 60 % anyone denying the fact whites will be replaced in western europe is just delusional . 
  could someone explain to me who soros is ? 
  i hear of him a lot but do n't who he is and what he does to make so many people hate him . 
  natives will almost definitely be a small minority , children in the uk are about 64 % white , imagine going back to the 50 's when non white immigration started and telling people that , they 'd think you were a loon . 
   school of oriental and african studies fuck white people studies, 
  someone should just leave when he does n't show up on time . 
  yes . 
  yes ? 
  i can do that because this site is n't designed around having you speak with people you know in real life like facebook is . 
  i stopped using social media about three years ago , i now actively avoid it . 
  you say it memeing but the world is vastly better that rome existed . 
  europe is much more a peninsula than a continent , calling it a continent is just a remnant of white supremacy . 
  women love dark handsome men , that is why so many women are pro refugee . 
  imagine if instead of dark swarthy rugged refugee men migrating in the millions it was beautiful , soft , light haired , fair skinned women migrating in the millions , i guarantee women would be against that but the men would be for it .
