to be fair british houses are tiny , there are loads of new build estates like [ this ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@53.1777947,-0.5983524,3a,75y,337.87h,77.66t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sdewe2zporyowm7omjgybxa!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) which do a lot with very little space but for some reason loads of people hate them . 
  i personally think they 're a great mix of detached , terraced and town houses . 
  i do n't get the hate . 
  because they see the votes and the main parties have to appeal to those voters which stops the loonies from getting parliamentary seats . 
   vatican city really makes you think . 
  trump supports : making america great again hilary supports : not making america great again what is so hard to understand ? 
  he wants to make america great again , what is wrong with that ? 
  do you not want america to be great again ? 
  trump has said he will make america win bigley . 
  hilary supports not making america great again and spirit cooking . 
  what is a good stream for courage ? 
  the us stole the british east india flag !, 
  it will dramatically cut down on people donating sperm but fair enough for the children . 
  a lot of indians do n't consider it to be an accent they consider it to be their unique indian dialect of english . 
  of course they look happy if they did n't look happy they 'd disappear . 
  i really hope you 're being ironic , you just posted a press event by a totalitarian dictatorship . 
  example ? 
  people were n't cheery when the wwii started, 
  wwi destroyed the old world . 
  think of the war , how many of the countries had emperors or kings as the leader of the country . 
  notice how after the war there were no great powers lead by monarchs in fancy costumes . 
  the old european aristocracy was done away with . 
  russia became communist , germany and italy became fascist . 
  the ottoman empire did n't exist anymore . 
  the romance of war had been shattered and the rise of cynicism became the norm . 
  at the start of the war all over the continent the street had people cheering happy that they were in a war . 
  think of that . 
  people came out not to protest a war but to celebrate it . 
  that was gone . 
  look at a picture of the first french soldiers that went to fight the germans in the battle of the frontiers and then the french soldiers at the end of the war they look like they are from different worlds because well , they are . 
  that is n't to even mention military tactics that were first developed in the first world war that become the norm post wwi . 
  it was the first conflict that dragged the americans out of their western hemisphere . 
  the first world war changed everything . 
  that is arguable . 
  it is very over shadowed by wwii in the uk too for clear reasons but over the past year i have become utterly fascinated with the first world war . 
  it really changed the world like nothing else did . 
  i consider the war to be the start of the modern world . 
  i present the following quotes by prince philip `` still throwing spears ? '', 
  ( question put to an australian aborigine during a visit in march 2002 ) `` if a cricketer , for instance , suddenly decided to go into a school and batter a lot of people to death with a cricket bat , which he could do very easily , i mean , are you going to ban cricket bats ? '', 
  ( in 1996 , amid calls to ban firearms after the dunblane shooting ) `` how do you keep the natives off the booze long enough to get them through the test ? '', 
  ( speaking to a driving instructor in oban , scotland ) `` it looks as if it was put in by an indian . '', 
  ( in 1999 , referring to an old-fashioned fuse box in a factory near edinburgh ) `` you are a woman , are n't you ? '', 
  ( in 1984 , in kenya , to a native woman who had presented him with a small gift ) `` you ca n't have been here that long - you have n't got a pot belly . '', 
  ( in 1993 , to a briton in budapest , hungary ) `` are n't most of you descended from pirates ? '', 
  ( in 1994 , to an islander in the cayman islands ) `` you managed not to get eaten , then ? '', 
  ( in 1998 , to a student who had been trekking in papua new guinea ) `` if it has got four legs and it is not a chair , if it has got two wings and it flies but is not an aeroplane , and if it swims and it is not a submarine , the cantonese will eat it . '', 
  ( at a 1986 world wildlife fund meeting ) `` brazilians live there '' ( on key problems facing brazil ) `` do you know they have eating dogs for the anorexic now ? '', 
  ( sharing a joke with a blind , wheelchair-bound girl with a guide-dog ) `` in the event that i am reincarnated , i would like to return as a deadly virus , in order to contribute something to solve overpopulation . '', 
  ` ever been on a plane before ? 
  it was just like that . ', 
  ( to the leader of paraguay when asked how his flight was ) ` deaf ? 
  i 'm not surprised with that bloody racket ! ', 
  ( to a class of deaf children sat next to a brass band ) ` do you have a licence for that ? ', 
  ( to a man in a motorized wheelchair ) ` if you stay here much longer you 'll all be slitty-eyed . ', 
  ( to british students in china during royal visit there in 1986 . ), 
  look at the unemployment rates of southern europe , the eu elite are clearly willing to let european people suffer for a long time rather than budge on their political goal . 
  the pope will give some epic speech and the swedes will realise the error of their ways and convert to catholicism , dues vult all the kebabs out of their country , ban abortion and start having large catholic families . 
  morality . 
  october 30 is england is called mischief night and usually involves egging windows and running away, 
  the standard essex girl then . 
  i thought everyone celebrated halloween . 
  i used to just dirty up my face , put on my grand dad 's flat cap and go as a homeless person . 
  then go bobbing for apples when i got home . 
  was good fun as a child . 
  halloween is just a regular fancy dress party as an adult though . 
  4th and 5th generation ? 
  i thought the turks only arrived in the 60 's ? 
  i love visiting france , it is such a remarkably beautiful country . 
  i would love constantinople to be greek again just for the romance of it . 
  it is an embarrassment to all of western civilisation that such an important city in our history is still controlled by the turks . 
  how do men still living with their parents in their 20 's have sex lives ? 
  do you feel comfortable bringing random girls home before you know if it is going to become something serious ? 
  russia has a population of 140 million and shrinking fast due to emigration and low birth rate , an economy smaller than italy , it does n't have global military reach . 
  it is a regional power that is all . 
  the us is the only superpower in the world . 
  russia is n't even close to being a superpower m8, 
  nice work , they look like icebergs that we 're going to hit . 
  then you have to choose between slowly replacing the population via immigration or economic stagnation like we have now as an everlasting feature . 
  i seriously believe fertility is the key most important issue in the west right now . 
  previously iran 's channel press tv was also shut down too . 
  video very related https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sv1zufvetno, 
  it is their culture so we have to teach them that their culture and heritage is wrong and they should become western liberals or they can get the fuck out . 
  lol , why should they flee nigeria because of boko haram ? 
  just get a train down south to a different part of nigeria . 
  the government should n't make laws against denying things even if they 're clearly true . 
  savage, 
  oh no are you going to starve us to death ? 
  maybe if turkey , russia and the middle east did n't exist europe would be a real continent rather than an arrogant peninsula . 
  i never realised they did that because they pronounce t 's softly then i saw people on reddit calling it `` patty 's day '' lol, 
  [ just using this as an excuse to post the dubliners ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8hb5nzwe4i ) edit : [ also the clancy brothers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ypic-o1o3k ), 
  rip uk, 
  if they do n't want to live in their own country then they 're pretty shitty nationalist imo, 
  scotland used to be very conservative and the snp used to be nicknamed `` the tartan tories '' how times change . 
  a properly conservative country like most east asian countries . 
  i do n't see how fascism is needed , just change the pension system so your pension will be determined on how many children you have and increase naturalist support . 
  why does it have to go fascist ? 
  just change the immigration laws , do away with the refugee convention and say `` you ca n't come anymore , we do n't want you '' while being extremely strict . 
  you do n't need to turn your country into an oppressive fascist shithole to just not let millions of africans and asians to flood in . 
   toilet seat complexion my sides, 
  i said `` they '' meaning eu politicians , uk is a part of europe and we 're all fucked in this situation .
