the titled copied from the original article ? 
  have you even clicked the link ? 
  or hovered your mouse over the link ? 
  you have quick instead of mcdo . 
  way better if you ask me . 
  now the locals must adapt to the people coming from other places ? 
  donostia is a better place to live in . 
  so , you have that going for you . 
   `` france is not just fucking paris . '', 
  they are totally right . 
  if the only thing you have visit of france is the capital , you missed a lot . 
  that 's a new level of motherfuckery . 
  the government brought the infected guy from africa to spain , put the nurse to work without the needed material to avoid infection and now , while she is in the hospital , they kill her dog . 
  bastards !, 
  the videos on the news . 
  a few dozens ( at most ) walk down a street and the police ( who outnumbered them by a factor of 3 ) just beat the protesters . 
  no provocations , no throwing rocks/rockets/sticks , nothing . 
  just the police beating guys that could be my granddad . 
  in a country were ~ 70 % of all what is produced is consumed within the country , reducing the purchasing power and the capacity of consumption will solve the unemployment problem . 
  ladies and gentleman of / r/europe , an applause . 
  we have been enlightened by one of the most brilliant minds of our time . 
  people living in the cities and towns vote for them . 
  i do not know if that fits the definition of popular vote . 
  i will answer that after the next elections . 
  whenever they want for all i care . 
  according to the constitution redacted by the heirs of the fascist disctatorship and `` voted '' by threatened ( `` vote this or everything is going to stay the same '' ) people that were indoctrinated by 40 years of fascist propaganda , yes . 
  not that catalans should care , though . 
  that 's why they take the ap-7 direction tarragona and get out in el perell\u00f3 , to steal the fruit . 
  something from the naturals of barcelona : - `` diesels '' , they go everywhere and do n't spend a penny . 
  - if you have fruit trees next to a road , they stop to steal peaches , oranges , apples ... does not matter , if it 's next to the road it 's for the taking ( bastards !, 
  not after 987 . who ruled the catalans from 987 to ~ 1136 ? 
  which is quite a long period of time , by the way ... 
  there was a counter-demonstration in tarragona . 
  7000 people , from all over spain . 
  that 's a minority . 
   they claim christopher columbus is catal\u00e1n and teach it in their schools . 
  this is false . 
  a catalan guy who looks like an older ` giorgio tsoukalos ' from a fringe `` institute '' constitute only by himself says that columbus was catalan . 
  source : born , raised and educated in catalonia . 
  never , ever heard a history teacher claim such thing . 
  oh , by the way most people in catalonia does not even know that this guy exist . 
  and the ones who do , make fun of him . 
  how an internet joke is taken seriously in madrid , and exaggerated and distorted up to the point you claim that it 's taught in schools is beyond me . 
  taking into account what happened last summer in salou involving 2 gangs of people from marseille , i doubt it 's over . 
  maybe , less reported . 
  i do not know what 's their problem , they can not stop killing each other not even while on vacation . 
  i know a guy , fernando . 
  worst 9 ever . 
  he could have , from time to time , a good day . 
  but he is mostly horrible . 
  a good player for your purposes . 
  google it . 
  if / u/kareninareborn posts a receipt , the mother of all flamewars will start . 
  `` you barbarian piece of shit , you put onion on the omelette '' , `` oh , shut up . 
  you do n't even beat the eggs properly '' . 
  reddit will close and the discussion will still be going on . 
  that is just plain wrong . 
  allioli ( notice the ll ) as its name indicates is all ( garlic ) and oil ( olive oil ) . 
  if you have been server mayonnaise with garlic as allioli , you have been ripped off . 
  and the only reasonable reaction to such a despicable act is to throw the little bowl containing such aberration against the wall . 
  garlic , oil and a good arm . 
  that 's the only thing you need to make allioli . 
  it 's meant to be yellow ( or maybe a little bit greenish , depending on the type of oil used ) , if it is white throw it away . 
  i see m\u00e9lissa theuriau in there . 
  she is not a spaniard girl ... now , excuse me , but i have news to watch . 
  i like to be an informed member of society . 
  l'auberge espagnole is totally right . 
  `` un franc\u00e8s '' is a blowjob , `` un griego '' is anal and `` una cubana '' is a titfuck . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  singaporean 2 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 3 . 
  welsh ( uk ) our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  polish 2 . 
  finnish 3 . 
  portuguese i do n't even know how that happened . 
  i can understand the portuguese guess , but polish or finnish ? 
  and all the whores will not fuck themselves . 
  and all the cocaine will not snort itself . 
  it is so much what this world has to offer ... 
  who ruled over the catalans from 985 to 1162 ? 
  a clue , not charlemagne . 
  neither aragon . 
  awful country ? 
  the second day that i was living there , i was invited to play poker to someone house on friday . 
  i was invited to have diner in another house , aperos , randonn\u00e9es , ... etc. 
  like i was someone they have known for all their lives , people opened the doors of their houses and treated me in an impeccable manner . 
  maybe , you are the problem and not them . 
  like interlingua : http://ia.wikipedia.org/wiki/interlingua never studied it and i can understand everything perfectly . 
  and yet their bus drivers drive like maniacs that want to kill themselves and all the people inside the bus . 
  doesn \u00b4 t matter if there is snow , ice or wind that could take a person like a breeze takes a kite . 
  they drive like there is no tomorrow . 
  the heating is amazing , though . 
  castilian is native from a part of spain called castile . 
  someone started to call it spanish , which like calling english `` unitedkingdomish '' . 
  which explains the amount of cars with swiss plates in haute-savoie . 
  swiss salary , french prices . 
  living the dream . 
  in spain there are millions who have catalan , basque and galician as their mother tongue . 
  so , they have castilian * as their second language . 
  in addition to that , the immigrants .
