  taking into account that the vikings raided seville ( which is 40km from the sea ) and other big cities/towns of the mediterranean coast ... 
  they could be expecting them . 
  it 's a reference to pandemic 2 . 
  a flash game where the player has the mission of infecting and killing everyone . 
  does it seem easy ? 
  it is not , check the comic to know why . 
  clue : madagascar is almost '' `` uninfectable '' '' . 
  it 's better than no french at all and you show effort to be understood . 
  that 's fine and good enough . 
  if you try to speak english in france , you will find people who speaks it and people who do n't . 
  there are people who studied german or spanish , besides french . 
  it was their decision , and it 's totally respectable . 
  they cause no harm to no one . 
  tip : if you start with ` je ne parle pas fran\u00e7ais . 
  instead of jumping directly to english , you will have a higher percentage of success . 
  add a s ` il vous pla\u00eet and a few mercis and people would do whatever to help you . 
  they deserve more than luck . 
  i saw an interview with one of the worker 's spokesperson . 
  what he told was outrageous , two salary reductions in the last 2 years . 
  the last salary reduction was of 40 % !, 
  and the city council wants to cut their salaries again ... stay strong , guys !, 
  i do n't know in france ( i 've not lived there enough ) , but in spain the guy would be put in prison in a heartbeat if the parents of the 16 years old person say a word . 
  less than 18 means untouchable . 
  even though the age of consent is 13 , that 's only the age of consent if , and only if , all the people involved are under 18 . 
  it 's pretty inaccurate . 
  maials is not as close to the river . 
  it 's actually half way from flix to lleida . 
  it would be a miracle if someone used this and s/he did n't get lost . 
  that was copied afterwards in other cities , for instance barcelona . 
  they will give it back after listening how german sounds with ch ` ti accent . 
  `` it 's worse than a swiss speaking with a potato in his mouth '' a commander reported . 
  as a ` putain d' \u00e9tranger ' , i have to say that people has always been very happy of listening me trying to speak french . 
  and everyone has always done everything possible to achieve a successful communication . 
  the only time i had problems was my first day . 
  it was my fault , the nerves ... 
  regarding the llama incident , please do n't lose the opportunity of watching the [ parody ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-uktguzlei ) of this [ song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oikj0z_xnjc ), 
  gato and geranio sound the same to you ? 
  in spain , there 's not a problem teaching english . 
  there is a problem teaching languages . 
  follow me just for a second . 
  how many times did you heard : `` spanish is written like it 's spoken '' ? 
  that 's the biggest lie a teacher has ever told . 
  a person ca n't tell me that `` el espanol se escribe como se habla '' and just a second after start explaining the rules to know when to write g/j , v/b , etc. 
  that 's orwelian doubleplusthink right there . 
  and that 's the reason spaniards do , generally , poorly in foreign languages . 
  they were n't taught right the first one , how on earth are they going to learn a second . 
  catalans * do * learn english and optionally german or french . 
  most people choose french and forget all of it the very instant they walk out of school . 
  it 's medieval catalan with a weird accent , so it 's easy to recover it later on . 
  catalan children perform better than spanish children when looking at the statistics on english written comprehension and oral expression ( it was on the news before summer , look for it on google ) . 
  you do n't even know the definition of dialect , do you ? 
  catalan is a language . 
  it 's not a spanish dialect . 
  as a proof , give this short sentence to a spanish speaker and try to get the meaning of it : `` no m ` hi cap al cap '' . 
  ps : good luck with google translate , that will be fun . 
  catalonia is not spain . 
  gaud\u00ed is a catalan architec and barcelona is the capital of catalonia . 
  in 2008 , there were more than 2 million british citizens living in spain . 
  germans like to live in the balearic islands , and a few other places . 
  british people on the other hand ... you can find schools where english in the playground is as normal as spanish . 
   some people say it has islandic influence , but there is n't any actual study , i think . 
  from the top of my head . 
  the biggest similitude is the word for or : e\u00f0a in islandic edo in euskara that could have happened by coincidence . 
  business as usual . 
  who has killed more europeans ? 
  other europeans . 
  indeed , but if we are spending 2 $ ... why not a third euro and get something from the terra alta or from the frontier between the priorat and the garrigues . 
  pro-tip : if you visit la figuera , they sell your wine by the litre ( `` a granel '' ) . 
  same grapes and soil of the do priorat , 1/3 the price . 
  for all that 's good on this world , stay away from don simon !, 
  there are really cheap wines better than don simon . 
  they might lack good distribution , though . 
  chilean wines made from xarello or cabernet , a thousand times better than don simon and only 1 euro more expensive . 
  spent the euro , it 's worth it . 
  and yet there are mothefuckers who call them lazy ... 
  the houses must have appereared out of thin air , instead of people 's work . 
  the fine for speaking catalan on the phone during franco 's dictatorship was 25 pesetas . 
  people was beaten by the police for ` barking in polish ' . 
  and children were punished because they played and spoke catslan . 
  there is a book titled ` l'intent franquista de genocidi cultural a catalunya ' , you should read it . 
  and speak with old people , all of them tell horrific stories . 
  there was an afternoon program dedicated to musics of the world , it was the greatest piece of entertainment in the dial . 
  `` today , metallic percussion from the polynesia '' , mindblowing . 
  some moron fired the guy who did this program ... 
  if i find the responsible , i 'll have a couple of * nice words * with him/her . 
   bicycle can be a lifestyle and/or health choice . 
  or , simply a more rational transport choice . 
  given the size of the city , the orography and characteristics of most city centres ( where it 's almost a miracle to find a parking spot ) , ... the bicycle is the only rational option , besides the bus and/or metro . 
  a car in barcelona , paris , amsterdam , ... would be a pain in the arse . 
  am i the only one who doubts that there are enough people working for the nsa to keep an eye on everyone ? 
  how many americans work there ? 
  even if all of them worked for the nsa , they are n't enough to supervise the amount of false results that automatic machines could give !, 
  afterwards , we have the problem of translating millions of sms and e-mails ... have you seen how people write ? 
  you can get an aneurysm trying to figure out what they are saying . 
  you want me to believe that a machine is better than me translating from sms language to normal speech , and then performing an accurate translation ? 
  no one has enough people and enough computing power to spy on the whole world . 
  the nsa is ** bluffing ** . 
  if i 'm wrong send me proof , you already know where , ok ? 
  they do n't lie or exaggerate on their labels . 
  if something wears an attention sign and a `` spicy .
