  maybe we could do also a referendum on that . 
  personally , i like more the kind of deals that switzerland and norway have . 
  i do n't trust the concentration of power in brussels . 
  excellent , have a nice day !, 
  the spelling is exactly the same , what is different is the pronunciation . 
  regarding the open vowels , they do n't exist in spanish . 
  all spanish vowels are closed ones . 
  do the portuguese close the vowels even more ? 
  i do n't think so , the portuguese vocal repertoire is exactly the same than the catalan . 
  you drop sounds , merge some depending on the diphthong , neutralise vowels depending on the type of syllabe ( o pronounced u , for instance ) etc. 
  that does n't make your vowels closer !, 
  do you know that there are two spains and one of them will freeze your heart ? 
  congrats , you 're from the good one . 
  be careful with `` the others '' , they are up to no good . 
  that will not be ok because nobody would believe you . 
  `` action speaks louder than words '' as the english say . 
  you should just accept the reality , spain has been incapable of assimilating catalonia and we do n't want to be assimilitated ( `` espanolizados '' as wert declared ) . 
  why in the fucking hell should we stay together ? 
  you do n't like how we are , and we are not going to change . 
  the mature thing to do , is split and do each one our separate path . 
  there is no need to be angry , we tried , has n't worked , bye . 
  as easy as that . 
  ehem , ehem ... do you remember the reassessment of type of lands and posterior selling that allowed real madrid to pay for figo , beckham , zidane ... ? 
  do you really believe that the people in the council did not receive a `` thank you '' envelope ? 
  and who can forget the box of honour of the santiago bernabeu stadium ? 
  it 's always full of politicians , floren treats them always well . 
  at least they 'd had the decency of not blaming on the interns . 
  why is the spanish girl having a liver failure ? 
   anyway , i would have to say that the strongest sentiment is helplessness . 
  it seems we have accepted that everything is going to get even worse and nothing can be done at all . 
  that 's a feeling supported by history . 
  there are only three ends for people who have tried to change the country : brutal repression , bullet in the head or forced emigration/exile ( if they were `` lucky '' ) . 
  the people left in the country are descendants of the repressors or people who stoically supported it . 
  the ones who could had fought for the country to improve parted away decades ago . 
  with this taken into account , it 's no wonder that people feel hopeless and helpless . 
  leave now that you can . 
  maybe when the country becomes empty and `` la casta '' have no one to rule over , they will realise what they have done . 
  do n't keep any hope though , and do n't wait on your foot . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  [ the catalan national anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfv993yefvu&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player ) for reference . 
  i like more the old popular tune than the new `` more orchestral '' one . 
  short answer : no . 
  the satellite control system would need a `` bi-directional channel '' with an insane amount of band width ( the number of cars is very high ) . 
  satellite band width is very expensive , so better use it for something profitable , like football or nba play-offs . 
  that 's just one of the problems , the little one . 
  the biggest problem is how you keep a bi-directional antenna in a car permanently perfectly oriented to a satellite in orbit . 
  that 's not a trivial problem to solve , and the resulting system would be too delicate . 
  the other system is extremely exposed to vandalism and easy to hijack . 
  i 'm a bit late ... from the spanish wikipedia article that already quoted ajaume , `` spain is one of the countries with the largest british population outside the isles '' . 
  the data is from 2006 , though . 
  according to the most recent numbers i 'm aware of ( 2011 ) , there were around 800k britons living in spain registered . 
  the estimations taking into account the unregistered ones put the number around a million . 
  [ `` source '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/acxb7wz.jpg ) note : getting registered as resident is important because the local government use the numbers to dimentionate the services . 
  if you are not registered do n't complain about the lack of doctors , schools , ... 
  you should n't admit publicly that you lied before signing a contract . 
  they could come after you and make the contract void . 
  now , it 's something banal but someday could be something serious . 
  do n't make the mistake of reading the comments of the article . 
  ignorance by the shit-ton . 
  of course , i do n't mean you personally . 
  english 2nd person pronouns are a mess ... 
  oh , yes . 
  it 's not like doing the same again and again expecting different results is stupid . 
  it looks like you are and you will let that happen . 
  the only ones that seem to care are norwegians , they 've been `` sponsoring '' families with children at least since two years ago . 
  that should work as an advertisement for others . 
  if your government says : `` we are going to unregulate the price of the land , so the housing prices fall '' , kick them out . 
  aaah , it could be that they were n't on vacation like the normal people but on a `` business trip '' that did n't go well . 
  that makes more sense . 
  apparently a bunch of people from marseille decided that it was a good idea to fight each other in salou . 
  17 arrested , 10 people in the hospital ( one with a cut on his throat ) , 2 polices officers run over by a car trying to scape ... like in a film , but in real life . 
  the `` tourists '' are crazy . 
  that has been the inspiration for the catalan way . 
  i hope it will work for us as well as it did for them . 
  after months of latvian jokes everywhere , the potato jokes are not funny any more . 
  you sure ? 
  `` three men are in ship . 
  one latvian , one russian , one lithuanian . 
  lithuanian take out one bottle wodka . 
  russian kill lithuanian , then drink wodka . 
  then latvian wait until russian drink self to sleep , then kill . 
  is end . '', 
  `` man is hungry . 
  he steal bread to feed family . 
  get home , find all family have sent siberia !, 
  `` more bread for me , '' man think . 
  but bread have worm . '', 
  can you tell a joke about alentejanos ? 
  i want to compare it to jokes about people from lepe . 
  `` why people from lepe watch the tv upside down ? 
  so , they can see the knickers of the weather lady '' . 
   beware of the nude photos of our duchess of alba i had the intention of sleeping tonight , not any more . 
  the candidates are n't inbred enough !!, 
  harry should impregnate his grandma . 
  their half-retarded offspring might be suitable candidates to marry the sister of the prince felipe . 
  she is a very * special * woman . 
   yet scorn american 's government actions ftfy . 
  [ they do indeed help to sell cookies ] ( http://i.imgur.com/smbx1s9.jpg ) . 
  maybe my bit is his ' a lot ' . 
  anyway , everybody rubs their own garlic on their own toasts .
