i 'd rather burn than live under the boot of scumbags . 
  well on that we certainly differ . 
  i 'd certainly revolt against an aggressor and they could sign me up for the front line , but i don ; t think we 'd have the right to potentially destroy the planet in order to retaliate against an aggressor . 
   every non-western country that has nukes is a poophole so ... you do need them . 
  this we 'll also have to disagree on . 
  i do n't think they are all bad and i doubt many would care about our deterrent if they really want to use them . 
   i agree that having a way to stop nukes instead would be preferable . 
  glad there 's one thing we can agree on though :d i think corbyn would prefer the same . 
   he wants to scrap the uk 's nukes ; sounds good . 
  i do n't particularly want a weapon that can only be used to destroy our ability to exist on our planet either . 
   he refuses to sing the anthem so do i. i think our royal family are a complete waste of time . 
  that said he only refused to on one occasion and sang it since . 
   he would not help a country invaded by an aggressor -- even a country part of the same alliance as his that 's not what he said , he simply did n't say he would automatically launch military action . 
  without context of the attack i 'm certain no leader would simply launch military action without question . 
   i think nukes are a blessing why ? 
  they are weapons we ca n't use without seriously risking the integrity of our planet and holding on to them guarantees other powers will continue to hold them . 
  i 'd much rather see us putting more effort into defense technology that stop nuclear weapons if they are launched . 
  this is the main thing , if they booked it out they can do what they want . 
  why do you think you would n't be able to hire out a warterpark for a day and put whatever rules for entry on it you want ? 
  do you get this freaked out when there are black tie events because they wo n't let you in in a tshirt and jeans ? 
   if i had a quid for every time i heard `` but we 've not left yet '' from remoaners . 
  i know right ? 
  people stating facts at you and stuff . 
  the reality is we have n't actually left , that 's an actual tangible fact , while the goal of the 350m on the bus was to give the impression that a non-existent 350m could actually be used for the nhs which is a complete fabrication . 
   you 'll find it has been around its current level for quite a deal of that 10 years . 
  depends on the metric you 're looking at . 
  there 's been time when we 've had to pay in significant sums to keep it up . 
   we 're placed fifth in the world . 
  that means there are over 170 economies smaller than ours . 
  which continues to be completely irrelevant when it comes to negotiating with the eu , and mostly irrelevant when it comes to negotiating with the types of countries we ne  ed to get on board with . 
   he never did , he always refuted the claim and technically the message on the bus never said they would either , it merely said `` lets fund the nhs instead '' . 
  lol , fuck off with the backpeddling bro . 
  there 's a typical brexit voter for you lol . 
   well that is what it was and is it any worse than the shite remoaners spout ? 
  it 's a buzzword used by the leave campaign to give stupid people a reason to ignore facts . 
  if you want to highlight your ignorance feel free , i 'm just letting you know that if you want to be taken seriously , throwing `` project fear '' and `` remoaners '' about does n't get you anywhere . 
   no , it was a thing applied to claims made that were so outrageous it was beyond belief . 
  it was applied to everything `` experts '' said , because a bunch of people sitting in the pub spending their dole money know so much better than people that have worked in these sectors their whole lives . 
  that 's why the guys on the dole are so well rewarded from their investments . 
  oh wait ...  so you 'll be able to tell me what was claimed that has come to pass then . 
  there were plenty of claims of doom and gloom from the remain camp sold as project fear so you 'll be able to list say , five things that have happened . 
  that would involve me digging around for specific claims which i 'm not going to do for some random idiot on reddit . 
  i 'll point out that our currency has been nuked , our government is borrowing more , spending less and abandoning any idea of recovering from our deficit soon , farmers are already worried about the incredible lack of workers to the point there 's a fear we 'll be leaving produce to rot in fields , and alongside the already significant increases to import costs ( some of which have been passed on to consumers ) we 're looking at living cost rises next year . 
  and we have n't even left yet which is when most of the negative side effects were predicted to be seen ( and before you bang on about `` immediately '' , that 's when a50 was supposedly going to be triggered ) . 
  to be quite honest though if you 're just going to bang on about `` project fear '' and `` remoaners '' i may as well just say i have no interest in continuing a conversation with an old racist . 
   actually it is . 
  the economy is more than just the gbp : usd or gbp : eur . 
  indeed , but it 's more than just holding value for 5 minutes too . 
  a light sneeze from anyone regarding brexit makes it bounce about . 
  i 'd certainly not be gambling on it right now . 
   all those who predicted a recession now no longer say there will be one . 
  yup , probably . 
  mainly because a recession was incredibly likely if our government had shot off filing a50 without a plan . 
  they did n't so they may have a avoided that . 
   looking at the individual gdps of eu nations , ordering the list of least to most and stopping adding up when the total came to the equivalent of the uk 's gdp . 
  the total gdp of 19 countries was the number needed . 
  ok so an irrelevant statistic . 
  what you should have said was `` small economies exist '' and that 's effectively saying the same thing . 
   you may want to look at the list . 
  it does n't just include former eastern european countries . 
  when did i say it did ? 
  i simply said they trade as a block thus the fact that there are also small economies in the eu is n't particularly relevant . 
   no , i actually mean those who were peddling the project fear line predicting a recession as well . 
  every single one of them has now said there will be no recession . 
  and again that 's because circumstances change . 
  i note that boris johnson is n't claiming that we 'll be chucking 350m into the nhs anymore either . 
  i 'll even be nice and pretend that was n't complete bullshit to begin with . 
  just as a side note , you know that when you say `` project fear '' it just makes you look stupid right ? 
  since that was effectively a name for anyone that did n't say `` we 'll be great after voting brexit '' , and without even leaving we 're worse off . 
  `` project fear '' is already more right than anything said by the leave campaign . 
  you mean the a50 that was stated throughout the referendum as to occur `` straight away '' following the vote ? 
  maybe your definition of `` straight away '' differs from everyone else 's . 
   no it was n't . 
  the predicted loss was actually announced the day after the result of the vote to leave and before there was any announcement of when a50 would be triggered . 
  throughout the campaign the triggering of a50 was said to be coming `` straight away '' following a leave vote . 
  that 's what the loss prediction was based on . 
  you 're effectively going `` herp derp it has n't all happened yet therefore loss of growth is good ! '' . 
  honestly i 've seen you trying to spin everything so hard , i 'm surprised you 're not dizzy by now . 
   and in that one paragraph you 've just confirmed that you 're just another leftie who does n't actually know wtf you 're talking about , pretty much par for the course for remoaners . 
  all i 've confirmed is that you 're a pillock . 
  you 're so sure that everyone in the world shares your overly patriotic view of our country , but the reality is that we 're not as significant as you and the sun make out . 
  you 're totally happy to completely ignore facts and to treat bad news as good news so you can feel like you 've made the right choice . 
  it 's just a shame that wishful thinking does n't fix the divisions in and around our country or increase the now heavily reduced prospects of our countries future . 
   no , because we 're a g7 country , fifth richest nation in the world with a stable economy that is one of the faster growing ones . 
  our economy is n't particularly stable anymore , and we were faster growing in the eu . 
  it 's far from certain we 'll maintain that outside of the eu . 
  again though , it 's irrelevant . 
  how do you not get it ? 
  other countries care about themselves more than they care about us . 
  just because you like britain does n't mean that every other country suddenly wants to make a deal that is shitty for them and great for us . 
  they will all want to get the absolute most out of us . 
  and as you say , we were a large stable and growing economy , we need them so we can keep that more than they need us . 
   our gdp is more than 2/3 of the eu countries combined where the hell did you get that statistic from ? 
  that statistic would mean that if we assumed all countries other than us and one other to have a gdp of 0 ( obviously ridiculous ) , the other eu country would be half our size . 
  considering germany alone have a higher gdp than us , that seems unlikely . 
  we are at most around 15 % of the total eu gdp . 
  unless what you mean is that the bottom eu countries combined have a lower gdp than us , which i 'd say was potentially possible , but an irrelevant statistic since they trade as a block . 
   nobody who has produced any serious figures have shown that . 
  by which you mean `` nobody i believe has shown that '' . 
  our currency is already devalued and we 're propping up our economy which at one point got bad enough that buying gilts at a negative interest rate was a reasonable option .
