  on top of which government borrowing already planned to increase significantly . 
  at this point it 's difficult for anyone to predict since noone actually knows what the government is planning . 
  when the original predictions were made the understanding would be we would leave immediately and begin negotiations . 
  now we 're not even sure we can leave any time soon and can see that the idea that we 'll be leaving the single market is unlikely . 
   however they 're still rising compared to a predicted loss of up to 70,000 . 
  again though , that predicted loss was based on the assumption we would leave immediately . 
  it 's no surprise that it 's not hit as hard as expected with the leave process being delayed at least 9 months . 
  pretending that job growth rate significantly dropping is a good thing is outright delusion though . 
   apple , google and microsoft are here for the talent . 
  hahahahaha . 
  they are here because it 's relatively cheap and there 's a customer base , not toe mention that they basically do n't have to pay tax . 
   nissan is staying partly due to the fact that the sunderland plant is one of the best producing ones in their entire company . 
  it 's more likely they are staying for the time being because free access to the single market is by no means lost yet and that exports from here will be beneficial if our currency continues to tank , while once again , labour will be cheap . 
  sunderland being a top producing plant has nothing to do with it 's location . 
  do you honestly think they 'd be unable to achieve the same level of production anywhere else ? 
  what aspect of british people is it that makes us inherently better at it ? 
   yeah your right we do n't really have illegals here because any one who wants to enter can . 
  that 's my main problem with the eu . 
  not quite anyone , but sure . 
  anyone can come here and contribute to our countries finances , great eh ? 
   that 's why i support a visa system . 
  that way people who put in more than they take can freely come to our nation whilst those that do n't can leave . 
  except the vast majority already do . 
  all a visa system does is ensure that better paying jobs are taken by foreigners while lower wage jobs are done by british people who do n't need a visa , and exclude anyone currently living in a poor country from having a shot at working to improve their lives here . 
  just fyi , it 's not really `` illegals '' that are `` stealing our money '' , it 's legal immigrants that can get welfare . 
  and they on average put more in than they take out . 
   they had absolutely no pride in the country there 's a difference between `` no pride '' and `` realistic expectations '' . 
  a lot of you brexit guys seem to have this notion that we 're insanely relevant and countries will be falling over themselves to give us what we want at their own detriment , just because we 're the uk . 
  it 's just not realistic . 
  they 'll all care much more about their own countries than they care about ours and there 's really very little we can offer that they ca n't get elsewhere . 
  we 're going to nuke our own economy and give up a say in the largest trading block in the world . 
  that in and of itself ensures we ca n't get a better deal . 
  we might get a deal that has different priorities that we ( or at least you ) prefer , such as reduced immigration , but that will be at a cost elsewhere . 
  city jobs are rising at a significantly lower rate than expected . 
  we were also told we 'd leave the eu `` straight away '' which is likely why the impact is spread . 
  sure , some companies are claiming they will invest , mainly big international companies who will benefit from our weakened currency . 
  they 'll use us for the same reason we outsource call centres to india . 
  it 's cheap . 
  you could not be more incorrect . 
  i imagine you live in an area with high costs ( such as nearer to london ) and do n't realise that a national average includes other areas . 
  not very , i 'm middle class . 
  i 'm confused as to why you 're holy shitting over this ... 
   heh , i 'm sure there 's certain things that will be up and down on each side , the us certainly with on apple devices . 
  yeah i do n't remember . 
  it 's a rough figure i remember from when i was looking at it . 
  i would have just been searching around for `` average living costs in x '' . 
  do you mean the average living cost difference or the prices without tax ? 
  seeing that you have and us flag i 'll assume you know about the latter . 
  not sure where i saw the living cost differences , just rattling around in my head somewhere from where i 've looked at prices of living in dfferent countries i 'd considered living in . 
  it 's highly dependent on where you are living in the uk too , that 's why they are averages . 
  afaik , the us average living cost is like 7 grand higher than the uk . 
  things just look cheap over there because they state a lot of their prices without tax . 
  actually i tend to frequent ukpolitics but no , i 'm not talking like that at all . 
  what i 'm saying is that as part of the eu we already had everything we had plus stuff that the eu had , and so we will be going into the negotiations with less and anything we give will be coming from us rather than being able to spread the burden across the single market . 
  unless the countries we are doing business with have absolutely no faith in themselves they are going to push for more and while we do n't have to `` suck up to everyone '' we are undoubtedly going to have to make some concessions here and there . 
  unfortunately for us we will also be on a clock , while those other countries likely wo n't . 
   we have the top financial centre in the world , on top of some of the best universities and research institutions . 
  we 're right at the top with regards to innovation and technology , on top of our arms manufacturing which is world class ... you really have no idea of our strength do you . 
  i 'm well aware but again , we already had that when trading through the eu we just also had that we were a leading country in the largest single market . 
  leaving is n't gaining us any extra universities and it 's likely to make it harder for us to be the top financial centre in the world , so we will be negotiating from a weaker position than before and thus are likely to get less and pay more . 
  why when someone suggests that we wo n't be as strong alone as were were in a group do people like yourself seem to think we 're saying `` we 're no better than dirt !, 
  i doubt they will though because you 're assuming all of those other countries have no faith in their own ability to negotiate or no ambition to improve the terms in their favour . 
  i 'm not comparing it to slavery i was simply aiming to find something you would be against with minimal effort so that i could reasonably explain why i 'm not going to abandon my beliefs because a bunch of old people disagree with them . 
   what do you think we should do then ? 
  ignore the majority of people who voted for brexit ? 
  what is your solution to this that appeases both sides ? 
  well personally i think the current will of the people should be tested before proceeding past the point of no return , so i 'd start with a fresh referendum . 
  ideally that will either return no mandate or a much stronger mandate to leave . 
  wit ha much stronger mandate i 'd accept proceeding with leaving on the current path . 
  with the current mandate of an incredibly slim majority i 'd expect us to remain in the single market or at the very least the customs union and i would not expect us to leave things like euratom . 
  there 's no way most countries are just going to be happy to effectively rubber stamp the same deals . 
  they are all going to see it as an opportunity to push for more since they 'll be a bigger party relative to us than the were when negotiating with the eu . 
  they 'd be mugs not to look to improve the deal in their favour . 
  i do n't doubt we have opportunities but i do doubt they are new opportunities or that they 'll be better . 
  for all the complaining about how we could n't do our own trade deals there really were n't many countries we were looking to trade with that we did n't anyway . 
  the one i fear the most is the us because the type of trade they are going to want to do i 'm really not interested in us having . 
  it takes a monumental amount of time even alone , and we are far more likely to have to make concessions which if we ca n't accept will drag the negotiations further . 
  and remember we 'll be starting from nothing , so all the deal we currently have through the eu will have to be renegotiated . 
  it could take easily a decade to get those back even in weaker forms . 
   however it looks like we are leaving the eu so the only thing to do is get fully behind it and make it a huge success . 
  on this we 're going to have to disagree . 
  if we as a country suddenly decided we should have slave labour or something clearly abhorrent like that would you say `` well it looks like we 're having it so we should get fully behind it '' ? 
  i doubt you would . 
  leaving the eu is fundamentally against my beliefs of what is best for this country so i will not get behind it . 
  i do not and will not ever change my views to fit what the majority - especially such a slim majority which is weighted in favour of older voters - want . 
  i believe that even at our best we will be permanently worse off , and i wo n't support us being worse off . 
  i want the best for the uk and i believe that is remaining in the single market . 
  i have faith in my country just not an unreasonable level of it . 
  i 'm sure we wo n't collapse but i doubt we 'll be stronger than we would have been . 
  we currently have trade with the eu and over 50 other trade deals through the eu negotatied as an absolutely enormous trading block . 
  how long do you expect it to take for us to be able to negotiate the same quantity and quality of deals and how do you propose we do that as a much smaller party without concessions . 
  this is basic logic , if you bring less to the negotiating table you 'll get a worse deal . 
  that 's not a reflection on our ability as a country that 's a simple reality of negotiation strength . 
  that said if we did want to talk about the negotiation skill of our country , our current government is struggling to negotiate itself into power and the guy running our brexit negotiations took less than a day o concede on what he stated would be the row of the summer . 
  it does n't look like i should even have the level of faith i do have . 
  i do but i do n't think we will be able to do it in anything resembling the near future because they take a long time to do ( unless you just concede on everything ) and i think that entering into a trade deal alone will be unlikely to deliver the benefits of doing a deal as an enormous single market . 
  it 's not that i have no faith in our country i just do n't have an overly arrogant view of our position in the world that many brexiters seem to have . 
  when you say `` recover '' though , there 's the idea that it will recover to good enough and there 's the idea that it will recover to the point that it 's better than we would have been . 
  as it stands neither looks promising . 
   scotland only exports 16 % to the eu what about through trade deals held through the eu , since those will also go ?
