  i do n't think its changed hands as many times as alsace-lorraine though . 
  incredible how whenever a telegraph article is posted one of the top comments is always an attack on the source rather than the content yet pro-eu articles are almost always accepted without question . 
  a quick google search will give you multiple sources confirming that the vote will be a secret ballot . 
  the most common answer to criticism about the eu 's ` democratic deficit ' is that we need to give more power to the european parliament but as you say if meps can simply pass all unpopular decisions by secret ballot then how can we hold them accountable to act in our interests ? 
  if the eu is ever to have real democratic legitimacy then it needs some real reform not just more of the same . 
  so the ep honestly published statistics comparing the working conditions of eu and uk civil servants including the ` top salary ' but not the ` average salary ' ? 
  could it be any more blatant that they 're only showing the statistics that suit their narrative that eu civil servants have it worse off and withholding stats that run counter to it ? 
  according to http://www.civilservant.org.uk/pay.shtml the average salary for a uk civil servant was # 22,100 in 2009 and due to public sector pay freezes i should imagine its about the same now . 
  according to the op article the average eu civil servant salary is # 67,693 ( not including the benefits mentioned in the article ) so the ep must have a real sense of humour to claim eu civil servants have it worse off . 
  according to wikipedia the [ uk employs about 500,000 civil servants ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/her_majesty's_civil_service ) and the [ eu about 32,000 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_civil_service#staff ) , presumably the op article is talking about civil servants employed by the eu rather than civil servants employed by any of the eu 27 . 
  over 10 % of the eu 's civil servants earning more than $ 195,000 sounds kind of unbelievable though so perhaps some of the numbers are off . 
  yeah perhaps i should have mentioned that cameron ` only ' makes # 140,000 so its probably significantly more than 4000 eu civil servants earning more than him . 
  that 's true , but significantly fewer than the number of eu civil servants that do . 
  according to the bbc there were about 230 uk civil servants earning more than # 150,000 last year compared to `` more than 4000 '' eu civil servants earning more than merkel 's salary of # 167,000 ( $ 195,300 ) . 
  in the uk we 'd generally call that a spoilt vote . 
  til, 
  i think that if the couple believe in witches and believe that beating their daughter unconscious and making her drink cleaning fluid mixed with urine is an appropriate solution then that is most likely indicative of a larger cultural and educational problem . 
  i find it pretty hard to believe that the accused were otherwise sensible , well adjusted people . 
  everything you said is correct and of course hats off to the swedish social services for taking the girl into care before more harm could be inflicted on her but cases like this beg the question of why such people with such beliefs are being let into sweden . 
  of course this problem is not specific to sweden , as someone pointed out in this thread there was a very [ similar case in the uk ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/9117340/sister-guilty-of-witchcraft-torture-murder.html ) last year that ended in tragedy but such beliefs are harmful to society as a whole as well and perhaps next time the victim will not be someone who would otherwise have been worse off . 
  is this because the private company is doing it less efficiently or because when it was state owned it was heavily subsidised ? 
  i 'm in favour of euthanasia but the issue is n't as simple as people often make out . 
  the bbc has a pretty good summary of the anti-euthanasia arguements [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/ethics/euthanasia/against/against_1.shtml ) and although some of them are n't very compelling ( e.g. 
  `` its against the will of god '' ) it also has some valid points such as that the diagnosis might be wrong or that the patient may feel pressured into it for some reason . 
  because who could boost the eu 's image better than the prince of darkness ? 
   in my opinion most brits know that they would benefit from it but there is an unhealthy pride left from the colonial days that makes them hesitate . 
  this is said a lot but the empire is rarely ever brought up by british people in discussions about the eu , rather its europeans who constantly harp on about how they 'll be part of a superpower bigger and better than the us . 
  it seems to me that its not us who are the ones with delusions of grandeur and rather than the problem being that we are too proud to be british the problem is that too many europeans ca n't find pride in their own countries and so they take pride in europe . 
  of course it will end , just like barroso says . 
  just like it ended last year when he said it would . 
  and the year before that . 
   i would label them as being neither anti-capitalist nor pro-capitalist . 
  i think you would have to agree that they were ideologically anti-capitalist even if much of that did n't filter through to government policy . 
   i 'm not sure that http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?moduleid=10005479[2] is a reliable source yes you could well be right , i imagine the us holocaust museum has a vested interest in trying to make the nazis look as bad as possible but wikipedia 's use of the word `` later '' suggests that blacks might have only been allowed to join the wehrmacht when germany started to run low on manpower . 
  the wikipedia article also backs up the ushmm 's claim that blacks were subject to forced steralisation and human experimentation amongst other things . 
  [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazism] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazism )  hitler , both in public and in private , expressed strong disdain for capitalism , accusing modern capitalism of holding nations ransom in the interests of a parasitic cosmopolitan rentier class . 
  he opposed free-market capitalism 's profit-seeking impulses and desired an economy in which community interests would be upheld . 
  he distrusted capitalism for being unreliable , due to its egotistic nature , and he preferred a state-directed economy that is subordinated to the interests of the volk . 
   hitler took a pragmatic position between the conservative and radical factions of the nazi party , in that he accepted private property and allowed capitalist private enterprises to exist as long as they adhered to the goals of the nazi state . 
  however , if a capitalist private enterprise resisted nazi goals , he sought to destroy it . 
  just because the nazis did not go as far as to nationalise all industry does n't mean that they were n't anti-capitalist , rather it seems private enterprise was tolerated out of pragmatism since , as you said , the most important thing was to keep production going . 
  http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?moduleid=10005479  the fate of black people from 1933 to 1945 in nazi germany and in german-occupied territories ranged from isolation to persecution , sterilization , medical experimentation , incarceration , brutality , and murder . 
  however , there was no systematic program for their elimination as there was for jews and other groups . 
  ok you 've got me that there was no systematic elimination of blacks in nazi germany and while they quite possibly had more rights in theory than black americans i imagine in practise they ( probably ) faced worse persecution . 
   i seriously think they are akin to a modern nazi movement . 
  you 're delusional if you seriously think this . 
  their economic policies are right wing for sure but they 're still probably to the left of the us democratic party ( the nazis of course were anti-capitalist and are usually considered economically centrist ) and their social policies are nothing even close to nazism . 
  unless of course you believe that being in favour of civil partnerships but not gay marriage is equivalent to rounding up gays and exterminating them or that restricting immigration is the same as murdering all non-whites . 
  britain is for , france and germany are against . 
  money . 
  i was particularly confused about the first line . 
   david cameron 's `` crazy '' plan to repatriate powers from brussels will allow paedophiles and criminals to run free it seems to imply that we are/should be hunting paedophiles regardless of whether they have committed any crimes . 
  they really are a modern version of the bogeyman , except used to scare adults and influence government policy , and it just starts to sound ridiculous after a while . 
  also i believe one of the major objections was that it was designed to be used to fight serious crimes like terrorism , organised crime syndicates etc. 
  and ended up being used for any minor offence . 
  i remember reading a while back about a brit who was extradited to spain for , if i recall correctly , a traffic violation and ended up sitting in a spanish jail for 6 months because the justice system there was so backed up and he could n't get bail . 
  europe is n't becoming centralised to prevent war though even if that was the aim of the european coal and steel community . 
  the idea behind the ecsc was to create economic interdependence through free trade which has clearly worked perfectly but political union is something else entirely and i think potentially will only increase disharmony as different interests clash ( see : yugoslavia , not that i think the eu will end in war of course ) . 
   european countries do n't have the size or resources to compete and innovate individually anymore . 
  i do n't think that size is necessary for innovation although clearly an empire that gives you access to resources is a plus . 
  for example if you look at the [ global innovation index ( pdf ) ] ( http://www.globalinnovationindex.org/gii/main/fullreport/files/global%20innovation%20index%202012.pdf ) you see its dominated by small countries , of the 20 largest countries in the world only the usa is in the top 10 behind tiny countries like ireland , hong kong and singapore . 
  also while projects like space exploration might be too much for an individual european country to pursue on a large scale its not like the european space agency is dependant on the eu or eurozone ; countries can cooperate without having to merge . 
   well humanity can not advance while there is internal conflict . 
  what exactly is this based on ? 
  if anything i think its the exact opposite . 
  like they say `` necessity is the mother of invention '' i think that one of the main reasons that europe came to dominate the world was because their was so much competition between the countries of europe and that forced those countries to innovate scientifically , militarily , politically etc. 
  its generally accepted that competition is the main driver of innovation and improvement in a free market and i believe that government policy should also be subject to competition . 
  in our current nation-state system governments pursue different ideas and adopt different policies . 
  those that work well ( e.g. 
  democracy , capitalism , liberalism ) become more widely adopted and those that do n't ( e.g. 
  theocracy , feudalism , central planning ) get slowly replaced and i think that as europe becomes more centralised/federalised it will become more stagnant . 
   iirc we abolished it in the uk in 1803 and in the rest of the empire in 1833 . 
  not quite . 
  technically slavery was never legal in the uk although that 's not to say that no slaves were kept . 
  you 're thinking of the slave trade act 1807 which abolished the trading of slaves but which did not free those who were already slaves . 
  spaniards are generally considered white despite , as the map shows , having noticeably darker skin than northern europeans . 
  its just to clarify that it means the skin tone found in northern europe rather than southern europe . 
  if i recall correctly whites made up 30-35 % of the worlds population a hundred years ago and the number is down to about 15-20 % now due to population growth elsewhere . 
  only if the different states can come up with or agree upon a common solution . 
  right now you have some states who want to let more migrants in , some who want to keep them out at all costs , and everyone is trying to shift the problem and make the other states take in a greater share of migrants . 
  uk : bobby , plod , the fuzz , old bill and rozzers are other ones i 've heard used . 
  12 votes 9 upvotes and 3 downvotes 75 % of the votes are upvotes 9 upvotes - 3 downvotes = 6 points total, 
  i do n't know about other countries but the nhs bans people from donating if they have had sex in the last 12 months with someone who has been sexually active in parts of the world where hiv is common , including sub-saharan africa . 
  if a person has recently become infected then it takes time for a disease to become detectable by tests and it can slip through . 
  hiv in particular can take months to show up on tests . 
  prior to the 1920s the uk actually had quite a close relationship with japan . 
  the uk offered a large amount of support for japan 's efforts to modernise in the 19th century and they were allied from 1902-1921 . 
  on the other hand the uk and china have only really started to get friendly since 1997 . 
  good . 
  this sort of appalling behaviour is damaging to both our countries . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  what makes you think this ? 
  scotland can only leave if the uk parliament approves and since there was a referendum on the issue less than two years ago then parliament has a very valid reason to refuse to hold one . 
  we ca n't simply have a referendum every time the snp thinks it has a chance of winning . 
  if the only difference between norway and switzerland 's positions and full eu membership are that those two countries have less control over eu policy then why have they repeatedly voted against eu membership ? 
  anyone who understands the system better can jump in and correct me if i 'm wrong but as i understand it , it works something like this : the french state will reimburse political parties 50 % of what they spend on an election . 
  so to maximise their spending if a party has , say , one million euros on hand they will take out a loan for another million so that they can spend two million . 
  the state will then reimburse them half of that ( one million ) which they use to pay off the loan . 
  if the national front ca n't get a loan then their election funding is essentially cut in half which puts them at a very unfair disadvantage . 
   `` an estimated 60 percent of those who espouse violent jihadism in europe are second-generation muslims who have lost their connection with their country of origin and have failed to integrate into western societies , '' roy says .
