it 's not a pro-paedophile police state ; i mean some guy got a 9 month suspended sentence for having cartoon ` child ' porn while police cover for and defend pakistani gangs raping children . 
  people get thrown in prison for making offensive comments on twitter while serial burglars regularly get off with community orders or fines . 
  it 's like a bizarre , incompetent police state that enforces laws in unpredictable ways . 
  oh please , it 's nothing compared to kissinger winning it . 
  i think that other eu countries should show that they are serious about defence first . 
  right now most european militaries are little more than glorified pension funds so i do n't really see why if most europeans are unwilling to properly fund their own militaries that those problems would n't just carry over to the eu military and why we would n't just end up with britain and france being outvoted and the entire continent being unable to mount serious overseas campaigns . 
  i think if we 've learned anything from the eu experience it 's that problems should be solved before going into union rather than hoping that union somehow fixes them all . 
  it 's unreasonable to expect france to cancel the sale of the warship while all of the other eu countries are blocking any non-token sanctions that would hurt their economies . 
  we just need to get our act together and agree on some serious sanctions against russia . 
  the us never apologised or admitted wrong doing for shooting down iran air flight 655 either . 
  you realise that denmark has more opt-outs than anyone right ? 
  from the euro , the common security and defence police , justice and home affairs and citizenship and more recently it threatened to veto the eu budget until it was given a 134 million euro rebate , not to mention trying to reimpose border controls despite being a member of schengen . 
  does this make denmark a bad member of the eu ? 
  of course not , the simple fact is that with the eu as large and diverse as it is now certain policies are not going to be in the interests of every country and its not exceptionalism to not want to be a part of policies that are harmful to national interests , its just common sense . 
  rather than wanting special privileges the majority of britons would simply prefer for the eu to be more flexible and allow countries to sign up to the things that benefit them and pass on the things that do n't instead of making everything one-size-fits-all . 
  now its fairly obvious that most europeans feel differently and are keen to head towards either federalisation or at least closer political harmonisation which is the opposite of what most british people want so the rift between us is only going to grow unless britain gets some kind of special status within the eu exempting it from further political integration or it simply leaves the eu , anything else is just kicking the can down the road, 
  i think its largely a fundamental disagreement on what british people and what other europeans want the eu to be . 
  british people , at least in my experience , mostly want the eu to simply be a giant free trade zone . 
  other europeans mostly seem to want the eu to either be a federalised superpower or at least a much more politically united confederation . 
  obviously that means that when other countries consistently support expanding the eu 's power and the uk consistently opposes it then it creates resentment on both sides . 
  this article relies on the assumption that british politics is divided into a right-wing of the bnp/ukip/tories and a left-wing of the libdems/labour and that voters do n't move between the two wings which is obviously not true although the use of a stacked bar chart in that way might certainly give you that impression . 
  according to [ yougov ] ( http://yougov.co.uk/news/2014/02/24/where-ukip-gets-its-support/ ) the way ukip supporters voted in 2010 were : 45 % conservatives 15 % lib dems 12 % ukip 11 % labour 3 % bnp obviously people vote differently in general elections than in eu elections but its clear that ukip are taking votes from both sides of the political spectrum and in particular a lot of the libdem vote has gone to ukip not labour . 
  i was under the impression that reddit only fuzzes the votes for submissions that already have a large number of votes . 
  new submissions should n't be getting any automatic downvotes from reddit itself . 
  2019 : david cameron promises that if reelected again he totally , 100 % , cross my heart and hope to die stick a needle in my eye promises to give us a referendum on the eu for realsies this time . 
  or funding right wing death squads to wipe out the ethnic russians in crimea . 
  problem solved !, 
   [ never miss an opportunity to form a queue . 
  the independent forensic analysis certainly casts doubt about the dna evidence but it does n't prove it false . 
  the website addresses the dna on the knife here : http://themurderofmeredithkercher.com/the_double_dna_knife it claims that although the quantity of dna was too low to allow repeat tests ( possibly because the knife was washed with bleach ) the initial profile perfectly matches that of kercher . 
  also knox 's boyfriend claimed that the knife got kercher 's dna on when she was at his house and he was making dinner but this was shown to be a lie as she 'd never gone to his house . 
  http://themurderofmeredithkercher.com/the_evidence a knife was found at her boyfriend 's house that had the victim 's dna on the blade and knox 's dna on the handle , her dna was found mixed with the victim 's blood in several places . 
  traces of bloody footprints were found walking between the victim and knox 's rooms and a bloody shoeprint was found on a pillow by the victim 's body that matched knox 's shoe . 
  she and her boyfriend tried to prevent the discovery of the victim 's body by saying that the victim always locked her door and it was nothing to worry about which was contradicted by one of the other housemates who said that she never locked her door . 
  her initial alibi that she was at her boyfriend 's house that night was shown to be false and a shopkeeper saw her buying cleaning products about 3 hours before she claimed she had woken up and when confronted with the evidence she changed her alibi and falsely accused someone who was found to have a solid alibi . 
  of course there 's another side to the story , there are questions about whether dna evidence might have been contaminated and how the prosecutors handled the case and so on but there 's no shortage of evidence linking her to the murder . 
   european integration has always been heavily associated with the socialist end of the political spectrum in the uk . 
  that 's patently untrue , when the uk joined the eec it was the tories in favour of it with labour opposed . 
  britain has a long history of supporting free trade which is largely why it joined the eec and strongly supported eu enlargement - more countries , more trade - so when the common market was the focal point of european integration it enjoyed large support among the right and was viewed with scepticism by the left who were more protectionist . 
  but the eu is increasingly being seen as a political rather than an economic project . 
  stuff like the ruling that prisoners must have voting rights really rubs the right the wrong way because it infringes upon our sovereignty without providing any economic benefits which is why many on the right are becoming increasingly hostile towards the eu . 
  the tories are n't one homogeneous group . 
  the tory leadership may have problems with the eu but for the most part they 're solidly against leaving while many backbenchers are aligned with ukip on the issue and want out asap . 
  cameron 's problem is n't just that he needs to win over the general public but that he also needs to win over his own party and backbenchers , there 's been a few incidents of ` rebellion ' by his own mps trying to force a referendum on the eu and he 's no doubt worried about migration to ukip if he makes it clear that a tory government will never leave the eu . 
  ridiculous . 
  its like china and the dalai lama . 
  people are much more likely to protest against things they do n't like than for things they like so its not really surprising that there will be more pro-eu protesters when the government does something pro-russian , that does n't necessarily mean that the majority of the public is pro-eu . 
  also its my understanding that the south/east of the country is pro-russia while the north/west is pro-eu so since kiev is in the north of the country it makes it a lot easier for eu supporters to protest there . 
  completely unrelated to the recent ukraine debacle i 'm sure . 
  because today 's european nations are generally direct successors to the governments of the past that participated in the slave trade . 
  the situation in africa is completely different because in pre-colonial times it was a patchwork of different clans , tribes , city states etc. 
  so there 's no line of succession between today 's african governments and those who were responsible for the slave trade . 
  if you read the classification section it says that the removal of just the clitoral hood or type 1a , which is the type comparable to male circumcision , is rarely ever done . 
  it cites an [ article ] ( http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/nejm199409153311106 ) by nahid toubia who says :  in my extensive clinical experience as a physician in sudan , and after a careful review of the literature of the past 15 years , i have not found a single case of female circumcision in which only the skin surrounding the clitoris is removed , without damage to the clitoris itself . 
  some counterpoints : * 1 our immigration policy already reflects this by fining businesses that employ illegal immigrants or those who do n't have a right to work in the uk . 
  * 2 there are much more job seekers than jobs in our economy currently so its likely that if an illegal immigrant gets a job then that 's a job that would otherwise have gone to a legal resident . 
  if that 's the case then its a net negative because the tax would have been collected anyway only you now have a legal resident on welfare and the person with the job is more likely to send money overseas rather than putting it back into the economy . 
  * 3 not really sure what you 're driving at here . 
  * 4 there are plenty of white british people willing to work hard or unpleasant jobs its just that illegal immigrants are willing to work those jobs for lower ( and sometimes illegally low ) wages . 
  * 5/6 are true but i think most people would agree that our immigration policy should be for the benefit of our country rather than some form of charity or reparations for imperialism . 
  * 7 what exactly do you mean by `` suddenly '' ? 
  immigration has been a source of tension since at least 1968 when enoch powell gave his rivers of blood speech . 
  moreover the benefits of legal post-war immigration have nothing to do with today 's illegal immigrants . 
  * 8 i would really like to know what you 're basing this on . 
  how many illegal immigrants are we being told there are and how many are there actually ? 
  it was certainly my understanding that we can only make very rough estimates of somewhere between a couple of hundred thousand and a million . 
  you do n't get it at all . 
  whistleblower laws are to protect employees from mistreatment from their employer as a result of blowing the whistle . 
  if you found out that your company was evading taxes or breaking safety regulations and you reported it to the relevant authority/regulator then whistleblower protection laws would mean that your boss ca n't fire you , demote you or do anything to punish you for it . 
   so if you follow the procedure to blow the whistle on wrongdoing , corruption , crime and so forth and it is in the public interest , then you 'd be legally protected from being fired , demoted , harassed , or being transferred against your will . 
  i very much doubt that in any country in the world its legal to do what edward snowden did . 
  he did n't go through the proper channels , he just leaked state secrets to the world . 
  that 's not going to be legal anywhere . 
  the british system is probably as good of a system as you 're going to find anywhere in the world . 
  of course it does n't justify it but based on the [ top comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1fs1sw/18yearold_paris_student_left_brain_dead_after/cad9gm0 ) in / r/worldnews it sounds like he and his friends deliberately provoked the skinheads into the attack . 
  exactly , the met made little if any arrests during the london riots and then made thousands in the following months after reviewing cctv footage and talking to witnesses . 
  its better to arrest people when they 're at home by themselves rather than when they 're rioting on the streets in a violent gang . 
  the point is that the grammatical structure and most of the ` core ' / most used words are germanic even if the majority of the vocabulary is latin/french . 
   at least , that 's the cynical way of looking at it . 
  really ? 
  i do n't think the official could be any more clear that that 's what they mean . 
  the only thing that 's cynical is the phrasing ` american-led foreign escapades ' . 
   it 's not that cyprus leaving the euro would necessarily be a good thing either for cyprus or for the remaining countries , but that the threat of their ability to torpedo the euro can be deployed to get them a better bailout deal . 
  it 's a game of chicken , basically . 
  if the emu backs down to * cyprus * , an economy less than 10 % the size of greece , then it loses all its credibility in bailout negotiations . 
  it basically admits that the threat of a eurozone exit is such a powerful card that any country can use it to push the emu around since malta is basically the only eurozone country with less leverage than cyprus . 
  cyprus leaving the ez would be bad but i think that giving in to its demands would be worse . 
  i would n't underestimate them , they got over 900,000 votes in the last election and i could quite easily see them breaking 1 million next time and maybe even a few seats since the bnp , the other major anti-eu/protest vote , has largely collapsed and the lib dems , the traditional protest vote , look to be in a dire situation if some of the polls are to be believed . 
  i think that the main thing this result shows is that cameron 's pledge for an eu referendum has n't slowed ukip 's momentum at all . 
   between 2000 and 2010 , average italian growth has been less than 0.3 percent per year , making it not only the most sluggish economy in the euro zone but the third most inert in the world , ahead of only zimbabwe , eritrea and haiti . 
  so surely that makes it the fourth most inert ? 
   ther difference is that germany uses around 100 bullets in an entire year . 
  [ link ] [ 1 ] and not 51 against an innocent person . 
  you ca n't just fall back on `` b-b-but guns ! '', 
  for everything , what he said is absolutely correct , if police investigating police misconduct is unacceptable why does is suddenly become acceptable if germany does it ? 
  it seems that you 're beginning from the conclusion that the us must be in the wrong and working backwards . 
  the number of bullets the police use is totally irrelevant , in britain our police are n't armed yet we still recognise the importance of having an independent police complains commission and not just for incidents involving firearms . 
  i think that this is a precious opportunity for the eu to prove its worth . 
  if the eu can stand up to and reject american lobbying and pressure where many member states would otherwise give in then i 'll view it much more favourably . 
  frankly though its an absolute disgrace that american lobbyists are let anywhere near this legislation , or any european legislation for that matter .
