  young men are a volatile group in general and you factor in the regions and cultures they come from , and they 're much more so . 
  the us has its own issues with refugees . 
  the somalis in minnesota have had a lot of problems with over-representation in unemployment & welfare , crime , and they 're now exporting terrorists to the middle east ( and then they 're returning to the us radicalized ) . 
  it comes down to cultures . 
  stone-age nomads are n't going to fit into western society very well . 
  it 'll take generations , at minimum . 
   `` ok fine , but is n't most of the immigrant popiulation concentrated in the main cities like toronto and montreal ? '', 
  yes , and most of the white people are in the small towns & suburbs . 
   `` also ... is n't most of the country 's population concentrated within the first 100 miles north of the us border , while most of the frozen tundra is larfely uninhabited ( just like scandinavia ) ? '', 
  yes , but the habitable area of canada is still vastly larger than germany . 
  and less populated . 
   `` also ... 
  is n't germany having some problems with the fact that brandenburg has gotten so dramatically de-populated that they 're considering making it ( and other parts of former gdr a nature-reserve ? 
  is n't the former east germany seeing massive demographic decline , just generally ? '', 
  eastern germany 's population has decreased but it 's been far from `` dramatic . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:bev%c3%b6lkerungsentwicklung_land_brandenburg.pdf i 'm also not a really big fan of the idea that in order to sustain economic growth you have to maintain population growth . 
  eventually , population needs to level off and slowly decrease , particularly in countries as densely populated as germany . 
  police is not welcome there . 
  routine operations can escalate at any time . 
  like after a traffic accident a few months ago . 
  police commander thomas b\u00f6ttcher , chief of district 55 in neuk\u00f6lln , told rbb reporter olaf sundermeyer : `` it was a rather trivial issue that led to a situation where 50 to 70 persons gathered around my officers in no time . 
  they harassed them and insulted them . 
  the group wanted to demonstrate that they could prevail against a smaller number of police officers . '', 
  individual officers were threatened by members of these clans even after office hours , b\u00f6tticher says . '', 
  of course . 
  but how does that fix the problems with the ones already here ? 
  the unemployment rate of refugees in germany after a decade in the country is 50 % . 
  in sweden it 's close to 60 % , and denmark it 's 75 % . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/refugees-wont-plug-german-labor-gap-asylum-employment-skills-gap/ `` let 's not delude ourselves , '' said ludger w\u00f6\u00dfmann , director of munich-based ifo center for the economics of education . 
  `` from everything we know so far , it seems that the majority of refugees would first need extensive training and even then it 's far from certain that it would work out . '', 
  canada 's population is less than half germany 's despite being the 2nd largest country by land area in the world . 
  they have room to grow their population and move in immigrants without a clashing of cultures . 
  there 's a huge difference between migrants and refugees . 
  and migrants from a developed country vs. refugees from 3rd world countries . 
  i am beyond words at the fact that a majority of germans think that people from predominantly developing nations , with no knowledge of german , and little to no education , can strengthen the economy . 
  the few that will contribute to the work force wo n't even be able to offset the rest that can not . 
  many of them might not even be french citizens , those ones can simply be deported . 
  others might have dual citizenship , and their french citizenship can be revoked and they can be sent packing , too . 
  the rest will need rehabilitated and reintegrated . 
  many mosques are also spreading hate and advocating violence , so it 's not necessarily unjust discrimination . 
  so is n't it like over 50 % maghrebi with even higher proportions in schools ? 
  wait until you see antwerp, 
  scotland, 
  nobody forces economic migrants to hop into rickety boats . 
  the vast majority of them will be on the government dole for as long as they remain here . 
  it 's simply a charity of colossal proportions . 
  are any cats * truly * innocent ? 
  dna evidence http://abcnews.go.com/international/wirestory/iraqi-men-arrested-years-day-rape-austria-41392461, 
  gen \u00b7 er \u00b7 al \u00b7 i \u00b7 za \u00b7 tion \u02ccjen ( \u0259 ) r\u0259l\u0259\u02c8z\u0101sh ( \u0259 ) n / noun a general statement or concept obtained by inference from specific cases . 
  muslims sure are a sensitive bunch . 
  it happened in many more cities than just these two . 
  derby , bristol , kent , rochdale , oxford , telford , peterborough . 
  it does n't bode well for the assimilation and integration of the current wave of migrants , that 's for sure . 
  it 's nice in theory but few will be willing/able to work . 
  maybe some estonians can weigh in , but i 've always considered them culturally more nordic , or northern according to this . 
  i trust the germans here . 
  many did . 
  the rhetoric was `` they 're not terrorists , they 're * escaping * terrorists ! '', 
  it 's a snapshot into the demographic future of germany , if they 're allowed to stay . 
  and if you look at it by age , it 's like 10 % of the population under the age of 30 . 
  check out eastern europe ... rich culture and nary a jihadist in sight . 
  all the telltale signs of another right wing white supremacist . 
  return to your safe space . 
  have at it . 
  you can break turkey into 3 groups . 
  ethnic turks in the west , around istanbul & ankara , whom are wealthier and more secular and have slightly below-replacement birthrates . 
  then there 's the ethnic turks in the central and eastern part of the country which have birthrates slightly above replacement rate , and then there are the kurds in the extreme southwest that have insanely high birthrates . 
  europe is really going to shit . 
  can someone please direct him to this link https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism_in_turkey, 
  the vast majority of people granted asylum in other eu countries end up staying on the government dole for decades anyway , so they do n't do shit for labor shortages . 
  i made no mention of borders , but if you want to think that you 're free to do so . 
  i did n't say `` strictly . '', 
  i doubt there 's a city on earth that is `` strictly '' one particular ethnicity with zero outside influence from others . 
  my grandmother 's from breslau so i 'm fairly familiar with its history . 
  some replies indicated they wanted to see historical german cities better represented , and i was simply saying that they kind of already were , that 's all . 
  wroclaw , cheb , and sibiu all had ethnic german majorities for hundreds of years , and the architecture is largely german in style . 
  you do n't really even need to make up bs . 
  just describe molenbeek and st. denis as they are and it 'll support anti-immigration views just fine . 
  to be fair , many of the towns on the list are formerly german . 
  few , if any , historical figures hold up to modern standards . 
  honestly , why ca n't the eu just build a wall along the turkish border and send some boats to patrol the aegean waters ? 
  the hungarians erected a border across a similar land area in a matter of weeks . 
  agreed . 
  it 's not like these countries are going to send us the cream of the crop . 
  as i recall , most of the turks in germany came from the rural , agrarian eastern parts where folks are much more devout and hardlined . 
  or at least the german turks descend from this bunch . 
  but yeah , 3 million turks may be just a few too many . 
  sorry , there 's no room at the inn . 
  backstory or explanation ? 
  who among us does n't like to pop off a few rounds after a pint or two . 
  probably for home protection , or in the very unlikely event that society completely breaks down . 
  daesh is n't the only islamic terrorist organization . 
  there 's also al qaida , boko haram , al shabaab , etc. 
  i do n't know why you 're trying to convince me that birthrates level off , when i 've already acknowledged they do . 
  i also do n't know why we , as a continent , should continue to allow in millions mena migrants per year when the ones that 've been here for generations have n't integrated properly , regardless of who 's at fault . 
  you do n't think that 50 million is a realistic number in a generation or two at current levels of migration , even considering a leveling-off of birthrates ? 
  i 'd consider 1/6th of a population to be a pretty sizable minority . 
  especially considering what it was 50-100 years ago . 
  birthrates do level off over time but you also have to consider family reunification for refugees + continued migration , because it 's not stopping anytime soon . 
  50 million is extremely realistic .
