awesome !, 
  i lived in lille for a bit , which had an unusually good beer scene but still left me wanting , so i am happy to hear that beer is becoming stronger in france . 
   wasp plays a big role too . 
  as someone from a catholic family , i think this is an excellent point , and that factor fits well alongside the common language . 
  it was n't that long ago that john f. kennedy 's ability to serve as president of the united states was questioned based on his religion , and he is still the only catholic to have been president . 
  of course , this was a continuation of the long tradition of abusing and distrusting catholic immigrants to the united states . 
  if it has an adjustable interest rate , then yes . 
  otherwise , it is just related to non-adjustable , interest-only mortgages in the united states , which people with good credit histories took out during the boom years . 
  those people also tended to go bust once the crash came and housing prices took a nose-dive , albeit at a lower rate than sub-prime borrowers , but are a different issue than arms . 
  true . 
  i can only authoritatively speak on the united states , though . 
  no , i 'm afraid that 's deeper than i was going . 
   [ t ] hey fail to have rudimentary understanding of the systems of governance ( on either an eu or national level ) . 
  they 're interested but they do n't understand . 
  it 's treated more as a soap opera rather than an act in understanding systems and mechanisms or deriving any meaning . 
  in the united states , this seems to be the case for about 90 % of journalists . 
  the shallowness of their thinking ( and seeming inability to use basic logic ) just astounds me , but then i remember that likely 90 % of their audience have the same limitation . 
   but it 's * probably * correct to assume that the people who speak english * as a non-native language * are on average smarter than those who do n't . 
  ftfy , albeit too late for the downvote brigade . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  i am familiar with the first , but it is in fact a bastardization of the original phrase . 
  regardless , clearly i acknowledged the fact that i am aware that the first is the more common ( albeit technically incorrect ! ), 
  usage given my prominent footnote explaining that i was being deliberately pedantic . 
  ** e.t.a. 
  : ** i can also [ selectively pick a dictionary source to prove my point ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/beg_the_question ) , or [ here ] ( http://ahdictionary.com/word/search.html?q=beg+the+question ) , or in the oed ( subscription required ) , which offers the following definition :  to take for granted without warrant ; esp . 
  in to beg the question : to take for granted the matter in dispute , to assume without proof . 
  my point : clearly i was making a joke . 
  \\* ahem \\* that * raises * the question . \\* and , yes , i believe that happened last month . 
  \\* pedantry amplified for the purposes of eu v. us competition . 
  haha . 
  thanks for setting me straight !, 
  i do think portuguese is a cool language , and i like that i can read it without having studied it . 
  it 's just that i did n't really dig the sounds when i was in portugal ( which was only a week , after all ) . 
  that 's correct on the lisp . 
  i 've spent a fair amount of time in spain and never been to mexico ( i 'm on the opposite side of the country ) , though , so i actually prefer the lisp . 
  an excellent point !, 
  i certainly failed to consider the rich use of tenses in french compared to english . 
  that 's fair . 
  there are definitely irregularities , but even they have an internal logic ( the `` dr. mrs. van der tramp '' verbs all relate to movement of some sort , be it literal or metaphorical , and the irregular adjectives like ` grand ' and ` beau ' relate to size , beauty , age , or good/bad ) . 
  compared to english 's devil-may-care approach , it seems like small potatoes , although perhaps i 've just internalized the oddness ( after all , i only consider english 's quirks when discussing the language with non-native friends ) . 
  i really like spanish . 
  it sounds very smooth and fluid to me . 
  i also like russian , but mostly because i 'm fascinated by russian history , film , and culture ( see : my username ) . 
  i do n't particularly like portuguese . 
  i suspect that that 's related to my knowing french and spanish . 
  it just sounds like a melange of them with the addition of some different sounds that i do n't really like ( e.g. , the nasal ending in commen\u00e7ao and the sh-sound in pasteis ) . 
  as a native english speaker who speaks french , i do n't understand what you mean . 
  to me , french is extremely regular and rule-based . 
  sure , there are irregular verbs , but nowhere near as many as in english . 
  oh , no , that 's not a common usage at all . 
  i was just making a joke about a possible meaning that would make sense . 
  maybe that was meant in absolute terms . 
  really small country -  really small government . 
  we have two : pbs on tv and npr on the radio . 
  they have completely different funding models than , say , the bbc , but they are public nonetheless . 
  anyway , the issue is that truly public broadcasters would be run the same way as italy 's are . 
  we have plenty of parrots for the two major parties without having an official one . 
  yes , i 'm fairly certain that that 's part of the joke . 
  you should . 
  they need it . 
  : i love the spiteful down votes i get for having an american flag . 
  go check my flair on / r/iwantout : i love europe and want to move there . 
  the truth , though , is that the western part of the continent is sorely lacking in the mexican food department . 
  i know because i lived there for a fair amount of time . 
  it was a hard thing to go without . 
  you 're right . 
  nowhere in europe has tacos as good as oakland 's . 
  would n't ` modern ' be the better word to pick on there ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm obsessed with beer . 
  i 've spent a lot of time in germany , belgium , and the uk . 
  i know my stuff . 
  this was n't a blind opinion . 
  pound-for-pound , belgium has the best beer . 
  in absolute terms , it is the united states thanks to its craft beer scene . 
  i 'm not talking about budweiser , miller , etc. 
  that 's all shit . 
  i 'm talking about the same kind of small , regional brewers that make germany and belgium great beer countries . 
  / rant anyway , i support puerto rico 's right to self-determination , just as i support catalunya , basque territory , galicia , scotland , kosovo , palestine , kurdistan , etc. 
  i regret my country 's imperialist ways , and i take offense at your assumption that i am an `` imperialist yank '' myself . 
  i came here to suggest this one . 
  fantastic show , and [ it 's available for free online at the rtve website ] ( http://www.rtve.es/television/cuentame/capitulos-completos/ ) . 
  many people in china subscribe to a vpn that allows access to the real internet . 
  with our powers combined , i think we could actually accomplish that . 
  the question in the title seems pretty clear to me :  which neighboring european country would you chose to form one state with your country ? 
  it 's fair to interpret the game differently to make it more interesting , but do n't call me stupid because i expressed ( justified ) skepticism of calling japan ` european ' . 
  which is the beauty of it !, 
  cultural and historical issues aside , the combined country would have so much oil , gas , and coal in addition to the world 's second-largest annual potato production . 
  besides , judging by the popularity of books about russian history in the states , we miss having them as part of our daily lives . 
  japan is not european . 
  we 're kind of neighbors . 
  if it meant no more putin presidencies , i would n't be opposed to our marriage . 
  you could all move here . 
  we 've really improved our manners . 
  heck , we even elected one of you president , although ... 
  anyway , i think we would have a swell time . 
  to be fair to those people , part of ireland is in the uk . 
  the thought of this happening makes me laugh and laugh and laugh . 
   european ...  japan o_o, 
  just something touchy like `` oh , because all americans are fat , right ?
