  my atheist father still ca n't even stand the fact that i fasting in ramadan . 
  you did n't get what i said . 
  they do n't need to brainwash them . 
  they are their children after all . 
  you always tend to follow your parents life path . 
  i ` am not religious guy just like my parents ( atleast half of it ) . 
  they never enforce me to be less religious . 
  it just happened . 
   go live in iran if you like headscarfs so much sorry but you lost this war years ago so you should go if you really do n't like the freedom of other people . 
   to make school aged children wear headscarves is child abuse . 
  noone make them wear . 
  they already want to wear because it is part of their parents life style . 
  i know it is hard to imagine for someone grow up in a secular family but actually most of high school , middle school girls wear it by their wishes . minority of religious families enforce them to wear . 
  for elementary schools , i agree too . 
  yes , small left-wing , liberal newpapers . 
  opposition actually more nationalist than erdogan . historically there are two political groups in turkey . 
  both of them are too pro-state to accept the facts . 
  nationalist , secular , more educated , western turks vs islamist , less educated , rural , pro-ottomanist turks and now there is hdp and left-wing groups too . 
  totaly different . 
  istanbul goverment and ankara goverment were political rivals . 
  you should read about turkish war of independence . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government_of_the_grand_national_assembly  turkish government based in ankara during the turkish war of independence ( 1919 -- 1923 ) and during the final years of the ottoman empire . 
  it was led by the turkish national movement , as opposed to the crumbling constantinople government , which was led by the ottoman sultan . 
  s\u00f6zc\u00fc is n't pro-erdogan but pro-state , nationalist newspaper . 
  turks do n't care about democracy or what he says . 
  we have huge terror problem and economy still going well so majority will support him anyway . 
   justifying why atat\u00fcrk had to kill them to prevent turkey from falling apart , and so on . 
  lol it was not ataturk . 
  it was not even turkey . 
  ottoman empire did it . 
  people should n't blame turkey for the genocide but everyone should accept crimes of both ottoman empire and armenians . 
  actualy just 35 % of turkish people even vote in germany so only 20 % of turks there ( 60 % of 35 % ) are akp voters . 
  most of turkish people in germany actually do n't even vote but voters are mostly old and religious . 
  reasons : corruption scandal , after he was elected as president he did n't respect nun-akp erdogan votes ( mostly mhp voters ) , bad economy ( after 2015 ) and most important reason is popularity of hdp leader , kurdish people switched their side . 
  he ca n't rule this country without political support of kurdish , liberal or nationalist groups . 
  now he only have support of nationalist groups . 
  everything already has changed in 2 years . 
  2013 61 % 2014 51 % 2015 39 % approval rates http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/10/15/deep-divisions-in-turkey-as-election-nears/turkey-report-19/, 
  same story in here . 
  mount & blade ii : bannerlord . i ` am excited for it too :d . 
  mount & blade, 
   i do n't understand why the media and people always call it a pro-kurdish party , when the party is composed of ethnic turks and kurds . 
  people forget to take into account that 20 % of turkey 's population is kurdish . 
   some of hdp politicians support pkk . 
  most of turkish people see hdp as pro-terror , pro-pkk party . 
  atleast 70 % of turkish people hate hdp . 
  they saw them as `` terrorists in the parliment '' noting more . 
  becuase chp voters are too nationalistic for that . 
  chp is centre-left not left-wing . 
  atleast half of chp voters wo n't vote for this kind of coalition . 
  hdp is pro-kurdish and they have realationship with pkk . 
  direct coalition with hdp means poltical suicide in turkey . 
  `` it 's the economy , stupid . '', 
  mathematically half of turkish males have to be shorter than 1.74 so it is not so surprising . 
  also this data is 17 years old ( 2000 ) . 
  from stone ages . 
  he will remain in power if he was elected in all next 3 presidential elections . 
  he is smart . 
   it is interesting how 2nd nd 3rd generation of turks living in netherlands are still more turkish than dutch . 
  source ? 
  most of them do n't even vote in turkish elections . 
   more integrated german turks probably younger german turks . 
  trump is so newbie right now . 
  erdo\u011fan also was like him at the beginning then he got more power to himself . 
  erdogan administration was n't like that . 
  15 years passed since he was elected . 
  and not just istanbul , most of our city names have greek roots . 
   things like decentralization of power is a foreign concept to them . 
  throughout their history they were ruled by a sultan , a sultanite president or the army . 
  so sorry , not just because of your ignorance about turkish history also you do n't even know history of your country . 
   the fact that a large amount of akp supporters wives vote for him is hardly surprising yes but actually vast majority of turkish housewives vote for his party and only 30 % of turkish women have a job . 
  conservative housewives are biggest voting group of erdogan 's party . 
  you do n't need to google someone who you already know well . 
  you need to go back to medival europe to see actual catholicism or just look at today catholic african countries . 
  acording to same survey . 
  70 % of turkish people support erdogan 's security policies also 64 % of them blame terrorism for recent economic problems so it 's already happened . 
  erdogan became the savior of the state against terror groups . 
  he also started a anti-terror war in syria . seems like people will support him for a long time . 
  as a gay guy all of them look same ( or too similiar ) to me . just some of them are older . 
  it was n't because of the coup . 
  3rd quarter of this year it shrinks more than 2 % actually because goverment changed calculating method of economic growth . 
  they hided real numbers . 
  it is actually worse than 2 % lost and in last quarter of 2016 will be the worst and coup happened in july . 
  problem is n't the coup . 
  it is more complicated than that . 
  2017 will be far worse because usa interest rates will rise even more . 
  http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkish-economy-shrinks-for-first-time-since-2009.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=107179&amp;newscatid=344 it is going down . 
  people expecting a recession . 
  recent quarter of this year is also worst than this . 
   was n't the purpose of the coup to get rid of him ? 
  yup but turkish people hate any kind of coup . 
  it just makes him more popular . 
  people behind the coup are hated by majortiy of this country . 
  people see the coup as a outside attack . 
  erdogan used it well . 
  economy is going really bad . 
  he will start to lose his popularity again but it wo n't happen suddenly for sure . 
  after recent coup attempt his approval rates rised to 50 % . 
  it was 38 % when his party lost the majority of the parliment so coup attempt and general instability made him popular again . 
  it will be interesting referendum .
