  turkish mosques are n't really too conservative if you read the article . most of syrians do n't like salafist arabic mosques . 
  they will prefer turkish mosques instead but language is the big problem . 
  you are too naive . 
  in turkey state controls all mosques , they are funded by the state itself so radical rich wahabists ca n't influence our people that much . 
  mosques should be property of the state . 
  conservative turks are far more progressive than progresive arabs . 
  syrians are too conservative for our society . 
  also first ever gay pride parade in a predominately-muslim country was held in istanbul turkey ( with 30 people ) . 
  he lost a election because of bad economy but after that coalition did n't happen and economy got even worse so voters re-elected his party again . 
  he was about to lose his popularity again but recent coup event make him super popular again . 
  because you play in easy mode . 
  it is economical issue . 
  most of young people ca n't afford a new home also in poorer countries people tend to have stronger family bonds so they can support each other in same house economcly . 
  i still help my family also my family help me in hard times as a young adult . 
  50 % headscarf claim is right . 
  only 30 % of turkish women do n't cover their heads .8 % isis sympathiser also posibble . 
  it was the party not the voters of mhp . 
  we have high vat taxes and goverment spending is getting bigger every year also turkish liras loses it 's value . 
  i do n't even talk about our trade defict which effects our inflation rate really badly . 
  low interest rates also pushing customer spending and creates more inflation because of the money bubble . 
  turkey runs budget surplus in recent months only positive thing we have right now . 
  erdogan economics = take huge taxes to control the budget while keep interest rates lower as posibble to push customer spending and bubble economic growth . 
  it is our normal inflation level . 
  it is our average yearly inflation . 
  most of europeans are not familiar with it . 
  everything becomes 8 % more expensive every year . 
  living in turkey is really crazy experience as a poor student . 
  akp is just typical conservative party . you can also see same kind of parties in most of western countries too . 
  republican party , pis in poland etc. 
  these countries never will become religious states so turkey is n't so different . 
  islamic conservative people are n't so different than christian ones . 
  statu of turkish goverment is n't bad as people think . 
  if you leave the country because of a conservative goverment , thats means you are just a minority elite . 
  akp is just party of erdogan nothing more and erdogan is just typical populist politician . 
  he can do anything for more vote . 
  this is a misleading article . 
  secular and educated people are not leaving turkey . all these scholars are member of gulenist movement which is far more religious than akp . 
  akp is just typical populist conservative party . they are n't as religious fundamentalist as you belive . 
  wow . 
  these numbers are worse than turkish ones . 
  abortion is legal in here since 80s . 
  majority think that it should be legal but islam is n't anti-abortion like catholicism so it effects . 
  i ca n't even handle that much ignorance . 
  my eyes ... help me ... 
  majority of belgian turks did n't even vote . 
  majority of voters are old conservative people who voted for akp . 
  ofcourse some muslims will reject secular laws but it does n't mean that they are sharia supporter or you can care sharia more than secular law . 
  after recent events probably most of french muslims rejected secular law even more . 
  you do n't have to like evey law of your country at all . french style pro-secularism is n't liberal , it does n't make you a traitor . 
  also  when asked if they considered the islamic legal and moral code of sharia to be more important than the french republic 's laws , 29 percent of respondents answered `` yes . '', 
  for most of the religious muslims the law of god is more important than law of men . 
  it does n't mean they want sharia in france . 
  people in that sub have sexual problems . 
  they ca n't do real sex because of porn addiction also porn effects your reward circuit in your brain . it makes real sex is less good and definelty effect your sexual life badly . 
  some people watch it every day for years . 
  woman who was attacked is also muslim . 
  you just talked about extremist muslims in turkey . 
  what are you talking about really ? 
  yes these kind of things can happen anywhere in the world . 
  burkini ban is good example also most of european people definetly are n't as liberal as many people believe . 
  two example ca n't prove anything sorry . 
  yes there are religious lunatics but every country have them . 
  show me a survey or poll . 
  do n't try to generalize all city please . 
  majortiy of turkish people definetly do n't support arresting a women because of her cloths . do you want to make a same kind of poll in eu . i think a lot of people 'll want to send a woman who wear a burqa to jail or out of country . 
  istanbul is not a village . 
  ofcourse there are extremists in there too . 
  most of muslim countries do n't have these laws . 
  europe have its own values . 
  if you ca n't accept them so you are just like sharia supporters . 
  i ca n't see any problem in here . 
  tax cuts are always good for the economy . 
  poor people also will be richer than today . 
  more job will be created salaries will rise . 
  economy will grow faster but ofcourse need to be blanced . 
  huge unequality will create more crime and social problems also it will effect the grow rate after some point . 
  poor people have higher spending rate than rich people . 
  if they go so far . 
  customer spending will be lower than today . 
  only smart people can understand . 
  do you live in a cage ? 
  i ca n't agree more . 
  yes and majority of people hate gulenist so much . 
  even opposition will approve him for his actions . 
  erdogan is president of turkey after all . 
  he represents the country . 
  for a short term turks might unite behind him against a foreign threat . 
  https://global.britannica.com/event/tanzimat https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atat%c3%bcrk%27s_reforms https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/young_turk_revolution all of these events show that how western ideas effected turkey and ottoman empire . western part of turkey is coming from late ottoman history . 
  after nationalist , liberal , secular people take power of islamic caliphe ( young turk coup ) and effect of western culture totaly changed history of turkey and it 's culture , it 's people . ataturk legacy is still extremly strong . 
  all of our main laws are actually copied from western countries and majority of turkish people are n't less western than people in balkans . 
  even you can see this in today politics . 
  islamist vs secularist , nationalists circle jerk still going on . 
   there 's been very little influence of turkey ( and the ottoman empire before it ) on the west . 
   even on a political and social level , the west 's influence was never that triumphant in turkey ( the way it was to india or japan ) . 
  russia is a country that fits this `` bastard child of west and east '' a thousand times better than turkey ever did . 
  how ignorant are you ? 
  do you know anything about late ottoman empire and early history of turkish republic . 
  really even we have common history and you still do n't have any idea about it . 
   i think 400,000 + troops mobilised would not be something to sniff at , conscripts or not . 
  size absolutely matters .
