  it was shame for the cyprus history and even usa president apologized for supporting it . 
  they most likely to do such a thing . they definetly hated turkish minorities in the island . 
  turks had rights in the island . 
  that coup took back all political power of turks . 
   turkey invaded cyprus because they saw the opportunity for a land grab . 
  what was the that opportunity ? 
  saving your own people from genocide . 
  sorry but it have to be happen otherwise coup gon na kill all turkish minorities in the island . 
  the republic of cyprus was established in 1960 with the london and zurich agreements , and the greek cypriots and turkish cypriots were the two founding communities but 1974 coup destroyed this aggrement and turkey have legal rights to invade the island after that . 
  atleast they used teargas against religious lunatics too . 
  they did n't let both sides to go in taksim but these lunatics managed to destroy our pride anyway . 
  do you know anything about turkish politics ? 
  erdogan was like democratic conservative in all media . 
  eu support him to destroy old nationalist secular legacy of the country . 
  eu membership deal make him more popular in public . 
  most of people actualy believed him to be moderate and democratic . 
  even a lot of liberal secular people voted for him and some of secular rich turkish media supported his campaigns . 
  big companies and other groups all of them passed his side because he had support of eu and usa . 
  he made economy better with a lot of foreign money and it makes him even more popular . 
  turkish people do n't care democracy when their pockets are full . 
  erdogan do n't give a fuck about your union anymore , ca n't you see that ? 
  we do n't have any big problem with greece anymore . please check your calendar . 
  cyprus will be united again . 
  follow recent news and try to understand why turkey really invaded cyprus 40 years ago . 
  lol couple of extremist people did something awful and you generalized all country looking these couple of people . 
   what i mean by that is people will kill each other in the name of allah , rape incidents will increase by % 100 , streets will turn into a war zone , pkk and isis will blow up popular places every day  one of the most bullshit comment i ever seen . 
  they supported him . western media supported him against nationalist secular side of the country . 
   the fact that this attack happened in turkey 's most cosmopolitan city is worrying . 
   then you add the fact that the istanbul police had to relocate their pride parade 26th of june because there were too many threats on the first location . 
  it can be happen anywhere in the world . 
  conservative lunatics are in everywhere . 
  we are talking about a cosmopolitan city which 14 million people lives in . 
  there are not too many threats just couple of islamist-nationalists . 
   in 2011 i was sitting outside in istanbul during ramadan istanbul is not a village . 
  you can still do that . 
  nothing is really changed in 4 years . 
  western media do n't support erdogan anymore . 
  thats all, 
   he was pressured by the eu and usa . 
  not he just wanted kurdish votes and kurds gave it to him . 
  thats why he changed his way after kurdish party passed the treshold . 
  they are islamists . 
  mhp voters are as conservative as average turkish voter . 
  i already said they are more rural than chp voters but they also support secularism . 
  atleast half of chp voters are traditional conservative too . check survey of konda more . 
  yes ofcourse rural areas are bad for gay people in every part of world . 
  liberal enought to live in . 
  istanbul is already average of turkey ( 49 % akp ), 
  they did n't let 1 may celebrations in taksim too . 
  workers celebrated in some other place which is desided by the goverment but ofcourse taksim have different kind of political importance and people always will try to celebrate in there . 
   every state which relies on tourism as a significant source of revenue eventually becomes less advanced turkey is not one of these countries . 
  only 10 % of total gdp is coming from tourism income just like france . 
   turks in sweden they are in sweden . they only seeing the goverment not the society just like other europeans in reddit . today turkish society is definelty far less conservative than 90s . 
   it said friday that marches departing from istanbul 's iconic taksim square would not be allowed `` for the safety of our citizens and the participants . ''  the governor 's office has said other locations for demonstrations have been previously designated . 
  misleading title . 
  they only banned celebrations in taksim square . 
  becuase they are two biggest opposition parties coming from the same political tradition ( check ottoman young turks ) . 
  voters of both parties are educated and secular . 
  both of them defend founder values of the country . 
  ( western , nationalist , secular turks ) . 
  chp voters are more urbanized while mhp voters are more rural and conservative . 
  there is not so much difference between them . you need to know history of mhp too . 
  imagine that thare is a huge terror danger in your country and economy is still not bad . 
  do you vote for a anti-democratic strong leader who gives the country economic stability for 15 years or other shit opposition party leaders . 
  who cares democracy when your country is extremly unsafe ? 
  people votes for him beacause of that . it is so simple . 
  we ca n't judge them while more than 40 % of american voters are ready to vote for trump . 
  as a gay man , it is far better than old but still bad . 
  people are far more secular than before but i ca n't say same things for the goverment . 
  erdogan is actualy one of the most kurdish friendly leader of turkey . 
  he give them a lot of rights . 
  pkk = / = kurds . 
  atleast half of kurds vote for erdogan party . 
  look this map and see yourself . 
  7 june 2015 election results mhp-chp is one party . you can clearly see west vs east difference in here . 
  seems like law and justice just like akp ( justice and development party , lol even their names are close ) . social conservative goverments are same in every part of the world . 
  as a gay guy in turkey . 
  polish people should kick them out from the goverment before it 's too late . 
  akp let lgbt prides for years than suddenly they changed their minds after lgbt groups joined anti-goverment protests in 2013 . 
  it was the biggest pride ( 100k people ) ever in happened in eastern europe and middle-east . 
   higher quality of life for everyone and equal opportunities for everyone the finnish dream . 
  5 times a day is maybe 25 % of turkish people . 
  atleast 25 % of turkish people are nun-prayers . 
  friday prayers and half-prayers ( once a week , month , year ) are rest of the population ( 50 % ) so atleast 75 % of turkish population pray and religion is still important in public life and politics but being a prayer and being a conservative two different things . 
  religion in turkey mostly cultural things , not strict rules that everyone have to do . 
  young people are less religious than their parents . 
  i live in one of the most pro-akp province of istanbul . 
  but saxony was leading the union so all poland under control of saxony . 
   religious fundamentalists , because their mindset is actually the same then the mindset of the akp  reduce the support for religious fundamentalism in the country and cost him votes ? 
  sorry but you do n't really know anything about turkish politics . his voters are n't religious fundamentalist at all . 
  half of his voters are islamist but turkish islamist is far more moderate than a arabic islamist or isis . 
  akp voters are just like republican voters in usa . 
  atleast 20 % of his voters already centre , centre-right voters . 
  they vote for economic , safety reasons . 
  a lot of moderate turkish people votes for him too so actually his political power depends on moderate , centre votes not the religious ones . 
  he lost once :p but thanks to pkk he managed to win again . 
  you should play eu4 . 
  poland have pu ( personal union ) with saxony . 
  what would happen if a child told his/her atheist parents that he/she support sharia . 
  religious or not , parents are not different . they always want their children to be like them .
