  turkish people never forgave a economic crises in the past . 
  blaming anyone wo n't work in here . 
  he tried to blame others in 2009 crises . he lost 20 % of his total votes . 
  yes , mostly turkish surveys . 
  i always saw some parcents in couple of different surveys . 
  25 % of turkish population religious conservative , islamist . 
  25 % modern pro-secular people . rest is between of these two . 
  pro-islamist parties ca n't even pass 20 % of votes in turkish political history . a lot of centre-right voters vote for akp too . 
  `` all republican voters are not member of tea party . '', 
  just like that . 
  not all 49 % is pro-islamist . 
  akp is big centre-right , right-wing coalition . 
  what are you talking about really ? 
  mhp defends founder values of turkey anyway . 
  wrong . majority of turks in germany did n't even vote . 
  max 30 % of turks in germany voted for akp . 
  young turkish generation is too german to vote for a turkish general election . 
  turkey as rich as romania . 
  gdp ( ppp ) per capita both countries 20.5 k $, 
   istanbul has a higher living standard than rural bulgaria , but we 're talking about a country that has a significant chunk of its territory in civil war sorry but bullshit comment . 
   a mass migration of 7-15 million turks would destroy the eu politically . 
  why ? 
  eastern european people did n't destroy eu . 
  most of them have same level of education , culture . 
  do n't worry turks not gon na eat your babies . 
  7-15 million is huge numbers btw . 
  most 5 million people can immigrate . 
  this is number one reason for why erdogan is so popular in turkey . 
  his popularity was lowest in 2009 economic crises . 
  he did everything for more public support ( he left davos meeting after israel pm 's speech etc. ), 
  he still took lowest percent of votes in 2009 elections . 
  the highest was the 2011 elections which turkish economy grow 10 % in that year . 
  it wo n't help . 
  after couple of years people will elect another right-wing leader posibbly more hardcore than erdogan . 
  people hate coups in turkey . 
  they made islamists more powerfull in long term . 
  turkish people hate everything that make economy worse actually . 
  yea , he needs to play `` the savior of turkey '' `` fight against terrorism '' shit until he becomes the president . 
  yea , actually it is really great idea but pkk wo n't listen result of referandum but it will definelty send big message to rest of the world . result of a referandum would be huge political victory for turkey . 
  kurds do n't want to be independent . 
  thats why it will never happen . 
  yea , i know it , i definelty do n't support any of his actions but you ca n't blame for it average turkish citizen . 
  majority again voted for him because of pkk . 
  now both sides do n't care civilians or their personal properties . 
  lol , erdogan is one of the most pro-kurdish leader of turkey . 
  islamist and kurds always have some kind of political alliance . 
  noone favor of `` generously '' killing kurds . 
  if you ask average turkish citizen , you can see that . 
  mhp voters are tend to be more anti-kurdish but still atleast half of them more are moderate because mhp is party of conservative nun-akp voters too . 
  key voters of his party are economic voters . he ca n't ignore everything . 
  last time he lost the majority of the parliment . 
  they all are totally same in islam , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_golden_age but today muslim nations are in middle-ages . 
  there are bigger things that effect future of civilizations . 
  it is not just the religion . 
  culture and values do n't come with the religion and they are not static . if that was really true then europe should be still in middle ages . 
  how do you know that ? 
  only 30 % of turks in germany vote in elections . 
  yes but it is not because they are muslim . 
  just like all other undevelepoed nations , these countries have low social - economic level . 
  it is not just religion . 
  europe was just like them in middle-ages . 
  christianity in middle-ages was still the same christianity today . 
   humanitarian values are based on christian roots of europe . 
  islam was and will be , an enemy of them christianity is not so different than islam . 
  abrahamic religions are all same . 
  all religions are enemy of humanitarian , secular , democratic values . 
  does n't matter which one is . 
  majority of kurds do n't like pkk that much . 
  western media do n't tell this part of the story . 
  atleast half of kurds are erdogan voters . 
  you are heavly brainwashed by western media . i do n't blame you but everyone know that all european countries have same dark history so it is n't not the main reason . 
  you ca n't generalize about an entire country just because some religious lunatics attacked the people . 
  turkey still have lowest crime rates in ramadan . 
  rural places are always like that . 
  in big cities even religious people do n't care when you eat something in ramadan . all restaurants are open . 
  turkey is becoming less religious , conservative so religious lunatics are even more aggresive in recent years . 
  but their mind is different . 
  they think that doing gay sex is a choose rather than as a sexual orientation while being trans is fixible thing which is came from the birth . 
  it is not too hard to explain . 
  these countries think that gay people choose to be gay while trans people were born this way . 
   if mhp , hdp and chp made a coalition , '' the loss of votes '' would n't matter for 4 years since they would have controlled the executive and lesiglative power they could n't do that while fighting with each other . 
  i said you do n't know anything about turkish politics so i am not gon na answer you . 
   at that time , there were different narratives going on . 
  i agree hdp is the political party of the pkk , but the pkk and turkish state were in peace talks at that time . 
  of course mhp does n't like peace between turks and kurds . 
  yes but it was never true peace in eyes of people . 
  turks hates pkk and hdp equally . 
  even chp lost a lot of votes if it could make a colation with hdp . 
  it just not racism . 
  80 % of voters hate hdp . 
  if you work with them , your party wo n't able to pass treshold again . 
  in eyes of turkish people hdp is just pkk in the parliment nothing more . 
  working with hdp is political suicede in turkey . 
  you do n't know turkish politics well . 
  mhp and hdp ca n't work anyway . 
  we expected a mhp-akp coalition to stop erdogan power and while opposition had parliment majority . chp-hdp could push a lot of laws which mhp could also support . 
  our lunatics are new actually . 
  they did n't do anything while last lgbt prides . 
  in ramadan , they remembered their religion again . 
  millitary junta was the right-wing fascist bullshit which was supported by usa because of the cold war politics .
