you should play eu4 . 
   now the tables are turned and the religious people are `` oppressing '' those who were in power once . 
  i do n't say it 's right , but i hardly feel sorry , anyone who has lived in the 80ies and 90ies knows what i 'm talking about . 
  because there is not any difference between erdoganists and kemalists after all . 
  you are just racist . 
   i 've heard that turkey is becoming less moderate on the whole , with a turkish friend whom i know saying that erdogan would is destroying ataturk 's work all those decades ago . 
  actually turkish people are becoming less religious . turkish state is less secular than before , but an increasingly religious state and an increasingly religious society are two different things . 
  the latter does not exist in turkey . 
  the society is secularizing not due to the akp 's will , after all , but because of deeper dynamics , among them the influence of technology , urbanization , huge economic growth and capitalism . 
  i also believe that the akp experience , including its dreams of re-islamizing turkey , is likely to be counterproductive and will serve to further accelerate secularization . 
  before the akp , religion was untested , so the islamists could persuasively argue that their incumbency would produce a more virtuous social order . 
  of note , the akp 's precursor was called the virtue party . 
  at the end of 13 years of islamist rule , however , the result is an unimpressive tableau of corruption , nepotism , hubris and a bitter intra-islamic ( akp versus gulen ) struggle . 
  they are actors . 
  video is fake . 
  i saw couple of them in tv commercials . 
  this sounds all too familiar . 
  pis is like polish-christian version of akp . 
  i know how the story will end . 
  spoiler alert !, 
   turkey has too much people overstaying their tourist visa , to grant visa-free entry . 
  but the eu let itself be blackmailed , once again . 
  my country have 3 million syrian refugees . 
  actually we deserve more than just a visa-free entry . 
  sorry but we took your shit so you have to pay for it . 
  that 's not a blackmail at all . 
  strangely he never tried to ban abortion , prostition or alcohol completely . 
  that 's actully wrong . 
  if chp-mhp were a single party , 7 june election results would look more like this http://imgur.com/dlmi9br . 
  you can easly see west-east difference in the map . 
   the belgian mosques they refused to hold a minute of silence or a prayer for the victims ( no prayer for the kuffars ) . 
  wahabists ... eu really need a religious system like in turkey . 
  otherwise extremist imams will keep brainwashing muslims in eu ( especially young people ) . 
  french style secularism is not going well in this country . 
  70 % of turkish women cover their heads so actually his wife 's hijab is n't something uncommon . 
  turkey is like usa . 
  religion still plays huge role in politics but both of countries are secular and akp is not so different than the republican party . 
   i ca n't really feel sorry for them because these guys are responsible for all the jailed turkish military officers and more than half of the journalists who were completely innocent . 
  now that the military officers and journalists are released not all of them were innocent . 
  erdogan need a political friend in hsyk against cemaat . 
  thats why he released them . 
  you only believe what you want to believe but truth hurts sorry . 
  coup plan was as true as corruption scandal . 
  lol . 
  civil war is n't gon na happen . 
  turkey is not like other middle-eastern countries . 
  you ca n't compare us with lebanon or any other middle eastern country . 
  pkk is not something new and majority of kurds oppose pkk so it ca n't become a civil war as you see in syria . 
  you should know that atleast half of their voters have radical beliefs and some of their mps still have sympath to pkk . 
  they lost a million votes in 1 november elections because they could n't hide these poltical beliefs after pkk terror attacks . 
  some conservative kurds took back their support from the party but these are not official party policies ofcourse . 
  lol do you really believe that ? 
  not all muslims are really same . 
  we all have different lifestylies and cultures . 
  every region in this country have its own micro culture . 
  you may see a gay pride and sharia support rally in the same day . 
  actually you ca n't condiser turkey european or asian . 
  it 's too multi-cultural and socially diversified country . 
  culturally european = christian ? 
  you ca n't find so much pro-erdogan turkish redditor in here . 
  majortiy of us hate him . 
  most of turks are quite nationalist people . 
  there are two side in turkish politics . 
  secular progresive nationalists vs islamic conservative nationalists thats why they responded to you like that , not because they are pro-erdogan . 
  yes , they can learn kurdish language in public schools if they want . 
  before 2000s kurdish people do n't have their basic rights . 
  noone could even speak about their rights ( it was taboo ) and after akp goverment ( 2001 ) , public opinion of kurdish rights improve so fast . 
  noone can imagine that much progress in such a short period of time . 
  but they still have right to protest their goverment . 
  you should accept it . 
  why not ? 
  every people should have right to protest their goverment . 
  elected goverments can do a lot of anti-democratic things too . 
  my country is biggest example for that . 
  sorry , after 5 years erdogan dictatorship , i ca n't stand any kind of ban anymore . 
  what about other people 's freedom ? 
  you need to develop empathy skills . 
  lol , i never say that we are a free or democratic country . 
  majority of people are democratic enough but because of economic and security reasons people had to re-elect his party . 
  ( security  economy  freedom ), 
  what a shame for a european country . 
  no freedom , far away from liberalism . 
  `` they should sink all refugee boats . '', 
  , '' defend the borders , kill them all . '', 
  welcome to the mind of a right-wing person . 
  did you check the link before remove it ? 
  it was totaly different than other post . 
  please be more careful while doing your job . 
  not surprised, 
  yes we still have far way to go . 
  for example , only 40 % of turkish people are against banning homosexual relationships but atleast we have great potential . 
  i did n't lose my hope yet . 
  why ? 
  , are you ignorant or turcophobic ? 
  not all akp voters are hardcore conservative or pro-erdogan . 
  after pkk and isis terror attacks , people wanted the security before everything ( better economy or liberal reforms ), 
  nuh , it was 41 % in total ( june election ) , 33 % among the youngsters . 
  young turks are more easy-going and moderate . 
  % 67 of under 28 years old turks did n't vote for akp in june . 
  he may try but he could n't do it before with 311 seats and akp lost the majority because of this reason in june .
