  this time people support them for the safety and better economy . 
  it is risky politic even for erdogan ... 
  if he lose the referandum , there will be not a second chance . 
  akp has 317 seats in the parliment . they need 13 more seats to demand a referandum . 
  it is hard to happen already . 
  it is more complicated than this . 
  i am really sorry about it already . 
  `` war on terror '' style politics won again but i still do n't lose my hope . 
  turkish people are becoming more educated and liberal . 
  i am trusting young people of my country . 
  http://survey.konda.com.tr/rapor/konda_7haziransand%c4%b1kvese%c3%a7menanaliziraporu.pdf page 75 or 73 , hdp voters are as religious as mhp voters . 
  just 25 % of them are religious conservative . 
  but hdp is a left party . 
  i 'm not talking about their voters . 
  i expect 40-42 % left vote in this election . 
  cyprus and turkey culturally so close to each other . 
  `` huge opposititon ''  wrong info check this link -- https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/33dzfg/eu_countries_in_favour_green_and_against_red/, 
  so what ? 
  do n't you know anything about international politics , relations and the history ? 
  this land is bigger than some eu countries and 11 million people ( half of istanbul and all turkish thrace ) live in there . 
  main coup general ( kenan evren - old president of turkey - ) was judged after akp took the majority and sentenced to life . 
  impossible . 
  kurdish party will pass treshold again . 
  he ca n't take that much seats while 4 party are in the parliament . 
  there are 2 type of nationalism in turkey : secular nationalism and religious nationalism, 
  it was introduced by the millitary coup . 
  they want to keep out islamists and kurdish movements out of the parliment but it just did n't work . 
  and erdogan 's approval rating is 38-40 % . 
  55 % of the turkish people do n't approve him . 
  as the president of turkey , he has symbolic power . 
  he needs majority of the turkish parliment for being dictator . 
  it totally depens on the election result . 
  most of the turkish muslim people against it . 
  source : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jim-luce/secularism-surprisingly-m_b_212332.html even turkish people support secularism more than americans . 
  `` in the u.s. , a combined 55 % are willing to accept a christian nation at some level vs. 44 % who reject it , whereas in turkey a combined 32 % appreciate islamic influence in government vs. 57 % who reject it . '', 
  yes i know that too . 
  they are more conservative than us ( strange social evolution ) but they are mostly harmless people . 
  i just ca n't stand that some ignorant right-wing person blame other people for nothing . 
  damm it is not that bad ofcourse . 
  you missed the point . 
  turkey is not islamic republic , erdogan is not really islamist and turkish people do n't support islamic goverment . 
  erdogan just wants to be like putin but he ca n't because turkish people always support democracy and secularism . 
  he will lose more badly after 5 days just wait . 
  85 % of turkish people support secularism and most of the akp ( erdogan 's party ) voters support it too but turkish politics are more complicated than this ( anti-democratic secular goverments and bad economic past etc. ), 
  akp already lost majority in the parliment after recent events . they are not radical islamist or sharia supporters . 
  erdogan is like putin thats all . 
  yea nazis killed jews because of this reason , living with them goes against the most fundamental of human behaviour . 
  now what , do you support death camps for muslims too ? 
  anti semitism , anti-muslim sentiment , same shits again in europe . 
  do n't say lies please . 
  this is imposibble . 
  you ca n't even find 10 % turkish isis or sharia supporter . 
  turkish muslims are conservative but they support secular goverments and rules . 
  they do n't have any kind of problem with it . 
  they went to europe from a secular country/goverment culture . 
  turks ? 
  i do n't like euro-turkish people so much too . 
  they are conservative people but they are far from being radical islamist . 
  they do n't support sharia . 
  most likely akp wo n't able to be majority on the november election and then chp will be the most possible coalition member, 
  some people = / = all country . from your words , i totally understand that we should not be like you . 
  ignorant and racist ... 
  racism and xenophobia , you should see a doctor soon . 
  in turkey there are 3 types of conservatism : 1 - islamic right non-secular , really religious , anti-west , supports religious schools and islamic values . 
  2 - centre-right : tradional values , secular , moderately religious , liberal economy and centre politics . 
  3 - nationalist-right : pro-turkey , patriots , anti-minority , secular , live in centre anatolian and big cities , mid religious , mostly working class men and young conservative people . 
  mhp voters are far more educated and younger than average akp voter and chp-akp coalition far more likely to happen . 
  yes guys , not all muslims are same . for example kenyan christians are more radical than british christians . 
  you ca n't generalize all of muslims . 
  saudis share the same islamic view with isis . 
  he likes `` secularism '' only under his control . 
  i think atleast 85 % of population support secular state but not all of them are kemalist . 
  big part of erdogan voters also support secular state but they are conservative . 
  erdogan definetly did n't like atat\u00fcrk but imo he does n't really hate secularism . 
  welcome to ottomanist bullshit . 
  russia and turkey are totally different countries . 
  if you check turkish politicial history , you will understand . 
  russia did n't even have healty elections before 90s . 
  they do n't have basic voting culture yet . when economy goes bad russian people will believe putin becasue of the anti-western culture . 
  their minds still live in old big russia days . 
  turkey is totally different story . 
  your biggest fans might become your biggest enemy if economy went down . 
  turkey historicly ca n't afford to lose west or east . 
  their minds still living in the east . also majority of turkish immigrants does n't even vote . 
  only old generations tend to vote . 
  it is n't a civil war . 
  pkk does n't have enought support from kurds . 
  they small terrorist group . 
  they need support of majority armed kurdish population to start a civil war . 
  because they are easiest target everyone hate kurdish party . 
  noone will defend them . 
  chp mhp voters also hate kurdish party so erdogan can attack them easly . 
  main opposition have far more stronger support in the public . 
  attacking main opposition means civil war . 
  this means civil war . 
  erdogan definetly against banning political parties because he knows that it will make them even stronger than before . 
  after all he is a hardcore populist . 
  population of syria was 17 million people ( before the civil war ) population of istanbul is already 15 million people . ofcourse you will see more hijabs in turkish cities . 
  balkan muslims and turks are most progresive muslim societies in the world . 
  syrians are also moderate enought imo .
