   look at how much trouble a shitty mercenary army like isis can cause , now add state backing , formal training , a properly developed command structure , a strong military tradition , and 4x the numbers of isis . 
  it 's not insignificant . 
  they do n't have formal training . just couple of city boys who have to do their millitary duty . 
  none of turkish leaders ca n't risk life of these people because it is basicly political suicede . 
  turkish population always tend to be against any kind of war . 
  noone wants to risk life of their children . 
  i a not pro-erdogan but these schools are gulen 's schools and there are a lot of gulenist public workers too . 
  we need a coalition goverment . 
  erdogan should n't control majority of parliment and the goverment . 
  they only care looks of people . 
  they care islamic look . 
  most of muslims actually only care vorshiping part of islam . 
  if you look `` islamic '' enought they will love you even you are corrupt or liar . 
  real problem of islamic word is this . 
  they look the world from only eyes of islam . 
  you have to see from all other perspectives too . 
  we are in 2016 . 
  they still defend some rules from 600s . 
  i defend freedom of being sinfull . every muslims responsible from himself . 
  we do n't need to ban anything . 
  if you like rules in saudi arabia , iran or any kind of sharia . 
  you just missing big point of islam imo . 
  74 % is really low for turkey . 
  some people like dictators from their political side . sad but the truth . 
  a lot of westerner actually were ok with a secular millitary coup . 
  just like that , a lot of conservatives islamists ok with defacto dictator erdogan . some people really like authoritarian leaders . 
  most of them ca n't see any alternative or brainwashed by erdoganist media . 
  most of nun-turkish muslims can be easlly accepted as hardcore islamist in turkey . 
  yea i hate non-turkish muslims for loving him . 
  they really believe that people hate erdogan because he is muslim ( opposition of turkey is muslim too but from their eyes only erdogan is muslim . 
  ) . there is huge anti-west sentiment ( they blame west for basicly everything ) in r/islam and most of them actually support some of isis style sharia rules etc . 
  i said you can still find true sample size from any kind of source . i can find enought uneducated , rural , 40 + age people in internet too . 
  if i care demographics of turkey perfectly , survey will give us right results . way to find these people is not important . 
  ... 63 province .42 % akp supporter is not something unexpected . 
  please read end of the article . they explained how they did the survey . 
  63 province 2.8 k people gender , education gaps etc . 
  you do n't know anything about statistic . 
  you just need to find perfect example of big data . 
  way to find that example is not important . 
  you can use anything app , telephone call , face-to-face , you just need to create a mini-turkey . 
  nuh actually he got 41 % in june and then he got 49.5 % in november ( thanks to pkk ) . 
  51 % was the presidental elections ( 2014 ) . 
  most of turkish people did n't even vote . 
  president have symbolic powers in turkey . 
  erdogan pushed his limits . 
  he lost the majority after that . 
  seems like opposition also support it . 
  everyone might have own reasons . 
  a gift from our last military coup . 
  they wanted to stop islamist and kurdish parties go into parliment . 
  well it did n't work . 
  to give voice to the general public and to monitor the social sentiment in real time , the poll was launched an hour after the news broke on friday night . 
  between 15 and 17 july , 2,832 people participated in the poll from all around the country , expressing their opinions and expectations . 
  regardless of who is behind it , an astonishing majority of turkish people ( 82 % ) makes it clear that they are not supporting a military rule . 
  while over 40 % would like erdo\u011fan to remain in power , 58 % would like to see a new leader in government . 
  28 % expressed their sympathy towards adopting the islamic law . 
  72 % of the population disagrees in favour of a secular rule of law . 
  40 % of erdogan supporters in favour of a secular rule of law . 
  overall , 58 % of the general public thinks that death penalty should be reinstated in the country . 
  overall , 59 % of the general public think that erdo\u011fan 's executive presidency would destabilise the country further . 
  only 8 % of turkish public expect their economic conditions to get better in the next 6 months , with 66 % bracing themselves for a tougher economic environment in coming days . 
   a massive economic crisis will follow and `` the west '' will be the scapegoat like always . 
  turkey is not russia or pakistan . turkish people will blame the ruler party as always . if you know our politicial history , you can easly see that . 
  erdogan himself already was elected because of a economic crises . blaming west wo n't work in turkey . 
  historicly we always try to have good realationships with west and east . it is historical role of turkey . 
  blaming west only works in old eastern block countries . 
  nevermind you are too ignorant . 
  i ca n't argue with you . 
  it is not that simple . 
  erdogan actually plays islam card for more votes . he only believe himself . 
  it is really hard to see from western side . 
   christian politics does n't impede social progress anywhere near as much as islamic politics does . 
  islam demonstrates regression in every society in which it is prominent there is not a single difference between them . 
  do n't fool yourself . 
  you just hate islam thats why you think like that but i know how bad christian conservatives are . erdogan 's party as conservative as your christian parties . 
  he is more authoritarian leader just like putin . 
  i hate erdogan too but please stop '' turkey is becoming sharia islamic country '' bulshit please . 
  turkish islamist are moderate if you compare them with arabic islamists . 
  erdogan as conservative as your ( any western country ) right-wing leaders . 
  akp is n't more religious socialy conservative than republican party . 
  people will elect erdogan 2.0 after coup . 
  it will change nothing . people 'll blame the coup for everything . 
  let the people make a decision and regret from it . 
  otherwise they will always elect another right-wing leader . 
  it means something lol . 
  majority of russians still miss soviet union days . 
  russian people do n't have political culture as much as turkish people . thas why they let putin rule the country like supreme leader . erdogan have to play his cards so carefully . he is smart politician . 
  he plays the game well . 
  still not as popular as putin . 
  turkey wo n't be russia . 
  putin is extremly popular in russia . totally different history , culture , country . 
  erdogan lost parliment majority 1 years ago . 
  noone knows what gon na happen next . 
  he might even lose a presidental election . 
  key supporters of his party nationalist-centrist , centre-right people . 
  they can change side any moment . 
  esspecially in a economic crises . 
  none of the politicial group support a coup in turkey . lefties , nationalists , kurds or islamists . 
  all hates coups . 
  russia and turkey are so different . our democracy is older than russia .
