  they 're also the most industrialized . 
  in fact , some historians and military strategists always doubted germany could be integrated in the eu . 
  they 'd always pointed that the only way it would happen would be for germany to integrate them . 
  as they would eventually dictate terms on account of their economic and population weight . 
  but that also would be hampered by the uk ( big island status ) . 
  that 's part of what 's happening now . 
  a genetic british predisposition to be weary of germany . 
  even today , other countries pose reservations because of germany 's aggressive past . 
  poland is a good example . 
  that guy clearly has a racist agenda . 
  but some of what he said is true . 
  by joining the eu , portugal and other now ailing southern countries were `` forced '' into buying from other eu partners . 
  the military sector or even the transportation sector are good examples of it . 
  portugal would have made far better deals buying weapons and trains from the us or china than from dutch , german or french companies . 
  but guess what ? 
  we did buy eu products and our compensation is ? 
  being labeled as pigs , lazy second class citizens . 
  you have to be blind to not see whats on the horizon . 
  i agree this is incidental . 
  i keep saying that over the constant racism resurfacing over these issues , yet the discussion always centers that . 
  but now there is an obvious interest in dragging along in the current state , which i doubt has not influenced the current german policies . 
  it just happens that the strongest economies are better placed to drain the imf and ecb funds . 
  and that 's what is happening . 
  german and french banks and even most national banks that buy sovereign debt on the markets are becoming exceedingly rich from that and most probably trying to recover from the 2008 market collapse . 
  germany enjoys a 2 % rate while portugal 13 % , spain 6.4 % and italy 7.5 % . 
  this is the a national division can be made , between those with a different rates . 
  not language , not culture or borders . 
  as for germany being the main contributor , i do n't agree with . 
  if anything , germany profited from the eu , the euro and now its banks are profiting from this zombie state . 
  keep in mind the german reunification , those violent successive deficits , and of course , the ww2 legacy which will never go away . 
  perhaps they use that same argument of yours to rationalize the current exploitation . 
  either way , it would have happened eventually . 
  this was expected and is now a question of maximizing profits before it all hits the wall . 
  the only way is to drastically reshape the eu , put a leash on the markets . 
  kill the offshore business . 
  suspend derivatives trading if needed and audit the big funds that are leveraging for any country 's default . 
  put an end to all conflicts of interest in governing bodies and there are a lot of them . 
  enforce public accountability . 
  enforce transparency . 
  constitutional change . 
  a broader public dialogue and not just closed door summits where shady deals are being made without public consultation and that always result in austerity for the majorities . 
  true , but the german economic might happens to be so far invested in other eu partners , that they ca n't let those economies fail . 
  but perversely enough , keeping those countries in a comatose state is very healthy for them . 
  it has become very profitable for this * strongest * of economies to profit from the current eu ruling chaos and ratings insanity . 
  it 's not just from wall street that hostile takeovers on the planet are being launched . 
  german banking is in for it also !, 
  and damn the consequences . 
  of course not !, 
  money has no sense of patriotism . 
  this is n't about patriotism . 
  it 's about big capital , which happens to exist more abundantly in germany and other larger countries . 
  remember that those high interest rates that have plagued ailing countries ? 
  well , they 're all being taken in by the banks , making record profits from that . 
  it 's a highly profitable situation for any bank , particularly the big ones !, 
  the ones that are n't allowed to fail and will get as many bailouts as possible . 
  it 's a perversion being indulged by corrupt officials of the eu . 
  banksters rule the planet . 
  they sit on the boards of banks and in governing bodies . 
  no one dares call out this conflict of interest . 
  just look at this monti fellow recently nominated in italy . 
  former goldman sachs !, 
  the same goldman sachs that engineered the greek crash and ill advised a lot of now economically depressed countries . 
  does n't this acceptance of an haircut of 50 % tell you something ? 
  it means profits will still be greater than in a normal regulated non-corrupted market . 
  no free lunches here . 
  but no matter what , this gorging on public debt will not end until everything and everyone is either in ruins or privately owned by a elite few . 
  any fiat based economy is bound to fail , because there are non-negotiable natural and mathematical limits . 
  it 's going to accelerate because markets ( dictated by big players ) greed knows not when to stop . 
  it keeps on feeding , whether it 's toxic debt or not . 
  bring on the downvotes if you will but this is going to end badly if proper leadership comes along , and i do n't mean a dictatorship . 
  monti is a bankster . 
  his allegiance is with the big capital . 
  he is a former goldman sachs employee , the same goldman sachs that thrashed greek debt and engineered this mess . 
  he has also been a goldman sachs top adviser on italy 's debt and look where italy is now . 
  i 've pointed this out in another post about monti and got downvoted by the the vacuum heads of r/europe . 
  at this point , whenever the markets like someone , it 'll definitely be a bad choice for that country in the mid or long run . 
  that raises yet other interesting questions . 
  france 's economy is large and quite fragile . 
  they 've survived so far not by economic hards facts or reasoning but by lobbying or raising the heat on the rating agencies ( some of which are comprised of french capital ) . 
  their social state is huge and multicultural model is beginning to break down , despite sarkozy right leaning policies . 
  a [ study ] ( http://www.eubusiness.com/news-eu/finance-economy.dic ) publish this week hinted at such frailties . 
  you see , large economies used to bully markets unlike small economies that have no leverage !, 
  but that age is quickly coming to an end because there is so much money to be made by putting the heat on these economies . 
  they 're on to the big players but they are being too greedy and risk slaying their golden goose . 
  god help us all , right ? 
  not really , its good that this happens quickly instead of dragging over decades . 
  maybe there is a chance the eu will emerge even stronger . 
  i doubt it , because corruption and lobbying pro financial groups is strangling the decision making . 
  as for the bigger picture , we 're living the great normalization that results from globalization . 
  so , with outsourcing of services and external players dumping cheaper products in the west , you add the technological shift that automates manufacturing and virtualizes or scripts yesterday 's human performed jobs . 
  who can keep up ? 
  maybe the younger generations . 
  finally , add the non negotiable natural limits our planet has and you have a recipe for disaster . 
  we must adapt or simply degenerate into chaos and suffering !, 
  the eu is showing lack of leadership . 
  they ca n't see past their own political agendas and are basically hostage to the financial markets . 
  it will have to be the people demanding change on the streets or else it wo n't happen . 
  i have hope , though . 
  his primary interest will be to please the markets and not to upset the status quo by pursuing worthy rational sustainable long term economical policies . 
  he will not look to reform the fundamental issues that spawned the whole situation or even raise the issue amidst eu leaders .
