  but i 'm willing to bet many of those have health insurances . 
  the ones i know certainly do and i even helped a few get one . 
  it 's true . 
  while in spain i visited some parts that seemed like a hot sunny britain and it was great . 
  they seemed so happy and to spend your senior years that way is just great . 
  just to show that it 's hard to be productive and disciplined in 35\u00bac sunny and beautiful coastal countries . 
  unlike germany or denmark , where working will help keep you warm , sane and distracted from the painful dark and somber climate . 
  but , while a million pensioners in spain may be excellent for spain 's economy , it is terrible for the uk !, 
  it 's money paid by the uk gets sent and spent in spain . 
  that adds to the economic woes of the uk . 
  those are pensions being paid by the uk and spent outside the uk . 
  edit : just like to add that these will also be spending their lifetime savings or even transfering existent bank deposits . 
  the money earned and saved through a lifetime , now being invested now invested abroad . 
  not just a pension system woes , but the entire economy . 
  i suspect it will work out for them . 
  their economy is pretty much rock solid and now they can choose whoever they let in . 
  and no one is going to restrict swiss business or visitors , because they want their money . 
  i would like the eu to rethink the schengen area and prevent abuses . 
  just because you can does n't mean you should move to a different country without any plan or at least some help or guidance . 
  that just does n't help people . 
  and right now there are plenty of desperate people taking risky chances and ending up much worse than they thought possible . 
  finally , without addressing the roma problem , the eastern mafias or the illegal migrants in southern europe , this is just going to get worse . 
  and seeing the swiss succeed will probably put the heat on the eu and empower/enable even more right winged movements/policies that will spill far beyond immigration issues . 
  yes , democracy !, 
  what do they expect ? 
  only benefits and upsides ? 
  who do they think they are ? 
  rich bankers ? 
  the oil will run out . 
  and that fund is too enticing to banksters and other white-collar crooks . 
  it will likely disappear faster than the oil . 
  ladies and gentleman , erdogan the thug . 
  too bad about our flag though ... 
  humanity is so fucked . 
  when governments realize the gravity of whats actually happening in the biosphere while they so happily serve themselves , it will be too late and a planetary wide chaos will ensue . 
  i 'll be surprised if modern society survives past 2050 . 
  enjoy your polonium laced coffee any day now . 
  what ? 
  you got it all backwards buddy . 
  the politician or the immigrants ? 
  i agree it 's silly and your comment is spot on . 
  even if it 's an atonement policy , it 's long expired and makes you wonder how the taxpayer money is being spent . 
  they should build it on the moon . 
  it has excellent conditions for particle physics experiments and would be a safer way of experimenting . 
  we 'd also finally get that promised moon base . 
  i watched the debate too and i see people like ken ham as dangerous if given any legislative weight . 
  the amount of non sequiturs are just too much for even to consider debating . 
  they do n't even hold against the laziest high-schooler 's scrutiny . 
  in portugal , a catholic majority country riddled with clergy and churches , i was educated reason and science !, 
  darwinism and neo-darwinism were thoroughly explained and presented as the most serious of theories put forth so far . 
  creationism was mentioned but mostly for historic worth and not for religious appeasement . 
  this is in a country where nuns and priests often head schools and education . 
  in social and religious studies , which was mandatory then , the attitude was quite open , and more prone to spirituality and humanism than dogma . 
  countries like cyprus or turkey , who punishes teachers for teaching evolution are just crippling the evolution of human civilization . 
  how does one expect these people that follow nonsensical beliefs to be reasonable in other areas ? 
  their beliefs would override any sort of dialogue or compromise . 
  i do n't support banning religion , but i do support mandatory freedom from indoctrination to all children , along with free education and mandatory science , philosophy , communication and ethics from early ages . 
  but to do so , would just invite extremists to start putting bombs in primary schools , taliban style . 
  i 'm sure it will be really funny when the chinese empire ( their words , not mine ) delivers it 's true intentions on the world , as this icelanders words imply . 
  perhaps then , the british navy will , once again mind you , land on their shores to `` bail '' them out . 
  it will be a barrel of laughs . 
  all this `` nordic poster boys do no harm , ever ! '', 
  mentality does very little to convince me . 
  please remain objective and grounded in reality . 
  all the love for icelanders and iceland , obviously . 
  before my words get distorted or polarized ... 
  `` the british project , by contrast , probably wo n't be over until your children today reach retirement age -- when the chinese empire has completely swallowed and digested you . '', 
  said by someone whose country is currently in the process of being purchased by china to build secret military bases and airstrips . 
  under the guise of hotels and golf courses ... 
  nice . 
  these maps do great to do away with silly stereotypes . 
  downvote ... 
  love the din family . 
  all i can think of that can be pinned on you is your financial sector . 
  london is corrupting the entire planet with fowl banking practices . 
  i 'd like to add the the eu commission is hardly exempt from this . 
  in fact , high level corruption is by far more damaging than administrative corruption and a more worrying trend . 
  top level officials dancing in and out of positions towards banking and corporate jobs is hardly inspiring , as are policies that are unequivocally tailored towards the big lobbies . 
  just a small example . 
  up until 2010 , the eu was actively advising the already economically struggling countries to contract huge loans and build big infrastructure , privatize natural resources and renew their military . 
  these were all done at ill advise from large financial firms like goldman sachs , jp morgan , hsbc , etc. 
  this is widely known and criticized by former prime-ministers . 
  and these all agree that germany has a sinister part in all this mayhem . 
  still , it should be very much a part of your history and culture . 
  amazingly , it does n't have much weight at all . 
  where is all the generational hatred and mistrust ? 
  please do tell your secrets . 
  it would fix a lot of things across europe . 
  even with the media hypothesis that the british erased their actions from the media and history books ... 
  it should have a magnifying streisand-like effect , particularly these days everyone is picking fights to vent . 
  ( i 'm against all that and think you 're great in moving on ), 
  knowing our great european leaders political capabilities , they 'll just outlaw homelessness and the problem will magically go away . 
  the irish sure are very forgiving . 
  these are the kind of things that i would think would never be fixed . 
  by getting shot on the streets . 
  that 'll change europe alright . 
  more people will begin seeing the real europe - the old europe that never left . 
  a europe of schemes , treachery and power plays . 
  at it 's heart , a corrupt and criminal eu that sells its citizens to the highest bidder . 
  that compromises with thugs .
