  it has not caused grievance because nothing of value has been discovered , but it could and likely will . 
  oh , i understood the age group as only the women . 
  its not so simple as corrupt politicians . 
  the corruptors should also be dealt with . 
  and the eu did very little to discourage this and in fact , prior to the euro crisis and in answer to the lehman crash , the eu told eu governments to increase spending in all areas , including social . 
  now the eu is set on the reverse . 
  but the countries with the fragilest economies are choking with debt , which i consider odious , and unsustainable interest rates . 
  the economy is dying out and everything is being given through privatization at garage sale prices . 
  growth is n't coming back , not without a major setback or hitting rock bottom . 
  why would the eu do this ? 
  would you attribute this to economical immaturity , tough luck ? 
  how can an economic powerhouse for 60 years , with plenty of institutes , regulators and auditors not self-diagnose itself ? 
  i suspect it was all pre designed . 
  a fatally wounded eu is bleeding billions into the pockets of a few . 
  follow that money and you 'll find the attackers . 
  hurt the interests of those who profit from someone else 's misery and regain control of the economy . 
  there are many to blame in spain , portugal but also in germany , uk , netherlands , us , china , japan ... their nationality is that of money . 
  a predatory financial sector seems to be above the law . 
  it is transversal to the eu and the political classes , permeating everything , from local governments to overseeing agencies . 
  and if there is money to be made in war or further eu turmoil , be sure that it will happen . 
  we should overlap this map with local male life expectancy statistics before jumping to conclusions . 
  now , if germany were to become israel ... that would be something !, 
  similar deals happened in portugal before a bank got a bailout . 
  our president and his daughter cashed in on stocks at a much higher returns than regular market prices !, 
  this was just before the crash and he has yet to justify his actions or give those ill-gotten gains . 
  he also made a direct exchange of his house with a villa and had to pay a 10 % tax of 8000 euros . 
  which means the price difference between those two real estates was 80 000 euros !, 
  who in their right minds trades a villa for an older and much much cheaper house ? 
  given the pettiness and vindictive nature of that man and that our country is on top of netizen data request , i could get screwed for this . 
  oh wait a minute !, 
  i 'm already screwed anyway ... 
  seriously , protest every corrupt politician hypocrite there is . 
  bravo mate . 
  here 's a fine port toast to you . 
  [ help by signing the petition to put the heat on germany , the uk and other countries . 
  ] ( http://www.avaaz.org/en/hours_to_save_the_bees/ ), 
  the more antibiotic , the bigger and faster the mass build ( fattening of the animal ) . 
  scientists are n't even 100 % sure why . 
  personally , i avoid them and have n't taken any kind of antibiotics since decades ago ... but i know people who take them for everything , from the flu to back pain . 
  even doctors prescribing them just to ease the people . 
  tragedy of the commons ... just google what mrsa or tb does and it should freak out anyone !, 
  if a strain mutates into a slow progressing pathogen , highly contagious and resistant to everything ... think about it !, 
  a big part of civilization can be eaten alive in a single generation . 
  crippled beyond recovery . 
  meat is a business . 
  profit comes first . 
  who does n't ? 
  everything about any kind of regulations in the eu is a joke and a bad one . 
  a few : 0 - politically uninterested population and growing lack of civic virtues . 
  distrust of everything and particularly the ruling elites . 
  1 - radical islam and nuclear/biological / chemical terrorism . 
  laugh , but it will happen . 
  2 - disputes in energy and materials/resources will likely lead to wars with other economic alliances . 
  3 - resources to sustain a population of a billion or more people . 
  4 - planetary climate chaos bringing down infrastructure and creating waves of refugees . 
  5 - pandemics . 
  not a change of heart . 
  they realized the head scarf flags them as muslims , making them easier to control and to provoke as well . 
  close to 5 % of portugal has emigrated since the crisis hit in 2008 . 
  welcome slovenia . 
  grab plough . 
  we plant potato to survive winter , ok ? 
  the people of cyprus and germany are correct in their basic claims . 
  but all this is due to reckless behavior and a reckless culture established among the financial elites . 
  these have seduced the political actors into absurdities and gross injustices over the last decades . 
  legislation and courts do n't dare touch them . 
  and this culture of high level recklessness permeates governments , political parties , corporations , banks , football clubs , and is still allowed . 
  linux had the chance to change the world but it failed because it affords no lobbyists . 
  bill gates could give away his entire fortune and that still would n't atone for the technological setback he imposed on the world . 
  the words germany and accidental do n't mix . 
  quantity is of no importance . 
  to white supremacists it 's like adding a drop of oil into a glass of milk . 
  nobody wants to drink it ... 
  let 's make fun of my country now . 
  in my country , some firemen used to turn the sirens on so they could get home in time for lunch or even football . 
  and whenever an ambulance drove with sirens on , ploughing through heavy traffic , a couple of smart asses would always follow to escape the traffic . 
  luckily , this was reported in the news causing wide outrage and now hardly anyone does that . 
  much like what is happening in the article right here . 
  do n't worry , russians are highly respected . 
  what would the internet be without all that awesome dashcam footage ? 
  very rigid and labor protective laws . 
  because it 's not easy to fire someone , the number of temporary contracts and people in precarious and volatile situations has exploded . 
  so , anything that tickles the economy or even just cyclical events , and off they go . 
  a moving/renewing workforce also keeps wages low . 
  that and a huge asymmetry between regions . 
  far from urban centers , there are little jobs and spain has some pretty big areas in economic slumber . 
  funny enough , this huge discrepancy between a two tiered workforce is shared by portugal and spain . 
  bankers , lobbyists , industrialists , employer associations have all made sure this got like this . 
  punishing people and sentencing them to a life on instability because of profit and ideological sadism . 
  they think like many northern european do , and deem these people inferior and full of vices . 
  so they should be controlled and exploited . 
  it 's sickening !, 
  and a day will come when they 'll pay dearly for it . 
  yes it was . 
  it was also an intense growth period . 
  be my guest . 
  good riddance . 
  they 've been there before . 
  high unemployment , that is . 
  mass exodus .
