  but hey , it 's a good thing for , because i , and probably others , wo n't value any of them and your life can carry on with far less drama . 
  wolves in sheep 's clothing . 
  how anyone expects these to advance society is beyond me . 
  yes , because not calling them what they are has actually produced wonderful results . 
  let me guess , male , right ? 
  when was the last time you had a pregnancy problem ? 
  oh , that 's right , only wonderfully planned lives are contemplated in this piece of legislation . 
  health issues , sexual abuse , sometimes , immaturity or just simply the sudden loss of income to support another child . 
  all things that can land a woman in trouble . 
  have some empathy towards the women and give this issue proper relevance . 
  you have no idea what 's at stake and how this robs women of their individual freedom . 
  i agree that it appears to devalue the word at first . 
  but only because you are not fully grasping what 's at stake here . 
  also , the definition of fascism is quite vague and we can certainly have degrees of fascism and civil and human rights abuses . 
  it may also make people think about political ideology vectors and recognize how unreasonable and how oppressive towards the individual freedom certain political stances can get . 
  they have no right to condition something so fundamentally intimate and that should be a woman 's choice . 
  women are not cattle or baby factories . 
  they are not the quick solution to the social security and demographic problem . 
  if they do n't want abortions , they can bring back the 5000 euro incentive for child birth . 
  but they do n't want to attract more migrants and scammers nor tackle having to draft discriminating legislation and get in trouble with the eu or pass as racists . 
  and they should keep catholic influence out of the legislation . 
  if they want spanish women to procreate more , try spending money in giving them the conditions for it , instead of bailing out crooked banks and exempting corporations from just and due taxing . 
  these are all fascist tendencies and fascist misogynistic legislation . 
  at least they can still go to portugal , which is relatively close , and carry out abortions in clinically safe conditions , instead of back alley practitioners . 
  that is , until the right wing religious nuts this side of the border decide to criminalize it once again . 
  unbelievable civilizational setback being taken by spain . 
  europe is slowly becoming a fascists wet dream . 
  a large portion of that force were portuguese troops . 
  but yes , and the british , which spain left many times to fend for themselves against the french . 
  mind boggling , given they were helping you out ... 
  the peninsular wars are nothing to be proud of , if you 're a spaniard . 
  last time they tried ( 1809 ) , we threw them out of portugal . . and spain !, 
  maybe he 's just readying his troops for the looming french intifada . 
  i know of a certain cartoon ... 
  the one with the lit fuse coming from inside some guy 's turban . 
  so , hollande wants to pull a george bush ? 
  the cynic in me bets he has something in the works . 
  and this is either probably to push some corporate agenda or just stirr a few enemies towards france . 
  likely to divert attentions from something else , like his failing political career or popularity . 
  you mean baltic , right ? 
  edit : oh , i see what op did here . 
  nicely done !, 
  americans ... 
   so you 're saying they should n't be able to act in their democratic capacity because portuguese politicians fucked up ? 
  this will probably be the empty statement of the day . 
  it 's beyond vacuous because it justifies just about anything . 
  lots of countries have acted in their `` democratic capacity '' , and shaming mankind . 
  also , doing it does n't automatically make them right or in the benefit of the union . 
  but it was indeeed legitimate and deliberate in their choice , which is why i say these things and why certain things can not be mended and we must then remove ourselves from this union . 
  by all means , speak all you want . 
  it is i who should have stopped answering to you long ago . 
  sadly , i did n't read your username . 
  let the union disband then . 
  or at the very least agree with me that portugal should exit , instead of countering every single observation i make with vacuous rhetoric trying to justify sense what can only be attributed to , at the very least , political amateurism , let alone corruption and self-interest . 
  by all means , all your politicians can talk all they want . 
  it 's your constituents tax money , right ? 
  even when the eu commission and several representatives advise not to . 
  we have a word for that here - political profiteering . 
  or at the very least , political amateurism . 
  why bother continuing this unhealthy relation ? 
  it 's like between us , two redditors . 
  there is no common ground and we ca n't even agree to disagree . 
  cause for divorce , were we any married couple !, 
  portugal fucked up . 
  i agree to that . 
  but much of it was to do with foreign influence and foreign policies aimed to please only a selected few in europe . 
  it 's time we go on our way and just default on all this odious debt . 
  we have a prime-minister that changes his mind after every call or visit to ms merkel . 
  surely he must have our interests at heart , right ? 
  i , personally feel sick to my stomach to be a part of this eu . 
  i feel sick to be subject to political and xenophobic whims . 
  of course , you believe me to be the xenophobic one . 
  but i 'm not the one make distinctions based on culture or work ethics . 
  you can google and list the many accusations by foreign politicians implying the disgraceful worth of portugal . 
  some even continuously refering to us as `` the piigs '' . 
  oh , and i lack empathy ? 
  i have witness time and again , friends and family going under or abroad . 
  some even exploited and mistreated abroad . 
  guess what , i live in the ailing country and experience first hand the precariousness and despair . 
  the regression into a worst state . 
  the level of presumptuous crap you 're saying is unbelievable . 
  i , as business owner , am well aware of the fiscal violence being imposed on portugal . 
  and have dealt many times with citizens from eu member states . 
  not a friendly or even respectful bunch , if you ask me , but i should refrain from anecdotal experiences and not pass generalized judgments . 
  it is you who does n't understand ( or care ) about the lack of hope and social breakdown happening here . 
  what are you on ? 
  can any government function without debt ? 
  hell , even dprk has issued debt . 
  debt is something to be managed . 
  the problem is that the current paradigm resembles a game of chairs instead of following rational and sustainable principles . 
  also , the eu failed miserably to buffer any state from the open market vices and unregulated , criminal pratices . 
  and that happens because the greed cancer had spread into eu member states . 
  while i agree the country performed poorly , there was no principle of proportionality in the hike of interest rates . 
  hence me saying the eu is a failed union . 
  an inverted totalitarian entity . 
  it 's the only thing that explains the many nonsensical policies and practices . 
  the many voices from inside the eu , almost all different and pointing in different directions . 
  amateurism ? 
  or just being of political and financial interest ? 
  mr. schauble from germany did us in on various occasions , coming public with inflaming statements totally opposing ecb and even the eu commission .
