  i 've read too many stories like that . 
  of mistakes and abuses committed and lengthy autistic discussions . 
  enough to tread with caution . 
  i wonder if posting on this thread or on this subject will place you on some google 's shitlist . 
  too many eggs in someone 's basket is never a good thing . 
  and of course they 're not going to like it . 
  i believe the threshold for these breakups should be much lower as they hold too much power and influence over politics , legislation and overall society . 
  this chart is bullshit . 
  it should account for the allocation of those funds to private sectors . 
  where do those go ? 
  show nationalities . 
  show the names of the consortium 's and banking institutions involved . 
  everyone should know that to receive eu funding , countries must meet a big part of that funding financing themselves , from 50 % to 2/3 of the project . 
  somebody please show me that information . 
  it 'll be hard because it 's very well kept , i 'm to bet . 
  not only freedom to choose whoever carries out the project , be it large scale infrastructure or military assets , we often get it ( forcefully ) from eu partners at higher costs . 
  we 're doing worse deals than resorting to american , russians or chinese . 
  it 's corrupt because weaker countries have no such leverage when competing with eu ones . 
  in my country , most have given up and turned to africa , because the eu is taken for by cronyism 's and sinecures . 
  and if we take it up to ourselves , then the eu fines and demands we get in line . 
  so , we 're giving up farming , fishing and other key areas because they 're promised to others . 
  add to that the order from brussels up to 2008 to spend big time in infrastructure , even if unneeded . 
  it catalyzed the sovereign debt crisis and precipitated profits by those same corporate and banking institutions . 
  if we 're such a poor investment , then by all means , let us leave . 
  i 'd love to exit the euro and the eu . 
  bunch of corrupt xenophobic hypocrites . 
  making it seem like magnanimous aid to some poor country . 
  it 's not !, 
  it 's blood sucking that 's what it is . 
  there are no free lunches . 
  portugal should leave the eu and the euro . 
  and to default , obviously . 
  is anyone surprised here ? 
  the only surprise is why we have not anything about it . 
  things are pretty much the same with italy and the south bleeding money into the pockets of speculators . 
  putin : `` 22 % ? 
  that 's good enough for me . 
  i would 've invaded with as low as 3 % . 
  dmitry , start the tanks . '', 
  lube is a petroleum derivate . 
  i suppose it will run out quickly when we set out to build imperial walkers and star destroyers . 
  any day now ... 
  this is good news . 
  invest in renewables and energy efficiency systems . 
  that itself opens up an entire new economy to explore . 
  the eu is nothing but a crony system catering private interests . 
  they do n't talk , act or legislate in favor of the people . 
  they want careers , tax breaks for their side jobs and corporate sponsor buddies . 
  there are no selfless political leaders anymore . 
  only wannabe billionaires . 
  and if you wonder why the eu is such a good place to live . 
  i can tell it 's not because of the eu . 
  it 's because of the sophistication , work ethic , and resourcefulness of it 's people . 
  the eu institution is a zombie like entity under corporate and banking control . 
  it may have had a noble purpose once but that has been lost . 
  it now needs a serious overhaul . 
  i so want to buy an rv to drive around this place . 
  so much to see and enjoy . 
  how long until most countries realize that it is germany who 's destroying europe ? 
  bailing out their own banks and industries while keeping the periphery of europe , like junkies to a ill-designed opiate currency , perpetually on a lifeline while conducting an aggressive wave of privatizations there , that germany itself does not do on it 's soil ?!!, 
  feeding off these high interest rates and bleeding the european taxpayer of its money !, 
  and it does it while maintaining the appearance of being it 's most magnanimous contributor !, 
  how more distorted can this get ?? 
  and germany does this with the intent to favor german companies and german capital !, 
  these scoop up resources and often monopolies at garage sale prices !!, 
  companies get german government support and financing while portuguese , greek and spanish ones get flat out turned down or proposed abusive interest rates !, 
  germany keeps a wooden face and decries xenophobia while at the same time practicing xenophobic and discriminating economic policies . 
  this financial black hole was set up by wall street and being kept by germany to allow it to recover and grow from the 2008 debacle . 
  they should and will pay dearly for this . 
  they 're islamists . 
  `` a large russian community lives here '' rip czech republic . 
  corrupt and morally bankrupt islamist thugs . 
  the main opposition to this would be the ones crying racism at every single opportunity to do so and of course , radical islam . 
  it would be like painting a bulls-eye or giving them a new purpose in life . 
  secular values , education and education is not halal to those guys . 
  exactly . 
  channel all that resourcefulness and energy . 
  give them a good reason not to go to europe . 
  instead of worthless bank offshores , we could also setup certain tax havens , with free healthcare , free education and also a place of low cost industrial production . 
  allow companies to allocate a percentage of their production in those areas , through tax breaks , without exploiting people and giving them rights and better incomes . 
  education and training would become a necessity and while at first it could resemble past days of colonialism , most of the profit should be reinvested in those same places and others that would follow . 
  if it became slow at first , infrastructure could be a good starter to draw international corporate interest . 
  build hospitals , schools and universities . 
  water and drainage . 
  food crops . 
  all irradiating outwards from those coastal proto-cities . 
  this is much better than dropping aid to warlords to seize or just hand it to corrupt leaders . 
  i believe it would cost a fraction of what is currently being spent worldwide in aid . 
  i think it 's better than mowing down boats with machine guns or gassing them in concentration camps ( being suggested itt ! ) . 
  this is what will eventually be done if proper measures are n't taken . 
  god told them to have as much as possible . 
  there would be civil war in days . 
  we set up cities in african coast with close ties with local government . 
  special economic zones where immigration can be buffered and controlled . 
  a sort of example to follow the rest of their countries . 
  it would be proposed and more than likely accepted , given the amount of aid given for it . 
  alternatively , send them all to germany . 
  let their simplistic highly reductive and scoffing attitude towards multiculturalism deal with the matter . 
  this is an obvious reply to the many times they criticize eastern and southern countries on integration policies . 
  giving me a cynics reply ?
