  oh my ... why are n't those figures thrown up in the eu parliament ? 
  it should bring the whole house down !, 
  edit : yes , i know the degrees of autonomy here . 
  but even so ... 
  it should have political consequences , given the deciders are mostly ex politicians and the lack of regulation is appalling . 
  the cartelization was known ? 
  that statement alone implies we 're much further down the rabbit hole than before !, 
  did you know that after the 2008 subprime crash , euribor came down and has stayed there . 
  meanwhile banking spreads increased exponentially , as they went from 0.3 % ( pr\u00e9 2008 ) to as much as 9 % . 
  this means that a sudden rise in euribor , by the hand of mr trichet , will throw millions into insolvency ? 
  let me break it down . 
  it 's not cartelization . 
  it may have been in the past . 
  it is blackmail . 
  the atittude banks have today are comparable to those of a medieval loan shark . 
  they rose spreads and strangled families and businesses , stretching them even further across the debt spectrum and by doing that they counter any attempt to raise euribor . 
  there will not be an economic recovery under these circumstances . 
  and we 're looking at either qe/hyperinflation or just a brutal collapse of subprime middleclass/business . 
  either way , the eu and the ecb ca n't keep up their project under these conditions . 
  on one hand , it has the banking threat , on the other , it has the recession they caused and the collapse of european society . 
  eu does n't stand a chance . 
  it 's being bled dry by the cutthroat hoarding and relentless bankster culture . 
  a micro-minority holding all the cards . 
  the things you accept ... are by no means right or even lawful . 
  then again , modern banking practices defy the law ( and common sense ) in many more ways . 
  as for he second point you make , about banks not wanting to look bad , i 'd like to point out that being blatantly aggressive in their stance and demanding 100 cents on the dollar or whatever unbelievable position against their own clients or society , often reflects in a higher share value and a bigger bonus . 
  it 's not made up and can be looked up . 
  the more cutthroat your practices are , the better and wiser the financial adviser or manager of wealth . 
  it 's beyond proven and it 's becoming embedded in economy , finance and even politics . 
  as people do n't like to engage these issues and delegate . 
  people always love a fascist . 
  until they do n't anymore . 
  edit : typos, 
  no , thank you . 
  laughable . 
  this was a negotiated value between banks and the eu . 
  and the losses inflicted on the population far exceed those 1.7 billion . 
  a very similar news is this one `` zimbabwe gives chinese man $ 150 fine for $ 320 worth of ivory '' . 
  the zimbabweans at least got 46 % of the worth back . 
  the eu got a few points . 
  got ta keep them banks floating or minimally solvent , right ? 
  corporatocracy in it 's most hideous fashion . 
  unfortunately , these cops ai n't got nothing on portuguese and spanish police . 
  they beat up people much more savagely than here and that 'd just the normal officers . 
  special forces usually go after people with a sadistic vengeance and even bully them and family members long after incidents . 
  recently there were demonstrations in the stairs of parliament and everyone , teens and old women got beaten down like paper . 
  it was caught on cameras . 
  minister went on television and praised the eficiency , a.k.a cowardly brutality , with a more than likely hard on . 
  a day later , undercover agents were found to be the provocateurs of all the violence . 
  they were identified on multiple amateur videos . 
  the minister did n't step down and only blogs kept publishing this . 
  the media would n't touch the issue . 
  this government is downright illegitimate and oppressive . 
  on a `` funny '' side note , a few years ago , a guy got his head chopped off inside a police station/barracks . 
  they proceeded to cover it up and almost got away with it , had n't someone found the head later . 
  one can only dream ( nightmare ) what goes on inside these places . 
  a culture of abuse and constant stress that begins with violent and humiliating initiation rites and carries on through low wage stagnant careers ... 
  his gypsiness . 
  the issue is n't about the romanians or bulgarians , it 's about roma gypsies . 
  i know plenty hardworking fun romanians and beautiful romanian women . 
  i 'm sure nigel farage does too . 
  he also knows that criticizing gypsies will kill anyone politically . 
  roma make for over 5 million strong in those two countries . 
  it 's a nightmare scenario , even cameron and hollande recognizes it . 
  no women . 
  just roma gypsies . 
  millions of them . 
  you expected soldiers manning the gatlings and around the tanks while on the train ? 
  springtime for erdogan . 
  that islamistofacist thug . 
  these people are not animals or a horde of thieves . 
  it 's not theft nor is it a permanent occupation . 
  this is a political protest , and in my view , it 's as valid if not more than most protests . 
  politicians do n't want to address the masses , and so they send in the police to grind the protesters down . 
  that is more abusive and anti-democratic in nature . 
  to protest is a democratic right . 
  as is to occupy something for political reasons , particularly state property . 
  like / u/specofdust mentioned , that building belongs to the people a.k.a the state and not the government . 
   quantum states a global trend maybe ? 
  too long ; did n't click protesters in ukraine have stormed the kiev city council building as they oppose the government 's decision not to sign a deal on closer eu ties . 
  police are massing outside the building but they have yet to move in . 
  it comes as thousands of people have been marching to the capital 's independence square defying a ban . 
  protesters want the resignation of the government and new elections . 
  president viktor yanukovych says russian pressure was behind his decision not to sign . 
  the bbc 's david stern in the ukrainian capital reports from outside the city council head office that protesters broke windows to get inside the building . 
  ambulances were pulling up outside the building and there was an acrid smell of smoke , he says . 
  the protests started more than a week ago after president yanukovych suspended preparations for signing an eu association agreement that would have opened borders to goods and set the stage for an easing of travel restrictions . 
  mr yanukovych argued that ukraine could not afford to sacrifice trade with russia , which opposed the deal . 
  jailed opposition leader and ex-prime minister yulia tymoshenko earlier urged ukrainians `` not to leave the authorities ' actions unanswered '' . 
  she has been on hunger strike since monday over the failure to sign the eu agreement . 
  [ image 1 ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/71459000/jpg/_71459264_71459263.jpg ) | [ image 2 ] ( http://gdb.rferl.org/002c121e-0729-4e58-954b-78dd725d4a02_mw1024_n_s.jpg ), 
  i feel the last man standing will likely be of bare skinny feet , filthy and standing in 10 cm of garbage , mud and slime . 
  that or romper stomping across europe ( again ) . 
  somehow , i find it difficult to sympathize . 
  why not ? 
  if they 're freeloaders , then yes !, 
  on the other hand , taking our most skilled labourers is of a questionable benefit to portugal . 
  and not only demographically . 
  we invested a lot in each person education . 
  who reaps the bigger benefits ?
