  completely illegal and if it were to happen anywhere else , like france , the uk or even the us , the outcome would 've been very different . 
  imagine a separatist islamic republic in the heart of france or the netherlands . 
  or a polish state inside the uk . 
  they 're [ on to it ] ( http://euobserver.com/economic/117873 ) for some time . 
  honestly , the conversations i notice outside reddit do n't differ that much from what i read here . 
  if anything , / r/europe is exceedingly optimistic , apart from the easily spotted trolls ( open insults , new accounts reeking of negative karma and one-subject comment history ) that come and go . 
  i even suspected you as a troll on account of your naiveness . 
  thought `` great , another one trying to stirr the pot or trying to flush out the nationalists '' . 
  this is just distractful noise that serves the purpose of allowing extremists to dig themselves in all over europe . 
  what i would like to see is the supposedly moderate muslims take this issue in their own hands and denounce extremists . 
  it 's not happening and it wo n't happen anytime or anywhere . 
  the economic crisis only deepens the already many problems and this wo n't end well for anyone . 
  i 'm suspecting op is a troll . 
  i 've been called a piig regularly here and told to pay my debts . 
  have n't unsubscribed yet . 
  i must be a masochist . 
  op , do you think europe has a muslim problem or not ? 
  has multiculturalism been working ? 
  what about those wicked statistics about foreigners and crime ? 
  are they distorted and should be ignored ? 
  is n't social tension bad to ignore , for fear of escalation ? 
  debunk it please . 
  being called a bigot lightly and choosing to ignore the disturbing reality we have hardly solves anything . 
  it alienates people and devalues the word bigot . 
  i do have a problem with extremists and people refusing to integrate or insisting the same bullshit savagery time and again . 
  am i a bigot racist white supremacist neonazi for not liking other bigots that want to behead anyone who opposes them ? 
  i do agree some trolls here take it too far , though i 've sensed we 're being played for some sinister purpose . 
  the puppet you seem to praise in your comment is also a thief . 
  and of the worse kind . 
  the idiot and sadist kind . 
  an ideologue and a demagogue . 
  a man who radically changes his mind and political stances as soon as he leaves the airport at berlin . 
  a man who lied time and again to achieve his goals . 
  he has been stealing to maintain the status quo and to keep feeding his friends ( the one 's who he 's highly indebted to ) . 
  a man that never worked a day in his life , that rose from the youth party ranks and began working in friends company boards . 
  a man who graduated at 37 and has a poor rap of abuse and lack of control throughout his adult life . 
  but hey , the media machine has got his back . 
  the party 's image and pr machine have sold him as a solid dependable bloke with a soothing voice just right to sucker the voters in . 
  people who voted for these two big parties in portugal are fools of have something illicit to gain from his elections . 
  either that or the act of voting is hijacked . 
  keep on voting for them and protecting them online , be it either one or the other responsible for the economic ruin portugal has been reduced to in the last decades . 
  two parties that should be irradiated by the people and yet continue to lie and scheme their way into government . 
  we deserve every bit of hurting we get . 
  and do n't even mention the alternatives , that i 'm either pro this or pro that leftist party . 
  i 'm not . 
  i refuse to see the world in black and white . 
  i also refuse to be in a nation of suckers . 
   euro-crisis to blow up the eu and leave europe as one gigantic failed state with civil wars , leaving other nations to intervene . 
  exactly what i think could happen and in much less than 20 years time . 
  the outside intervention part will likely happen but with strategical alliances with outside power . 
  i can imagine a north versus south conflict happening . 
  chaotic guerrilla type warfare i 'm afraid . 
  i sincerely hope that you 're right and i 'm wrong !, 
  i honestly think things can escalate further down the spiral very quickly . 
  global conflict over resources is not something out of a sci-fi novel . 
  that hardly influences anybody these days and makes a very poor argument in anyone 's favour . 
  unavoidable ? 
  the european union is disintegrating and you believe that pipe dream of a single army ? 
  are you even european ? 
  where do you live , and how old are you ? 
  i never thought europe would be center stage for another global conflict , but i 'm reassessing that . 
  reminded me of the brazilian elections . 
  european politics are becoming freak show . 
  religion ** only ** changes from within . 
  through introspection and a deep analysis of its deeds over the centuries . 
  anything you throw at it will only harden beliefs and legitimize them . 
  this means we would have to wait a few centuries until islam is ready to be moderate . 
  trust me , we wo n't make it that far ... 
  you 're now probably on some european ultra-left hezbollah shitlist . 
  i do n't see it that way . 
  moderate muslims should not tolerate intolerance . 
  their silence towards such issues is deafening . 
  it is no religion of peace . 
  at the very least they 're a religion of selective indifference . 
  i know they were a minority protesting . 
  but i would love to see some muslims protesting against the barbaric things being done because of that stupid troll movie . 
  not to rain on op 's parade . 
  but this is happening outside reddit too . 
  in the real world . 
  specially among minorities that are usually marginalized and suffer the crisis first hand . 
  minorities are racist too and do n't be naive about it . 
  some do n't want to integrate , specially in these times . 
  extremist movements gain momentum in these times , garnering support from those that feel alienated . 
  also , europe goes further down the debt spiral , with jobs and living conditions worsening , particularly among the age groups that use reddit , its expectable to hear people vent about these issues . 
  reddit grows , so does r/europe . 
  say hello to mainstream culture and populism . 
  this is n't a black and white issue , there are complex social mechanisms at play and the only way to solve this is to solve the economic crisis , which wo n't be solved because we are living on borrowed time ( finite planet , infinite assholes ) . 
  history tells us this wo n't go away , no matter how much we debate it . 
  it is bound to explode . 
  think of this as a way of nature telling us to shrink in numbers or risk extinction . 
  conflict erupts whenever habitats are saturated or resources become scarce . 
  careful now , are you saying germans are generally better than everybody else ? 
  who in their right minds wants to be a part of this union ? 
  if heads do n't roll or change , then secede or disband . 
  it 's like it 's being done deliberately ill-mannered to crush european spirit . 
  i hope it blows up in their faces . 
  a melting iceberg ? 
  for anyone interested in [ oliven\u00e7as history ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olivenza ) . 
  do n't be fooled . 
  this a ruse to further more aggressive legislation .
