  these are the ones clinging to a broken unsustainable system of favoring , income inequalities , proselytism , cronyism and a whole lot of bad `` isms '' . 
  these are our politicians and presidents , our judges and high ranking managers , literally !, 
  these are the irresponsible ones , voicing themselves all over the place over these cuts and all over the rest of the majority of the population . 
  it 's disgusting to see that the ones that are truly being shafted are n't even being allowed to voice their opinions in what is a criminally biased media , held hostage by a crooked and immoral government . 
  of all the unconstitutionalities that rids this 2013 budget , we pick the rich pensioners issue ... 
  excuse while i puke in the corner . 
  i stand by the latest petition to end partisanism as requirement to be elected into parliament . 
  this has gone too far . 
  fuck these guys . 
  all of them . 
  serbs are grossly neglected and ill-viewed throughout recent european history . 
  and kosovo is becoming more and more a mafia state sponsoring terror campaigns and religious hate . 
  one day , not very far from today , france , the uk and even germany could have to deal with similar islamic states metastasizing inside of them . 
  we could have the same type of accusations here , instead of jews , we have freemasonry . 
  something is clearly going on here when well over two thirds of people in my government are freemasons . 
  the mere accusation of it is enough to get one banned , fired or silenced . 
  i 'm not questioning freemasonry , merely that groups tend to favor each other , more so in this group with all its history and the recent scandals . 
  this is most undemocratic and downright corrupt to me . 
  to me these are rich guys making favors to each other at the expense of the common citizen . 
  i also do n't think anything can be done about it anymore other than picking up arms , which me and many others would never do and would rather leave the country . 
  morality trumps nationalities . 
  it 's a question of principles . 
  the eu ca n't make use of moral or legal high ground without impaling itself . 
  similar laws exist within the eu , barring non-eu citizens from buying up key companies . 
  some stupid and vapid reality show . 
  that and `` troika troika troika ! '', 
  but seriously now ... this past week was all about shady privatization deals . 
  lack of transparency and bad negotiation skills ( obvious corruption ) from the government . 
  namely minister jos\u00e9 relvas . 
  he 's supposedly the new octopus running the show and his rap sheet/history stinks . 
  he 's pissing away most key sectors of the economy . 
  we have so many blatantly shady personas occupying office !, 
  and these have been involved in the most unbelievable scandals !, 
  they give evidence of really bad character and anywhere else in the eu , these would 've been thrown out of any government . 
  i guess this makes barroso right . 
  right after romania joins with turkey . 
  that headline ... 
  i just imagined a whole country stoned senseless . 
  i like my freedom of speech as well , but i draw legal lines when my children are being advertised and bullied online with the complacency of a rogue company . 
  how many times have facebook , apple , google and other internet company been warned by the eu to no effect ? 
  we all know the eu is ineffective , maybe it 's time to change that and show some muscle . 
  honoring an odious and highly speculative debt , that can never ever be repaid or remotely managed , even if we were miraculously growing at 5 % a year !?!? 
  all current economic indicators mean we 'll be killed in our return to the markets . 
  i doubt we can shake the  7 % barrier . 
  this is like managing stage iv pancreatic cancer . 
  it 's basically choosing how you get to spend those last remaining months until you ca n't handle the pain anymore and die . 
  it sure put instagram under the spotlight , so kudos for effectiveness . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , these companies should get a temporary ban in the eu for not complying with legislation and basic privacy . 
  all committed to profit and no commitment to users ? 
  are n't there ways , even if it means through human moderation ( hello jobs being created instead of algos ) , to prevent these situations ? 
  there are !, 
  their share-holders are just not interested . 
  ban them in eu . 
  did n't you notice ? 
  half of sweden youths are now muslim . 
  and they are offended for their halal hipster photos not being respected . 
  for standing up against bullying ? 
  and abuse ? 
  when did your/our generation ever did that ? 
  at least not gratuitously ... 
  this may seem ridiculous to those born in the 80 's but i can sympathize . 
  so , anyone who does n't agree with the intellectually poor `` smoke signals '' left by uat2d is a commie . 
  well , i 'm not a commie and i do n't agree with uat2d in this one . 
  replying a simple `` no '' and leaving it at that begs for downvotes by most redditors . 
  as for the matter in question , it 's quite obvious the government is burning out every option available that can allow the cronyism to endure . 
  when it can no longer fix things , they 'll resign , give way to the other party and further we go in this downward spiral . 
  downvote me all you want , but please , address me with words , not just arrows . 
  indirectly yes . 
  their first goal is not to reform the nation but to keep the steady flow of cash into the usual pockets . 
  and without any deep structural reform , that would save the country but kill their golden goose , that is only achievable by taxing the little guy !, 
  hence the middle class being taxed into xix century levels . 
  should be shown in infrared , like a singularity . 
  sucking the colour out of everything that crosses it 's event horizon, 
  figures ... 
  the income disparities here are enormous in most companies . 
  how they expect this to be any incentive 's when regular people ca n't survive from their salary and have to resort to an already poor family and often parallel markets for extra income . 
  in my country politicians really are all alike . 
  mind , this is not cynicism or cheap casual say . 
  we 're soaking in political corruption that fuels this asymmetry . 
  no one can come in with the idea to change things . 
  they 'd , via legal system and the media , would `` shoot '' him down in an instant . 
  hell , would n't even rise through the ranks of the political youths . 
  it 's that bad !, 
  i 'm surprised we have n't seen terrorism happening , given the injustice and abusive political behavior . 
  things only keep calm because half of the population is somewhat linked or dependent from the governments , which ties their reason . 
  ah , the much need space elevator everyone kept talking about . 
  this is europe . 
  have n't you seen any tv or newspaper in the last 10 years ? 
  the west is unknowingly at war with islam and the fundies know it and act accordingly as enemies of war . 
  this cultural grinding wo n't end anytime soon and will likely escalate . 
  try to interpret that phrase beyond its current connotation . 
  do n't label people for their use of semantics . 
  if you need to label them , at the very least do it for their ideas . 
  agree . 
  this is something we really need to handle before it gets out of hand ... and i mean radical islam . 
  it 's great . 
  too bad it does n't apply to foreign stuff entering the eu . 
  over here we have to respect civil rights , worker rights , family rights , manufacturing rights , producer/creative/copyrights , etc. 
  and still we get swamped by stuff made abroad by countries that respect nothing , commit atrocities of all sorts against its peoples and environment . 
  and all because ?
