  i 'm guessing it 's a cultural thing . 
  edit : we are a depressed people , hence not being pathologically proud of anything really . 
  portugal has similar ones and all with the portuguese guy doing the craziest things . 
  here 's a good one : so , an englishman , a german and a portuguese are auditioning for special task force that is about to test their loyalty in what they think is a harmless way . 
  the test consists of giving them a gun and making them go inside a shack and shoot whoever is in there in the head , no matter who it is . 
  what they do n't know is that the guns are loaded with blanks and inside the shack is each man 's wife . 
  in goes the englishman and after a few minutes inside he just bursts out in tears and promptly abandons the unit . 
  then goes the german takes a little longer inside but also leaves in tears and a mental wreck without firing . 
  he also is forced out . 
  in goes the portuguese ... after a while he comes out and says to the instructors . 
  the gun failed on me but luckily i had a chair at hand !!, 
  it 's done . 
  sign me up . 
  you live a sheltered life . 
  be grateful . 
  portugal has very little wildlife for consumption . 
  despite being 10 million or 5 million , if you go back a century . 
  the population density is much much higher than that of the us . 
  were it not for farming and mass starvation would likely wipe out a huge chunk of europe . 
  but , to it 's favor , portugal has a big fishing zone . 
  also , it 's continental location makes it vulnerable to invasions unlike the uk or the us . 
  so , despite not having been invaded recently , it has a long history of conflict that left deep scars in the landscape and in the culture . 
  and what troubles portugal is also that it 's caught between tugs of political and financial pressure . 
  nothing apart from deep seated corruption can explain why after a long period of thousands of tonnes of ores , spice , gems and precious metals pouring from former colonies , even as far back as brazil , still allowed portugal to need consistent financial aid throughout it 's history , particularly from britain . 
  we were kept on a lifeline by external influences and the active corruption of our courts and our politicians . 
  can you explain why ? 
  we were easy pickings and kept in a loophole of weak leaders . 
  we never had our great leader in these last 500 years . 
  a person capable of unifying . 
  we could have had a few but they were always shot down by the status quo when perceived as a threat . 
  portugal has no friends . 
  only people with shady interests to the likes `` dealers '' and loan sharks , but to a international scale . 
  it 's still the same today . 
  if one were to look at the reasons of why we need bailouts , it 's because the people 's interests never come first . 
  private ones do . 
  the eu come after and if there 's anything left , those scraps are ours . 
  i wo n't write off our blame . 
  it 's all ours . 
  we accommodated to our misery and that usually sends off bad signals . 
  the kind of signals that attract vultures and other opportunistic scavengers . 
  we should have made a bigger effort to get rid of this ailment . 
  all it would take is a succession of proper leadership . 
  a strong , charismatic and selfless leadership . 
  not the joke we have had over 30 or even 200 years . 
  we need to undergo big changes . 
  they suffer greatly from status anxiety . 
  the whole `` temporarily embarrassed millionaires '' thing . 
  they should read more philosophy , like seneca and epicurus . 
  all that ayn rand type objectivity is scary . 
  that would change if the us were ever subject to prolonged misery . 
  luckily , it never did . 
  at least not for long . 
  there were always ample space and natural resources to ensure the populations survival . 
  being somewhat isolated makes the us invulnerable to marching armies and constant political tugging from neighboring factions . 
  they actually share this with the uk . 
  sadly , history has a tendency to repeat itself . 
  what should you throw at a drowning spanish ? 
  the rest of his family . 
  do you know the difference between being a terrorist and being spanish ? 
  you can sympathize with terrorists . 
  a little time machine moment for you then : this is 2004 , portugal . 
  a and m are graduated out of college and found work ( the highly skilled kind ) in a big city or the capital ( obviously ) . 
  looking around places to rent or buy . 
  they find property prices extremely high in rent and are only accessible in mortgage mode . 
  the ones that imply you wedd yourself and all insurances , salary payments , bills , etc. , to a bank account . 
  these places outnumber the rent available places like 5 to 1 , due to a construction boom . 
  now , the same bank that brokers your mortgage and allowed you to afford living anywhere near those jobs guarantees the only reasonable solution for that moment . 
  now , a and m are not stupid . 
  they do n't want to jump in , but there are no alternatives !, 
  they both want a family and a one bedroom overpriced `` no control '' rent apartment with no garage is not family friendly and is barely affordable nor will it ever belong to them or is a safe investment because the law is shit and they can get evicted by numerous technicalities , not to mention most of these leases are fraught with illegalities/irregularities and no safety . 
  city hall are so thickly corrupted by landlords that this kind of thing gets away with impunity . 
  so , they have no choice . 
  they sign up their mortgages . 
  the bank guarantees everything and finances 110 % of the estate . 
  i do n't think i need to tell what happens next ... 
  it was n't available , dah . 
  do n't judge by your country 's standards . 
  today the spreads are higher yet the indexing is lower . 
  do n't you see that no matter how , we loose ? 
  banks have too much power !, 
  and they behave in a cartel . 
  and before white knighting for them , know that they hamper legislation on leases , youth subsidization and are involved in price fixing , urban taxation by government and even property prices/appraisals ( estimations of property 's worth ) . 
  this sounds like a bus stop talk but it 's actually true . 
  banks put themselves in win win situations and their goal is to expand their wealth , even if it means screwing people over or corrupting officials . 
  just because it correlates with demagoguery at the moment does n't mean it 's not true . 
  hell , they even get away with mass bailouts , which is taxpayer money , that will never be paid back . 
  i understand the role of banks but this has become so distorted , unethical , immoral , unreasonable and downright self-destructive , i fear we should ban banks from private sector or from being outside government domain and control - implying mass nationalization . 
  it would be a lesser evil . 
  all that expertise will come in handy back in denmark . 
  ya know , blowing shit up and murdering innocent people in the name of islam . 
  well , i own a house and sometimes wish i did n't . 
  should the ecb decide to ramp up the interest rate , i doubt many people could keep up with payments . 
  in 2006 , friends who owned and had 300 euro payments , saw that number almost triple in a couple of years . 
  from 300 to some 800 euros . 
  and all the while the banks kept pressuring for more loaning and bigger returns . 
  i had friends living on sandwiches ... 
  seems like they try to find the mathematical optimum maximum that allows them to bleed people of most of their money and still barely afloat . 
  it 's sickening that there seems to be no one looking out for the people 's interests . 
  tl ; dr mr. trichet has the power to kill off the middle class . 
  because being against porn has recently become the staple of fascism .
