  we also have hotdogs which can come with pretty much everything in them - corn , lettuce , mushrooms , chips , eggs , and mustard/mayo/ketchup toppings . 
  my favorite is the francesinha , a local delicacy of oporto , that consists of a couple slices of loaf bread , a thick steak , pork sausages and ham , fried eggs , sometimes prawns , huge amounts of melted cheese and soaked in an orange hot sauce made from beer , tomato and spices . 
  it usually needs a couple liters of beer to wash down and is served with french fries . 
  has probably between 2000 to 3000 calories . 
  it could be worse . 
  it could be like in saudi arabia, 
  people upvote this piece of news but abstain from commenting . 
  strange , is n't it ? 
  that 's because the downvote/ban hammer is strong when anti eu sentiment is at play . 
  think about it and how perverse it is . 
  and how well it mirrors the eu . 
  it 's sickening . 
  white walkers . 
  why not invest in a van ? 
  van dwelling is a viable option . 
  i once lived in old hatch back car . 
  at least in a van , you can have room for a bed and some privacy . 
  couple that with a regular non 24/7 gym and you 're set until better times . 
  it 's all about how many teeth can the bear have in europe 's back . 
  the more , the better for him . 
  hush now . 
  speaking bad of our germanic overlords ist verboten in this sub . 
  the future of europe . 
  enforce the law ? 
  end positive discrimination and freebies just because they 're gypsies . 
  things like land lots , strict welfare rules , the same for all . 
  ban child begging and the likes . 
  prevent tax evasion the same way non-gypsies are scrutinized regularly by tax authorities . 
  but governments know they ca n't do this , because then the crime rates would soar . 
  yes it 's that severe . 
  not on par with the infliction caused by their governments though . 
  i have yet to meet a foreigner who does not have a bigoted/biased/xenophobic opinion towards my people . 
  they may go as far as praise what we have , but to me that 's jealousy at best over natural resources . 
  in regards to the people and culture , we 're generally despised . 
  i 've engaged and over heard many a conversations , in german and sometimes english about us . 
  it 's never good . 
  sometimes good things are said , but often counterpointed with really nasty unacceptable tripe . 
  sure , we need to improve a lot of things . 
  one of them is some self-respect and leave this cursed union . 
  if we can even call it a union . 
  default and tell the markets to fuck off . 
  they want high rates with zero risk by successive bailouts ? 
  default . 
  problem solved . 
  it ca n't get any worse . 
  trust me . 
  markets and speculators need be taught lessons . 
  ah , yes !, 
  focus on the small often irrelevant stuff . 
  i agree they 're detestable , but nowhere near as bad as that which was inflicted by this odious pact between governments banks and industries of the north . 
  it 's a common strategy of the right wings over here . 
  oh , the immoral subsidies and welfare moms doing nothing all day on the taxpayer expense . 
  as if that were significant on the state budget . 
  as if that were the root of the problem . 
  merely a smoke screen to enforce austere ideologies and elitisms . 
  if this is how the modern world works , expect no surprises when things start derailing and serious conflict arises , once again . 
  the eu was designed for noble things . 
  it has long been hijacked by unscrupulous people with flexible morality aiming to please their deep pocketed sponsors and whoever ensures them the most returns and successful careers . 
  i do n't thing the eu is thought long term . 
  because that kind of mentality lacks in a profit driven market . 
  but the end result is more than guaranteed misery and suffering towards the south , in other words , more of what we now have . 
  and it will backfire spectacularly . 
  it 's only a matter of time until some autocratic bureaucrat decides to push his agenda down our throats by force , either by a common security force or by whatever designs , just to milk some more out of us . 
  when this cow has given it 's last pound of flesh , it will kick-start a cascade reaction that will make the balkans like a birthday party compared to this . 
  you do n't just disenfranchise and erase a thousand year old country like mine or spain , greece and italy . 
  not without serious backlash . 
  portugal did n't lied . 
  the euro was the lie to begin with . 
  expecting a common currency with no fiscal union was bound to degenerate . 
  it was still pushed forward , mainly by banksters and loan sharks who financed this from the start . 
  oh they did make money , and still do . 
  must feel great sentencing a country to misery . 
  must feel good corrupting everything with money and fueling xenophobic ideologies . 
  do n't use that derogatory term pigs . 
  it 's so offensive it derails any sort of conversation . 
  it just adds to confirm the already biased/bigoted attitude towards the south . 
  you think it was a question of poor decision making ? 
  do n't be naive . 
  this was designed to bleed the south of their resources . 
  their industries are now in the hands of northern privateers and corporations . 
  monopolies being bought whole sale . 
  by their companies who still get easy credit while ours get nothing and ca n't even compete . 
  they get cheap resources , cheap labor , brain drain to their industries at zero expense and low costs . 
  an odious pact forged in the dark heart of germany and other northern countries with the complicity of their large industrial and financial sectors . 
  even the very lending and sovereign debt purchase by northern banks was usurious in nature . 
  they made more money than ever before with the successive imf/ecb bailouts . 
  enough to balance the books from the 2008 wall street debacle . 
  we were lambs to the slaughter and history will remember this . 
  80 years from now , if anybody is still around , this will be recalled as the age of greed and gross manipulation . 
  the age of political corruption and when the eu thought self-cannibalizing itself was anything but a recipe for war and terrorism . 
  the pink map and the [ 1890 ultimatum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1890_british_ultimatum ) is fresher than the napoleonic invasions . 
  i do n't know a single portuguese who does n't know that and is widely covered in school curriculums . 
  do n't forget our national anthem was originally written with strong anti british sentiment and the famous line `` contra os bret\u00f5es marchar marchar ! '', 
  ( towards the britons march , march ! '', 
  that ultimatum single handedly killed an already weak rule by the king and precipitated the republic , with huge economic losses and misery along the way . 
  a good example and reminder of how foreign european powers persistently meddle and keep us under their boot . 
  pretty much like the eu does today . 
  apart from being right winged xenophobic blocking economical relief and making sure we get punished with austerity knowing full well it 's killing our economy and not helping at all . 
  apart from that , nothing . 
  love the snow covered fjords and the aurora borealis .
