  because , if you were to give the same taxing privileges to the local economy you 'd have at least the same results and probably more , because local and because non virtual stuff . 
  not to mention apple outsources manufacturing operations to asia and is of a renowned volatile industry . 
  think of the hit finland is having with nokia ... 
  taxation should be non negotiable . 
  sends all kinds of wrong messages to do otherwise . 
  it 's nice to see apple * not * giving back . 
  says a lot about corporate culture . 
  actually was a chinese flag . 
  nevertheless , i agree with what he said in this short intervention . 
  the world is n't black and white . 
  i 'm pretty sure if i were to follow this guy , i 'd find things to dislike and disapprove . 
  germany ? 
  mass protesting , police intervention , riots , civil war . 
  the news everybody had been waiting for !, 
  i would n't worry too much . 
  the eu will very likely be dissolved in the coming decade or decades . 
  it 's under attack by nationalist movements and good old xenophobia . 
  not to mention the eu is a slave of corporate and banking interests and blatantly favors a single country over the rest . 
  in a few words , the eu is weak , ineffective and corrupt . 
  it also does n't turn a profit , which is what comes all down to . 
  i 'd love it to be a free movement , diverse and mutually helpful union of nation states . 
  we have everything we need to succeed and become and enlightened civilization but it wo n't be because there is no quality in the current leadership !, 
  the political process is rotten and there is no possibility of anyone of worth and vision coming through the ranks . 
  not without crony and corporate approval . 
  and that same `` directorate '' is making sure there is also a dwindling quality in the voting masses by manipulating the media and pitting an ever consumerist society against each other . 
  this is why we need those microwave weapons . 
  i seriously doubt there 'd be any more crossings if the sky was lit up with invisible disruptive waves . 
  every plane entering would simply crash with complete plausible deniability for one side while the russians would be left with a lot of explaining to do . 
  alentejo in my native portugal has the highest solar potential in all of europe . 
  yet the investment in the area is very low . 
  to even try to invest in this would mean taking on huge levels of bureaucracy and corruption in government . 
  this was said many times on tv and in many newspapers about solar energy . 
  the government simply shuts down everything and our energy company - edp - which has a huge corruptive influence , it pretty much does what it wants . 
  and , you know , islam . 
  take the natural gas powerstations of alger . 
  constantly under threat and regularly attacked by jihadists . 
  [ ihdi ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/en/content/inequality-adjusted-human-development-index-ihdi ) : inequality-adjusted human development index undp is united nations development program . 
  and worst even , we 'll likely lose many civil liberties over this . 
  the paranoid surveillance `` shoot-first-ask-later '' state will kick into overdrive . 
  just take a look at australia 's recent move . 
  i 'm anticipating a time when any online comment , take reddit for instance , will suffice to throw you in jail or condition your entire life . 
  i doubt there will be a ukraine in 2020 . 
  not a sovereign and whole one at least . 
  it 's sad . 
  they should burn it all at once . 
  in the city and in the middle of a holiday with festivities ongoing . 
  a kind of social experiment . 
  fascinating . 
  a pay rise fully supported by social security contributions made by all workers and not by employers . 
  not sure if this should even be considered a good thing , as it will weaken deficit prospects and add to the hemorrhage of money . 
  said the citizen of a country victim of the biggest act of islamic terrorism of the last decades . 
  user , you do n't dis out on germany in this sub !, 
  they are perfect !, 
  stop questioning . 
  you 'll get doxxed or worse . 
  muslims failing/refusing to integrate ... * sigh * ... taking up crime , being violent and then victimizing themselves ... a little longer and they 'll be wanting to break away like kosovo . 
   `` i never met such a group of animals . 
  english culture is pathologically violent . 
  the english are unrestrained wild beasts and totally out of control . '' some brits would find this a compliment . 
  the thick skinned ones . 
  but seriously , remember the english roots . 
  fucking vikings and saxons . 
  completely opposite to the torpid latin southerners . 
  we ca n't stand the heat , but you have to be belligerant to remain warm . 
  and this shapes an entire culture . 
   `` life is so miserable , you have to do something just not to commit suicide '' same is said about the whole of northern europe . 
  keeping busy so as not give in to depression . 
  lack of sunlight and the harsh winters are terrible on the brain . 
  that 's why britons and northerners are enthusiastically high when in our country . 
  the sun literally gives them a high they 're not used to . 
  i 've seen this happen . 
  it even makes me happy to see . 
  thats why the portuguese are a welcoming bunch . 
  we 're used to the sun and unphased by it . 
  seeing happiness is our high . 
  jesus , i wish i was making this shit up . 
   `` one of the most rotten societies in europe , possibly the world '' . '', 
  rotten in the sense a lot is expected of them , given how much they shaped the world . 
  it 's an anglocentric world . 
  and there is too much going around making them liable . 
  a high amplitude of sorts . 
  i do n't agree with , particularly the harsh wording , it but i kinda see the point he wants to get to . 
  the world is watching england every move , not portugal 's . 
   '' ` when you visit english homes , or the toilets at schools or in student lodgings , they are all so disgusting that even my grandmother 's poultry cage is cleaner . ', 
  there 's always better and more important things to do . 
  in the south , the pace is slower , therefore we can clean our poultry 's . 
  also , living in a cold place makes the stink and disease aspect of things way less of an issue than in my country . 
  try leaving a toilet unflushed for a few hours in the summer . 
  or maybe the piss stench in city corners in the summer . 
  culture adapts to climate and geography . 
  i wish he 'd admit that instead of bashing the english . 
  he should know better . 
  little things that shape entire cultures . 
  seriously , we should swap countries every couple of years . 
  without a doubt , we 'd all be better off . 
  seriously , the british ultimatum is far more know than the whole oldest alliance thing . 
  they threw their alliance out the window that day . 
  i 'd have it written in history books that the alliance is no more . 
  and i think they had every right in it . 
  just not in the way they reacted by putting gun ships pointed at our already sick and feeble monarchy .
