  i suggest reading [ robert putnam 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_d._putnam ) works on multiculturalism . 
  they 're highly considered in northern europe . 
  if you 're honest with yourself , you 'll find them highly unbiased . 
  you can read some of it [ here ] ( http://www.utoronto.ca/ethnicstudies/putnam.pdf ) . 
  this kind of discussions always brings out the race card along with many purely emotional and idealistic arguments . 
  well , this is n't racism and it 's well substantiated . 
  i 'll just stop now and enjoy the downvotes . 
  who do you think is being elected nowadays ? 
  i keep reading the same naive stuff over and over . 
  banksters call the shots !, 
  technocrats are put in charge of countries and their allegiance is pretty well know as their professional careers . 
  should i name them ? 
  markets are electing ministers and presidents . 
  and without even a single citizen vote . 
  who cares if some constitution permits or prohibits in whatever country ? 
  these days , that amounts to nothing !, 
  markets trump constitution , everytime . 
  unless a deep constitutional reform takes place on the eu followed with a strong compromise with citizen backing , we wo n't ever dig ourselves out of this hole . 
  and i think that will never fly . 
  as bill paxton put it `` game over man , game over . '', 
  multiculturalism is n't working . 
  it takes much more than one or two generations being born in said country to integrate . 
  they 're just very different cultures , history , values ... 
  the main problem is big capital should be culled and some financial operations should literally be banned . 
  those operations go beyond systemic risk . 
  they risk entire countries . 
  how can that go unchecked ? 
  naked cds 's ? 
  derivatives ? 
  really ? 
  has anyone learned into the high risks and whats in the balance when large numbers are involved ? 
  it was predicted in the early 90 's it would bring everything down . 
  the most profitable situation for the market speculators are a german return to the deutsche mark and exit from the eu . 
  that way , all the periphery can be bled even further and literally become owned/repossessed . 
  the whole euro core fad of the latest weeks seem like a desperate act by some countries to hold on to some high agency rating while there is time . 
  you 'd have to be blind not to see what 's on the horizon . 
  it 's war !, 
  or something like it that involves puppet states and annexation . 
  for economical reasons , of course . 
  call it an economical * lebensraum * . 
  but even that wo n't last . 
  fiat currency is nothing more than a ponzi scheme and it 's going to hit a wall in a sustained recession . 
  germans and the eu are being bled by wall street . 
  and things are starting to go badly for germany with the latest market sell fiasco . 
  do n't mistake wall street for the us . 
  it is n't !, 
  these guys allegiance is to wealth and power . 
  and they 're aiming for the entire planet . 
  they are the architects of the economical crisis . 
  they know how to play the market and know that a single monster-sized fund or various funds moving in a single direction will always draw the crowd behind . 
  there is a way to stop this with proper legislation and regulation , but no . 
  they wo n't let something like that come into place . 
  who 's to blame ? 
  well , the eu ruling bodies and governments are riddled with banksters and economists who have serious conflicts of interest and behave passively/criminally . 
  the german people wo n't see this until it 's already too late . 
  they are in every major parties and will push their agenda of grinding things to a halt . 
  essentially , lack of growth and lack of competitiveness . 
  for decades , eu money was hijacked to everywhere but the modernization of the industry . 
  but also , a sluggish two-tiered judicial system . 
  much slower than before the 74 revolution and with also much more judges and other public servants than before 74 . 
  rampant corruption , a large public sector and much higher and accumulated pays for government officials . 
  also , a particularly gigantic bailout of a single bank - bpn , that per citizen , makes madoff 's ponzi scheme look like petty pocket theft . 
  this bank was essentially ran by career politicians . 
  crooks that have eluded justice to this day and inflated the books . 
  to this day , despite warnings by the eu and the imf , no major structural changes have been made on the ruling and public sector , other than rising taxes on the middle an lower class 's . 
  they have failed to extinguish the many state owned companies and institutes that bleed money without any profit and only provide for high incomes for the political parties * boys * . 
  i could go on all night ... 
  i hope you get the idea . 
  the sooner this all hits rock bottom , the sooner we can begin rebuilding our civilization . 
  better fast and hard than slow and irreversible . 
  this table [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_external_debt ) discriminates just that . 
  luxembourg : 3500 % ; ireland : 1200 % ; uk : 400 % ; belgium :270 % ; switzerland : 260 % and portugal : 220 % note : the article deletion is being debated over sufficient lack of sources . 
  but i can attest the portuguese figures have crept up sufficiently on papers and news . 
  as with portugal and greece , this weeks elections will elect yet the same alternate party that has intermittently ruled spain in the last 20 to 30 years . 
  one democracy , two ruling parties . 
  two dynasties . 
  one neo-feudalistic , power-hungry , big capital appeasing hoard of politicians . 
  and their common interest is ... their personal bank accounts !, 
  am i the only one that realizes representative democracy is dead in europe ? 
  the equivalent of a final solution on the roma would be something like applying the same set of laws as with every other citizen . 
  it sounds crazy , i know . 
  it will never stick . 
  we 'll just get blasted by human rights defenders or any other idealistic organization . 
  but on the other hand , i think it might just integrate them and actually save the good aspects of their culture . 
  i 'm probably in need of medication or jail time . 
  so please contribute . 
  say your opinion on this matter . 
  how would you deal with it ? 
  by throwing money at it and hoping it 'd would go away ? 
  but please , support yourself with factual evidence or some really good arguments . 
  and do n't patronize me with idealism 's . 
  i 'm such a rotten character , that even with a remote shred of doubt about what i earlier mentioned , that i 'm more than willing to rethink my opinion on this . 
  you 're right !, 
  it could n't be called a war . 
  if anything , it 'd be guerrilla against really weak and skinny rebel insurgents . 
  go in , take whatever they want and to hell with them . 
  a prelude to war ... to put it simply . 
  i 'll go out in blaze of down-votes but should roma realy be so sheltered ? 
  i mean , they just take and take from society and give nothing back !, 
  not even an effort of integration beyond what is required for getting subsidies .
