  there was a similar outcome when asked for their views on extra-marital affairs . 
  you could say * abrahamic * religions . 
  but this kind of shit happens with sikhs , hindus and pretty much every religion everywhere . 
  deported where ? 
  if they are french born citizens ? 
  deport them to antarctica ? 
  hey !, 
  i kinda like this idea !, 
  and penguins are notoriously gay so that should keep them busy for a while . 
   firstly , you ca n't violate the sovereignty of other nations by being on control of their tax rates just because it makes the policies here at home ineffective . 
  you 're right , we ca n't . 
  but trade agreements ( and of other natures ) exist and can be changed/proposed . 
  reasonability is something that must be expected and pushed for . 
  but still , nothing forces us to deal with a rogue nation that chooses to ignore rules of fair trade and business transparency . 
  this kind of commitment happens a lot these days . 
  the main example is that we 're dealing with eastern powers that give little social liberties to their people and downright abuse them , only because they keep buying up treasury bonds ( debt ) and keeping us afloat . 
  this is not just moral corruption , it 's stupid because we 'll never be as an attractive workforce as them . 
  in the long run the eu citizens will become closer to chinese labor and not the way around . 
  big business would love that and they 're pushing hard for it . 
  all the specialized workforce being in the west is crap and everybody knows it wo n't last . 
  in the meantime , unemployment soars in the eu and still , some people wonder why !, 
  well , check the product labels ... and switzerland is not like north korea . 
  there are many agreements in place between us , but still , the swiss must comply with international law . 
  as for the other eu countries , they 're signed with the eu . 
  most even share a currency !!, 
  to me ( and plenty of serious economists ) this is pushing against the tide . 
  the irish and dutch make a big fuss about controlling corporate taxing for fear of loosing business . 
  they 'll have to choose . 
  either fully committed with the eu project , or out !, 
  and do n't refute me with non-related or equivalent arguments with spending deficits and that portugal sucks or that it 's a shitty corrupt place that squandered billions . 
  i 'm tired of these arguments in / r/europe . 
   `` what ? 
  there still problems to be fixed ? 
  fucking corrupt idiots and lobbyists ! '', 
  the problem is sluggish reforms and a legislative process that is owned by big business . 
  we lack moral spine i do n't mean bring on the fascism ( another counter-argumentation abused here ... ) i mean being true to the original eu spirit of union and cooperation for long-term mutual benefits and fairness . 
  in other words , prosperity and sustainability , not division , wars and more social assimmetries . 
  after the 2008 crash everybody talked about how we needed to be more conscious about the social aspects and not just the profit . 
  that talk lasted maybe a few months and gave way to massive austerity , further bailouts and less social spending . 
  the ideological sadists loved it as they do n't mind banksters getting bailed out , as long as that sorry assed unemployed with small kids gets his pension cut in half and maybe even returns to the jungle where he came . 
  these are gross but spot on examples of solidarity is like in these hard-times . 
  lobbying and corruption is a worldwide plague . 
  sluggishness , denialism , scare tactics and other strategies that favor the milking of other eu countries should not drag on . 
  i read ms merkel wants 5 more years of austerity , that the uk is planning to veto the budget or just cut loose . 
  finland this , netherlands that ... and they 're discussing it , not in the meetings but over tv channels and for populistic and electionability reasons . 
  maybe democracy is dying , but we certainly lack strong and wise leaders . 
   those mega-filthy-rich-slave-owning-child-labor-corporations would n't exist if not for their customers . 
  that is the base issue here . 
  the people are politically gullible , reckless with their vote and are generally stupid but those with much more responsibility are the governments who should be steering our countries and providing a future to the coming generations . 
  they should do much more and be more efficient instead of selling themselves out for the highest bidder . 
  i firmly believe war is on our horizon . 
  may seem far-fetched to most but i think this because there is great profit in war and because there are limits that once reached , they change the political face of nations and pit them against each other . 
  we 're going to that dark place once more . 
  you ca n't be serious ... as if a 5.5 % or even a 55 % could even rival the amounts of cash that can be achieved by bribe taking . 
  and also , this is something that goes beyond money issues and is mostly about character and moral integrity . 
  any bribe of any worth or impact should make any politician ineligible for life . 
  you having 13 upvotes is the saddest thing i 've seen all day . 
  and i 've seen a roadkill kitten . 
  that shit 's got ta go . 
  along with every other offshore business in the world . 
  while we 're at it , bring on fiscal union and united vat/taxation 's / % tc . . 
  in portugal , not even one publicly listed company is based here . 
  they 're all abroad , in the netherlands , switzerland , lichtenstein or ireland . 
  and all because they offer better taxes . 
  ca n't the eu see this is cannibalizing budgets ? 
  this is stupidity ^ 99 . 
  how can this kind of abhorrent behavior be in practice inside a monetary/economic union . 
  it 's proof we are ruled by corrupted idiots with no interest in the future of the eu project . 
  they fold completely before lobbies . 
  and do n't get me talking about those mega-filthy-rich-slave-owning-child-labor-corporations that pay 2 or 3 % taxes while every other entrepreneur pays at least 30 % . 
  edit : because i drifted off topic , i 'm all for court ordered banking secrecy lifting for the individuals and standard transparency for companies and funds . 
  i know this goes against the basic premises of business but desperate times ... also , if a judge or a state revenue service demands , it should be a fluid process . 
  if found guilty , they should be even made public and fined heavily . 
  a lot of companies are outsourcing east and demanding tax breaks here because of high costs , when in fact , they 're making a killing . 
  in the banking business , it goes without saying that everything should already be under a microscope . 
  love the british but they 're geographically blessed . 
  if they were in the `` mainland '' , i doubt they 'd have the energy to launch that many campaigns and still defend themselves . 
  what ? 
  you want to start taking names of your list ? 
  over my dead body . 
  this man 's assessment seems frozen in time and i seriously question the accuracy of the data he mentions and in a latter instance it 's pertinence to the current crisis . 
  his only projection for the future is that we 've been there before ( we have n't , nowhere this deep ) and advocates for more europe , and that 's funny because many europeans do n't want any more europe . 
  it 's also not just a matter of austerity . 
  we could quadruple the austerity that the ailing economies would only get sicker . 
  in other words , the global economic climate is sick . 
  the problem is not simple or easily fixed . 
  it would help to have fiscal union and a federalized super state , but i 'm not sure even that would solve anything at this point . 
  i 'm likening this to the super storm that recently hit the us - sandy . 
  it 's a complex confluence of factors , impossible to escape . 
  in any way , europe 's crisis is here to stay and to deepen . 
  we wo n't hold onto to our hegemonious place for much longer , neither will americans . 
  we 're living the great normalization . 
  so long to our colonial treasure legacy that `` funded '' us to this place . 
  we must prepare to , at the very least , being on par with the rest of the world . 
  and i feel it 's gon na get `` bumpier '' down the line . 
  you can bury me under downvotes , but i 'd rather read some valid constructive argumentation . 
  so we 're bigoted against turkey because of other things other than it being an increasingly non-secular state , politically unstable and with the highest rate of imprisoned journalists , or that it deliberately allows illegal immigration into european shores ? 
  not to mention the kurdish issue , the armenian genocide issue , the recent israel problems , or that it borders with known islamic terrorist havens ( well , hello schengen space ) . 
  it is also made up of 70 million muslims who would certainly clash with eu policy making over questions like free speech and it 's criminalization . 
  kosovo is a mafia state with little to no chances of making it legitimately .
