  but then again , economy is not a science but rather a school of thought pitching mathematics and psychology . 
  all we need is to take a big step back and read into the variables . 
  resources are dwindling , there are new players on the board and the economical and fiduciary model are deeply flawed , nearing debt 's event horizon . 
  the planet wo n't survive if europe does n't take the hit and leads into a new age . 
  whatever literature comes up , germans and germany wo n't budge in their ideas . 
  and although it may seem catastrophic in the short-term , it will be good for all of us in the mid and long run . 
  europe should n't keep on catering money for speculators and a greed ridden wall street . 
  let the euro-titanic ( quoting loony farage here ) sink . 
  i give a few months until the dollar goes under and then ( only then ) actual change is produced across the globe . 
  hopefully with no belligerence . 
  then , a new economy may form with balanced and diverse currencies , with no unfair hegemonies and more fitting to a globalized market . 
  bring it on . 
  the more this drags on , the worse it gets for the people . 
  let all the bastards come out as the free market hyenas they are , only interested in fat payouts . 
  the more this becomes obvious the more people see the need for a change . 
  actual civilizational change and not obama-like petty change . 
  the eu is dead . 
  long live the eu !, 
  the best way to help roma people is to imprison and take out these gangs . 
  but germany is ok with themselves dictating eu policies and holding everyone else hostage . 
  this thread reeks of negative karma . 
  there 's like , a thousand downvotes in here . 
  we 're at peak everything !, 
  peak debt , peak energy , peak food , peak fish stocks , peak antibiotics , peak population , peak water and specially peak debt !, 
  oh , we 're right there at the event horizon of debt , getting ready to be sucked into the black hole . 
  this ponzi is ready to collapse . 
  the planet is of finite carrying support and yet people breed more people while demanding their middle class status attached to an unsustainable eco footprint . 
  i think we 're all going to hell in a slow grind that 'll last decades !, 
  violent , no holds barred , decades of war , famine and pestilence . 
  we 'll bounce back eventually . 
  merkel is just a catalyst . 
  in fact , she 's right about austerity , except it should be applied on a much broader scope , with profound social change and addressing the ecological sustainability of it all . 
  the eu is dead . 
  long live the eu !, 
  yes and no . 
  money is safer invested in things that value alongside inflation . 
  things like property or precious metals . 
  but that was in the old days and may now only be temporary , given the sudden unpredictable paradigm and even market irrationality . 
  besides , the eu is reluctant to do a american sized [ qe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quantitative_easing ) so nobody really knows how it will play out . 
  the best thing to do is to invest in land and self-sufficiency ( producing ) . 
  it has always been so . 
  it 's also not a good idea to be in debt if shtf , as things can spiral out of ones control although it can also allow loans to be paid in just months ( think germany in the 30s ) . 
  there are many variables in the system and it can lead to hyperinflation or deflation scenario along with the fiddling of interest rates . 
  what is out of our control is the large hedge funds gaming the system and betting on certain outcomes . 
  wherever they go , the market follows and prophecies fulfill . 
  it 's a bit like having and elephant loose on a lifeboat . 
  the derivatives market is literally a massive black hole of money waiting to swallow the world and reset the economy . 
  cyber-warfare will make disputes more even across the globe . 
  size wo n't matter as much . 
  that is , until someone uses it as an excuse to march in the big guns . 
  on this field , even mighty china or germany can be broken by a smaller group . 
  nevertheless , it will bring chaos everywhere . 
  markets , power grids , access to information , etc. 
  all we can do now is wait for the first government sanctioned all-out assault . 
  portugal : the first and last of the global empires . 
  this will be an interesting experiment . 
  one that will dictate the future of capitalism and the status-quo . 
  in fact , it will be so important that i doubt the current powers-that-be will even allow it to succeed . 
  white is a cultural tag with nothing but discriminating implications . 
  but if you were to ask a geneticist to analyse your genes or just phenotypes , he 'd probably say you 're one of many shades of white and that pure white does n't even exist . 
  dumkbid , pls, 
   some would even argue . . did you notice the `` some '' ? 
  extreme times will create extreme resonings . 
  everyone foresees this . 
  my point is , germany is ( once again ? ), 
  a puppet for german elites . 
  they 'll destroy this peaceful union if it gives them quick cash . 
  power corrupts and big money legislates . 
  i 've learned this in my lazy unter-something portuguese education . 
  so , get yourself out of germany and see what is happening in the rest of europe . 
  what do you think is waiting for us down this austerity road ? 
  germany could save the eurozone by choosing a different political leadership . 
  one not so protective of their own private sectors . 
  their private sectors , like most , only seeks immediate interests and profit . 
  they 'll likely kill their golden goose if it means large immediate profits and self-destruction in the mid and long run . 
  like it or not , they are the engine of europe . 
  they 're also the most populous country . 
  sadly , this is a calendar problem and elections are still far away . 
  atleast , there should a decision on the euro matter and not this standoff that only benefits the current status quo - german banks and industry . 
  my history ? 
  are you talking about me or my country 's ? 
  oh , this is gon na be rich . 
  i fail to see any valid argument in your reply . 
  it is , however , filled with upvotes . 
  long live the majority dictatorship . 
  really , is the alternative that much worse ? 
  50 years from now , history could be read like this . 
  germany initiated two world wars and lost . 
  then , they worked very hard indeed to get out of the hole they put all of europe in . 
  they suckled on the marshall plan and regained economic superpower status . 
  it then reabsorbed it 's long due eastern half . 
  meanwhile , germany had sold and loaned to many european countries , making them german-dependent . 
  it was sort of a union but not . 
  as germany was exempt from any rules . 
  then , the debt horizon neared on this ill-united europe . 
  in this economically irrational world , smaller and weaker countries were unable to keep up with the interest rates due to natural growth limits and severe economical hampering from a botched currency - the euro , and many years failed euro policies and puppet institutions . 
  policies dictated by germany . 
  nations future prospects became bleak and so , their interest rates were raised . 
  germany , as a core lender , profited from this . 
  it had no interest in stopping the deadly feedback loop of recessive policies that could never lead to growth or employment or progress .
