  it 's ok because german secret services are doing it as well . 
  they 're probably terrorists . 
  it also reflects low demographics and high life expectancy levels . 
  i do n't believe in anything religious or spiritual . 
  good for iceland . 
  the eu is nothing more than a game of crooks . 
  what europe is that ? 
  that europe wants to get paid and maintain interest rates . 
  and in return for the loan , enact reforms that will allow the privatization of all the resources and services in the country . 
  all fine and dandy , were it not for the high level corruption it usually entails . 
  corporations want to get steady income from the populations with monopolies and not deal with market competition or government regulation . 
  bribing an public official administrative is corruption . 
  financing political parties in tacit exchange for laxed regulation , thrown court charges , environmental abuses , privilege in acquiring state owned profitable and essential monopolies , etc. . . is n't corruption and even cases you hear about go unpunished or are just fined fractions of the losses inflicted on the people . 
  some message this sends ... 
  i 've seen what privatization does in my country . 
  it makes things expensive , particularly the unavoidable things like energy , roads and water . 
  the hikes in gas and electricity prices are absurd and far beyond reasonable . 
  same goes for school costs . 
  and the private sector actively destroys the public sector by hiring the same professionals lawfuly !!, 
  example , doctors that refuse to operate in public hospitals and forward patients to their private practices . 
  teachers and school administrators that are ill managing schools and forwarding them to private schools . 
  it 's no use to privatize things when there is no mechanisms in place to regulate practices and the law is a piece of swiss cheese designed by and for the ones against the peoples interests . 
  taking eu money only kicks the can down the road . 
  the ukraine should default , as other countries should too . 
  it would give a clear message to speculating high level investors who seek high interest rates returns and expect no risks . 
  that eu is long gone . 
  died with the last able and morally upright politician . 
  all we have now is slimy yet vicious creatures feeding on the carcasses of eu citizens and going in and out of beds with their many corporate overlords . 
  at most , the eu is a bidding place , where these rats sell their criminal and devious crafts . 
  these ones are * before * shit hit the fan . 
  makes you think ... 
  it was the germans , obviously . 
  nearly all my friends now working in switzerland have been told to leave at one time or another . 
  anecdotal , i know ... but surely others have experienced or heard about this phenomenon . 
  not exclusive to switzerland , of course . 
  i find it funny that the eu allows the swiss to offer safe haven to tax evaders , crooked politicians and oligarchs . 
  these ill gotten gains are n't told to leave , though . 
  it 's not , especially given the current economic situation of ukraine . 
  and history is riddled with examples of escalation . 
  most people do n't take kindly to this type of abuses . 
  there will a big part of the population that 'll be afraid but proved support and a smaller more industrious part will always hold this `` grudge '' and will go to great lengths to punish the government and those involved in these crimes . 
  and this is how `` terrorism '' is born . 
  and it weighs heavily in society . 
  ukraine has been through a world of shit during these past centuries and somehow , they 're still holding together . 
  now what does that tell us about resilience ? 
  still , proportionality in response is going out the window . 
  what berkut is doing is mass murder . 
  completely disproportionate reaction by the security forces . 
  this is murder !, 
  and the only response to this is to escalate things to more brutal acts of violence and sabotage . 
  not only the protesters are under-armed , these reactions are hardly to keep the peace . 
  sniper activity in the balkans often meant heavy shelling and torching entire buildings . 
  i would n't be surprised it this were the reaction . 
  the guy in the truck got shot multiple times . 
  he definitely did n't make it out alive . 
  hate to be the cynic here , but nearly european and eu leaders are cowards . 
  western europeans are also way underpaid . 
  i have a few of my friends and college colleagues living there and it 's downright abusive , not to mention the blatant racism towards foreigners . 
  some talented and experienced engineers are barely getting by with 800 euros and taking the natives jobs that usually earn 5x that amount . 
  germany is no el dorado , but it sure is better than mass unemployment back home . 
  companies know it , their government knows , and they sure as hell exploit it . 
  explain better please . 
  eu law is flawed , not strict . 
  filled with loopholes for bayer and monsanto and the likes to weave through . 
  the risks do n't justify the decision and most scientists will agree to this . 
  perhaps in a extreme situation , faced with potential famines , we 'd have little choice , but not currently , despite things are n't looking too good . 
  this is just the result of lobbying and likely corruption . 
  and given that possible disastrous results will be socialized , unlike profits ... 
  there is no pressure for them to change , quite the contrary . 
  the existing laws and political attitudes are a clear incentive for them to act even more antisocial and divergent . 
  if `` all this '' were to carry on through thousands of generations , they would become morlock and we 'd be the eloi . 
  so , evil is a cultural trait that we , as society , have selected them to have . 
  i live there . 
  no words ... love this city . 
  nothing beats the international [ serbian smash hit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-sdet31ca8&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player ), 
  and this comes as a surprise to anyone ? 
  how anyone considers turkey to be something more than a proto-fascist islamite state is beyond me . 
  and to enter the eu ? 
  ... no amount of pipeline and geopolitical importance can sweeten that pill . 
  erdogan is a dangerous thug and we best stay clear from his lying despotic ways . 
  you 'd be surprised how this different ` view ' over physics can help unlock deeper knowledge of the universe . 
  our senses and common sense make us biased to certain patterns and expectations . 
  thinking outside the box is always good in my opinion . 
  well done . 
  hit 'em where it hurts . 
  in the football pitch . 
  an apparently most used proto-word is `` dass '' which sounds the same as `` thus '' in english . 
  it 's a shortening of `` foda-se '' , which means `` fuck it '' . 
  it is probably the equivalent to the sound `` kit '' from fuckit '' . 
  now , i 'm not a swearer and this is n't even my favorite word because it is n't a real word but a short abbreviation that has gained a life of it 's own recently for being much less offensive than the original . 
  btw : my favorite word is [ saudade ] ( http://youtu.be/wxlubwznyvm?t=1m4s ) and whoelse but ces\u00e1ria \u00c9vora to sing it . 
  still happens to an extent today . 
  look at the african migrants trying to get across the channel to the uk . 
  or the arabs and africans trying to get across the mediterranean . 
  and things are about to get even more `` interesting '' if schengen gets suspended . 
  it 'll be open season on illegal migrants and i seriously doubt it will happen peacefully . 
  if the house is sold , then even more money leaves the uk . 
  with the amount of empty houses and construction recession , i doubt that selling the house and leave is even a good thing . 
  as for sending money to grandkids , it will happen most likely when said grandkids or even sons are in need , which again , is a sign of economic depression . 
  perhaps .
