  it 's undemocratic !, 
  it 's abusive . 
  we do n't want german money . 
  we do n't want to honor odious debt . 
  this was a trap laid decades in advance . 
  and the money they are giving in bailout packages comes straight back into germany through pornographic interest rates . . 
  i 'm so proud of this union !, 
  i can barely feed my kids but let 's not confront our german overlords . 
  germany sucker punching other countries ... who would 've known !, 
  the thing is ... it 's not a troll . 
  unless you consider your typical northern european a troll . 
  well , war on very broad terms while not descarting military incursions in some decade long future . 
  on an economical level , portugal and the other bailees are like gangrene tissue . 
  and germany enjoys this . 
  german companies , that can finance themselves at low interest rates , out-compete every single company in any bailout country . 
  and they now aim at privatization !, 
  particularly of monopolies , thus putting a strong leash on the people . 
  the german economy is flowing with cash !, 
  it has no liquidity problem . 
  it 's companies have no liquidity problem , on the contrary !, 
  they are spreading and buying . 
  it 's citizens have jobs and everything seems perfect . 
  sure , they contribute to the eu/efsf , while complaining and imposing the silliest of terms which justifies the financial circus , but what it gives it takes back with the highest of interest rates and with the most positive of impact to german economy . 
  nobody seems to care or confront germany with this perfect alignment of the stars !, 
  it 's * verboten * . 
  and some say germany is killing it 's closest market . 
  i do n't think they care about it as much as the global market . 
  they have long term vision and we 're but the stepping stone . 
  we 're a collateral effect they 're willing to sacrifice to make germany great or even the greatest germany and other super powers , like china , russia and the us , will end up cutting europe amongst its own companies and wealthiest citizens . 
  they will leave the eu and the euro when and if it no longer suits them . 
  they do n't want the eu to work because it 's not to their liking . 
  not anymore !, 
  they have reunified and regain their former financial and industrial might . 
  forget the past and forget responsibilities . 
  their only responsibility is towards their own people . 
  conquer europe ? 
  let 's impoverish it and buy it in a garage sale . 
  i know of a past politician that i 'm sure would have been proud . 
  they do n't have the slightest empathy towards southern europeans . 
  the only thing standing in their way is france and the uk and things will heat up , specially with france . 
  everybody else is too scared or anemic to react . 
  but everyone else will suffer the same fate as we . 
  i hope they fail miserably . 
  i wa n't no part of this so called union . 
  i bet my nonexistent life savings that germany is gearing up for war ( defensibly , they 'll say ) and upping their industrial might at suckers expense . 
  and it already has the deutsche mark printed and standing by . 
  all is going as planned . 
  cannibalizing the euro zone and peripheral economies . 
  when it gets to france 's turn , things will heat up . 
  the uk already knows this and is checking out . 
  belligerent rhetoric wo n't be far behind . 
  i give it ten years 'till we 're at war with the north . 
  that or have already been completely destroyed . 
  they officially denied the account freezing and levy . 
  the eu has many control mechanisms and institutions . 
  they all failed to catch the book cooking being made by top greek officials for well over 20 years . 
  not one audit !, 
  it 's strange , almost like planned . 
  how can an entity so rich and powerful allows itself to be duped in this fashion ? 
  i have an idea . 
  may sound like tinfoil hat territory but i 'm guessing the same mega banks that advised the greeks were also the ones reaping the most out of this crisis . 
  their aim was bleeding the eu taxpayer dry by way of successive bailouts followed by pornographic interest rates in the sovereign debt market . 
  feels like a hidden death star has been completed and used on a small outer planet . 
  and everybody knows they plan on using it again to crush any rebellion ... like in those bigger planets closer to the south . 
  this is of polandball material, 
  that is now . 
  when i posted , i got downvoted immediately . 
  i wonder why the downvoters just downvote and do n't engage with actual comments . 
  what makes the system unsustainable is the lack of legal action , and this is because of corruption and influence trading . 
  you can at least admit that failure to uphold the law or pursue high profile money holders gives very poor health to the market at the expense of the rest of the population . 
  deceit and conspiracy for war ; providing false news to incite war ; violations of the geneva conventions by occupying powers ; suspending civil liberties under the guise of national security ; violating constitutions ; corruption ( handing military and construction contracts without public knowledge/exam ) ; setting up spy states with total disregard of legality ; murdering close to a million people by means of an illegal war ; holding people captive indefinitely without trial or evidence ; the widespread practice of torture ; failure to oversee the financial sector and allowing massive theft at the taxpayers expense . 
  is that enough for you , mr saner than everybody else ? 
  they do n't just deserve jail time , they deserve to be remembered in history as the sociopaths they are . 
  perhaps you , like many others , are shortsighted and seem to ignore crime when it is practiced in large scales . 
  i 'm disgusted that my country sided and aided war criminals by letting them scale in portuguese soil while flying detainees to guantanamo . 
  some as young as 13 . 
  most held without proof and denied of trial . 
  some have committed suicide . 
  europe deserves all that 's happening and rest assured that more is coming . 
  these hideous practices are already being inflicted on europeans in european soil . 
  i we had any kind of backbone we 'd issue warrants for bush , blair , barroso and aznar and every other politician involved in the iraq clusterfuck . 
  they should be publicly tried !, 
  they have too much blood in their hands and brought the economies to it 's knees . 
  at the very least put them in house arrest and end their political careers . 
  but not , they still advise and steer governments while going around giving lectures and being paid handsomely for it . 
  if he gets what he wants , then that 's it for europe . 
  goodbye eu and goodbye euro . 
  the spice stops flowing . 
  and when the elites become starved of their main source of income - the european taxpayer - they 'll turn on each other and war wo n't be that far behind . 
  the amount of control in the food industry resembles that of the financial sector . 
  it is all an elaborate illusion . 
  until it eventually collapses like every other system has collapsed in the past or is currently in the process of collapsing , leaving millions of supposedly invincible redditards wiped clean . 
  the problem is not just the frailty and unsustainability of all monetary systems . 
  it 's humans that tend to be the problem , when they go on power trips , become reckless , greedy , hoarding resources and bringing the whole house down . 
  i already forcefully keep a bare minimum . 
  if only people remembered this when mentioning iceland as an example ... 
  choke on oil n\u00f6rseman, 
  what about german banks ? 
  who 's sovereign debt would give two digit interest rates ? 
  i wish for portugal to be out of it .
