  we used to have moisty rainy weather in october that made everything feel like being underwater . 
  think of tiny raindrops gently wooshed from the sides by the wind and permeating everything !, 
  we called it small rain or * morrinha * ( a smallish rain that wets everyone , even those with umbrellas and capes ) and add to this a very mild temperature and you get a somewhat tropical feel . 
  i ca n't properly describe how it feels but it 's great and my city looks particularly beautiful under this weather blanket . 
  i have the fondest of memories of it . 
  however this goes , the greeks are finished !, 
  future generations are severely compromised . 
  saddening . 
  you mean , in order to ripoff the eu taxpayer !!, 
  the private banking engineered this catastrophe and suckled interest rates well over 30 % for years !, 
  however the size of the haircut , they turned a big profit . 
  follow the offshore trail , cds 's and hedge fund gaming and their intentions become clear . 
  that is true . 
  i had a russian friend tell me that he had never felt so cold in his life like he was feeling in oporto . 
  it 's a wet/moist cold , unlike the dry cold of northern europe . 
  humidity really permeates everything !, 
  he had experienced minus 20 degrees regularly in russia and had traveled to/witnessed europe 's coldest places , but he was aching at a mere 0 degrees over here . 
  of course the ocean air is to blame . 
  i actually sunbathe this sunny morning in my balcony ... oporto 's at 15\u00bac . 
  we need inflation . 
  inflation curves imports , and stimulates nation wide production of goods that in turn get exported at highly competitive prices . 
  i guess some of the bigger countries are not willing to allow that . 
  i wonder why . 
  that one increases unemployment . 
  besides , the problem is not work hours and productivity . 
  it is competitiveness !, 
  that is the same as saying more technology , better organization and management skills , access to credit ( which we do n't have ) and a better relation between industry and universities . 
  the whole austerity wo n't solve anything . 
  it may delay the default but it will eventually become socially unsustainable . 
  besides , government has made little or no structural reforms apart from privatizing everything that actually turns a profit . 
  we have n't also trimmed the excess fat in the public sector . 
  we 're being totally screwed by our politicians . 
  i suppose that relates with the libertarian nature of north-american capitalism , aggressive entrepreneurship and overal stance on business and consumerism ( risk taking ) . 
  that and the vasts amounts of territory you have . 
  in order to produce , your government not only subsidizes but concedes much more ( takes risks ) in terms of environment and of planning . 
  there is also a strong lobbying tradition that tends to uphold and expand such policies . 
  as a result , the food production business is seen as very attractive . 
  the corporate approach to food pushes for maximum efficiency at whatever costs and that reflects in the quality . 
  from steroids and antibiotic abuse to inhuman conditions . 
  it also happens here but at a much smaller scale . 
  in europe , things are more paced and thought through . 
  there are much higher demographics and property 's are smaller because of centuries old disputes . 
  risk taking is more level headed , again because of historical reasons and competition . 
  scientific approaches are politically much more valued here and there is more political diversity . 
  in portugal , there is still a lot of traditional farming . 
  in my family , for instance , fields are usually broken apart between a mountainous landscape . 
  not possible or cost effective to use method automation or heavy machinery . 
  crops are more diverse in the fields each plant . 
  from potatoes to olive trees , onion fields , variety of garden vegetables . 
  different seeds of traditional use and very few of monsanto like origins . 
  another thing is to we tend to adjust the plants to the soil we have and not make heavy changes in soil . 
  americans almost * terraform * arid soils into fertile land by adding huge amounts of water , fertilizer and chemicals ( like in california ) . 
  thats unthinkable here because water is expensive and highly disputed and again the smaller parcels of land are not worth such heavy investments . 
  in portugal a career politician can retire on a 3000 plus pension ( it 's a lot by portuguese standards ) after only two `` tours '' as parliament member , which is just a mere 8 years . 
  you 're not understanding my point . 
  democracy is being poisoned by the big capital . 
  they own the legislative process through illicit lobbying , through political corruption , electing officials with huge conflicts of interest . 
  this is why the situation drags . 
  there is hardly any regulation at all apart from recent toxic debt limitations that were widely not being complied with . 
  this is why there are no agreements over anything remotely substantial . 
  and why banks and countries keep getting successive bailouts and are deemed too big to fail . 
  we would n't be in this mess if the eu 's overseeing entities had done their jobs !, 
  same with the eu parliament . 
  the only blame i can put on us , eu citizens , is the failure in recognizing and stopping the rise of this intricate web of unscrupulousness . 
  many do n't care to vote and those that do , do it in frivolous irresponsible fashion , disregarding the obvious and feeding information from the same beyond-pathetically biased media . 
  our * idiocracy * legitimizes corporate and financial grand theft . 
  we have what we deserve and what we allowed for . 
  being played into this * character * war between different people ... we all have seen where that road leads to . 
  and we all should know better by now . 
  funny how it does n't mention the obscene interest rates germany 's private banking sector has been receiving these last few years . 
  they 're profiting from the crisis and bleeding country 's one by one and ultimately the german taxpayer . 
  what began as a recovery scheme to bounce back from the 2008 lehmann crisis has proven too irresistible to stop . 
  of-course yes , provided it stays out of the shengen area . 
  it is infamously wrong . 
  as many other initiatives have been in the past and are continuing to be put in place eu wide . 
  the problem is a very poor redistribution of these types of taxations !, 
  they go everywhere but the creator . 
  it follows almost arbitrary criteria that are shadily decided by an elite few from a private sector full of biased interests !!, 
  and whoever is against is destroyed !, 
  i 've seen this happen many times and the artist , however idealistic , always gets shafted . 
  so , these massive institutions have sprouted only to take care of these so called intellectual property rights . 
  we now have legions of employees , monstrous legal departments ready to flood our already overrun courts , bullying people into paying massive fines in complete disproportionality and above all , progressing the system towards ever more bureaucratic and complex . 
  these processes that should be fair , simple and state managed are now an abuse of various citizen rights and make little sense at all . 
  this is yet another tax to be put on top of other existing taxes and it wo n't end until digital media is under complete control of a few corporations or media powerhouses . 
  this is not about the artists or culture !, 
  this is about the unbelievably huge parasitic structure that feeds on the creativity of people and is geared towards profit , no matter what the consequences on society . 
  and under acta , risk emprisonment ? 
  it 's ok , the eu parliament has n't ratified it yet . 
  right wing : those who support political or social or economic conservatism, 
  i lol 'd, 
  surveillance and security services are by default and necessity right leaning . 
  there 's a lot of volatility there and that ca n't be a good thing . 
  you probably did n't understood me . 
  i did n't suggest anything . 
  i merely pointed out a huge fact . 
  the rising debt along with lack of sufficient growth , or negative growths ( recession ! ), 
  brings about ratings downgrades and that means more risk and scared off investors . 
  i see the problem not just only in the fiduciary/ever growing debt system that is bound to hit non-negotiable natural limits ( peak everything ! ) . 
  the problem is that the market operates on predatory speeds and is highly volatile . 
  capital is capable of moving at great speeds with little effort .
