  in reality , no . 
  i think we 've passed the proper window frame for it and the divergences are now plenty and wide . 
  the track sheet of fuckups is kilometers long and is shared by all governments and the eu itself . 
  the populations political views are now too far apart , not to mention the general opinion each one has over the other . 
  there is just too much diversity to create a strong pan-european identity and make it function under a common law , fiscal , security ( police/military ) system . 
  even if were n't a centralized political system but with highly autonomous region states . 
  there are also political factions devoted to exploring and seeding anti-european sentiment and they would never allow a federalization , actively destabilizing it . 
  and if we mention that it goes against the interests of the global corporatocracy , then it definitely has no chance . 
  i can imagine it could work out in it 's beginning , from the need to overcome some extreme problem , like the currency failure we 're experiencing , but at the minimum amount of later problems there would be great strife and unbearable noise from all over . 
  solidarity and mutual trust has long sailed from these waters . 
  we 've actually been giving energy to spain . 
  i seriously doubt germany france or norway would give their energy to anyone . 
  he speaks of european union of utopia . 
  an enchanted and fabled place where everything and everyone agree and benefit from . 
  it 's just not feasible . 
  it never was feasible in the us and it most definitely never will be in old europe . 
  the pesticides weaken the bees immune system . 
  that is scientifically proven . 
  in the same way that nobody dies of hiv/aids , but from other common illnesses now lethal to a weak immune systems . 
  i hope you use those arguing skills and stubborn skepticism to haggle those insanely high prices that are coming to the supermarkets . 
  i 'm convinced these corporations are the cause of the problem and will even try to make an even higher profit by coming up with artificial pollinators . 
  win-win is how they see it , given the power they have . 
  i for one , do not welcome our teutonic overlords . 
  what good is free trade compared to the amount of debt and disagreeance between countries ? 
  when the euro fails and germany throws in the towel , the eu is no more . 
  mirrors , please . 
  i seriously doubt the portuguese rank . 
  it must be based on old pre-austerity data . 
  i have two children and things are insanely hostile to parents . 
  not to mention the drastic cuts in state support and rising costs of vat and everything childcare related . 
  beautiful women . 
  low prices . 
  interesting culture . 
  better economic growth perspectives . 
  lower taxes . 
  some people prefer winter to summer . 
  `` most politicians are either deist , agnostic , or aitheist . '', 
  so they 're basically anyone in terms of religion or lack of . 
  very insightful . 
  at least you acknowledge the problem of sponsored radicalization and money laundering . 
  i agree , muslim will favor muslims , specially if it hurts other faction non-muslim factions . 
  welcome to the muslim middle ages . 
  albanians in kosovo did a ethnic cleansing of serbs . 
  you may not know about because of all the senseless hatred being pitched over the media . 
  you see , nato and the un needed a good strong scapegoat to justify a profitable war and at the same time appease the muslim community . 
  serbs were fit for the part . 
  albanians and muslims in particular are oppressed everywhere !, 
  if you put them in sweden or norway , they 'll still feel oppressed . 
  their culture derives from gratuitous antagonism and victimization . 
  it 's been working so far , why should stop ? 
  what incentive is there to stop their antics and adopt modern civilization ? 
  the get away with so much by being like this . 
  it requires so little effort . 
  you need to catch up on history and have a lesson on empathy . 
  put yourself in serbian shoes . 
  see ~ ~ degenerate thugs ~ ~ ( does n't matter the ethnicity , only what they bring with them and their occupying goals ) swarming your country like an infestation . 
  all you can do about it will result in further serbian loss . 
  germany and france would lose their shit if it was happening there . 
  france !, 
  the same country that deported gypsies ... hypocrites . 
  do n't think they 'll stop there . 
  this will only end with serbia wiped off the map . 
  kosovo is a mafia state . 
  it is also an islamic nation , so no wonder those countries support them . 
  letting kosovo in on the eu will mean a massive security breach . 
  their main exports are thuggery , crime and terrorism . 
  if they are poor and have shitty infrastructure then by all means they should leave and return kosovo to the serbs . 
  and stop being a hypocrite . 
  if this were happening in central europe , it would be a handled much to the opposite . 
  i 'm amazed all the propaganda and hate campaigns against serbs , while completely denying the horrors perpetrated by other balkan factions , particularly the muslims and croats . 
  by favoring these you 're alienating the serbs and asking for another genocide . 
  serbs are human too . 
  fair . 
  yes fuck them all . 
  but most judges in that high court have way too much power and they never rule/vote the same . 
  they seem to obey the party discipline vote instead of the country 's interests . 
  it 's rotten . 
  portuguese democracy is a putrid corpse from which international financial vultures and well dressed maggots have all been feeding from . 
  soon , all that will be left are the bones ... to be grinded and served as a last supper . 
  a beggars feast !, 
  but i agree , austerity imposed unfairly , on the weak and middle class was bound to be unconstitutional . 
  they do n't dare affront the powerful lobbies and wealthy , or even tell the international loan sharks to fuck off . 
  we 'll be thrown out quite soon . 
  hopefully just before all hell breaks loose in bigger countries . 
  i also hope the eu members know this and much worse is whats coming for them . 
  we were just the initial cracks in the rift that is the eu . 
  finally , an end to decades of `` amateur night '' politics !, 
  serbs know they 'll never get it back . 
  but the last laugh will be theirs , when islamic separatist republics start popping up across europe . 
  rust in peace , iron lady . 
  how sad is that ? 
  in a couple of decades or so , they 'll own and occupy most of europe . 
  with support from the local community ? 
  no it doens ` t. 
  not to the extent it does with sharia . 
  besides , what women are intimidated or threatened by their catholic neighbours ? 
  sure , they cab be frowned upon but not beaten within an inch of their lifes , thrown acid at or raped . 
  nor do they get told to be silent or face death or the death of their children . 
  radical islam is a monstrosity and you 're just abetting these thugs . 
  no luck in natural resources and half the year , there 's a blazing heat discouraging any kind of heavy work .
