  they 're an anachronistic , misogynistic tribe that repeatedly fails to integrate . 
  they take entitlement to whole new level and even consider themselves above the law !, 
  the vast majority of them live on welfare and still pursue some form of illicit activities , like drug rings , slave trade or just plain old violence . 
  i admit the violence in my words is in the generalization , but in these days , if we do n't address the sustainability issue we risk a complete breakdown of society . 
  i feel i do n't need to mention i 'm no racist , but this culture is just wrong on so many levels . 
  they 're nothing but trouble wherever they live . 
  be realistic and do n't hide behind the shroud of multiculturalism . 
  that ship has sailed and sunk . 
  my heart aches every time i hear of 12 year old 's in fixed weddings and their consequent setup as mere feral kids factories . 
  that is a constant that annoys me more than the handouts of land and subsidies !, 
  please do n't * literalize * the genetics argument . 
  of course its cultural . 
  it 's also surpassable . 
  otherwise we 'd pretty much hate each others guts for whatever reasons from any point in history . 
  if anything , genetically the british are closely related to germans than the portuguese . 
  not to mention culturally and saxon linguistic . 
  so , just some history 101 here . 
  this term is often used in my country and in a context of shaping one 's thought frame ( cultural genesis ) . 
  takes a long time to change , though . 
  oh , you bet it 's genetic . 
  go back a few hundred years and you have the same issue with spain and france . 
  right now , it 's with germany . 
  it 's a form of cultural animosity that pervades the collective spirit . 
  i mean , it 's everywhere , in pop and folk culture . 
  germans were last greatest antagonists to the british . 
  but i do understand your argument !, 
  i comes from affinities . 
  you share many cultural traits and thus respect each other . 
  but let 's not go any further for the sake of not breaking goodwin 's law . 
  invoking 20th century history would easily argue for this . 
  i 'm not agreeing to it . 
  i merely see it plastered over many sources . 
  you think 2 world wars are easily forgotten ? 
  they 're not !, 
  among civil rational and political conversations they 're never brought up , but in the collective spirit , they 're always there !, 
  it has become part of our culture . 
  and they influence politics , they influence votes !, 
  to think it is n't there is naive !, 
  i always thought that the eu would be the only way to leave that behind . 
  i wish it were a parody . 
  german government is probably suffering from conflicts of interest . 
  they 're being deliberately delayed or pitted against other eu nations in order to maintain this coma . 
  the bickering over regulation is the excuse . 
  and of course no ruling politician is held accountable or even questioned over its own business interests . 
  no , they 're not acting in the interest of germany , but in the interest of some private bank accounts or stashes of wealth . 
  yes , there is a lose lose situation . 
  for the german citizens . 
  and in that order they 'll begin falling . 
  first falls the consumer , then the industry and eventually the banking industry in a certain order . 
  what is going on is that the german growth is grinding down . 
  as bailout contributions to the ecb and imf are discussed , austerity follows . 
  the industry suffers , tries to restructure itself , as does the government . 
  unemployment then rises . 
  consumption decreases . 
  credit gets cut from once thriving industries . 
  banks become at a risk . 
  whats the best method to compensate ? 
  well , the same they employed to recover from the 2008 disaster . 
  they squeeze interest rates from other `` ailing '' countries . 
  soon enough , belgium , france , austria and the netherlands will see their rates increase . 
  banks scoop that on the free market . 
  as long as interest rates remain way above what they get the money from . 
  for a while it allows them to breathe . 
  if you ask me , there is no long term sustainability or logic to this . 
  it is all going to end badly . 
  because of greed . 
  because of huge conflicts of interests . 
  because there are no mechanisms in place to prevent it . 
  and only europe can put a stop to this . 
  as for portugal , the interest is 3.5 % but even at that rate it 's virtually impossible to recover without tools of devaluation relinquished with the euro adhesion . 
  we ca n't regulate our market . 
  we can only send people down the social ladder and lower incomes . 
  that is , take money from citizens and creating more misery . 
  and for what ? 
  to pay for greedy loan rates that the eu failed to protect us from . 
  `` heh , a german . 
  how did i guess ? '', 
  bears some seriously racist undertones . 
  hell , i 'm not defending germany , but i make a clear distinction from being greedy and being from this or that nation . 
  however , you make some good points , but should n't pass an image of racism while making them . 
  they loose appeal and even become counterproductive . 
  it makes sense if you look beyond the inherent nationality or patriotism . 
  i 've pointed many times that money has no nationality . 
  it respects nothing . 
  it can merely be grouped by tax rates , like the current situation where germans finance themselves on open market with tax rates many times inferior to those of italians , spanish or greeks . 
  it predisposes them for capitalist abuse of the frailties of the current eu . 
  it is its inescapable nature to pursue profit at all costs . 
  add to this the fact that the imf and ecb , and many eu countries finances , are governed by banksters with huge conflicts of interest who must obey this culture of perpetual growth . 
  the predatory form of capitalism that dominates the `` free market '' has a mind of its own !, 
  sure , there are strings being pulled for big profit , but without any form of control they 're consume everything . 
  imagine this like a big ponzi scheme where everyone 's taking advantage of each other . 
  the money is quickly being hoarded up the social pyramid and very soon , a collapse will take place and those at the top will be left owning the vast majority . 
  this is inevitable . 
  a non-negotiable natural and mathematical certainty . 
  call it conspiracy if you want to . 
  i see it unfold every day . 
  what would it take for you to question things ? 
  those currently in charge are not interested in your future or well being . 
  if you consider germany 's population . 
  they are by far the biggest country and account for 16 % of the eu population and thus biggest contributors , obviously .
