  it 's a basic principle that almost everyone now wants to end , so as to protect the rich and this dangerous social asymmetry . 
  * the eu meant money , which was indirectly given to northern companies and banks . 
  it meant a new market to these companies . 
  a win/win situation . 
  now , in retrospective , it meant a playground , where they could corrupt and unlock subsidies/eu cash . 
  and debt was encouraged because it meant profit for the banks . 
  regulation was relaxed and little or no audits were made by the many eu institutions designed to oversee them . 
  * agreed that we must contribute proportionally with our share . 
  no one refuses that . 
  but at this moment , with the current clusterfuck , it 's very crippling . 
  * should we compare ourselves to somalia also ? 
  yes , eastern countries have it worse but it 's all about prospects of change . 
  they are growing and there is economic health . 
  they are not in decline . 
  besides , you ca n't even compare them . 
  why would you even bring that up ? 
  you have a two patients . 
  one is quickly and positively recovering from grave illness and the other is worsening and on soon to be on a lifeline . 
  who would worry you most ? 
  again , prospects is what counts . 
  * that 's a grey are . 
  overall , we did n't . 
  and we blame ourselves for letting corruption take hold . 
  but there was very little control/regulation on the part of the eu . 
  that happened because corporate and financial interests at play did n't want that . 
  the same logic that still allows tax loopholes , offshore banking , different tax rates across the eu , laxed regulation . 
  and our markets were subsidized to become dependent from outside help . 
  again , those corporate and financial interests at play . 
  we gave up farming . 
  we gave up fishing . 
  we gave up textiles and some manufacturing . 
  we gave access to our natural resources and exclusive economic zones . 
  in turn , we 'd import from other stronger eu countries . 
  now , with current interest rates and rising cost of logistics , food and other goods are too costly to import . 
  oil is more expensive . 
  our dependency of foreign imports hurts the deficit . 
  the interest rates paid to banks are high but that suits them . 
  the bailouts also go back into those same banks and corporations that feed our small country . 
  15 or even 30 % interest rates are a very appealing prizes . 
  there is no interest in our recovery . 
  only in now reforming our country . 
  privatizing essential areas like water , energy , even health and social security . 
  these are the troika demands . 
  and other eu and non eu companies are buying these up at garage sale prices . 
  much like the former ussr in 1990 . 
  northern economies still have financing . 
  their companies pay low interest rates for credit and can afford their way into our weak and now cheap country . 
  we have no credit lines . 
  our economy is depressed . 
  we take what we got . 
  and our companies are dying at alarming rates because money just is n't accessible to them . 
  this is the death of a country . 
  and all of this happens because corporate interests trumps eu ideals . 
  we 're becoming colonies and our people slaves . 
  now , people higher in the north , believe this is a problem exclusive to southern europe . 
  it is n't . 
  we were just the weakest link . 
  the game continues . 
  other countries will capitulate to those same corporate and financial interests , even mighty germany . 
  this eu is owned . 
  the eu is dead . 
  and it will end , badly . 
  true , but we find many germans who excessively dislike southern europeans . 
  if only we could swap . 
  funny you say that . 
  when i was a little boy i was many times barred along with my friends from auditioning for the teams , or even entering the fields and tracks . 
  in my small home town !, 
  at 9 years of age !, 
  we were forced to play on the streets and in deserted fields . 
  if you wanted to join the track team you 'd need to pay for everything , including track time !, 
  only rich kids got their chance . 
  and wealthy families ran the place for themselves . 
  most clubs suck . 
  really !, 
  they suck money from the state and city halls and distribute it among themselves , while bedding construction contractors to build overpriced stadiums in selected high priced land . 
  elitist pricks keep taking from their communities and give nothing but trouble back ... 
  milton freedman bundles ambition , necessity and expectations along with greed . 
  he has a skewed vision of freedom and human nature . 
  it 's not even worth debunking . 
  anyone with half a brain has witnessed first hand the failure of his aphorisms . 
  greed is evil . 
  not caring for consequences is evil . 
  not money . 
  not banks and not capitalism . 
  it does have some political weight . 
  same as suicide bombers . 
  it only loses influence when it becomes an ordinary occurrence . 
  but if that happens , it merely escalates . 
  we 're really slowly reaching the conclusion that everything about privatization is crap . 
  the so called `` free market '' and business culture is bent on dodging taxes and corrupting society . 
  from low wages to precariousness , environment destruction and basically screwing the next ones . 
  the problem would n't have even arisen if the euro was a solid project . 
  we should have never joined . 
  it 's better to default and have control over my economy currency than this slow death tied to nonsensical sadistic policies . 
  i bet if we had more control over our finances , the markets would think twice before doubting we can ever escape the debt hole we 're in . 
  germany risks nothing . 
  germany bails a country out and that money goes straight back into their own banks . 
  these banks in turn are able to invest and finance their home economy , unlike ours who ca n't finance shit . 
  germany decides what policies it wants implemented , they decide the deadlines and the interest rates that best suit them . 
  it 's power and influence are too great !,
