  are you even considering i 'd want to see my people slaughtered by germans over debt and corrupt politics ? 
  or that there is no other solution for germany if anyone does n't pay their debts ? 
  we are out of options but germany and the eu certainly are n't . 
  if they are , then i want no part of it . 
  i never signed my soul into this . 
  i wo n't have my kids grow in bunkers because of odious debt . 
  what a small and twisted mind you have . 
  you owe the bank 100 000 dollars and ca n't pay , then you have a problem . 
  you owe the bank 100\u00a0000\u00a0000 dollars and the bank has a problem . 
  allow me to explain myself so as to you not feel so insulted . 
  yes , portugal came from a long fascist period . 
  but we never aimed at world domination . 
  so this `` 4 ^ th reich '' expression goes beyond german . 
  it embodies the ultimate threat that was and it now belongs to the world . 
  more so to europe because we experienced it . 
  when another empire decides to fill nazi shoes , that 'll change . 
  the current situation is severe but it is a slow painful process . 
  did you know that roughly 2 % of the population emigrated in this past couple of years ? 
  thats some 200 000 people or 4 % of the working active people . 
  if a shock came , the political changes would be radically different . 
  the people would behave differently . 
  much like the slowly boiling frog analogy . 
  over my headless zombie corpse . 
  the act of `` getting rid '' of the cleptocrats and exiting the euro will likely be a joint move . 
  wo n't be pretty though . 
  portugal should leave the euro and the eu . 
  i know , i know , it seems suicidal but hear me out ... we 'd suffer hard for a couple of years but at least we 'd have control over our currency and over our productive land and sea . 
  no more unfair trade agreements or pressure into buying eu . 
  shock would force us to adapt . 
  things like putting company taxing below 10 % . 
  no more of this slow death milking us for every cent we have or could possibly create . 
  stop the ongoing shady privatizations of key areas of the economy like water energy or transportation . 
  selling our water and energy companies to the chinese . 
  in my book that 's nationalization ... for china . 
  if the eu does n't federalize with a clear strategy and fiscal union , and it wo n't because it 's rotten to the core . 
  then , there is no sense in continuing this charade . 
  as for the arguments of `` then give back what you received all these years '' . 
  this is tricky one to shake off but we have n't got it and to show it , our incomes rank lowest in the 12 eu . 
  we were robbed for years . 
  if you want it back , then use embargoes or your detective skills . 
  most of that money is likely abroad and not here . 
  and the built infrastructure is all to crumble without money to pay for it 's maintenance . 
  if still you 're not satisfied then invade . 
  we 'll at least have something to do while starving and legitimizing our claim that the eu was hijacked into an authoritarian and corporatist 4 ^ th reich . 
  makes them eligible for more handouts . 
  10 people jumped from the d. lu\u00eds bridge in porto in less than a month . 
  news of this have been shut down for fear of contagion . 
  2 couples did it , leaving small children , and all cases according to my police sources say it was debt and jobless related . 
  none of this is official but i 've heard it from the officers . 
  and banks are repossessing left and right and it is more profitable than to let people stay or renegotiate . 
  do n't believe otherwise . 
  if you look you 'll find the sick man of europe is actually a woman . 
  sadistically sick . 
  stoneage fucktards . 
  being politically weak does n't help . 
  the german industrial and financial lobby is too strong . 
  if a politician goes against them , he gets shot down , discouraged , discredited , demonized in the media . 
  of course there is a lack of backbone , as you say , moral backbone and mostly intelligence from our politicians . 
  they just want the easy life . 
  the people is stupid as always , for believing in mainstream media and letting themselves be fooled over and over again . 
  our country is ungovernable . 
  what you call * poor decisions * are often linked with german political lobbying and even active corruption by german industry . 
  we could buy russian or american weapons and vehicles but from the eu comes political pressure for us to buy in europe , at higher less competitive prices . 
  muahahahahahahahahahahaha can not stop laughing ahahahha where is our good old german patriot friend that spammed greek posts with that line ? 
  no regime change . 
  who said anything of the sort ? 
  just pressure into structural reforms and less austerity over the people . 
  and germany can do whatever it wants , even puppeteer a regime in xxi century eu . 
  we will be grinding each other to bits by the end of the decade . 
  i have no hope or trust in a united europe . 
  i want germany to push the government into making structural reforms instead of austerity on the people . 
  do n't pay our debts , but do n't allow the corrupt sadist currently in charge to run our society into the ground by not reforming or revoking privileges given out of political promiscuity . 
  merkel is fine with or does n't care if our people is taxed to extinction and that is unacceptable . 
  she does it because our prime-minister is of her party and sides with her everytime . 
  hyperinflation really ? 
  by printing or qe 's ? 
  the us have been printing around the clock for decades and no hyperinflation there . 
  all other stuff you mention is just dead wrong . 
  i 'm on my phone and wo n't even bother . 
  hyperinflation really ? 
  by printing or qe 's ? 
  the us have been printing around the clock for decades and no hyperinflation there . 
  all other stuff you mention is just dead wrong . 
  i 'm on my phone and wo n't even bother . 
  for crying out loud , defaulting would n't solve our problem !, 
  in a few years , without the needed structural reform , we 'd be back to the place we are now . 
  but i believe austerity is wrong . 
  what needs to be done is to end corruption and disruption . 
  the government is or has been corrupted and there are many legalities preventing reform . 
  the same contracts and privileges that were granted should be revoked and people thrown in jail for not acting in the peoples interest . 
  you know , to keep some sort of social peace . 
  shady privatizations , bailouts , an infinite number of scandals involving members of parliament . 
  also , the markets and big capital own all european legislative processes so we 're part of a much bigger problem . 
  we just happened to be the weakest link after greece and ireland . 
  other will follow and germany as well . 
  also , defaulting in this market scenario would leave us economically crippled as no investor would touch any of our debt . 
  as if this is going to change anything ... 
  multiculturalism has been poorly handled . 
  agree ? 
  practically , we got a lot of attrition in society .
