  only one will definitely cut your head off for not living the way god intended you to live . 
  israel could wipe hungary off the map overnight . 
  `` tensions '' win reelections . 
  make it 5 % if it means people can use and download whatever they want as long as it 's for noncommercial use . 
  but i think everyone agrees that it 'll never be enough for them . 
  and they , along with their families , will get murdered or blown up for it soon enough . 
  that 's the beauty of these loans and the system . 
  they 're designed to not only leave whoever borrowed utterly bankrupted and destroyed beyond recovery , but also with the guilt and responsibility of the whole thing while the lenders look magnanimous as they literally draw the last drops of blood from that people . 
  it 's devilishly brilliant , actually . 
  and unstoppable by now . 
  it will only end with mutual destruction . 
  germany 's biggest `` export '' is odious debt . 
  pretensious editorial decisions . 
  of course i 'm placing my ideology . 
  and i view the same for all monarchies and countries . 
  but it 's just one opinion - my opinion . 
  if the people want monarchy , then by all means . 
  you now that this is a ultimately a question of principles . 
  things can change really fast and damage dutch society far more than it benefits them now . 
  we 're holding on to traditions that do n't make sense anymore . 
  even being pragmatical about it should lead us to question monarchy and eventually walk away from it . 
  take the spanish example . 
  their royal family was actually popular a few decades ago . 
  look at them now ? 
  they 've nearly fallen in disgrace in all aspects . 
  things are becoming known . 
  the suffering and humilliation of their queen . 
  the promiscuity of their king . 
  the epic lack of tact . 
  every kind of corruption plagues that family . 
  they 're a dysfunctional family in one of the worst times in spain 's recent history . 
  are they helping spanish society ? 
  are they leading by example ? 
  how long ago were they considered popular and respected ? 
  please , some spanish input here would be nice . 
  maybe the dutch monarchy has not been volatile and are actually good people with sound values and useful , but who knows how it could play out into the future ? 
  it may even make them easy targets or subjecting them to extreme stress . 
  by whatever angle i look at it , it still feels wrong to maintain any kind of monarchical system . 
  i believe there should be a limit to how wealthy a person can be , as well as corporations . 
  and that this culture of hoarding wealth and resources is creating serious problems to society and the planet . 
  i also think children/descendants should have their inheritances limited . 
  a while back there was a thread asking for unpopular opinions . 
  i got seriously punished for this one . 
  it comes with many risks . 
  and if you look at history , the odds of having a good monarch are slim and their upbringing is usually questionable . 
  portugal had a handful of good monarchs and many mediocre ones , often manipulated by powerful families while being kept ignorant and indoctrinated by the church . 
  besides , being born into wealth and privilege can foster bad character vices . 
  not to mention it is n't a just privilege . 
  while some can feel good about them , i believe most would feel badly represented , oppressed and unwilling to maintain their way of life . 
  even a head of state merely for decorative and ceremonial purposes is a bad example to the people . 
  it 's a somewhat * tabloidish celebrity-big-brother gossipy * way of maintaining a national identity , thus deteriorating family values . 
  things can go south really fast these days . 
  as much as i dislike current politicians and the corruption that permeates parliament , i could never agree to a monarchy . 
  it just is n't a sound investment nor is it a just representation of a country . 
  who 's stopping you from wearing them ? 
  people born and bred into a life privilege ... forgive me if i sound rude and i 'm not questioning characters , but i really wanted civilization past this stage by now . 
  europe 's problems will never get any better . 
  the world is far too small to keep satisfying current global needs like economic growth , energy , food , water , ores . 
  prepare for conflict . 
  we would stand better chances united but the eu is broken beyond repair . 
  why ? 
  what good reasons is there to join ? 
  only if they intend to * fully * comply with the dutch and british bank multi-billion euro ultimatum . 
  iceland has everything it needs to be self-sufficient and maintain sovereignty . 
  while modern day eu is all about cannibalizing itself under the tightening grip of banking mafias . 
  german people are responsible for german banks . 
  german banks like the deutsche bank are pure fucking evil . 
  every day i hear talk like that here . 
  it 's escalating , but we have n't quite reached spain 's level of `` discontent '' . 
  stats are n't even possible inside certain non-european ghettos . 
  a trip to the many muslim ghettos in the suburbs of paris would shock you . 
  the police does n't even enter those places . 
  they 're not evil . 
  they just do n't care . 
  do yourself a favor and read the whole thing . 
  it 's rolling stone . 
  those undertones are to be expected . 
  that 's not a debunk , besides , this piece of news did n't result of a rolling stone investigation . 
  this is just being known by governments and hardly any media is willing to touch it yet . 
  there 's plastic almost wax like fruit here too . 
  whenever i 'm in the country i get a chance to the illegal fruit ( natural and imperfect ) . 
  the taste is so much better . 
  i agree some of it is ugly , crazy colors , small and odd shaped but they taste much better than the prettier ones . 
  given so many people ca n't afford healthcare , a lot must be unaccounted for . 
  somebody please debunk this ... 
  the tragic beauty of selfishness and shortsightedness . 
  way to go europe . 
  austerity , the economic crisis , all that leads to instability and eventually has it 's impact in relations and families . 
  i 'm not surprised that divorces are higher than ever . 
  i do n't mistake it for women empowerment . 
  people are stressed and the media spins and spews hate and negativity all the time !!, 
  seriously , check the news contents !, 
  crisis crisis crisis , murder , violence , war , corruption , etc. 
  99 % of news is about bad things , given in a revolting way , so as to provoke viewers and increase ratings . 
  i do n't watch it anymore . 
  i know some things need to be denounced but the power struggles are getting out of hand . 
  so , if distrust and anti-establishment is hip or sells subscriptions , damn the consequences !, 
  everything and everyone is corrupt or being corrupted and so , everything ends , and badly . 
  marriages too . 
  the germans said so so it ~ ~ must be right ~ ~ has to be so .
