  education ranks low , so do women 's rights . 
  abhorrent religious and cultural practices regularly shock the world and trample human rights . 
  portugal is peaceful . 
  has it 's own identity and is in no way considering separatism , apart from autonomous regions . 
  also ranks really low in criminal activity and respects human rights . 
  but i did n't want to compare really . 
  pakistan needs to evolve and not devolve socially . 
  it has probably the most beautiful eden-like place on earth - the indus valley . 
  and they have a lot going for them in terms of resources , certainly much more than we have . 
  i replied to the fellow german below . 
  in case you do n't see the post under all those german down votes . 
  i 'm anti the * current * eu , which i see as completely dominated by germany and acting solely with german interests at heart . 
  in such a setting , i 'd rather portugal leaves as this is n't working out . 
  smaller regions would ensure a more proper distribution of tax income , and make people more engaged in politics and related to their communities . 
  i 'm very pro regionalization in my country . 
  we 'd need to overhaul the justice system as corruption could still be a problem . 
  splendidly !, 
  certainly not worse than the current state we 're in . 
  it would iron out much of the inequalities and imbalances . 
  no one should have them . 
  already too many have them . 
  pakistan is a nuclear capable smudge of a country . 
  they 'll eventually fall on islamic extremists and destroy the planet . 
  i dislike the concept of a country . 
  it 's anachronistic . 
  smaller autonomous regions make much more sense in the context of the eu . 
  another bold move . 
  but given there will be little or no consequences to any of this ... 
  yeah , for actually trying to rally support and action against russia . 
  i hate barroso , but he 's right about putin . 
  is it that implausible to consider greed , political manipulation and citizen complacency as the key ingredients to this crisis ? 
  at the eu . 
  at the countries and leaders shoving austerity down peoples throats . 
  yes . 
  the rich are getting megarich while the poor are getting poorer and the middle class is evaporating . 
  exactly as planned . 
  you 're rationalizing and assuming the south is an unruly bunch and unworthy of support . 
  what is the purpose of the eu then , if not to create homogeneous economic prosperity ? 
  if not to develop the whole of the members of europe ? 
  because having to move a few thousand miles away from home and family is hardly a measure for success or economic development . 
  particularly when these do n't return and take with them the native countries best chances and years of educational efforts ... off to benefit another economy . 
  you see beauty in a free moving market . 
  i do too . 
  but i see a tragic beauty in the current free moving market . 
  that too is being exploited . 
  not everything is being improved . 
  far from it . 
  the periphery is slowly devolving into what it once was decades ago in a huge social setback , while the european core grows in wealth and power . 
  too many convenient and converging results . 
  particularly when the global eu decision making is being hijacked/taken to pursue their own selfish interests . 
  it wo n't be long until the eu is dissolved or becomes a two tiered project . 
  after all resources are drained and we are a meaningless protectorate . 
  a place to spend the holidays . 
  even after outed as political demagogues , people still vote for these spineless self-interested politicians . 
  this is why we wo n't get nice things anymore - stupid people and their reckless voting . 
  i 'm not mad about the people . 
  i 'm mad at the country creating such conditions to absorb brains to favor their own industries . 
  the brain drain is but one aspect of this . 
  this crisis is an engineered one aimed at favoring one large economy at the heart of europe . 
  it will not end anytime soon , at least not while there are resources to be drained . 
  why is n't this being talked in the political discourse ? 
  the media ? 
  why are n't people becoming rightfully angry at this ? 
  they let wolves lead their flock . 
  suicide by stupidity if you ask me . 
  here 's a news flash for you : merkel and germany are exploiting southern europe . 
  germany designed this crisis from the getgo and is keeping this crisis going , so as to dig itself from the 2008 financial debacle their private banking sector , stupidly and heavily bought into wallstreet financial garbage . 
  but germany would n't stop there , no !, 
  it tasted blood . 
  now the crisis is prolonged because it 's good for germany . 
  they are bleeding the eu of wealth and resources through austerity . 
  bleeding the uk , france and all the other countries taxpayers in the form of resource grabbing , bailouts , megadeals ( privatizations galore and better financing of german firms over others ) to german industries and by keeping these countries buying from germany , obviously at usurious debt levels . 
  these countries , my country , have very little maneuverability or control over the economy given the euro is a currency either conceived by a child during lunch break , amateur economists or just a villainous self-interested ethnocentric country . 
  our countries do whatever the eu , in this case merkel and her minions say , even if conflicting or is predictably impossible . 
  up until 2009 , the eu was recommending to take on debt and building mass infrastructure to fight the slumbering of the economy , now it 's the other opposite . 
  amateurs ? 
  my children would run the better economy than this . 
  and merkel always has her scapegoat `` oh they did n't reform nor did what they were told '' . 
  they 're lazy and ineffective . 
  a sort of disenchantment that will ultimately end with the parting of ways . 
  but no while there 's money to be made here . 
  germany did their fair share of ignoring the 3 % deficit limit . 
  nobody crucified germany the way she crucifies every country doing this . 
  but obviously , you 're too in love with the `` poster boys for economic might '' to even conceive them to be on the wrong side of things . 
  i would find comfort in seeing an end to this exploitation , either here or anywhere really . 
  sadly , i do n't . 
  what i see is a form of micromanagement of misery and a slow economic death . 
  politically disabled and low character leadership serving the interests of a corporate and banking elite that has long gone global and could n't give a shit about europeans . 
  2.9 $ / h is amazing . 
  a while back i went to a job interview with a friend ( i am self-employed ) and they offered a 5h per day part-time with erratic schedules for 250,00 $ per month . 
  doing the math it amounts to 2 euros per hour . 
  but the kicker was this , not only was this lowly paid , it had objectives !, 
  ... and you had to pay your own social security , which is a whopping 124,90 monthly . 
  without lunch subsidy and without transport subsidy . 
  not only was this schedule impossible to live with or having second job with , being erratic ( nights this week , mornings the next and such ) it paid less than 1 euro per hour and without taking into account transport and food . 
  it was outraging . 
  and he did n't get the job !, 
  because there were a whole bunch of people willing to accept that . 
  we are not improving . 
  if you believe the truncated bullshit data , you 're a fool .
