  everybody had credit to buy and the markets apparently thrived with all this surge in forwarded debt , as did the german industry with the sudden explosion in purchasing power of this upcoming middle class in their easy to access markets . 
  people who would have difficulty paying their new homes got them anyway and were even encouraged to . 
  in europe , so did many governments embarked on this , `` encouraged '' to modernize their countries . 
  military contracts poured , large infrastructures , railways , steel , concrete , oil and overall consumerism . 
  this made some countries , particularly those with high industrial output , very dominant and successful . 
  then came the harsh mathematical reality and there you have it , people and countries going belly up . 
  a lot of song and dance and straight refusals to acknowledge the roots of the problem and dragging it * ad nauseum * at the expense of all the eu citizens and taxpayers . 
  this kind of problem should n't even have arisen if the true spirit of the post-war eu was still alive along with some sense of justice or even common sense !, 
  ms merkel and mr sarkozy should delete themselves from the history books . 
  they are literally playing the eu for saps and their short shortsightedness is infuriating . 
  the markets play them like puppets . 
  the eu is now the world 's weakest link because it has the weakest politicians - greedy , stubborn and far from the bright and lucid minds that once shaped the eu . 
  country after country will fall because of this warped sense of * ethos * sweeping the continent . 
  out with them , now !, 
  but it 's late and the democratic prozac does n't favor blitz politics . 
  it 's already geared to fail so brace yourselves , winter is definitely coming for us . 
  the upcoming suffering and death toll will be on their hands . 
  and do n't laugh . 
  it may seem a bit of a stretch , but the eu is all that stands between dialogue and war ( and what a whole new level of war it could be ) . 
  it may not come right away , but it will come , and not just from within our borders . 
  was my downvote shower caused by people taking me seriously or not laughing about it ? 
  either case , it 's just sad !, 
  and have an upvote my friend !, 
  * this just in !, 
  the german army has invaded poland !, 
  i think the only way to go past this is to accept regionalization ( regions with large degree of autonomy ) in a european union context . 
  answering only to eu institutions . 
  enough of the big city capitals of every country scooping up all the available budget meant for that country 's people . 
  it promotes desertification . 
  if anything , most of the people living outside the busy centers are at a severe disadvantage . 
  it 's so unfair !, 
  i ca n't believe more has n't been done about it . 
  you drive away from lisbon or madrid and the difference is mind boggling , on every possible level . 
  i think he means psychopaths are good manipulators , which they are . 
  in any way , i 'm inclined to see this as authentic and coming from a excessively sensitive person . 
  i do n't think it has any place in politics though . 
  in fact , and given the current state of things , i 'd even prefer a draconian ai or even aliens to rule us humans . 
  the whole planet is a train wreck and nobody is daring to face up to the real cause of this problem . 
  what ? 
  dear god , are you for real ? 
  they lost portugal ? 
  before spain even existed , the kingdom of portugal already existed with pretty well defined borders ( to the north and east ) and identity !, 
  show some culture . 
  are you talking about the economically disastrous union of some decades , in the 16 ^ th century , that ended with a violent uprising ? 
  that lack of succession literally destroyed the portuguese empire , but i do n't blame spain , just our piously fanatic catholic king with no military insight whatsoever and brainwashed by the clergy . 
  yeah , if it were our minister , he 'd have to set himself on fire or flog himself while announcing the austerity measures . 
  and yes , they are that bad . 
  much worse than italy 's . 
  i 'm rooting for portugal to get germany and france . 
  karma will be a bitch . 
  the thing is , i do n't see any sustainability in any of the global economical models . 
  fiat currency is runaway train with no more tracks in sight . 
  free market is beyond fraud !, 
  it is heartless and dehumanizing for it attacks the very foundations of any community . 
  i do n't want a europe that just survives , i want it to be leading the way and change the entire socioeconomical system . 
  whats is it exactly we got going for us ( europeans ) at the moment ? 
  germany does n't need the eu anymore . 
  there are other emerging markets to absorb it 's industrial output . 
  cold are the german ways . 
  i actually google `` mone '' . 
  * facepalm *, 
  bankster mentality is bleeding the eu and taking down countries one by one . 
  the potential profits are at an all time high and the eu is letting itself be eaten alive by the markets . 
  markets plant the seeds of distrust , conflict , while at the same time influence government policies through lobbying and other dirt tactics . 
  they literally own and finance all parties and politicians . 
  so , no market regulation will ever come , no agreements will ever come , no useful legislation will get passed , no treaties will get amended and no constitution will get re-written up . 
  they have leverage not only over politics but also over the media , keeping viewers infuriated at each other . 
  they 're even electing their own minions to ensure the massive theft does not stop . 
  there is no sustainability in this and large-scale conflict looms on the horizon . 
  you do n't piss off close to a billion people and expect to get away with it . 
  it is going to end badly , for everyone . 
  the huge funds and financial institutions betting on the eu collapse . 
  or , the same that are dictating policies through bankster lobbying . 
  the same that have deathly leverages over nearly all political parties , congresses , senates , presidents and ministers on both sides of the atlantic . 
  you wo n't see anyone in the media pointing a finger at those . 
  you know why ? 
  they influence them as well . 
  let 's just dismiss this as one big conspiracy and let the grown-ups do the talking , shall we ? 
  even in denmark , should things take a turn for the worse , i have no doubt we 'd see a rise in religious fervor . 
  fear , despair , alienation , abandonment are the ingredients and sadly that 's how it works in every society . 
  religiosity is n't dead , it 's merely dormant due to current favorable living conditions in eu . 
  turn the heat up and you see a return to this highly contagious atavistic state . 
  i 've been meaning to say it for some time ... but i did n't want to hurt my r/europe british friends . 
  oh , so your suggesting i must be full of it when i refer you to a respected man and scholar , that has lectured across the whole planet , in many different and respected universities . 
  clearly i must have a hidden agenda so as to fit your view of things and that multiculturalism is running smoothly . 
  he 's not a quack , he does not have a hidden agenda . 
  he merely warns of the issues arising with integrating multiple ethnicities in a homogenic group . 
  if you pair these studies with basic psychology and cultural identity issues by a myriad of researchers or even historical records ( if one should even equate them ) you 'll see it . 
  the problems arise . 
  distrust and conflict arise between all ethnicities . 
  it 's a well know social problem for millenia . 
  it also leads to bigger problems . 
  and here lies the real problem , the one we must anticipate . 
  how do you spread individuals ? 
  ghettos do n't form not by government orders and you ca n't order someone where to live . 
  nowadays , ghettos form naturally by many many reasons . 
  what you 're even hinting is quite fascist in nature . 
  i mean , you seem a well intended person but do n't make things up . 
  it does n't help . 
  at all !,
