  the map relates to 2009 figures and in that year there were a little over a 100 000 births and 34 000 abortions !!, 
  at least it 's not a widely discussed issue and there is still very little stigma that i 'm aware of . 
  but this last one is but my opinion ... tl ; dr for good or bad , portugal is , yet again , on the opposite and unexpected side of the charts . 
  lol, 
  melilla is more trouble than it 's worth . 
  although the outcome is a good one , i know that it only stems out of the magistrates selfishness . 
  this is a class that has escaped most of the austerity blunt , due to an immense political leverage . 
  of nearly all measures , they and a few others are repeatedly exempt . 
  they got to keep things like chauffeurs , vehicles , subsidized housing and others , despite them being at the top of earned incomes . 
  the measures they sought to dismiss as unconstitutional were one of the few that would have them penalized . 
  all others they managed to become exempt . 
  i smell a war . 
  not in portugal , i think . 
  then again , there might be some program or scholarship that could make you more eligible for tuition support than the poorest of portuguese students and completely bypass the whole 1000 to 5000 euros per year costs . 
  over here things are at that level of kafkaesque ... 
  i have n't left and i feel my brain being drained . 
  as portuguese , this also sickens me . 
  there is an ongoing effort to dismantle , defund and privatize public education . 
  make it a higher class privilege in what reeks of `` the old days '' of the dictatorship , in which the masses were kept undereducated . 
  and this line of thought has inflitrated unions , political parties and of course , it has the golden touch of the bankster families . 
  in a little over a decade , tuitions rose 400 to 2000 % in some cases . 
  and there are choirs of supposedly enlightened people urging the youths not to pursue higher education , because of high unemployment . 
  such short sightedness ... and tuition help or scholarships have been `` obviously '' replaced by bank loans . 
  as an example from the ways of `` the old days '' , my mother was the smartest little girl in primary school , and this was in a time where there in 4th grade ( end of primary school ) you knew as much as a current day 10th grader . 
  she had so much science and math potential and yet she was unable to continue and put to work at age 9 as a house maid . 
  this crushed entire generations potential . 
  and all of it just to keep the status quo . 
  politics of paranoia . 
  make the voting be about the fear of losing it all . 
  the more you have , the more you stand to lose . 
  but wealth is often painted by politicians as a big bullseye . 
  those who have expectations far beyond what 's reasonable or even possible . 
  in other words , eutopians , multikultis and that priviliged baby boomer generation that has a problem thinking beyond their immediate needs, 
  relevant username . 
  an increasingly less elaborate illusion . 
  the norwegian [ blackmetal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_norwegian_black_metal_scene ) scene , which i followed ( and i admit i still do ) is fascinating . 
  that and the countries beautiful scenery , which is exotically antipodal to ours in the european context . 
  i never met much of the people , apart from musicians like dimmu borgir and the kovenant who played in portugal back in the day . 
  all nice guys . 
  the uk is self sufficient if it ever decides to rely on itself . 
  russia is a prize as valued as the whole of africa . 
  in the coming decades new paradigm , one of nanotechnology , world disorder ( tribalism ) and fierce competition ; living space and basic resources will be highly sought after , and russia has the advantage of having them . 
  however , russia will be torn to shreds from all sides . 
  it 's in a geopolitical trap . 
  china , india and the islam * istans in the south . 
  hungry europe in the west and untrustworthy old us and japan in the east . 
  all \u00fcberdense hordes , moving in with the hunger of billions . 
  this of course , will be in an age where countries do n't matter anymore . 
  weep for russia , only because she is trembling . 
  it 's basically a css issue . 
  portugal does it too . 
  ireland is not the only one . 
  i do n't give a damn about origins , color or credes . 
  as long as the incoming people do n't become disproportionately represented in crime and other unlawful or morally abusive practices . 
  it 's difficult to integrate anyone when there is a mindset of prejudice , but if after a few generations , the newer generations do n't adjust and are actually ( in general ) more radical and poorly integrated , committing more crimes than the natives and refusing to change certain practices , then there is no point in ignoring it , however unfair it may seem . 
  the policies have to change . 
  but those who did n't fail at integration should not be discriminated . 
  a change in policy does n't necessarily need to make a clean slate out of everyone . 
  it just needs to become more enforcive and weed out the bad members . 
  and rehabilitation should n't come by throwing money at the problem . 
  if there is an open door to a country and said country has poorly integrated citizens , then incoming migrants will pick up those bad influences or at the very least be discriminated because of them . 
  it 's very difficult to have this discussion without being buried under downvotes or being lightly labeled an islamophobic racist stormfronter neonazi white supremacist . 
  great !, 
  third time 's the charm !, 
  is of genius !, 
  banks went on a lending spree , going to great lengths to lure people into easy credit . 
  governments and their absent regulation failed miserably to control them , as it is failing now by not letting them be punished for it . 
  there 's a lot of rap fans on this thread ( read the article if you do n't get why i mention rap ) . 
  i read the article and it 's unbiased and objective . 
  and so i shared because it was in english . 
  but i also frowned upon the domain name , though . 
  hate speech . 
  preaching violence towards women and everyone in general . 
  glorifying underachievement and crime . 
  the list goes on ... makes such a good influence on the young . 
  why ? 
  the colder climate favors stronger and taller builds . 
  hotter and wetter climates , favor small shorter builds . 
  you can see this in europe and in china . 
  there are exceptions of course , some african tribes are comprised of skinny giants . 
  but this is mostly due to smaller populations and certain phenotypes that got the chance to shine . 
  that 's why further up the latitudes , we get troll like giants . 
  also , taller people live on average fewer years than average to short ones . 
  ronaldo looks like a pimpled teenager . 
  he 's not good looking at all . 
  face wise ... 
  great . 
  but this is only to highly mechanized factories . 
  the employability behind this is relatively small , however highly skilled !, 
  and all that profit goes straight into corporate offshore accounts . 
  to be fair , historically speaking , the spanish inquisition was a pale shadow of the portuguese inquisition . 
  ours was much more brutal . 
  however , you did gain points for that whole mesoamerican genocide . 
  for a couple of centuries , spain was the spawning grownd of the world 's most vicious mass murderers . 
  we should change name from eu to ku !, 
  * kafkaesque * union also ... `` gangster rapper dmx , who said in one of his songs : `` if you got a daughter older than 15 i 'm gon na rape her '' . 
  is currently widely available for purchase , comfortably and happily within the eu !, 
  not only that , but he 's [ touring here next month ] ( http://www.dmxtour.com/europe-tour/ ) !, 
  welcome to the thug . 
  if my daughter was raped , even if remotely linked to this thugs lyrics and ethos , i 'd gun him down myself .
