  the country went to shit afterwards . 
  i have no hopes turkey will remain secular . 
  i 'm pretty sure islam worldwide will eventually unite in their hatred for modern civilization and anything non islamic . 
  it 's in it 's genetic code to jihad and to subdue . 
  [ and if you 're waiting on moderates ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yalud8jpv7q ) ( serioulsy , watch this 10 min clip ) keep in mind that it is 3.0 version of ultra-violent abrahamic religions , that came about as a far more resilient form of religion and thus wanting control over the populace . 
  it includes everything in it 's ideological matrix and is self-sustainable . 
  it will not integrate and it will not tolerate anything but islam . 
  to me this is aching to a social infection thriving on indoctrination . 
  pretty radical to say this , but it is that bad . 
  same goes for all religions . 
  indoctrination is a violation of human rights . 
  end it and all this goes away in a couple of generations . 
  sure , other things may occupy us , hopefully more honest in but at least not this anymore . 
  the eu rejecting turkey is fuel for radicalization ? 
  what else ? 
  eating pork ? 
  banning face masks in public ? 
  i 'd say pretty much everything western is fuel for radicalization !, 
  and muslim cultures are very thin skinned . 
  should we accommodate them out of fear ? 
  hell no . 
  it 's anti secular , anti civil liberties and would violate plenty human rights to accommodate them . 
  if other religions need to adjust , so should islam . 
  oh and buffer states do n't work like that . 
  a buffer state needs to be outside and not within . 
  otherwise , why would russia be so adamant against ukraine adhering to the eu ? 
  by your own measure it would be a buffer state . 
  turkey is fine as it is although conflict is inevitable . 
  it will want to destabilize the middle east in favor of sunnis and will be outside schengen space . 
  if that changes , we 're doomed . 
  the jihadists will metastasize freely within the eu and that will put us on a much violent path against what i see is an unbeatable enemy - islam - that thrives on victimization and fears nothing on this earth . 
  if you think the far right is an issue here , imagine their popular support after a constant string bombings . 
  how would that change the political landscape of our continent ? 
  i have a hard time considering it as such . 
  first , it 's hyperbole for shock/retorical value . 
  second , he argues conflicting things are way better because of that `` misery '' , such as art , science , literature . 
  third , he has lived there for almost 30 years and is n't planning to leave , as he is a part of it . 
  should i enumerate the many bad aspects of portuguese culture ? 
  everything is a compromise ... 
  i do n't doubt amazon and the ilk ( google , apple , microsoft , etc. ), 
  have a hand on the current taxation debauchery with it 's lobbying and hand greasing . 
  if these corporate monsters paid their taxes and did n't work to destroy labor rights , there 'd be a middle class still . 
  and most certainly , they 'd probably be better off . 
  a race to the bottom it is . 
  i 've witnessed this dangerous mindset . 
  it 's even mba material . 
  it 's a shame ukraine wo n't have any money to buy them . 
  ukraine is utterly bankrupt and it 's prospects for the coming months are terrible . 
  it 's so bad , putin is doing nothing but biding his time expecting them to pull the eu further into recession . 
  inflation trauma ? 
  do you believe that crap ? 
  the motivation behind this is n't fear of anything . 
  it 's greed and various ethnocentric reasons . 
  it is n't random either . 
  it 's by design . 
  hell , i 'd cut ties to germany overnight !, 
  default on odious debt and tell them to fuck off . 
  i expect a lot of downvotes , but this is the sentiment . 
  no point in beating around the bush . 
  a taste of things to come . 
  i would n't call it xenophobia . 
  perhaps to the thin skinned ... you see , there 's a lot of self-loathing and lack of restraint in what he writes . 
  but he does n't seem to be lying either . 
  i bet his office environment has become wonderful these past few weeks . 
  i wonder how many times a day the related wikipedia entries get changed ? 
  there are active users here claiming turkey is n't tacitly complicit with the is . 
  when denial does n't work they apology is that is has ( had ) turkish hostages . 
  erdogan is an islamist thug , with an obscure and likely brutal theocratic agenda . 
  he must be out of his fucking mind if he thinks europe needs his kind . 
  btw : my government is for turkey to join the eu . 
  i 'm dead against it . 
  we do n't need more islamic fanaticism in europe . 
  we do n't need religious doctrine seeping into politics at all !, 
  what we need is to out the thugs and terrorist supporters . 
  those collecting payoffs , political or economical , from the butchering of innocent people . 
  and this goes for the people , the political leaders and the corporations . 
  expecting a declaration of war any day now . 
  i facepalmed during the portuguese eurodeputy intervention . 
  her arguments were so weak and she was so unarticulate ... 
  i woud n't trust these people with managing a grocery store , let alone a 500 million strong union . 
  to be fair , iraq and afghanistan are probably the most visited spots in the past decade by americans ... soldiers . 
  how modest and accurate of them . 
  i was n't fighting for my life either while there . 
  there were just a lot more gypsies and romani than usual . 
  that and the clubbing scene being heavier and violent . 
  i rolled around south without issues , although i did hear brits complaining about it becoming increasingly violent . 
  the algarve has it 's fair share of problems too , with eastern gangs and romani beating old people ( foreigners particularly ) into a pulp in their remote villas . 
  would n't you ? 
  there 's an upside to all this . 
  a sort of gem like status gets preserved . 
  it 's good there are somewhat undiscovered or undervisited tourism paradises on earth . 
  maybe it 's a good thing . 
  our occupation rate is around 99 % in the summer ... 
  they basically pump out a movie every now and then rest on it . 
  we should encourage air companies/travel agencies to come here . 
  make them very good conditions tax wise , much like the current tax exemption given to retired europeans . 
  alsso , we do n't lobby very well and they fail to attract movie biz and other big cultural events . 
  we should be granting tax breaks for filming here . 
  and organizing world events . 
  and pushing for more portugal on he media , such as film and series .
