  countries are not as flexible , hence the needed regulation . 
  right now , both are incompatible and only few will remain standing unless action ( regulation ) is taken . 
  you ask of the debtors and rightly so but the creditors are not suicidal . 
  they know when enough is enough and when to back off over risk of losing 100 % of investments . 
  it 's a country 's or eu negotiation power and skills that can make the difference here . 
  haircuts can be negotiated as can time-frames and even rules . 
  ofcourse it is n't being negotiated because banksters own the world 's legislative process and make sure 100 % debt is paid in full . 
  but as you 've witness with greece , they took a haircut when facing higher losses , which means they bleed as well . 
  it is n't a conspiracy . 
  it is a natural expectation in the final days of a predatory capitalist society - ever increasing power and wealth to those who already have it . 
  as an example of how bad things are just look at portugal . 
  we have a imf loan of 5.5 % and a negative growth . 
  we need to grow more than 5 % a year to cope with those rates . 
  even on a 15 year time-frame , it is impossible . 
  there are no predictions that in the coming decade we 'll be controlling the deficit and growing enough as the brics !, 
  it 's insane !, 
  why then , did they loan in the first place ? 
  because of the many measures that the imf imposes . 
  privatization of social security , health services , water , land and power companies . 
  that and making sure the money flows towards the banks and 12bn have already flowed in their way from an 80bn loan . 
  the future is corporatization . 
  financial clusters owning entire countries and their citizens , dictating policies and exerting total-control over everything . 
  why ? 
  i do n't know ... for eons that conquering has been a human trait and power corrupts everything . 
  could also be a natural thing to occur in a capitalist society . 
  all past civilizations fell . 
  but we still have a chance to balance things out and that is within our current and rapidly closing time-frame . 
  if we do nothing we 'll deserve whats coming . 
  sure we can blame it on the leaders and even on the people . 
  but the thing is that the much needed eu prevention mechanisms have all failed !, 
  not just with greece but with may other countries and even those economically sound like france or germany . 
  we enabled the deregulated market and brought about all these vulnerabilities . 
  we are now at the mercy of large funds that own and speculate at will !, 
  and wherever they go the investing sheep follow . 
  but there 's a much bigger elephant in the room !, 
  the ammount of debt in the north-western hemisphere is unpayable . 
  the whole system is an unsustainable ponzi scheme bound to blow up anytime now and we 're quickly reaching that black hole of debt 's event horizon . 
  the barely seen itsy bitsy dot of darker color ovelapping central lisbon coincides with the crooked politicians that make up our central government and parliament . 
  everyone else is choking on debt and ramping prices . 
  this map tells the tale of the last 30 years in portugal - 2 political parties pocketing eu money . 
  on a eu wide level i see the eu crisis going further and further down the spiral . 
  i see greece defaulting and exiting the euro along with countrywide rioting and misery . 
  we 'll be witnessing it live without being willing to do anything about it . 
  portugal may or may not go the same way . 
  it 's touch and go . 
  france and germany will be speared by two new heads of state , even less willing to compromise in light of crippling bailouts and their political frailty . 
  this means no agreements and no federalization . 
  it 's a terrible scenario that will unfold by the end of 2012 and into 2013 . 
  more and more economic depression and the dissolution of the old eu into a smaller northern core , still with the euro . 
  southern countries will be forced to reintroduce their old currencies and partially default on their debt . 
  it will mean very hard times for the south . 
  prices will soar and our economies will take a  50 % hit . 
  in the us , obama wins the reelection but remains tied by congress and other interests . 
  there will be another bubble bursting - student loans ; and string of bailouts due to european debt exposure . 
  i doubt bank of america survives 2012 along with the dollar as it currently stands . 
  a war with iran is a near certainty . 
  iran does n't stand a chance and will be forced into submission either by israel alone or by the us . 
  this will make some commodities soar and countries topple in europe . 
  china will experience a real estate bubble and a slowing of its industrial output as well as growth but will remain in control of it . 
  it 's a rigid political system ruling over a submissive people already used to authoritarian regimes . 
  china will invest in southern europe making scooping up bargain after bargain in the newly privatized energy sectors . 
  in portugal i foresee even more austerity along with the usual politician 's hypocrisy , as our government continues its corrupt favoring of the elite few . 
  unemployment will hit 20 % ( which really means 40 % ) and starvation will happen . 
  more and more people will turn to farming . 
  regular clashes regarding tax dodging and parallel economies will occur with the police . 
  the current right winged ministers are prone to exert violence over the population and that will happen often as it did in the past . 
  there will mass protesting but crushed by the police . 
  most people will eventually give up and many young will emigrate to brics and former colonies . 
  some banks will go bust . 
  health and social security will be fully privatized . 
  a military coup might be discussed but will be crushed . 
  the majority we 'll be entering 2013 much leaner than one year before . 
  i 'd just like to point out that no court has jurisdiction over americans . 
  once americans have their prisoners made , there is no legal frame to indict americans into handing them over or even make them respect whatever conventions . 
  they do , however , expect other countries to give in to human rights demands . 
  it 's an unparalleled hypocrisy . 
  which in turn will make the prices of basic commodities , oil and food soar and thus kill eu exports even further . 
  the future , however short-lived , belongs to the brics . 
  the downgrade reflects something that should be more than obvious by now . 
  the economy growth is in the negative . 
  exports are in the red and ~ ~ some ~ ~ all countries need to finance themselves in regular intervals at interest rates far superior than they are growing . 
  not even imf loans can be repaid if the economy does n't grow above 5 % which is ridiculous and totally unexpectable for the next 10 years . 
  none of all this eu debt will ever be fully repaid . 
  the obvious need for massive and simultaneous haircuts worldwide will eventually push the current economic model off the cliff . 
  hateful comments bashing southern europe in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  irrelevant . 
  the deutsche mark is the markets endgame for this matter . 
  the message seems quite clear and it 's `` i 'm betting on the fall of the euro and prefer my money to be * converted * into a strong currency '' . 
  can you even read properly ? 
  i 've got nothing against germans !, 
  do n't reduce this to a north vs. south or against some paranoid 4th reich antics . 
  i criticize predatory capitalism and big capital players !, 
  i criticize inaction , nonsensical legislation , corrupted institutions and paid politicians . 
  try to develop some sensitivity or empathy for those in mid-austerity . 
  it pays off !, 
  if you do n't , it will be at your door soon enough , because right after we 're done , you 'll be next . 
  and this is more probable than any market prophecy . 
  it 's disgusting how you hinted portuguese flags as * pests * on this board . 
  oh , do n't be so self-victimizing . 
  it 's inconsistent with what you 're even saying !,
