  and that is false . 
  things can become extremely violent and fast in paris subways , specially in the evening mid week days . 
  last time i was there , we ran into the * racailles * who began hitting on the girls and then calling names ( ricain , tapettes , putes , connards , etc. ), 
  that came out of nowhere and spoiled the evening right there with lots of tears . 
  we did n't get stabbed probably because i had a heavy iron monopod in hand and chose to ignore them . 
  their subway is old but very interesting , if you discount the out of control racailles problem . 
  to be fair , that only happened a couple of times during last time i was there with friends . 
  meanwhile , in my native country , that has never happened to me in the past 10 years . 
  oporto metro is well above paris in terms of safety . 
  far too little compared to the southern countries . 
  blood money . 
  but this time it 's a different approach . 
  the weapons are not for them but for everyone else . 
  the more messy things get the more money they make . 
  german efficiency is something else indeed . 
  because there is no such thing as a moderate muslim . 
  they tactitly aprove these behaviors by not being vocal against . 
  it 's sad , but that 's what happens . 
  you see , the racism card is a constant quick draw in these affairs and even within their religion !, 
  you either side witht the hardliners , agreeing with the barbarism , or shut the hell up . 
  the third option usually involves violence , acid and other forms of unspeakable thuggery . 
  finally someone recognizing the german governments ( perhaps cultural ethos ) for what they are . 
  ethnocentric , self centered calculistic usurpers of resources . 
  which they get a pass for and even end up being considered smart and efficient , because they power wealth and influence . 
  it 's a load of crap . 
  kosovo is a miserably corrupt failed state that serves as base of operations for criminal organizations , sex trafficking , organ harvesting , slavery , child molesting , drug trafficking , arms dealing and religious terror and all this crap on massive scales !, 
  even the saudi terror money is linked to them . 
  for creating your own cancer . 
  kosovo is the template of the eu 's self destruction in the coming years . 
  i gladly accept the nomination !, 
  terraform north africa . 
  make it civilized and not a festering pile of radical fucktards eager to go live back in neolithic times . 
  they need something to keep them active and warm during winter . 
  what better than the ever ominous german threat ? 
  higher interest are high due to the risk factor . 
  let that fear be justified then . 
  speculators make huge profits with very little risks . 
  they do this by playing an unregulated corrupt market . 
  they 're in bed with immoral politicians , lobbyists , ratings agencies and big banks . 
  calling this matter complex or beyond approach is an insult to society and democracy . 
  indeed . 
  this image works on various levels . 
  we have britain that is fleeing the remaining eu countries , clearly misaligned with them , namely germany and france who seem to plot on britain 's back . 
  the us is there but not really helping as it 's now clearly turned to the pacific as it 's main influence area . 
  and new zealand 's governor-general is present on obama 's step reinforcing just that idea . 
  russia is unphased and isolated . 
  not even caring about what others do or say . 
  also , on the same step as britain , who apparently wishes to become isolated too . 
  denmark ( queen margrethe in blue ) seems also drifting into isolation , in line with elections results which were the highest far right political expression in europe . 
  well , wall street `` nuked '' the economy , so ... 
  uberkebab !, 
  the first of many , i fear . 
  the downward spiral of modern civilization ... 
  to be paid with usurious interests , i believe . 
  yeah , no thank you . 
  besides , 10 million is not even a palliative !, 
  it can hardly afford and maintain a couple of speed boats per year and crew and is miles away from a political or structural solution . 
  it could , however , afford some 3 or 4 of buses and enough gas to take a steady flow of illegal migrants north of the alps . 
  i 'd totally do that . 
  i bet we 'd have a joint solution to the border/illegal immigration problem within a week after that move . 
  the first two are so biased and right leaning i read them for their comedy value . 
  that and the automatic translation of articles or brazilian portuguese . 
  oh , and publico 's blatant censorship/bias on the comment zone is pathetically obvious . 
  and some 70 % or more of the opinion givers are right winged morons full of solutions . 
  on the other hand , we have the jn/dn forums , which are worse than 4chan text wise . 
  all is permitted there . 
  it 's the sewer of the portuguese language . 
  even the simplest of news degenerates into brutal insults invoking of the most hardcore imagery . 
  brilliant !, 
  well done , chaps !, 
  well done !, 
  i 'm not telling you what to do or what to write . 
  i 'm just asking , politely , for you to stop replying to me . 
  this is n't the first time you 've come out of the woodwork to insult me . 
  i 'm giving you a warning . 
  the extreme scenario was merely to prove a point . 
  something most people forget . 
  you ca n't integrate people instantaneously . 
  succeeding at it would be quite the social engineering feat . 
  i 'll write and argue whatever the hell i want . 
  i would n't expect anything less from you . 
  given your past animosity towards me . 
  use the blue arrow and avoid replying to me . 
  sometimes i think that woman wants to see europe burn . 
  can you imagine for a minute what it would be like to have no borders , anywhere ? 
  idealists would orgasm at the thought of it and all that rich multiculturalism flooding the gates . 
  but reality would create a violent and chaotic ethnic soup , each with their own set of opposite cultural values and practices . 
  each with their own selfishness and aversion to the welcoming culture who they see as inappropriate and many generations away from even remotely appreciating them . 
  from there to armed insurrection and genocide would be a stone 's throw . 
  hate crimes and xenophobia would soar . 
  terrorism would be an everyday occurrence . 
  the states would crumble before organized religious and ethnic groups . 
  politics would be dominated by warlords and religious self-appointed leaders . 
  the legal system and the economies would all implode . 
  they 'll serve to remind the people of whats at stake . 
  we can thank our blessings these results happened in these elections and not general elections , otherwise the eu would have died that day . 
  makes one wonder the causes of such ill preparedness of our economies and currency . 
  seems to have been designed to favor germany . 
  and if we go back to pre-2008 , the eu was instigating countries to take on loans and mass public investment . 
  it was to help the economy ( the banks and industries ) and now , they say we live above our means ?
