  they just do n't know it yet . 
  i 'm not ignoring it . 
  i do n't see how going against the eu can be effective . 
  going against our government is as hard as it is already . 
  it 's a question of better chances and self-determination . 
  take charge of things locally and get yourself involved in your community . 
  the corporate and banking yoke functions because it corrupts the source of a centralized government , like the governments and the eu central body . 
  they would n't stand a chance against local policy makers . 
  unless they 'd declare war on them . 
  which is n't that far fetched . 
  but if things ever get to that point , we 'll have much bigger problems to face than political corruption and opaqueness . 
  it will be full blown corporate fascism and the stuff of apocalyptic movies . 
  so , you go visit the us often ? 
  do n't be a bigger cynic than me . 
  those in power need to vacate it and let better and more honest people steer us into a sustainable and better future . 
  the eu is a mess and an obstacle , in my view . 
  so much noise and conflicting interests . 
  so much vice and corruption . 
  i think the scots , welsh and northern irish people would take offense . 
  it 's the sea , not a country . 
  i included last minute african , middleeastern and some bodies of water . 
  mar negro sounds really good , unless you 're a white supremacist . 
  another one !, 
  how i missed that one ... 
  how the hell do i know it 's your country too ? 
  have you noticed the flag you have there ? 
  that reasoning does n't apply to the eu because the eu is a failed project and i distrust the eu . 
  i also consider it far easier to change my own country than to change a behemoth of 500 million people who do n't give a damn about us . 
  give us back our sovereignty and control of the economy and natural resources . 
  it sounds like cheaper said in really really bad english . 
  and the name suggests construction materials , something like a mix of `` brita '' ( gravel ) or `` saibro '' ( a poor and ancient form of cement ) . 
  sorry for assuming european portuguese , given this is a european sub . 
  but yes , brazilian portuguese has it 's nuances and differences to traditional portuguese . 
  but you guys have the funniest and cleverest adaptations , as well as a love for anglicisms . 
  for example , you say `` estadunidense '' or video-game !, 
  that 's ingeniously melodic and efficient . 
  we have continuously refused to break the rules and would sooner chew on a bolder than baptize them into our dictionary . 
  it is changing though , mostly in the corporate and academic world . 
  some terms are difficult to ignore . 
  examples : downsizing , outsourcing , pitching , etc. . . 
  you 're right !, 
  that can , and is said about portugal . 
  i 'm very much aware of it . 
  and in my country a lot has to change and it 'll change out of necessity . 
  but this eu exit is also my opinion and i speak only for myself . 
  it 's an unpopular but is gaining strength . 
  the results of the eu and our future prospects speak for themselves . 
  we 're on the path to ruin . 
  it 's [ rom\u00e9nia ] ( http://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/rom%c3%a9nia ) !, 
  it 's a pop band name , i agree . 
  the baltic countries also cause great confusion . 
  est\u00f3nia , let\u00f3nia , litu\u00e2nia , and all close to each other . 
  thanks bro . 
  my mistake . 
  as a northern portuguese , we easily trade v 's for b 's . 
  i hear we have tankers selling gas by the millions of cubic meters . 
  pipelines from north africa . 
  nuclear energy from france and other countries . 
  as well as renewable energy from germany . 
  alternative pipelines could be built from azerbaijan through georgia and into europe . 
  charging whatever they want is what creates this current bully mentality . 
  cutting pipelines mid winter , punishing countries out of political whims , keeping them miserable and in dependency . 
  the eu at least would n't be so abusive towards ukraine . 
  jesus bro , it 's 8am !, 
  actually , an ideal free market would preserve resources and would not keep prices artificially low or high . 
  competition would drive prices to an optimum and would prevent them from ever becoming depleted . 
  we have many examples of this : diamonds ( high prices ) , helium , oil , rare earth minerals , water , fish , game . 
  crony capitalism and ridiculous regulation are the cancer that 's suffocating the planet . 
  it leads to short term thinking and profit well above sustainability . 
  i 'm all for regulation , but mainly in areas that fight corruption , unsustainability and abuses . 
  namely in the financial/debt sectors of society and environmental preservation . 
  but that 's because those guys would sell their mothers for a quick buck !, 
  and what 's sad is that many would buy said mother . 
  human nature ... 
  come on ... you 're going to say having competition or multiple sources to buy gas from , is irrelevant and does n't condition prices ? 
  i 've been called naive but that is just the opposite way too cynic . 
  i 'm a cynic towards many things and have very little hope in things , given the current situation , but assuming * everything * is corrupt or cartelized is just unreal . 
  well then , that flag flair suits you perfectly . 
  without a competitive market , capitalism goes from the most advanced and productive system to the most self-destructive . 
  free market competitiveness and alternatives must be totally alien concepts then . 
  yes . 
  galadriel 's line from the beginning of fellowship of the ring . 
  just goes to show how arbitrary those prices were in the first place . 
  this is n't capitalism . 
  this scream abuse and sends the message that dealing with russia will mean being subject to it 's whims , and that usually spells trouble . 
  majority dictatorships are not an implied consequence of democracy . 
  to prevent that , republics and senates were created . 
  to buffer against the many immediate irrationalities , but even these become corrupted by crony capitalists . 
  also , as the law exists to protect the interests of the individual against a possibly opposite majority interest , democracy too should care for the minorities interests . 
  laws need not be unjust , unethical , unequal , discriminating . 
  debate , along with transparency are mandatory in democracy and the arguments should stand being uniformly applied . 
  the reason why democracy is dying is because these two basic pilars of democracy are eroded to the core . 
  things could n't be more opaque and objection and protests are becoming outlawed . 
  with eu complacency . 
  in fact , the eu is violating and contradicting constitutions and even their own constitutional draft . 
  bending ethics and morality is never a good sign . 
  if downvotes did n't hid the comments , i 'd be unfazed . 
  what is bad is that people choose to hide it and not address it . 
  even the most bile ridden comment has worth and should not be hidden from sight . 
  if possible , address it !,
