  i think it mirrors quite well the current eu . 
  the so called `` mature countries '' get a voice and do all the decision making , while the others will be forever considered inept . 
  nothing more infuriating and undemocratic than not being taken seriously and being dismissed because of low credit rate . 
  wars have started for less in the past . 
  that question ca n't be put like that . 
  had portugal never adhered to the eu or the euro , it would certainly have far greater autonomy to try and solve it 's problems . 
  even a default would be better . 
  being put on a lifeline and squeezed of every ounce of wealth and human capital is not a viable solution . 
  this situation is comparable to that of junkies and shady dealers . 
  just how much more backing to my words can i give ? 
  i 'm always going to be dismissed . 
  this is n't hate . 
  this is observation . 
  goes beyond anecdotal evidence of personal experiences . 
  i 'm a moderate left winger but i hold no fixed ideology . 
  the only controversial issues that you may consider extremist involve european society persisting on tried and failed attempts . 
  such as multiculturalism and austerity . 
  double standards on a variety of issues . 
  einstein put it simply , the definition of insanity and doing the same thing over and over again , expecting different results . 
  i assign characteristics to countries that assign far worse characteristics to me and my people . 
  and these countries have polls and elections and they chose clearly what their priorities are . 
  these people have , in a rather crude and generalist way i admit , stated clearly what their opinion is of southern europeans . 
  and through market behavior , their companies have stated their opinions . 
  their financial institutions have stated their opinion , through their behavior . 
  extraordinary claims they 're not . 
  all i said is perfectly sane and founded . 
  many economists point this out on a regular basis , from left to right . 
  the sheer insanity and continued pursuit of the so called austerity only continues because reason has been thrown out the window and right now we have lobbies dictating policies . 
  and populism and demagoguery are the main tools to win popular support . 
  do your ad hominens . 
  and by all means , do n't take me seriously . 
  some people are so filled with bias , they ignore rational arguments and even claim them irrational . 
  at this time this is just a waste of time and energy . 
  if you are a regular here , you 'd know the arguments put forth by both sides of this and the british . 
  my arguments rarely come out on top . 
  and are usually downvoted or very poorly ( in my opinion ) rebutted . 
  my main argument is rather well known one : my country . 
  it 's in shambles . 
  the rebuking of his goes somewhere along the lines that were piigs and lazy and need to pay for our mistakes . 
  its all our fault and most think there is justice in the prolonged suffering , dismantling and disenfranchisement of an entire people . 
  i think we need to pay for one mistake - having joined the eu . 
  i know i still have n't said sum and substance to convince you . 
  know that in germany and other places in the north , companies are recruiting specialized foreign southern youths with college degrees and paying them 3 eur per hour . 
  why relocate to a growing wage demanding asia when so much slave labour is at hand . 
  and german and other northern countries companies are riding the imposed privatization wave that 's pissing away monopolies and natural resources in tje ailing countries . 
  and they 're doing with very low costs while getting very low interest rates . 
  our companies ca n't even finance themselves let alone compete . 
  only high rates . 
  and the tax system ... allowing certain countries to starve others from tax revenue through off shoring and lower predatory rates ... effectively cannibalising fellow member states . 
  oh and insane production quotas . 
  limits to production and heavy fines for countries while allowing a assymmetric subsidization across the eu . 
  same with irc , vat , etc. 
  and all this with a common currency . 
  was anyone expecting this to actually work ? 
  and do n't give us the create an equal , just and competitive market for european companies . 
  it hardly did that . 
  it was like fattening up cattle before the slaughter . 
  i could be here all night ... but i can safely sum it up . 
  the eu is a tool for certain elites in certain countries , mind you that this is with their peoples support , to control the whole of eu and end up serving their interests only . 
  they care nothing about us . 
  selfish , arrogant , calculistic people that wo n't be given a third chance . 
  `` urges all muslims to come fight in syria or plan attacks `` in the heart of europe '' . '', 
  sent from his macbook pro while sipping on lattes inside starbucks . 
  go spain . 
  hope those numbers hold . 
  i distrust the eu . 
  the eu is hijacked project , currently a high level corruption scheme cannibalizing itself . 
  it will eat up it 's member states until the wealth is concentrated on a tiny percentage elite . 
  think of the social progress we had in the middle ages . 
  because that 's where we 're heading . 
  bring on the downvotes , just for having spoken against to complete lack of heading and respect between eu members . 
  you do know there is a very serious and deep social crisis in portugal , right ? 
  our society is literally falling apart !, 
  mostly due to the sadistic and ineffective austerity policies , not to mention the completely disproportionate nature in relation to whatever fiscal or deficit infringements that may have happened . 
  we 're that skinny student being chocked for our meager lunch money by big fat bullies !, 
  and all this while teachers and school staff cheer . 
  the only thing that kinda warms my heart is knowing you guys will be next . 
  so , know that portuguese people are fleeing the country and 6 % have left already , that 's well over half a million people . 
  mortality rates , infant and elderly have also begun rising . 
  we 're not coming back from this . 
  so , who in their right minds would even want to come here ? 
  this is england ? 
  i 'm not feeling roman or europhile . 
  i owe no allegiance towards europe . 
  i am suspicious of the european project and i do n't trust most of the countries , particularly northern ones like germany . 
  portugal ( -3 ) sweden 4, 
  that would be racist . 
  you see , rule of law does n't apply to gypsies or other ethnic minorities . 
  i still do n't see that working . 
  roma are incompatible at nearly all levels . 
  they 're nomads and parasites . 
  they 'd soon spread to neighbouring villages and create a far worse problem . 
  theft and extreme violence is what would happen . 
  as it always does . 
  i 'd like to see them expelled from europe . 
  all of them . 
  i 've had my share of grief with them and i never met a good gypsy . 
  they 're a violent , backwards , parasitic and criminal culture . 
  so , unless europe wants the horror of auschwitz being restarted , it should do well and find a peaceful and reasonable solution . 
  roma gypsies are being used as a main argument in politics , by ultra right wing parties .
