  these lands are sometimes either insured or their contents are later sold , sometimes forcefully in wholesale , towards paper mills . 
  even the element of laziness plays a part . 
  fire cleans the land quickly and makes for better grazing lands . 
  about half of the `` firestarters '' are local idiots that like being on the news and the whole adrenaline/crisis scenario . 
  some work as voluntary fire-fighters . 
  but the thick of the causes are criminal and man made . 
  you just could n't resist bashing the portuguese people by generalizing us as idiots with poor taste . 
  i mentioned foreigners in portugal because the article addressed just that . 
  it had nothing to do with critique . 
  they 're more than welcome and if they wish to resort to traditional ways , the better . 
  but let me tell you this : i regularly head back to the outback all over the country . 
  i see a lot of the old ways in building techniques being used not by foreigners but by educated portuguese . 
  shale stone , granite and other forms of stone housing . 
  villages being put to tourism use . 
  farms are being used again and projects being developed to exploit the land once again . 
  the government abandons rural areas because there is no immediate profit in them and governments are typically weak and efemerous , only accountable to their sponsors and the financial and consumerist industries ... 
  but [ the coming zero marginal cost society that is currently replacing capitalism is slowly realizing and seizing those rural farming areas ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-iducetjvo ) . 
  they will be priceless in the near future . 
  living in the outback is very rewarding and profitable as well . 
  in the current paradigm of self-sufficiency ( wells , solar and wind energy ) . 
  there are n't deterrents anymore . 
  it 's one of my goals to have such a place for myself and my immediate family . 
  as for forest fires , i can assure 90 % or more are criminal . 
  how magnanimous of them ... how about they pay their god damn taxes , like i do , instead of weaseling through tax havens and accounting acrobatics ? 
  miserably lacking article ... no pictures , no interview , hardly anything of substance . 
  in portugal there are quite a few dutch danes and germans living in the outback . 
  educating their kids themselves and living off the land . 
  it helped that their initial purchasing power was immense . 
  i too often wish for similar and simpler life , closer to nature and on a much slower pace . 
  most likely compensating for something that 's lacking . 
  you wo n't be jobless . 
  you and all of us here will be conscripted eventually . 
  apologist ... 
  the articles about merkel are so childish . 
  it 's like she 's a benign almost retarded figure of sorts . 
  that woman is ruthless !, 
  nothing she does is without serious thought and to suppose germany is lagging behind in the surveillance and counter intelligence department is ridiculous and has been disproved by leaked collaborations and mass citizen spying programs . 
  you do n't get to be a top economy without learning how to protect it effectively . 
  china is a serious threat but i 'm pretty sure there 's more than adequate german counter measures . 
  your point being ? 
  means stoneage fucktard . 
  means fundamentalist . 
  islamists doing what they do best ... 
  anyone who believes south african society has a future is delusional . 
  the black on white crime is through the roof . 
  i would n't raise a family there even if they paid me in diamonds . 
  interests paid by the people and companies ... learn your banking . 
   it will be a hard sell for germans , but their political class wants it and disbanding the eu is imposible without crashing most western economies and seriously distabilsing smaller economies . 
  and in time war . 
  at the very least preceded by embargoes , sanctions and other silly grievances . 
   currency doesnt matter , credit matters . 
  currency does matter !, 
  a lot in fact . 
  we have a disproportionally high purchasing power and being fed by high interest rates and racking debt . 
  portugal has doubled it 's external debt due to this . 
  we are living in a unaffordable world geometrically progressing towards some debt apocalypse and complete collapse of the euro . 
  it is being done by design , german design ... 
  they will bolt out with the cash and holding title to to our assets and we 'll be left bordering civil war . 
   absolutely , because they can afford it , the pay taxes regularly and meticulously , irrelevant . 
  their hegemonious economy comes from the marshall plan and rebuilding momentum generated in the second half of the xx ^ th century . 
  they paid no interests and had debt erased . 
  unlike other countries . 
  but i concede , they totally worked for it . 
  my grief is towards their modern day selfishness and calculistic exploitation of people it should be united with . 
  and i do n't meanthem doing us favors , giving money or turning a blind eye . 
  germany is actively screwing southern europe . 
  this has xenophobic roots , like it or not . 
   you do n't have the political class negesary . 
  this is a pessimistic and racist view that is precisely in the german agenda . 
  necessity will force change . 
  we will come out on top . 
  i have to try at least . 
  there is no better alternative and i do n't like or trust the german bloc . 
  it 's better than suffering chronically from economic tuberculosis until we are finished . 
  it will all implode anyway soon . 
  if we do it now , and leave the euro and the eu , before we become over indebted and have to fight our way out of this . 
  we might still have a chance of making it . 
  besides , the eu strangles our economy , limiting it , in terms of resource exploitation , fishing farming and other deficits so as to favor other stronger countries . 
  lobbying trumps reason . 
  strength , power and wealth trump any form of justice , equality or `` brotherly '' behavior amongst states . 
  it 's natural law and no social pact is respected anymore . 
  wealth is n't distributed but hoarded . 
  countries cannibalizing each other . 
  this is no union . 
  it 's a gang . 
  federal dreams imply shared budgeting concerns . 
  it also should imply fiscal union and a eu wide normalization . 
  this wo n't ever happen as it would mean the wealth would shift from north to south in a very short time . 
  think german reunification . 
  each country for themselves , cannibalizing each other is in no way a precursor to a federal eu . 
  ideally , spending power is at it 's optimum if we account for the current imbalances . 
  the south holds a strong currency and is able to purchase german goods but has very little to back it up and no control over the economy . 
  it 's an unsustainable situation though and it 's showing just that as there are huge deficits , a recession and no prospects of recovery , at least not in the debt market . 
  this is showing by racking up huge external debts which will be our problem . 
  these add to the imbalance and serve to weaken us . 
  it 's not stopped and we 're still in the euro because we ca n't leave . 
  germany doens ' t let us leave . 
  it urges us to consume further german goods , despite the huge external debt . 
  once thet get as much from us as they can , we 'll be booted out . 
  on the other hand , germany gets low or even negative interest rates issuing future debt .
