  does anyone actually believe anything anymore ? 
  this crisis showed us the cynics and conspiratards were right all along . 
  it 's implied in your reasoning and is spewed by every chauvinistic , so stop saying that . 
  it 's a lie . 
  catalunya or no catalunya , portugal would have gotten out of the iberian union . 
  in fact , it was lucky it happened without bloodshed as the aftermath of such conflict , spain would likely loose more than portugal or catalunya . 
  you 're being selective in your observation . 
  i was merely pointing out how ridiculous the statement `` portugal is n't spanish territory because of catalunya 's sacrifice '' . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  chauvinism is bullshit . 
  those arguments are bullshit . 
  what matters is the here and now . 
  if catalunya wants independence , why should n't they ? 
  those schemes will always pop up . 
  whatever currency you use . 
  even with barter items , farmers would hand them to handlers and traders . 
  it 's a niche , but no one is forced to adhere to them . 
  unlike banks and our current paradigm ... you just ca n't function in this economy without a bank . 
  as for the limit and example you give , it would completely revolutionize our economy . 
  and would hopefully lead to less stress , better parenting , health and quality of life . 
  i even risk saying it would create more innovation and likely save us from extinction . 
  in any case , it 's worth the risk and beats the coming wars over resources and smog ridden cities with widespread misery , diseases , famines and social asymmetry . 
  yes . 
  i 'm going savanajeff on things and going against reddiquette . 
  you do n't agree with me , so you downvote me . 
  all emotion and no substance . 
  that 's why i upvoted this sterile comment of yours , which as reddiquette says , adds nothing to the discussion . 
  being savannajeff is kinda depressing though . 
  not anymore . 
  if anything , this century and the technological revolution , means the death of the middlemen . 
  people no longer need them . 
  and they skewed the markets and held too much power . 
  i do agree that the volatility is a risk but the premise of bitcoin is sound and when/if the world totally adheres to it , it will stabilize . 
  it is much sounder than having fiat with it 's shady backdeals , unlimited qe 's and successive episodes of rampant inflation and deflation . 
  it gives rationality back to the markets . 
  the markets will function with what really matters . 
  savings , producing wealth , rates of ownership and particularly innovation will definitely rise . 
  the caveat is one intrinsic to this digital age , which is the creation of billionaires and even trillionaires . 
  these , however , must be solved through legislation and taxation . 
  not by currency manipulation . 
  i would even propose a limit on wealth accumulation with heavy if not absolute taxation past a certain threshold . 
  i take pride in it . 
  probably means i 'm doing something right . 
  here , have an upvote to help showcase your brilliance . 
  better than arbitrarily manipulated by banksters for the sake of their personal gains . 
  you give those anonymous web surfers too much credit . 
  they 're only as influential as the currency they hold and the risks they take are theirs and theirs alone . 
  not the taxpayers . 
  that makes a world of difference !, 
  and those anonymous are people like you and me . 
  do we owe these people anything ? 
  why ca n't they take matters into their own hands ? 
  stay and fight or your country !, 
  either for or against assad . 
  take a god damn stand for what you believe . 
  i 'm all for receiving a fair share of refugees , but only those in a weak condition , like women and children . 
  and with the condition they 're returned after the conflict is over . 
  just the other day , a airplane portuguese pilot was hijacked into bringing 100 syrian refugees into portugal . 
  what kind of message does that give ? 
  as if you 're going to behave differently in our country . 
  if they come , they 'll just try and * terraform * europe into an islamic theocracy , like all muslims do , actively or tacitly . 
  yes , bitcoins are n't subject to the raving madness and greed of the banking elites . 
  beware indeed . 
  it 's true . 
  i do n't hold any particular dislike towards the german people . 
  i 'm in favor of regionalisation and generally against large blocs or countries as these have too much influence and bully everyone else around in undemocratic fashion . 
  germany is as such . 
  it dictates others what to do and it does so in it 's own interests . 
  it has too much gravitas and too much ethnocentricities . 
  unlike other older countries . 
  the people is partly to blame because they keep electing these policymakers . 
  i 'm not into grudges but germans have to own up to their political choices , past present and future . 
  saying they did n't know is n't going to cut it this time . 
  portugal was on the way out of the iberian union . 
  it was a matter of time . 
  the union was disastrous for portugal and the new king ignored what the previous king had the good insight of keeping , which was an administrative separation of kingdoms . 
  also , the people never liked or saw themselves as spanish and were fed up with the constant belligerence of spain and its human and economic costs . 
  and the portuguese courts and nobles became sidelined in favor of spanish ones . 
  i do n't know what you were taught in school , but if it is even remotely against this , then it is likely revisionist absurdities . 
  as for the time portugal could have destroyed spain , during [ the peninsular wars of 1812 -- 1814 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/napoleonic_wars ) , an anglo-portuguese army took madrid and later defeated napoleon out of the peninsula . 
  do n't confuse a poor economy for lack of cultural union . 
  as for germany ... they 're taking us for a ride for sometime now . 
  they 're big , influential and highly calculistic . 
  and they act on their best interests , making them morally `` elastic '' . 
  whatever the outcome , be sure they 'll be making the best of the situation . 
  spain would go bankrupt . 
  companies would bail out of there . 
  terrorism would thrive . 
  widespread misery and famine . 
  a fascist state would have to be set up , held by a tight military grip as many times before . 
  this conflict would spill over the borders as military juntas make poor diplomats . 
  other regions would secede . 
  portugal would get serious flak and spain 's junta would likely try to rally against a common foe - portugal is closest , as is gibraltar . 
  so there 's your common enemy . 
  it would certainly fail , as the brits and portuguese go way back and are not easily taken out . 
  the end result would be what it should have been for centuries . 
  independence given to the various factions inside spain . 
  the eu would do nothing , unless germany profited from it . 
  but , by now the eu would have dissolved or sunk economically . 
  germany would be supplying arms to all sides as it is historically and ethically their thing .
