  a canadian or ivory coast for french ... as it is , nobody bats an eye , but everyone would lose their minds if it were english or french ... joker.jpg it 's these kinds of subtleties that denounce certain viewpoints . 
  she already has the whole of europe by the balls , makes sense that she keeps tabs on everyone as well . 
  and the sad part is that this will further ensure her the upcoming elections . 
  screw the eu . 
  you do n't know your black metal . 
  beware , speak against germany and be banned . 
  europe is backing them politically and eventually militarily . 
  pessoa is like a demigod to many portuguese . 
  his writings are hauntingly beautiful . 
  a portuguese princess married to an english king was also responsible for making tea extremely popular there . 
  hollande is a political corpse right now . 
  or the portuguese one . 
  disliked but reelected . 
  paradoxical . 
  but at least they have happy hours where price drops to half . 
  this is one of those rare occasions where the islamofascists and your typical right wingers team up . 
  a case study for anthropologists worldwide . 
  stereotyping facilitates social interaction . 
  it has evolved to help simplify our dealings with the world . 
  from stereotypes to discrimination is a question of empathy and emotional intelligence . 
  rip greece . 
  portugal is of sadness and * fado * for you . 
  too bad it 's not as ephemerous . 
  [ stupid flanders !, 
  dashcam bonanza !, 
  if you see the full documentary , you see the rise in right wing extremism as a natural political response . 
  it 's like a feedback mechanism . 
  see the whole documentary [ here ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xs07o7_my-hometown-fanatics-luton-couchtripper_shortfilms#.uamoa0ap-ri ) . 
  he was not not seen by the community as one of them !, 
  i was n't referring to the police . 
  you keep saying i 'm blindly defending portuguese , because i 'm portuguese . 
  he was old , mentally unfit and quite possibly seriously pushed . 
  is that a bad trait to show some kind of sensitivity towards those facts ? 
  i 'd rather keep my unattractive trait than to be a complete ice block . 
  the reason i mention his nationality as portuguese is because he was n't a muslim and one of the `` tribe '' , making him easy pickings . 
  as i said in previous comments , i suspect that shitty community brought this situation on him !, 
  they 're partially guilty for his murder , and for breeding bands of thugs and tacitly or indirectly approving of their harassment tactics . 
  harassing someone , who has mental problems or is just old and not of their `` tribe '' to provoke a reaction , to then you call the cops on him who are played and turn on him . 
  then play the victim card ... 
  there are just too many levels of fuck-up in this whole situation . 
  no , that shitty community brought this situation on him . 
  they 're also guilty of his murder . 
  for breeding these thugs and tacitly or indirectly approving of their harassment tactics . 
  harassing someone , who has mental problems or is just old and not of their `` tribe '' to provoke a reaction , to then you call the cops on him who are played and turn on him . 
  then play the victim card ... 
  there are just too many levels of fuck-up in this whole situation . 
  it does n't matter he was portuguese , what matters is that he was not seen as one of them , * by the community !, 
  he could have easily been a spanish , german or greek . 
  an old man charging at you and police does n't have the necessary training to take him down without fatally killing him ? 
  was he 2 meters away from the police ? 
  shooting the legs and shoulders is n't some hollywood pitch . 
  it 's in the training . 
  i have not made up my mind about anything . 
  i came here to discuss the ironies of this piece of news . 
  a portuguese trait is not to defend portuguese . 
  it 's weird even trying to explain this . 
  i stand by what i said . 
  people make the places , not the infrastructure . 
  you ca n't build problems away or throwing more money at it . 
  i think the integration problem you 're having is proof of that . 
  but i guess you failed that conclusion . 
  and 69 years of age can really weigh on the body , if you led a hard life , in line with the migrant waves of the 60s and 70s , that usually ended up doing hard jobs . 
  in my family , which has some returned immigrants , 69 is already a difficult age . 
  again , i 'm not making stuff up . 
  swedish and portuguese realities are different . 
  i 've said it before , even it were a swedish man or any other , never shoot to kill , specially if he 's old , using a machete and being mentally unfit . 
  it 's totally uncalled for . 
  no , i do n't think that . 
  i 'm just reading the information passed by his family . 
  it makes sense because he felt threatened by `` youths '' and that is just horrible and weighs on any person . 
  i posted here because of the irony . 
  `` youths '' harass people and the state protects them . 
  then they used the problem they themselves created to create even further problems . 
  this is the definition of being a thug . 
  the jury is still out on this whole story , but i would like it to be properly investigated and the information released . 
  it 's justice to defend one 's self and loved ones . 
  people make the places , not the available infrastructure . 
  from what i 've read , the place was a dump , filled with addicts , gangs and criminals . 
  if he did n't open the door , how could he have seen the police ? 
  he did n't received calls or talked to the police . 
  all that was exchanged was loud noises , anyone can make . 
  besides , old men can get quite protective and paranoid . 
  being an old immigrant , used to a hard life can weigh on the years . 
  69 is really old in my country . 
  a 70 year old man !, 
  judging the bangings on his door , in a ghettified suburbia , after being constantly followed and harassed by `` youths '' . 
  of course he was n't expecting the police . 
  he was expecting the usual thugs . 
  do n't you think he could have been trying to just defend himself and his wife ? 
  my guess is that the police hardly go anywhere near those ghettos and it was probably , like his inlaw said , a regular thing to be bullied by `` youth gangs '' . 
  police may not have identified themselves properly . 
  keep in mind that i was an old man judging the bangings on the door . 
  imagine an old , 70 year-old couple trying to go out to dinner and enjoy their remaining years and being pushed and harassed by `` youths '' . 
  in a more extreme interpretation , it can be plausible that the police would n't want this being known as it would imply some level of incompetence and cover up . 
  it 's too soon but i would like to know what his wife has to say and not just his in-laws . 
  and now the same `` youths '' now use him as an excuse to riot . 
  how bizarre is all this ? 
  no [ mirandese ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mirandese_language ) ? 
  there could n't be two more opposing cultures than these . 
  and muslim hardliners that carry poster signs urging the beheading of non-muslims , those are fine !,
