  - generalizing is different from demanding equal rights and justice . 
  we have none these days . 
  hiding behind generalizations and crying discrimination delays solutions . 
  creates noise . 
  the only generalization i make is towards the voters who keep electing ethnocentric chauvinists , however cloaked they present themselves . 
  people need to take responsibility for what happens and not deny it later , saying they did n't knew what was going on . 
  that excuse wo n't stick anymore . 
  goes for all countries , weak and strong . 
  - foreigners coming to be exploited or to exploit , should be sent back and refused . 
  foreigners integrating and contributing !, 
  are always welcome . 
  - ww2 was about germanification of europe . 
  people of europe were to be added as second tier citizens with added responsibilities but without the benefits . 
  i see this particular desire has n't died out , quite the contrary . 
  making certain countries appear magnanimous is propaganda . 
  the truth is in the money trail . 
  those who actually benefit would surprise you . 
  the eu is under german control . 
  disagree all you like . 
  it 'll end badly for everyone , again . 
  countries made to serve a germanic core ? 
  no , thank you . 
  trust the current batch of german politicians/leaders ? 
  please , do elaborate . 
  what is so fox/dailymail about my comments ? 
  and it will fall on deaf ears . 
  that 's like mixing nitric acid and glycerin . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  raising the eu flag is the same as raising the german flag these days . 
  at least the brits get it . 
  the irony of it , that is ... 
  sticks and stones ... 
  pork casings ( guts ) oporto style . 
  my mother prepared this . 
  buy the pig 's gut at the local butcher shop and then wash it very very well ( this part stank ) . 
  then cook it with other pork meat , like the paws , the ears and other tender meats , wine and other types of sausages , thick bacon and beans . 
  it ends up looking with added white rice [ like this ] ( http://www.mundolusiada.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/almoco-divulga-tripas-moda-.jpg ) and it 's delicious !!!, 
  it tastes far from what it is or seems . 
  it 's a cheap dish you should all try when visiting us . 
  a bit of history now ... while in primary school we were told this dish was prepared because pig guts were an animal surplus that was left while most meat was given to the sailors and armies to take in the long perilous discoveries around the world . 
  i do n't know if it 's true but we were told that . 
  i 'm averaging some four or five death threats and gang violence per visit to paris . 
  a city as beautiful as it is dangerous . 
  by far the most violent city i visited . 
  racism is bad . 
  any kind of discrimination is bad too . 
  be it against anything that is out of our control , such as gender , sexual preferences , age , color , etc. 
  positive discrimination is also as bad . 
  the amount of racist attacks today is due to poor policy making and a mediocre legal system . 
  i vividly remember living in my broken down car in my late teens because i could n't afford any room or housing , all the while working and studying at night !, 
  meanwhile , local gypsies got to live in lush housing and given lands , while parking bmw 's and audi 's outside their houses . 
  i passed by them every day to work . 
  some even tried to rob me once , only to find i had nothing and threatening violence over it . 
  there was no help available then for people like me though - a native . 
  just an uphill battle against police , the state , the `` havers '' . 
  not that i would have accepted any from them ... only to be left alone . 
  it was disgusting then as this news is disgusting to me now . 
  governments across europe failed miserably to integrate foreigners and ended up alienating their own people . 
  they need to be voted out . 
  if only our governments were as selfless as this poor nigerian family . 
  meanwhile , in leicester city , [ a gang of muslim women walk free after a brutal racist attack ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/8937856/muslim-women-not-used-to-drinking-walk-free-after-attack-on-woman.html ) ( open link in incognito mode ) on woman , because the judge decided to attribute it to them not being used to drinking . 
  this piece of news even has the video of it . 
  justice is beyond arbitrary when it comes to racism . 
  it creates more hatred with every decision . 
  whimsical deliberations based partly in the law , partly in the political context and the emotional imbalances and skewed ideologies of the judge . 
  there is n't anything objective anymore and this is the most alienating and infuriating influence in western societies . 
  imagine what an extremist islamist group , brutal beyond anything we ever had before , will do with heavy weaponry and close to a billion dollars in stolen mony and saudi wahabi funds ? 
  we 're in for a ride !, 
  horrible indeed . 
  i would n't wish on any innocent human being . 
  but also horrible is the guilt extorsion stemming from this , attempting to reverse anything and everything france had been doing to rid itself of the roma problem . 
  the fact that the roma gypsy problem has n't been solved is at the root of this attack !!, 
  people need to accept this incovenient truth . 
  individually , they do n't want these attacks . 
  but as a comunity , they 'll exploit it to their advantage and likely use this to further victimize and of course , expand their criminal activities . 
  that sounds like our prime-ministers actual name - passos coelho !, 
  i admit it . 
  because most people i see are shallow and selfish idiots . 
  i , however , own very little stuff and refuse becoming indebted . 
  i ride public transports or my bike instead of my car . 
  i lowered my carbon footprint massively and i 'm close to becoming a full vegan . 
  i do my best to debunk or just cut off from the idiots who fight/deny environmental problems destructively . 
  i refuse taking part in the great crime that is forwarding this problem to the next generation . 
  yes , i may seem like a prick , but only because it 's easy to criticize and a lot harder to admit guilt or change bad habits . 
  what have you done ? 
  this is a great sightseeing map for all those newly returned isis combatants !, 
  thanks op !, 
  yeah , fearmongering about unpredictable earthquakes , tsunamis or whatever !, 
  perhaps the now common tornados or super storms brought about by climate fearmongerers . 
  and let 's not forget the jihadists wanting to send europe into the dark ages . 
  yeah , i 'm a fearmongerer !, 
  another inconvenient truth brought to light . 
  and it wo n't make a difference . 
  i find german players to be more arrogant . 
  german arrogance is in just about everything these days . 
  you mean the ref is playing for germany , right ? 
  i just saw a kick in the thigh , with no ball , in the penalty box , and not fowl . 
  the ref killed this game for germany ... understandable , as he wants to keep on ref ` ing . 
  nevertheless , germany is a solid team that should n't be so blatantly carried . 
  for football 's sake ...
