  a corporate controlled superstate with no real goal other than reckless profit . 
  not a europe of reason or enlightenment . 
  the only tolerable europe is the bad memory of it in history books and it 's leftover ruins . 
  is there published statistics on the percentage of those and asylum seekers vs non eu migrants ? 
  that 'd be interesting . 
  that 's funny , i thought they had . 
  if given refugee or asylum seeker status , cpas/ocmw service was generously available to them . 
  at least that 's what it says in the many pieces of [ legislation online ] ( http://www.cgvs.be/fr/binaries/pdf%20-%20the%20asylum%20procedure%20in%20belgium_tcm126-42131.pdf ) . 
  friends of mine currently working in belgium have also commented on this and confirm it . 
  so , they 're sending eu citizens these letters and non-eu citizens are n't getting them ? 
  is n't this discriminating ? 
  i mean , i 'm more than understanding towards the burden issue , but what of the other immigrants ? 
  why do those get a free pass and continue leeching belgium 's social state ? 
  this man ... this man is very dangerous . 
  this article is pure gold . 
  they should do more and on focus on other clusters like central europe , the balkans and of course southern europe . 
  best article submitted to / r/europe in months !, 
  thanks / u/gibberfish, 
  oh , need i have been to turkey to have an opinion on turkey ? 
  that 's a pernicious thought . 
  many of the islamic sects continue stone-age like fundamentalist practices . 
  they are staunchly against homosexuality , against freedom of speech , against anything that goes against their traditions , like still marrying their children at their choice , pedophilia , curtailing women 's freedoms and education . 
  plenty of violence and hate is preached in the koran , let alone the many ultra-violent haddiths . 
  do n't let yourself be fooled by relativism 's and the toning down of inadmissible , criminal speech and attitudes that should be very worrying to every human being . 
  fine , i 'll say it ... islam dominated cultures pose a severe security risk and would raise alert levels all across the eu . 
  beside all the other valid points regarding turkey . 
  this is worse than when the soviet bloc fell . 
   earliest humans in spain genetically close to [ siberian denisovans ] ( http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2013/12/131204-human-fossil-dna-spain-denisovan-cave/ ) . 
  unnamed as species . 
  it 's probably a very controversial issue with every officer . 
  and not just ethnicity being taken into account . 
  some people just did n't sign up to beat up people and blindly follow orders . 
  are you kidding ? 
  you know it gets reduced to that black & white reasoning . 
  happens always . 
  just a heads up . 
  if you 're gon na comment on this thread , you 'll be labelled a stormfronter , r/whiterights , racist , bigot , asshole , etc. 
  probably get banned or tagged at the very least . 
  trust me , do n't bother . 
  to me , it 's like they 've already won . 
  enjoy living in the coming hornests nest , thinking all this centuries old cultural lag will somehow go away with magical integration . 
  erdogan the thug . 
  it 's unbelievable that a guy like this and his minions are in office and running an entire country . 
  i would n't want him to run a chicken coop . 
  but calling it humanism would carry a better rep than `` atheist '' . 
  this is because of the war of discrimination against atheists by religious nuts . 
  besides , humanism correlates perfectly with atheism . 
  i 've done plenty of charity and aid to the poor and sick and did it out of selflessness , all the while being agnostic/atheist . 
  if more people did this , i would n't feel compelled to shut up when the people i 'm helping bring on the same religious tripe again and again . 
  people should know being human is all it is needed to help . 
  give yourselves some credit . 
  it 's very offensive to anyone helping out , having that initiative and thankfulness befall on some deity rather than on the actual deserving merit . 
  two plausible scenarios : a ) it could be a federation of states , perhaps all the current ones or just the central and northern ones . 
  they 'll likely be at war or gearing up for it because of disputes with other asian alliances , which would catalyze this federation movement to happen so fast . 
  russia will likely be the disputed prize and could eventually be integrated in this european federation . 
  food resources , lebensraum , arctic and other energy resources , shipping routes , etc. 
  china has border disputes and treaties expiring int the coming years . 
  their country will be too populated and toxic to live in . 
  japan/india/us / china/pakistan can do the unthinkable and nuke each other senseless . 
  b ) a mosaic of many regional states propped up in the aftermath of the eu and a global economical collapse . 
  it 's got ta start small somewhere . 
  prove itself . 
  and as estonia becomes successful , it can be assimilated by the rest of europe . 
  resistance will be futile !, 
  200 years ? 
  much sooner . 
  it is already being used corporate wise in financial decision and optimization of resources . 
  it should be put to use as soon as possible in governments . 
  and the eu should lead the way !, 
  it would make tax evasion difficult and tax policies so much more sane and sustainable . 
  i bet it could calculate and continuously adjust optimal minimum wages or guaranteed incomes in ways it would not cause inflation , interest rates or price hikes in basic commodities . 
  we 're in an age were miscalculations can contribute to horrible outcomes . 
  in terms of depletion of the biosphere , climate chaos or financial wisdom . 
  and we desperately need a tabula rasa shift in terms of politics and economics . 
  look at the current mess the economy is in . 
  talking about guaranteed incomes in an unregulated economy ... it has disaster written all over it !, 
  besides , it is projected we 'll have more social upheaval on account of unemployment and poverty , which will not stop . 
  automation and virtualization are pushing for mass unemployment , all the while the rich get richer and inequality spreads . 
  information has lead to distrust and paranoia . 
  and before we devolve into civil war or mass oppression , we should seriously look into this option . 
  i ca n't see this happening with humans in charge and i 'm not very fond of messianism 's . 
  i would only trust 2 entities to do this : either an ai or some advanced alien intelligence . 
  i would not trust us . 
  we 're just too fallible and corruptible . 
  it does n't necessarily mean skynet or a matrix like scenario . 
  i seriously doubt those scenarios as they add so little progress . 
  what you call humane is what i call corruption , discrimination , tax evasion , ethnocentrism , nonsensical policies , self-destructive management of the environment and resources . 
  i really see no other way out of this . 
  hello mr. james cameron . 
  no , robots are n't necessarily bad . 
  but they can be much more pragmatic and unbiased . 
  provided their code or the variables it reads are n't tampered with . 
  algos hold the future of efficient and just decision making . 
  we do n't physical robots taking place of politicians . 
  a computer program can make recomendations in terms of policies . 
  and it can make adjustments far better and faster than any economist . 
  stock trading companies already use them . 
  it 's obvious to me that the future trend will be regionalization and local governments . 
  a united states of europe only makes sense in the current and upcoming paradigm of economic behemoths battling each other for power , resources and growth . 
  when it escalates into serious conflict , and it will , the aftermath will see all these superstates crumble .
