  gradually , of course . 
  sure , there would be a lot of kicking and screaming while trying to undermine this transition process . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  we blow ourselves to dust ? 
  we make this planet just another barren rock floating through space ? 
  because that 's what 's at stake here . 
  nothing less than the survival of human civilization . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  i believe we 'd be better off with caps on personal wealth ( through progressive taxation ) , limit corporate size ( through strict business policy ) , and also nations ( regionalization at a world wide level ) . 
  leveling the plain and force dialogue instead of shows of force that create feedback mechanisms . 
  i know it may seem harsh or even ridiculous , but there is no other way . 
  no more filthy rich individuals , however good they may be . 
  no more mega corporations owning the legislative process and putting profit above the planet 's interests . 
  no more bullying of countries . 
  law , conventions and pacts are near meaningless . 
  the us , as well as russia , are notorious for disregarding them . 
  in fact , those seated and with veto power in the un often are the biggest infractors . 
  and the us does n't even subscribe nor adhere to the most basic charters , like human rights . 
  nato would do nothing if finland was suddenly invaded . 
  the only sensible policy would be to station massive troops to prevent further incursions by russia onto more countries and try to bargain finland back from them . 
  that 's what 's being discussed now , either in the kremlin and in neighboring nato countries . 
  finland would never tolerate such a move because they 've refused nato , they 're also idealists and trust that old bear ( short memory ) . 
  but bears are crazy and hungry . 
  all this talk of snipers and kicking the red army for months . 
  this is some absurd twelve year old talk and dangerous . 
  russia has the most seasoned army in it 's hemisphere . 
  russia would wipe the floor with finland , who are notoriously pacifists . 
  in ww2 , blitzkrieg and logistic made fast war a possibility . 
  current technology would make it many times as fast . 
  and fast wars coupled with mass disinformation techniques will become as effective or more than any artillery or bombing campaign . 
  plowing all the way to helsinki could happen under a couple of days . 
  and it 's well in russian reach to do so . 
  if i were to impose sanctions to russia , i would not do it without placing massive troops in neighboring countries . 
  some say it would escalate things further and trigger a reaction . 
  but to be fair , it 's inevitable by now . 
  if i were russia , i 'd take chunks of land left and right and bargain my way out of these sanctions . 
  oh , you want finland or estonia back ? 
  suspend the sanctions . 
  while still keeping the many border enclaves and crimeas . 
  the alternative is russia politically dissolved . 
  this is textbook ww1 . 
  all it takes now is a few more alliances ( china ) and a trigger . 
  the world would be a safer place without these mad giants - russia , us , china . 
  their size and chauvinistic policies are the reason we have a doomsday clock and hover close to complete annihilation . 
  relevant username ? 
  if russia is already in an isolated , economically sanctioned/crippled state , raiding and expansionist policies is all she got !, 
  this is nazi economics 101 . 
  raiding your neighbors gold vaults for resources . 
  to be completely honest , the eu would do nothing beyond sanctions . 
  the us would hardly risk nuclear war for finland or the baltics/stans . 
  russia behaving like a wounded animal is a dangerous thing and it was a matter of time really . 
  as for being expensive , occupied countries would foot the bill and then some . 
  it 's not comparable to iraq or afghanistan . 
  besides , those were expensive but the investment reverted to american and coalition corporations/industries . 
  and brutal tactics coupled with technology would make it difficult to put up a lasting fight or even a rebellion . 
  no , if europe wants peace , it must be prepared for war , which it is n't . 
  russia would easily come on top in a conflict with any of its neighbors . 
  the eu would simply cut their losses or accept compensations/empty promises from russians . 
  the eu is absurdly corrupt and riddled with dissonance within . 
  attempting to cancel the cancellation attempt . 
  even the eu is meta these days . 
  one of these days , the eu will be ruled by / pol / and jabba the hutt will be our appointed leader . 
  i think the eu should annex russia . 
  it would be such an unexpected move , nobody there would know what to do . 
  oh and give every european a russian dacha . 
  i saw one at the airport the other day ... but she was leaving us for germany . 
  video units , monetized/adsensed youtube account . 
  very pernicious stuff . 
  since when am i apologizing anything here ? 
  if anything , a long dictatorship correlates with some degree of tolerance/acceptance from our people . 
  and nuclear armed israel , india and pakistan . 
  1 - set fire to factory 2 - film it in glorious hd with a drone/quadcopter 3 - post it online 4 - ... 5 - profit !, 
  to be fair , our fascism was much much more mild than any other european fascism . 
  probably an interesting thing to study as to why that was and pervades everything . 
  why we 're left leaning and abnormally moderate ( some may call it apathetic depressed or disconnected ) . 
  i personally blame it on the idiosyncrasies of our language . 
  it favors certain patterns of thoughts/repetitions and is somewhat exhausting to the mind ( complexity of 12 phonemes vs 5 in spanish , brazilian portuguese or english ) . 
  turks and turkish descendants make up 5 to 9 % of germany 's population . 
  google it , as it 's widely known and available online . 
  so , it may be decisive after all in the election . 
  the islamist thug erdogan has more power and influence than most think and he 'll love nothing more than see old europe burn to ground . 
  there 's a russian guy living down the street . 
  i 'm sitting here waiting for russian tanks to arrive with pre-filled referendum ballots . 
  it 's kinda hard to not do that when russia spans an hemisphere and is the largest country on earth by far . 
  hey man , i 'm not here blindly defending my country 's stance on these issues . 
  can you even make that distinction ? 
  i 'm not obliged to agree with every thing my country backs . 
  i certainly have disagreed in the past and will continue to voice dissent . 
  hell , i 'm even against the eu 's stances . 
  you should be able to decide for yourself too . 
  you do n't have to defend the belligerent bullshit your crooked politicians do . 
  if my country pulled something like this , you bet i 'd be against it . 
  dmitry rogozin @drogozin well , sirs from romania , we 'll soon explain it all to you - who you are and what we think of you __ if it gets deleted ... 
  oh , then by all means , let them stroll around in bombers all over europe . 
  that 's hardly belligerent or provocative at all !, 
  / s my country does n't drone bomb anyone . 
  if the americans do it , it 's a problem to be discussed diplomatically . 
  i 'm against it as most people in europe are . 
  but i seriously doubt romania or ukraine drone bombs anyone also . 
  or annex massive patches of territory from their neighbors .
