  argentina is right on this , however poorly timed and handled it may seem . 
  it 's a desperate measure but their economy is very very fragile and they need the energy sector to provide some breathing room or else they 'll never rebound from these last few decades of suffering . 
  the falklands / malvinas issue is another proof of this as they need extra revenue ( oil ) . 
  this just shows us that the imf current austerity recipe ( mid economic crisis ) is disastrous for anyone employing and exporting . 
  it merely creates a privatization movement that in the short-run destroys the business sector , seeks for monopolies and high profits next to an already economically stressed population . 
  it 's suicidal . 
  with this i mean argentina is internationally dead but so is the imf just a little further down the road . 
  not just by lack of weight and compliance from its beneficiaries ( such as argentina ) , but from clear lack of independence from the financial private sector , which has proven to be very disregarding of the social upheaval and injustice it creates wherever it goes . 
  wait a minute , i got this one ... is it ... germany ? 
  granted that this will earn me many downvotes , i have the direst of expectations from the world of 2032 . 
  the planet will either be going through its most violent and belligerent phase ( warring factions over resources and debt ) or that may have passed and all that is left is region states or religion-nations eking out an existence in a much more hostile and extreme planet . 
  but if there is any hope for the future , it definitely rests with a united europe . 
  and ... no portuguese !, 
  this is beyond illegal and unconstitutional . 
  it is immoral and a complete hijacking of civil liberties and democracy !, 
  also , the eu should have a say about it . 
  i 'm pro but i do n't think it will happen . 
  an economic and cultural window of opportunity for it has passed ( should 've happened 10 or 20 years ago ) and now there is much dissent in the union . 
  also , because the current and future * powers-that-be * , like the current superpowers , mega corporations , financial groups and even the emerging economies , will undermine every step of this process . 
  all that 's left is to decay into regional conflict . 
  islam does not wash out as easily as communism . 
  problem , europe ? 
  the responsibility scale is tied with the power scale . 
  surely you 're not exempting anyone from it for being chaotic ? 
  whoever in government or eu entity steered towards this clusterfuck should be now held accountable . 
  striped from their riches and be written down in history as persona non grata . 
  the roma are more flexible than you think . 
  they bend their cultural values just as much as anyone else . 
  all it takes is money and the right circumstances . 
  and if you marry a roma ( their traditional marriages and not the civil union ) , you become a roma . 
  a good example of this is the many different types of roma across europe . 
  did they not adjust in some way ? 
  they did . 
  but they keep to the edge of society and keep playing the discrimination card . 
  whatever benefits them most . 
  the discrimination is largely against the common citizen and not the roma . 
  it is the common citizen who gets discriminated and who gets to obey the law , pay taxes , and be pursued by the state if he does n't . 
  roma do whatever they want and ironically claim they 're discriminated . 
  well , discrimination as an exercise in self-victimization has been devaluing and worth less and less . 
  ethnicity does not excuse bad behaviors . 
  weak and unrealistic governments do . 
  i deal with roma pretty much everyday and they are pretty much above the law . 
  they are quite sheltered by society and granted pensions and land just for being roma . 
  they get away with all forms of child abuse , violent behavior , threatening of government officials and whoever gets in the way . 
  examples : they wed 12 year olds , most get government pensions despite having obvious wealth , they ride public transportations without paying , they do n't pay tolls , many young gang up to steal , they beat up anyone who remotely criticizes them , many deal drugs , have sweat shops with slave laborers and sometimes children , they hardly pay any taxes and are not pursued by the irs , etc. . all of which are things i 've witnessed countless times . 
  and of-course they are discriminated . 
  but so are the unemployed or the elderly !, 
  and quite freely too . 
  but if my culture had such strong connotations with mindless violence , i too would be discriminated , no matter how good of a citizen i was . 
  so the change mus come from within the roma community and there are little signs of such change . 
  so forgive my horrible generalizations but what i 'd like to see is the law being applied uniformly to the population , no matter race , creed or wealth , and without fear of retaliation . 
  if anyone wants to live in another country , they must obey the law . 
  period . 
  they can preserve the many good aspects of their culture and still be functional citizens and not be constantly breaking laws . 
  racist accusations in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  whenever high ranking officials say one thing , it 's usually the opposite . 
  one of these days , it might just happen yet no one will care or bother . 
  we 'll be under heavy shelling and being slaughtered while everybody else '' * roflol , again ? 
  crazy portuguese !, 
  what i dislike most is the deafening silence coming from even the most moderate of muslims regarding the atrocities practiced in the name of islam , whether in europe or anywhere else . 
  i do n't see any chance of dialogue with people holding any kind of religious stances . 
  it always leaks into their reasoning abilities and i 've experience this too many times . 
  downvotes and racist accusations in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  mother of god , the carbon footprint must be brutal !, 
  i think he means that it 's ironic to have a germany based newspaper portraying greeks as sufferers instead of self-entitled lazy bastards living an easy life of luxury on other peoples expenses , namely germany 's taxpayer . 
  i blame quantum fluctuations for giving rise to this sad universe . 
  the full article here : [ amid debt crisis , athens falls apart ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/0,1518,824011,00.html ), 
  but used too often and loses its power . 
  people become desensitized and accept violent behaviors from both parts . 
  they even assimilate such behaviors . 
  that 's why the greatest crisis in our generation is in leadership . 
  a good leader would stop the escalation and urge dialogue . 
  it 's game over . 
  all we can do is wait for it all to explode . 
  give it time and that policeman will be protesting too . 
  to put it simply , minister paulo macedo has blood on his hands . 
  he 's a reptile of a man interested in cold numbers , no matter what the cost . 
  he comes from a private health competitor ( m\u00e9dis ) and i expect the public health sector to be greatly privatized by the end of his term . 
  there are a lot of old people who receive small pensions , between 200 and 400 $ , that are grossly insufficient to pay for any medicine they need to survive . 
  and medicine is expensive ( generics are still struggling to pass the medical and pharma lobbying ) , not to mention that there is a lack of physicians in the rural areas and much of that money gets spent on transportation ( cabs ) and many health centers and hospitals have been closed due to budgetary constraints . 
  sure , they predict most people below a certain threshold of poverty is exempt from these taxes but to prove it , there 's a painstaking bureaucracy that many old folks ca n't perform . 
  also , keep in mind that this economic depression has been pushing many back home with their retired parents . 
  and these have to stretch the pensions to accommodate them . 
  food and energy costs are also much higher this year and heating is no longer an option . 
  now i 'm not gon na debate if this minister is the `` hero '' that portugal needs or deserves . 
  all i 'm saying is that he did a very violent and somewhat autistic rethinking of public health and you ca n't do that . 
  he had one objective - reduce global er intake rates and damn the rest . 
  also , this high number of old people dying is being pined on a flu virus when clearly they were just reluctant to go to the er 's . 
  when even social security workers say it . 
  i 've also met old people in rural villages who stopped medication not to mention trips to the er and are sucking it in while hoping the pain to just go away . 
  the creepiest part is that all this inadvertently cuts back on social security costs . 
  the more old people die , the less is spent in pensions . 
  but hey , according to this week 's polls , they 'd still be elected today with ruling majority !, 
  even when their amount of corruption , incompetence and insensitivity is bordering on insane levels . 
  it 's a worldwide standard corporate practice to bet on all potential wining horses . 
  whatever party wins , like in much of southern europe , the corruption is already set and ingrained . 
  the lobbyists will be there to ensure favorable legislation or any privatization agenda . 
  democracy is either dead or dying all over the planet . 
  i 'm no pr manager but it seems quite obvious that this is to make sure that any result can be interpreted as a victory for the party . 
  in sum , they sell themselves really short and any 2 digit result is a good one .
