  more and more interest rates were being fed in bailout money from all european citizens and into germany 's ( and others ) banks . 
  people even paid to store their money in german bonds . 
  never in history did so much money flowed into germany , not even during the 1940 's sacking of europe . 
  it was madness . 
  `` es war gut '' . 
  any attempt to resuscitate zombie economies was halted . 
  but what began in the south soon began to spread to the rest of europe as it was too good of a bleeding to stop . 
  from recession came a full blown depression . 
  still , no policy change was permitted and no compromise reached . 
  tensions grew and so did talks of ending this unbalanced and undemocratic union , whose ideals had been forgotten or never existed at all . 
  one by one , countries exited the union and dissolved into social chaos . 
  some would even argue if it was nothing but a bold and cold reptilian move by a country to conquer what they always seen as rightfully theirs - europe . 
  i 'm hoping to break records in negative karma . 
  fourth reich . 
  somewhere along the line , people will begin to lose count on all these * reich 's * . 
  i believe they 'll prefer the latter . 
  does n't bother me because i 'm tired of this slow death . 
  it wo n't be forgotten though and we 'll just return to our medieval bickerings and low quality of life . 
  means he 's invested sums on the euro collapsing . 
  this is the most ridiculously immature question that most resembles a pissing contest . 
  even if there were mountains of rare-earth minerals , diamonds and oceans of oil under such places , in a modern european context , all taxation would revert to the eu and the whole of the continent or are you all forgetting all the money being poured over the years for socio-infrastructural improvements ? 
  the uk is the uk and will never stop being the uk if it fully adheres to the eu . 
  same as spain . 
  as for the falklands/malvinas , it does look far away but so does the french guiana and a whole lot of enclaves of various sorts . 
  let the people who actually live there decide . 
  as for oliven\u00e7a , in a proper european context ... blah blah , repeating myself . 
  it does n't bother or even matters . 
  spain and portugal already share rivers , damns , artificial lakes , air space , waters , policing . 
  why not some ill-defined borders ? 
  it 's not like they can divorce us and move out of the peninsula . 
  now , in a different context , outside of a full fiscal/monetary european union , it should be dealt differently and perhaps more decisively . 
  without decades of bullshit and countless shifting referendums or oppression . 
  spare my weary mind with trife questions . 
  portugal lacks austerity and should up it to 90 years old , being that you 're very lazy and unproductive . 
  also , the funeral economy would save social security and the deficit . 
  everyone would benefit from another enslaved age group . 
  sincerely imf, 
  what story ? 
  is this some far-fetched metaphor ? 
  capitalism and deregulated markets do n't give a damn about families or patriotisms . 
  all it wants is free flow of capital and no legislation to hamper the economics of precariousness . 
  we can extrapolate this from basic primal psychology and even biology !, 
  they seek profit and total control !, 
  even if means squeezing any given society . 
  you 're just a number to them and when they 're done here , they just relocate somewhere else and grind them instead . 
  you know monopolies and cartels dictate things around here . 
  we 're just numbers to the shareholders . 
  think 4chan 's m.o and portfolio . 
  also , kids are expensive . 
  period . 
  the government spends from 4 to 10 000 euros on average per year ( 1st grade to college ) . 
  so every time a kid fails a year the cost increases . 
  this is why the government is being so laxed recently and ordering approvals . 
  we both know it . 
  also , it is far from the 11 000 euros a single inmate costs each year . 
  which is why many are still being subsidized ( guaranteed minimum income ) even long after school ( roma gypsies , drug addicts , ex-cons , etc. ), 
  as it totals far less then they would cost the state if put through the justice system and sent to prison . 
  families are also being driven to pay more and more of school tuition 's and opting on private schools , given the number of schools being closed . 
  books and other costs have doubled and in some cases tripled and books are now non-reusable from year to year . 
  in colleges , banks have broken through and are now in the student loan business ( the banks business model must keep on growing , right ? 
  ... like cancer ! ) . 
  scholarships and social aid keeps dwindling . 
  we 're a pale shadow of what we once were . 
  but this is just a symptom of a bigger ailment . 
  the whole of the world economy is based on unsustainable lies . 
  whoever falls first will be the example for the rest . 
  i was n't generalizing and i 'm not stupid . 
  i 'm pointing out the system which is geared for that and headed for more elitism and general poverty . 
  the government wants votes and the best way to get them is to meagerly subsidize them by building social housing and ghettos , inaugurating them right around elections . 
  it 's much easier to influence the under-educated than those with knowledge . 
  who do you see holding party flags in rallies ? 
  i know this all too well for having witnessed it . 
  i 'm not against the underprivileged . 
  i 'm against all this assimmetry and the privileged elites that rule/ruin this country . 
  i come from a poor single parent family , me and my wife both hold degrees and masters and we have kids too . 
  i know what i am talking about from first-hand knowledge . 
  if my kids want to grow and have the same opportunities i had , they 'll have to do so without the state against all odds and that 's a shame . 
  our best asset is human capital and we 're pissing it away for the sake of a some greedy bastards plans of neo-enslavement . 
  all i can say is that it 's very difficult for educated people to exist or have kids in portugal . 
  nice weather and such but the banks and cartels have a tight grip on this country and almost everything costs more and is taxed more ( in regards to medium incomes ) , than anywhere else in europe . 
  education is expensive and does n't guarantee anything these days . 
  housing and transportation costs are almost pornographic . 
  those that have families are the ones with the least ambition or have given up on many things in life . 
  they have no education and live in social housing . 
  some are foreigners , gypsies or just underachieving/underprivileged . 
  they breed more than the majority because the state benefits them and what get for each kid is enough for their low standards . 
  specially since most grow up feral kids for being forced to work and have very little in regards to the few privileged ones . 
  i know the world is in need of contraction but we 're definitely not creating a better world for our kids . 
  also , this map overlaps with an [ immigrant refugee influx ] ( http://media.ft.com/cms/2a937efa-96af-11e0-baca-00144feab49a.gif ) almost perfectly , so the fertility is tied closely with immigration . 
  bring on the racist accusations . 
  but if you do n't know how exponential growth works , in 3 generations they can become the majority !, 
  so congratulations on brand new your shariah califate . 
  go portugal !!, 
  they refused ? 
  how did they end up privatizing ypf in the first place ? 
  they did as the imf instructed ( predatory privatization ) and still got shafted , despite a initial spurt of millions favoring the same kirchner now in play . 
  moving away from the dollar and defaulting is the only solution i see now for the chronic debt cases inside the eu and i 'm not the only one seeing this as a better alternative to a slow death of a country and by death i mean a decades of enslavement to an irrational market setting of interest rates and eventually debt that realistically translates in the death of an entire people . 
  social upheaval ... you ai n't seen nothing yet . 
  think greece x times x the arab spring , with it 's monthly 30 % increase of food prices and energy , and only then you 'll know what is upheaval . 
  ask an argentinian living in the early 2000 's .
