  we had a tiny window of opportunity to reach space and grow out of resource constraints and even our mediocrity . 
  but we failed miserably and blew it all on wars , selfishness , amassing fortunes and generally pissing each other off . 
  it will never be like it was . 
  from here on it 's a downward spiral to paleolithic style savagery . 
  / end rant, 
  although i 'm an atheist and not a follower of the institution or the man , he made what seems like a reasonable decision , based on the catholic church best interest . 
  this is a noteworthy reform in itself . 
  that old men should n't linger to the very end of their lives suffering on the papal throne . 
  selflessness and sacrifice is an outdated concept , found mostly in ancient `` embellished '' scripture !, 
  reality is that it is sad and adds no dignity to the situation and makes the vatican look like a bunch of morons and sadists . 
  not to mention the exploitation by media and other groups . 
  i find it very distant from the church 's reality and the needs of modern society . 
  funny is that if a * peter * gets nominated ( and it looks like it will ) , the saint malachi [ prophecy of the popes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prophecy_of_the_popes ) will fuel a lot of apocalyptic crap . 
  but then again , maybe saint malachi was foretelling the epic vatican bank shitstorm that is about to smite us all !!, 
  repent !, 
  to receive citizenship , one merely has to have money and be willing to make a deposit on a spanish bank . 
  i once bought a beer to a polish guy just because of that . 
  maybe she recanted because the racism she reported would generate even more racism . 
  however noble , it still would n't solve the problem . 
  france does n't want radical islam to subdue niger , their main uranium supplier . 
  france has 70 % nuclear power and is an energy exporter . 
  they do n't want to depend on foreign energy which these days does n't come cheap . 
  i 'm sympathetic and behind france on this , but the west is full of hypocrites that piss away any moral high ground when dealing with religious fanatics and third world conflicts . 
  this is why they 'll win and we 'll lose . 
  they do n't have this moral `` flexibility '' , they 're true to their thuggery . 
  we 'll eventually have a shock drop in the markets due to lower purchasing power and obvious lack of consumption . 
  add the growing unemployment and massive income inequalities and you get a fiscal disaster !, 
  tax revenues will tank . 
  the effect of all this ? 
  the richest of the rich will become richer and scoop up countries whole sale . 
  funny , whenever i try to submit something to help understand the tensions in other eu countries , that involves islam , it gets censored . 
  i do n't how this submission passed through the mods , when it implies some kind of muslim bashing . 
  i have an idea . 
  why do n't we head over to / r/islam and let them mod / r/europe . 
  it 'd save a lot of trouble . 
  lets see if this submission passes censorship . 
  my comment is clearly insane and you are the rational one !, 
  happy warfare !, 
  hurr durr guns do n't kill people , people kill people ... 
  i have a right to have/own/develop as much guns as i want ... 
  seriously ? 
  this discussion again ? 
  nukes do n't kill people either . 
  nuclear armed subs do n't kill people . 
  uranium or phosphorous shells do n't kill people either . 
  fuck the geneva convention . 
  fuck the people further down the generational line . 
  fuck prevention . 
  fuck humanity !, 
  lets escalate this shit !, 
  i would n't afford daycare for them . 
  if i go , i will certainly live on a meager salary , below or equal to minimum pay . 
  and apart from politics , portugal is the best place to raise kids . 
  warm climate , free high quality health care ( lowest child mortality in the world ) , not an earthquake or hurricane zone . 
  it 's relatively safer than most eu countries and above all , there is no racism , given we held our colonies till the 1970 's , we are very understanding of that . 
  angola is awash in cash and development projects . 
  many construction companies are only holding on because of africa . 
  and they speak portuguese language , being a former colony and all . 
  but it 's becoming difficult to outcompete the chinese , say my friends over there . 
  the corruption levels are through the roof . 
  i 'm scraping by but considering it also . 
  just thinking about leaving my kids crushes me . 
  a bit further south and the whole falklands issue would solve itself . 
  emigration is speeding up !, 
  and many of those emigrating are skilled workers . 
  everyone i graduated with and with whom i still keep in touch have left or are thinking of leaving the country . 
  there are no jobs , none !, 
  the country is at a dead end . 
  guys ... to the last one leaving at the airport , do n't forget to turn off the lights !, 
  `` hey turkish community , you 're calling me a racist only because i 'm white !, 
  now that 's racist !, 
  and i 'm deeply offended ! '', 
  seriously , cut it with the inferiority complex and do n't milk the white guilt . 
  it 's getting old . 
  privatized water is never allowed to drop below a certain price . 
  for instance , even if it became widely abundant , it would n't drop in price . 
  there could be massive changes in infrastructure and investment , expansion to other markets and such , but it 'd never drop to a residual value . 
  it 's against corporate nature . 
  not to mention the increase in size means lower taxes per investment . 
  there would be a lot of arguing in favor of maintaining said higher than demand prices . 
  add to that the current monopoly that is water in many countries and there is no alternative product , second only to air !, 
  this makes it a highly coveted target . 
  it would create a vicious , non competitive , against public interests service and would likely follow awful policies , against the environment , because it 's not profitable to care for the environment . 
  this environmental fallacy is widely known and basically tells us that no profit driven entity will lift a finger to really care for the common good or environment . 
  that is the governments and non-profits job . 
  against what happens normally in public services , that follows different ideals , where common good and sustainability come before profit , shareholders dividend distribution or ceo/board pay . 
  governments own aquifers in the same way they own airspace . 
  no they wo n't . 
  you make it sound like there 's an organized skinhead movement . 
  there is n't . 
  only a few pockets of boneheads with little chance of growing . 
  people do n't act against attacks from minorities . 
  guilt disables them . 
  fundamentalists have the upper hand . 
  they have the organization and the foreign support ( saudi arabia , qatar , egypt , etc. . ) and of course the religious motivation which is unstoppable and impossible to reason with . 
  the only cure for this is education ... 
  so , the only skull splitting or beheadings will be those of the kaffirs or infidels . 
  but there 's an aspect of islam that enables all this . 
  the supposedly moderate muslims take no action when other ethnics are involved . 
  they tacitly side with the extremists every time !,
