  seen them rally or denounce any of their own ? 
  rarely happens and only when it 's an inside issue . 
  and the numbers of muslims in europe are grossly underestimated . 
  france is close to a third of its population . 
  as is the netherlands and the uk . 
  other nordic countries also have growing communities . 
  why do we even negotiate with totalitarian states ? 
  this kind of moral compromise is a death blow to european ideals . 
  which make me think european leaders are no longer interested in these ideals , only their personal bank accounts . 
  china is a dictatorship !, 
  it does n't respect human or worker rights . 
  it has a promiscuous approach to business and whenever something gets sold to chinese hands , know that it is in fact a chinese nationalization taking place . 
  that icelandic resort ? 
  that 's righ , nationalized !, 
  in my country , the energy sector has been handed over to chinese three gorges , which is a chinese government lackey . 
  we 're talking about an energy monopoly being pretty much given at huge discount prices . 
  the result : already in it 's boards are a number of executives that stemmed from the parties that ruled the country these past years , have zero experience in those areas , but were key advisers and decision makers in the process . 
  this is outrageous !, 
  and weeks after they bought this huge chunk of the company they were also given shareholder dividends of 20 % of what they had paid initially . 
  relating to a period they were n't even there !, 
  and already in the works is an increase of energy prices , designed to bleed out the companies and the citizens and make them more dependent of foreign capital and further privatizations such as water , fuels and transportations . 
  china is bribing their way into europe . 
  the eu comission , weak and corrupt as they are , turns a blind eye . 
  iceland ( the massive land lease ) , portugal ( privatizations ) and now greenland . 
  there will come a time when we will be completely dependent of the east and our lives will be miserable . 
  whatever this guy says , we should do the opposite . 
  he 's a blood drenched mass murderer . 
  i 'd sooner take advice from a sewage rat than from this sinister fella . 
  economic chaos is the norm and corruption runs rampant . 
  after years of turmoil and sedition the union slowly progresses into a totalitarian superstate . 
  corporations and 0.1 percenters eventually run the entire show . 
  they 'll control whatever remaining resources exist , all the wealth and the armed forces . 
  as the biosphere collapses under the weight of over consumption and global warming , democracy gets suspended indefinitely . 
  markets become controlled and eventually irrelevant . 
  capitalism morphs into a fascist neofeudalism . 
  there will be no free press and information will be controlled . 
  small inner wars will be fought and easily won . 
  separatism will be controlled but terrorism will remain abundant . 
  starvation , disease and violence will make up the periphery of europe . 
  the inner core however , lives pretty well . 
  europe will likely face other eastern and western alliances over resources and other interests . 
  when a full blown war is no longer avoidable , everything goes to shit and all these territories dissolve into chaos . 
  religion then takes over . 
  islam of course . 
  persecution , slavery , beheadings and shariah help form the new western caliphates . 
  europe is now like north africa is today . 
  dry and often barren . 
  population is scarce and wide spread . 
  obey the caliph or else . 
  this makes my blood boil ... 
  good point . 
  put them on an iceberg instead and wait for global warming to do the rest . 
  the seeds of islamic separatism ... 
  antartica . 
  they can harass penguins and make them follow shariah . 
  not sure if the penguins will be as lenient as europeans . 
  muslim apologists brigade in 3 , 2 , 1 , ... 
  as an ex athlete , i do n't even watch these big sports events . 
  it 's not just the tour/vuelta/giro . 
  it 's almost every major competition . 
  the most ridiculous are the olympic games . 
  sure , they train and have much more refined techniques but the edge nowadays is sophisticated chemicals and how to get away with 50 shades of doping . 
  and not to mention politics and corporate power influences over sports , drug testings , appeals and basically everything from selecting locations to training sites , referees , deadlines , etc. 
  it may sound cynic and bitter but the same way big capital and politics are never good for the public , the same goes for big capital and sports . 
  i liked the germans mem ( mobile ethnic minority ) . 
  mem 's all over the place , cashing in on the sophistication of european taxpayers . 
  there 's a rather abundant supply of them and they have very little to loose . 
  france is right but they 'd do well in not underestimating the fanatics . 
  kinda reminds of the description max brooks gives of the hordes of zombies in wwz , being that they are as relentless as they are stupid . 
  there was a somewhat peaceful revolution in 74 and ever since , freedom of press has been the norm . 
  there is still gross manipulation of information and corporate media censorship but that 's another story . 
  comparing turkey to portugal is just ridiculous . 
  turkey needs to deeply reform before they 're allowed in . 
  i do n't want them in because they 're hardly secular , they 're a security risk and they 'll likely not reform anytime soon . 
  they are also a denialists regime ( armenian genocide ) , oppressing curds and bordering too many war torn terrorist havens . 
  i do n't care if they are an economic powerhouse . 
  for now , they 're a demographic and political liability , as is china , pakistan and even india . 
  my government 's and president 's position is in favor of turkey joining . 
  but our governments are notorious shortsighted and analyzing on short terms as well . 
  hey , i 'm feeling islambol . 
  but for every fritzl there 's a lot more mem 's ( mobile ethnic minority ) . 
  also , fritzl and the likes of him become instant worldwide celebrities for these crimes . 
  people rally for their victims . 
  these mem 's get away with the most horrible infliction 's on children and yet nobody seems to care . 
  to me , this is the real racism happening . 
  caring little for the lives of these underprivileged children . 
  it 's like the law was n't written for them . 
  they 're not considered citizens or even humans . 
  if it were a blue eyed blond girl , there 'd be an epic shitstorm in the media and the courts . 
  racism exists and it is perpetrated by those that abuse this word , devaluing it to extremes . 
  understandably , people want to pass as broad-minded , tolerant , magnanimous and sophisticated , but this actually reflects ego and ethnocentricity . 
  if one wants to be just and respectful of others , one must treat those as equals and uphold the damn law . 
  everything about this subreddit stinks of this sick sadomasochistic kind of racism . 
  it 's better to deal with the skinheads and religious nuts because atleast they 're consistent and i can tell them to fuck off . 
  i know the law , but sadly the number of young girls being married and consummating their marriages at illegal and immoral ages are still a current practice in these communities . 
  cultural relativism impedes law from being enforced . 
  not just portugal ... 
  it 's not a question of race , creed or ideologies . 
  the law should be blind and protect the vulnerable and not permit monstrosities under the guise of multiculturalism . 
  if anyone cries against it , they 're dubbed racists and right winged nuts .
