  transparency is n't working and the controversy solon considered as obligatory has little to no effect . 
  institutions designed to protect the public interest and the environment are not working . 
  corruption is everywhere and at the same time it is very insidious and camouflaged from the public eye . 
  this means it was slowly educated into society and silently installed itself in power . 
  it thrives on the sea of cynicism and apathy . 
  of course we think it ca n't be there , but at the same time we all observe its effects . 
  it 's a paradox !, 
  or mass delusion . 
  i agree we live in good times and to a good extent the status quo is shifting . 
  the great normalization between genders , in countries the old 80/20 rule is shifting as wealth shifts . 
  all good and expected things , but in the midst of all this rich keep getting richer and the class gap widens . 
  it means bad things are to come , because we all know history and the human mind . 
  values we once took for granted have been changing and disappearing . 
  society is losing structure . 
  basic rights are being taken . 
  common sense is being thrown out the window . 
  short termism and galloping greed is destroying the planet . 
  the revolution will happen , peacefully or not . 
  i think he means the environment . 
  and he 's right . 
  even if great wealth can be created , it does n't come without a cost to the planet . 
  at least , not with current technology . 
  can you please explain why ? 
  because cynicism is very easy and fashionable . 
  i 'd even say it has a huge part in how bad things are today . 
  i know it 's not even remotely in europe , no matter how much of a `` eurovisioner '' you are . 
  apart from that , it 's a beautiful resource rich country that will likely become a superpower on it 's own in the coming decades . 
  all it needs is to get it 's act together ( as do all former soviet states ) and diversify in the imports/exports . 
  democracy would be a good welcome as well . 
  bring in much needed change and innovation . 
  being under the russian umbrella is seriously cramping their style . 
  not that russia is bad . 
  i think even russia should welcome more diverse markets . 
  economic growth in kazakhstan would seriously benefit russians . 
  please , do add some substance . 
  why is he idealistic and naive ? 
  forget winning or losing debates . 
  let 's focus on the validity of the arguments . 
  and paxman was doing his job , very well imho , by counterpointing . 
  i think even paxman acknowledges brand is right and brand does summarize it well and simple enough to the common citizen . 
  it 's something that 's been done before by celebrities ( damon , clooney , etc. ), 
  but brand struck a nerve and gave good examples . 
  what he said makes perfect sense and what does n't make sense at all is the lack of proper response from the public . 
  i do n't mean extremists or revolutionaries . 
  i mean , typical middle class folks and the educated pockets of society . 
  we 're watching the biggest theft in history and doing nothing about it . 
  even most scientists and economists advocate for serious change or else we 're risking the loss of everything so a few can make pornographic profits . 
  you are right that it 's obvious no system is ideal . 
  the problem is people . 
  always will be , no matter what system we , the people , choose to use . 
  but in the current times , one must agree that the people are almost sedated . 
  i do n't preach armed revolution or a new bastille , and there will always be people ( specially here ) trying to reduce that to those kinds of extremes and in absolutes . 
  like some school debate club ... 
  in any case , the outrage should be higher and it should spill into politics and elections . 
  the growing disparity in incomes and distrust of politicians does n't bode well for the planet . 
  i 'm not against capitalism , i 'm against the corruption of values , the lack of transparency and equality , the return to a neo feudalistic condition . 
  this is the result of corporate and financial meddling with politics . 
  it will end badly , if it does n't end civilization at all . 
  too much power corrupts and it is leaking into the legislation . 
  appalling things are happening and people are silent about it , either out of fear or indifference . 
  when what we should do is peacefully protest for serious change . 
  people do n't realise that it is the current system , this crony plutocracy and corporations that are legislating on their own interests , not the people nor the communities . 
  parties are financed by corporations . 
  whose director boards are filled with party members . 
  lobbyists are allowed to skew things . 
  and this wide-scale corruption and bullshit tactics , such as the ones you mention , are also allowed to continue and spread due to serious civil rights infringements , concentration of power , the threat of unemployment and the death of investigative journalism . 
  what ? 
  the question ca n't be put like that because it would involve gross speculating . 
  how do i know the path portugal would follow had it not joined the eu ? 
  of course , many here hate us so much or have so little faith in our abilities that would probably put us in the bottom tier countries . 
  that , my dear redditor , is as xenophobic as it gets . 
  almost like the caste system in india . 
  we 'd never amount to no good . 
  a lot of economists say otherwise , yes . 
  and they all seem to be in charge or have great influence . 
  but still , does n't seem to be working thus so far . 
  unsustainable crippling interest rates that are equal to odious debt ? 
  irrational , unfounded fears coming from a clearly artificially manipulated market so as to meet certain politic ends ? 
  speculating on the weakest links to undermine a whole project ? 
  being served on a platter to wall street and eu sharks by the same institutions that are supposed to shelter and buffer these assaults ? 
  seriously ? 
  a default would put things in order . 
  bailouts imply momentary relief but they strain everything further on . 
  both on national and international level . 
  it gives a very wrong message to the markets . 
  too big to fail means gross abuse over taxpayers . 
  it 's socializing losses while privatizing profits . 
  how this makes any sense to anyone ... that is , other than to those with serious and personal financial interests at play ... 
  i would drop the line today , if i could . 
  if the eu and the imf did n't have us by the balls . 
  i 'd leave the eu and the euro and tell everyone to go exploit some other poor saps . 
  unfortunately , our people is conflicted about this . 
  our politicians and even the media do whatever corporate interests or the bigger countries tell them . 
  it will change due to the growing despair of things . 
  when it does , this now minority view will grow and a secession will occur . 
  what will happen next is a a big unknown . 
  i do n't discard being bullied further by the usual big players . 
  maybe we 'll get `` good old democracy '' shoved down our throats . 
  / r/europe is notorious for not following reddiquette . 
  and most armchair / r / europeans dismiss contrary or controversial views as noise and downvote them out of sight .
