  the edl is no match for this fervent minority - islam . 
  it is out of their league . 
  there is n't a solution that does n't involve violence or stern criticism to either parts . 
  there are rumours of splitting romania between them . 
  the hungarians are a distinct ethnic majority in parts of romania . 
  it is n't . 
  it paid off loans and is actually growing faster than anyone else in the eu . 
  the hard right recipe is actually working and it 's scary to see it . 
  it 's been done on the backs of a few disgruntled citizens though . . undemocratic and borderline criminal . 
  left wing anarchist redditor here . 
  well being of few , is what you should add . 
  you are agreeing to the bullshit tale that paints us a being an inferior people that destroyed itself . 
  whoever shares this/my narrative now is not just inferior but village drunks , lowlifes and wannabe politicians . 
  the geopolitically educated middle class is migrating to germany and other core countries . 
  our most bright and result of decades long efforts to educate them , are now working to benefit another country . 
  soon the periphery will be irreversibly disenfranchised . 
  without resources and any sort of power . 
  but everything and everyone has a threshold . 
  even if slowly pushed . 
  it will all blow up spectacularly . 
  the village drunks and marginal politicians will grow in popularity . 
  the rest is history repeating itself . 
  but do n't expect the `` sophisticated aryan middle class '' to get away with it so easily . 
  you 're the one feeding on bullshit . 
  actually read up on the subject . 
  do n't skim it or stick to pop sources . 
  i 'm surprised there has n't been a rebellion yet , given this is the age of instant free information . 
  it 's probably disinformation and media control couple with a lazy complacent public not to mention corrupt officials . 
  the noose is tightening around our necks . 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  those indicators are just as cooked now as they were before joining the euro . 
  spend a few days in my country and report back . 
  it 's that bad . 
  oh it 's this article ... again . 
  very brave and noble but at the same time very stupid , naive and even cringey . 
  i felt like i was watching the hindenburg starting his maiden voyage . 
   `` it is very exciting , '' jorgen ouren of statistics norway '' not sure if sarcastic or retarded . 
  does n't work for some . 
  works quite well for others , hence the dragging of this . 
  you think the core decision makers are clueless about this ? 
  let me put it clear . 
  if it was n't turning them a profit in some way , it would n't be happening at all . 
  real politik , real ekonomik !, 
  disband the eu before it 's too late . 
  we 'll be at each others throats by the end of the decade . 
  they already have dropped my country . 
  our recession is as bad as the american in 29 , but with no sign of recovery . 
  we 're just being squeezed and drained of any resources , while the markets and some countries banking sectors act criminally and speculate over our demise and cultural ineptitude ( xenophobia ) . 
  mind you , we have zero control over anything since early 2000 . 
  the eu is a sacrificial death cult . 
  aaaaand the nuclear arms race begins . 
  in portugal , we are taxed monthly social security when earning above 2500 euros per year . 
  the minimum monthly tax rate is 125,00 euros . 
  so , if you make 2600,00 euros per year , expect to pay 1500,00 to the state . 
  and those contributions do n't really revert that much to future pensions or unemployment funds . 
  this is by far the most rage inducing and violent decision taken by the current executive - psd/cds . 
  this creates tax evasion , employee abuse , crippling poverty and hell , even low birthrate . 
  i 'm surprised it has n't created `` terrorism '' . 
  but check this out . 
  minorities , like gypsies , are exempt from all that . 
  a typical german attitude . 
  some things never change . 
  yes . 
  but because military presence will be increased in those states and ethnic russians will be placed under tight surveillance and likely discriminated against , legitimizing russian support for rebellion , autonomy and creation of buffer states . 
  a sort of self fulfilling prophecy . 
  also , expect the eu bureaucrats to do nothing other than turn a blind eye and tend to their political careers . 
  probably a few more chancellors will end up in the boards of russian gas companies . 
  yes . 
  but because military presence will be increased in those states and ethnic russians will be placed under tight surveillance and likely discriminated against , legitimizing russian support for rebellion , autonomy and creation of buffer states . 
  a sort of self fulfilling prophecy . 
  also , expect the eu bureaucrats to do nothing other than turn a blind eye and tend to their political careers . 
  probably a few more chancellors will end up in the boards of russian gas companies . 
  no it wo n't . 
  romania is getting fucked over . 
  it ~ ~ ' ~ ~ s most prized assets will be owned elsewhere and it ~ ~ ' ~ ~ s most educated elite will have left . 
  painfully obvious by now . 
  how do you explain gypsies then ? 
  for years i ate fruit soup and beans out of cans ... 
  maybe jirinovski would take over . 
  what then ? 
  i bet his first executive act would be `` launch everything on everyone !! '', 
  this will only benefit russia . 
  it has historic resistance to hardship . 
  a big enough country to produce all it needs and above all , it is on southeast asia 's good side . 
  china is slowly becoming it 's biggest trade partner . 
  this is about the only time europe should be incisive in their actions , instead of toppling petty dictators and fueling islamic terrorism . 
  it 's unbelievable that a country is being broken apart and invaded in 2014 europe . 
  a country guilty of wishing closer ties with the eu and the west . 
  it 's also unbelievable that a civilian aircraft was downed and already all seems forgiven and forgotten . 
  300 casualties . 
  this truly is a wretched union of spineless self-interested bureaucrats . 
  time to squeeze more `` juice '' out of the south of europe . 
  here comes more austerity , privatizations , resource drains and whatnot . 
  right into german pockets or benefit . 
  disband the eu/german empire now !, 
  the title infuriates . 
  stop calling it eu and call it the german empire . 
  they 'll never admit failure . 
  they 'll sooner raise a crescent moon flag over their parliament . 
  africa 's birth control is : malaria , aids , ebola , war , violence , misery , religious extremism ...
