  not interested . 
  just what is rightfully ours . 
  a concept spain keeps forgetting , selectively . 
  who 's willing to join efforts with portugal over the disgraceful and unlawful theft of [ oliven\u00e7a ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olivenza ) ? 
  not to mention the spanish two centuries long botched attempt at erasing the portuguese culture and legacy from the area . 
  i do n't mourn him . 
  he 's covered in virgins by now . 
  a british like insularity . 
  if by valhalla , you mean the afterlife , as in after being dead and destroyed , i tend to agree . 
  a federation of europe will likely end in destruction . 
  but then again , i see even less hope in our current situation . 
  there is too much dividing us and there is just too much xenophobia and ethnocentrism . 
  we all got a notion of just that with the recent crisis . 
  in no time , there came derogatory terms like piigs and lazy and corrupt . 
  the pervasive notion present in everyday discussions and in the media , that southern europeans are subhuman filth compared to the mighty germanic north . 
  and this is not anecdotal , although i 've had my share of hearing germans rant pretty offensively on portuguese and pretty much southern europe . 
  this is also very much present , although a bit toned down , in eu governments , ruling bodies of the eu , the euro parliament . 
  i see that as bad omen for things to come . 
  we may choose to ignore or dismiss this but it will never go away . 
  it will always harm or discriminate people . 
  and this sentiment is being exploited for profit by large financial and banking sector . 
  you see , for wealth that is concentrated like never before , wars are ideal for a quick profit . 
  so are economic recessions in certain countries . 
  to be scooped up on a discount . 
  and the whole euro project . 
  making this botched failure of a plan look like the southerners fault ... unbelievable . 
  who planned this ? 
  were they really that dumb ? 
  they were n't . 
  it was intentionally designed like this . 
  what we 're experiencing now was preordained . 
  and the whole dissonance across the eu on this issue is no coincidence either . 
  nor is it democracy at work . 
  this is the only explanation as to why there are countless diverging opinions from a single eu body . 
  political noise/schizophrenia or perhaps mandated to create chaos and allow an elite to make a quick buck from . 
  before dismissing me as tinfoiler , do an occam 's razor on these same issues . 
  we just ca n't get along . 
  we may never will . 
  we could n't even get along if we had a common foe threatening our very existence . 
  edit : fixed a few typos . 
  and add the fact that this thread , more relevant than any other , has n't gotten any traction , and is actually getting hammered down , speaks of the current condition of the eu . 
  the azores were also considered . 
  salazar however , completely shot the idea down . 
  itt : only positive views . 
  negative ones will get hammered down . 
  why bother ? 
  throwing 50 billion at the roma problem will not solve it . 
  throwing them out of europe will . 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  it may not be compulsory but the effects are still similar . 
  over 6 % of the population have already left the country . 
  the undergoing privatization effort is putting natural resources and monopolies in foreign hands . 
  foreign companies , who can finance themselves at much lower rates and have their own governments b backing them , have a huge advantage over portuguese companies . 
  i do n't believe in free market , because there is n't one . 
  i do n't believe good intentions , because the narrow minded calculistic , mindless profit driven stockholder mindset is pervasive . 
  there are no free lunches . 
  the eu was never a free lunch . 
  it was a ticking time bomb just biding it 's time until it began being hijacked by large corporations and financial groups . 
  everything that will happen will happen for the good of the powerful and not the citizens of europe . 
  it was in publico . 
  it was obviously fictional , but carried some legitimacy or at least plausibility . 
  what will happen when there 's no more rope to pull ? 
  a lot we did n't see happening , like for example the reversal of basic rights and quality of services/life . 
  life expectancy is down . 
  healthcare efficiency ratings are down . 
  quality of water is down . 
  prices are up . 
  social benefits are way down . 
  a 400 % increase in unemployment over 4 years . 
  interest rates are up . 
  housing costs are way up . 
  education , fuel , medicine , food , all increasing in rates far bigger than wages , that are being cut . 
  i hate to say this , but the eu is a pipe dream . 
  we 'll end up far worse than we entered the cee . 
  in 5 years , at current rates of `` extortion '' , all the infrastructure , all the liberties and quality of life we had , even before joining the eu , will become out of reach to the global population . 
  sure , the privatizations will keep some things running , but the costs will be prohibitive . 
  we 've got no tools to control our deficits . 
  our constitution rightfully hampers policies and higher eu courts will stand by it . 
  it 's an impossible mess . 
  today i read a story in a paper about a theoretical mandatory evacuation of our country and the downright selling of it . 
  for the saudis , chinese or whatever . 
  evicting and disbanding an entire people into the world . 
  like we 're the new jews . 
  and the portuguese being welcomed as 3rd class citizens ripe for exploitation in their new countries . 
  this is the stuff of nightmares . 
  i prefer super bock but sagres is nicer for continuous drinking . 
  guess the stagnating waters of this foul european swamp will keep still . 
  i ca n't even imagine what more austerity means . 
  short of building a giant meat grinder and using the younger and former middle classes as knackwurst . 
  yeah and harass minorities or something . 
  that one was also a huge hit over here . 
  it probably parket itself in the charts for more than a year . 
  reminds of `` gim me gim me gim me '' from abba . 
  the whole watching tv at night and feeling horny . 
  you guys have a serious advantage over the rest of us . 
  that also means that , if obama could go for a third mandate , he 'd win . 
  i 'm beginning to believe the people want to live under fascist rule . 
  probably because they do n't want to decide things or assume responsibility for their choices and actions . 
  they want nothing to do with it and delegate responsibilities elsewhere . 
  a lot of talk goes into saying we have no great leaders today , but the sad truth is that we do n't have a people worthy of them .
