  northern europe ... no wonder this crisis drags !, 
  you need our skilled yet cheap labor to stay in business and outcompete asia . 
  such a thing ( closing of borders to portugal ) would actually force companies to invest in portugal if they wanted the high skills along with the lower wage . 
  all the poor and ailing countries would become much more attractive economically . 
  see , no need to see things from the fatcat northern european perspective . 
  schengen and the euro currency should have come only after a fiscal union or federalization of europe . 
  david cameron is a total dick , but i agree with him on this . 
  the syrian people is stuck between assad and the fundamentalists . 
  somehow , assad seems the least * worse * option . 
  obviously , this is because the un and some of it 's prominent members are n't interested in free democratic elections over there . 
  how about try to sort your shit out instead of running ? 
  if things got bleak in my country , i suppose we should try to fix things instead of running off . 
  there is strength in numbers and people should band together for their country instead of leaving it to the warlords . 
  well , turkey aids these refugees by allowing them through into europe and turning a blind eye . 
  true that they have a humanitarian crisis at hand but they also make the best of the situation and try to screw south-eastern europe . 
  i am amazed at the solidarity shown between people that are unemployed or living on minimum wage with the people earning pornographic pensions of 10k to even 60k/per month . 
  or the golden pensions , which are pensions given for a political career . 
  or the ones accumulating multiple pensions ( widowers ) far above the necessary to maintain a good life . 
  or the many politicians that can retire after just 8 years of parliament duties . 
  or the many party members that earn pensions for less than a year of work in the public sector . 
  or the public employees that retired after a working life with no performance reviews and automatic career advancing - these earn well above 2000,00 $ and retired at 55/60 years of age . 
  say what you want , but there is no class war in portugal . 
  we 're just too stupid . 
  i love that our president only sends legislation that affects him to be analyzed by the constitutional court . 
  everything else seems cool with him . 
  just do n't reach into his pocket . 
  and the judges ... they 're all partial in all this , with huge conflicts of interest and essentially deciding on their own interests . 
  rally for the gibraltar cause and side with your government throwing diplomatic tantrums . 
  even most of the population is for the taking of gibraltar and throwing the british out . 
  but when it 's the other side complaining surely then they must raging and butt hurt . 
  the definition of selfishness and bias . 
  i think you make for a pretty hopeless case . 
  not a single drop of coherence . 
  there is n't . 
  we do n't have grudges as they are pointless and we do n't care enough to engage them . 
  if we did , we 'd solve it once and for all . 
  but calculism prevents us . 
  however , they consistently bully us . 
  and they think themselves superior and that we are an geographical error . 
  we could have portugalized spain a few times in history . 
  our armies breached madrid no less than 200 years ago , when engaging napoleonic forces with our brittish allies . 
  maybe we should have raised it to the ground or kept it as portuguese . 
  it 's a skewed statement , as one would expect from a politician . 
  2 ^ nd and 3 ^ rd generation imigrants are considered native ( and justly so ) but these have a much higher birthrate as most hospital staff have stated in the recent past . 
  and they did n't implicate european immigrants . 
  sadly , there are n't official statistics as it is illegal . 
  oh , it 's nationalistic ? 
  but why are you failing to apply that towards spain ? 
  bias much ? 
  spain claims the rock as it 's own with no regards for legality . 
  uk 's claim checks out and is legally sound . 
  same claim spain makes easily fits ceuta/melilla and morocco , with spain playing the uk 's role . 
  but no , it 's nationalistic on my part to point spain as being a chauvinistic hypocrite . 
  as for olivenza , legality , history and culture dictate that region be handed over . 
  200 years of occupation and persistent destruction of portuguese heritage , failed miserably . 
  as for the rest i mention , it 's a mere drop in the ocean of selfish shit spain pulled in the past decades . 
  every year , during winter i go inland to see my old folks lands flooded by rivers which its floodgates were open without warning . 
  every year or so i enjoy the dusty yellowish fields of drought and loss , because spain chose to divert the river to water their crops . 
  the kicker is , we gave them access to alqueva , which was a costly endeavor and only the largest artificial lake of europe , that finally ended decades of droughts and loss in alentejo and spain . 
  you can bet they would n't have shared it . 
  another [ vienna treaty ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/congress_of_vienna ) has been repeatedly ignored by spain ... spain is illegally ocupying [ oliven\u00e7a ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olivenza ) . 
  it has tried to destroy all traces of portuguese culture and recently arranged for portuguese teachers and language to be scraped from the school curriculum . 
  we should n't respect a country that does n't respect us . 
  they do n't honor treaties , conventions or even political agreements and repeatedly give in to chauvinisms . 
  they flood and divert rivers at will . 
  they place nuclear plants near borders with favoring climate conditions that would guarantee fallout going mostly into portugal and not spain . 
  they even recently delayed and pushed the tanker prestige deliberately into portuguese waters , so that it would be our problem and the spill would damage portuguese shores . 
  they lucked out on that one ... what the hell is spain thinking or trying to achieve ? 
  i find it is true what they say in portugal things coming out of spain . 
  no good winds nor good deeds . 
  the uk should dig into that rock and hold it for as long as they can . 
  and morocco should just march into ceuta . 
  the arrogance of these guys . 
  everybody knows leak related sites will be next . 
  he wants the power to shut down the guardian and other snowden related sites . 
  how this man is still in office is beyond me . 
  it 's a bloody shame something like abu hamza still leeches on ... in this planet . 
  that 's a problem , right ? 
  how long until they wish to join turkey ? 
  balkans ... 
  eau means the whole area to me . 
  i 'd throw in neighboring giants as well like saudis . 
  they deal in dollars , they pump oil on wall street / white house recommendation . 
  they accept only the petro dollar . 
  giving the us a huge discount on oil payments . 
  they are militarily protected by the us . 
  they get huge subsidies from the us . 
  they buy stuff from the us . 
  us drones can do whatever they want over there . 
  the us actively protects these undemocratic nations from potential `` arab springers '' by using information services . 
  and still , they are not reliable . 
  pakistan , yemen , oman , saudi arabia , have all been found sponsoring terrorist groups in the west and they do so freely because it also serves the us political interests . 
  being under threat justifies a lot of mischief towards their own citizens ( patriot acts , sopa , pacific trade agreement , gitmo , mass surveillance , etc. ), 
  and the ever increasing militarization eisenhower warned on his departing speech . 
  the main source of terror in the world is radical islam and it 's roots are in those wahabi , suffi and sunni regions . 
  oh and the eu is much closer to that clusterfuck than the us . 
  this also pleases the us politically as it does n't need terror acts on their own soil and just use nato alliance to `` aid '' . 
  they can and have done everything they wanted . 
  goodnight to you too . 
  the referendum i mention is not for russia , not now at leats .
