  germany is propelling itself onto the new emerging markets by standing on the corpse of southern europe . 
  i 'm a fine example of a mentality that is growing . 
  distrust for germany . 
  that 's what i am . 
  againts an economically subservient europe , dominated by german banking sector and german large conglomerates . 
  against having our best minds sucked into the german industrial machine at discount prices , in a neoslavery mentality . 
  i 'm against german companies walking all over their counterparts with a huge advantage , either in state support , interest rates and even institutional/legal complicity . 
  germany is benefiting from the soverign debt crisis and german will keep on benefiting because it dictates eu policy . 
  but the world is a big arena and there are other big players willing to take on mighty germany . 
  and when they do , things will begin to change for all . 
  i agree it 's a failed project . 
  but you shed some light as to why it has failed so miserably . 
  if the eu was created to contain and destroy germany , it is now no wonder germany is fighting the eus initial design and trying to undermine the whole eu project to their advantage . 
  our former prime-minister recently stated that schauble was intent on breaking the southern economies and acted irresponsibly by going to the media every week , to create doubt and fears . 
  in a complete disregard for what the eu commission and other eu leaders were speaking . 
  he even went as far as call him a bastard . 
  do you honestly think this will end well in the future ? 
  do you honestly think this will be forgotten or go unaddressed ? 
  do you also believe these german antics as still convincing anyone ? 
  so you do take a defensive position towards the eu . 
  as you view the eu being originally designed to contain and destroy germany ... that attitude explains a lot and i 'm willing to bet a lot of high profile people tacitly share . 
  book cooking . 
  poland can into profits . 
  and anarchy is the logical future . 
  sarcasm detector off ? 
  it 's ok because its serbian graves and the perpetrators are muslim . 
  reverse the roles and see the shitstorm it would cause . 
  germany may not indulge in displays of patriotism anymore , but it 's sense of self preservation is very strong . 
  it calculistic places itself in vantage positions and uses strong arm policies to bully countries into submission . 
  well , democracy is in a crisis . 
  decisions solely on the interest of the bigger countries clearly is n't cutting it . 
  at least , not for the smaller countries . 
  whiny is and adjective often employed by the strong over the weak and the children . 
  feeling powerful and talking from higher ground , are n't we ? 
  they 're paying and getting paid handsomely . 
  and by paying , they ensure their industries and banking sector gets paid as well . 
  and by paying , they own these countries politically , hence the privatizations and exodus of skilled workers . 
  do n't just conveniently ignore that . 
  germany does n't give a damn about southern countries . 
  it wants power and control over europe . 
  everything around it serves as canon fodder or a buffer . 
  democracy at it 's finest . 
  the most dominant country ( regarding users and also with the biggest population ) , downvotes what it does n't agree with . 
  does n't follow reddiquette , just downvotes it out of sight . 
  someone please tell me if it exists a better analogy of current eu politics . 
  feel free to dig into my comments below , perhaps before a ban is put in place . 
  that 's not even worthy of a response . 
  i know where i 'll stand in regards to that politically . 
  make sure you know too . 
  the whole death by austerity should be obvious by now . 
  economic death . 
  mass impoverishment of nations and disenfranchising an entire culture . 
  allow a massive shift of wealth in the form of odious debt to flow out of a country into the hands of private speculators . 
  privatizations carried in the interest of the few , instead of the many . 
  favoring certain countries companies financially . 
  or do you think portuguese companies can get the same finance rates germans can ? 
  or even have the same government support ? 
  the table in europe is seriously tilted in germany and other north countries favor . 
  why would the german industrialist lobby to be the other way around ? 
  it 's much better to cannibalize closer to home . 
  about those risks . 
  well , it 's every country for themselves . 
  why even call this a union ? 
  why have a common currency even ? 
  seems far too well designed to favor a few and screw others . 
  and the complete lack of direction ... every week some ministers say one thing , the eu commision says another , the banks another , taking interest rates higher still , making recovery impossible , but probably filling their own pockets and bank accounts . 
  screw this union . 
  i 'd like to welcome you to a new age where people do n't give a shit . 
  even blatantly knowing illicit , illegal and unethical behaviour from governments and corporations wo n't make people budge or have any political consequence !, 
  political suicide ? 
  the world is slowly committing suicide by simply not caring about people and each other . 
  we 're witnessing a massive shift in quality of life . 
  growing class disparity in wealth across the entire planet ... sure , it 's not that bad yet ( for some ) but it 's all down hill from here , because nobody seems to care . 
  what trolling ? 
  i wish ... you really have no idea of the devastating political power and influence germany has over the rest of europe . 
  `` out of sight out of heart . '', 
  one can be an arrogant prick about one 's nation without being a nationalist . 
  nationalists without economic cause will rally around a country 's cultural roots , history or ethos . 
  countries with economy wealth and political power will spawn less obvious nationalists . 
  but the same sentiment is at play - ethnocentrics . 
  a little travelling down south would help you rethink things . 
  or not ... 
  a shared feeling . 
  i also think if europe does n't band together `` properly '' , then europe will be destroyed or simply destroy itself . 
  the problem you seem to be having is the excessive confidence in your government . 
  a sort of masked nationalistic fervor clouding judgement and helped by the fact that germany stands above all those economically ravaged countries . 
  a time proven recipe for ethnocentrics . 
  it 's all ok as long as we 're not them and who cares about principles or responsability ? 
  ... have you read the news lately ? 
  germany is spying on it 's citizens and sharing it with the nsa . 
  germany is a us accomplicit in these matters . 
  germany has strong us presence in it 's country and many extradition and cooperation deals . 
  it also stands to lose a great deal if it were to get in a dispute with the us . 
  if you want to reduce things to hyperboles , be my guest . 
  i 'm sure snowden will see past the layer of bullshit and do a better judgement of things . 
  mullahs and sense ... oxymoron ? 
  germany is not a country i would trust . 
  germany spies on its citizens and carries out the same us practices . 
  seeing the wave of indignation is a complete non sequitur . 
  it most likely does industrial and financial espionage to favor german companies and finance institutions .
