  the scent of pines and wildlife . 
  wish i could say the same of some of the people living there . 
  `` while it might be true that the glorious north does look down on the south '' period . 
  you ca n't admit that and remain on good terms with yourself . 
  that 's a major impediment right there . 
  wars are fought over such issues , usually with lame excuses or faulty ideologies backing them . 
  there 's just no condoning that kind of sentiment . 
  and it 's so damn obvious , that denying passes for trying to make fools of people . 
  the southern people know very well of this mockery , despise , recklessness towards us . 
  this chart proves the false debauched union . 
  how long do you think this will last without degenerating into belligerence ? 
  how many more of my people need the thrown into the grinder to feed the xenophobic northern plutocracy ? 
  dissolve the eu or allow peaceful exit and default from it . 
  enough is enough . 
  bring them down-votes . 
  yes , i dislike the eu . 
  i dislike the hypocrisy and false sentiment . 
  i dislike a handful of ethnocentric countries imposing their bullyish sense of democracy and self perpetuating themselves as poster boys of success and superiority . 
  much like what intangible tangerine said also applies to portugal . 
  the eu is a major disruptive force . 
  sure we get the funds , but only half way if that much . 
  we must heavily indebt ourselves into applying projects . 
  and to get the funds we also have to grease the bureaucratic corrupt machine that is the eu . 
  phony public competitions for projects . 
  inflated costs for structural and industrial projects . 
  huge amounts of kickbacks all the way up to brussels . 
  and northern/central european companies and banks have their cross hairs over this and usually get them . 
  it 's so obvious . 
  the eu was a sham . 
  a pipe dream . 
  people here are finally realizing it . 
  maybe because northern countries behave arrogantly and self righteously while despising southern europeans , who they view as inferior . 
  fine . 
  we 'll make you regret it though . 
  it 's not like we have n't given `` ulcers '' before . 
  relax . 
  it 's just the locals going about their routine business . 
  do n't worry , we do n't trust anyone other than ourselves . 
  that is the real gem of that chart . 
  given we have so much distrust and dislike towards us - portugal - i propose we leave and never look back . 
  oh , and screw you and the money y' all are owed . 
  well now you of my surprise . 
  it 's directed towards the far right/boneheads response . 
  fundies vs. fundies . 
  to `` hell '' with both . 
  hardly , but even if ... what 's your problem it ? 
  got nothing better than go checking post history or tagging me as an islamophobe for disliking religious violence ? 
  perhaps i shoud shut up and accept there is a religion of peace somewhere in there . 
  not likely . 
  besides , i was mentioning i never figured the far right to be so organized and so engaged in tackling islam . 
  this however , was the plan of that stoneage fucktard choudary and his ilk . 
  i was hoping people did n't fall for it and just delete him from european society . 
  along with any other neonazis . 
  because they do share a lot in their ideologies . 
  certainly more than a few dozens . 
  this is a very shocking report . 
  i never imagined these would be so advanced and organized . 
  fantastic women are everywhere in europe . 
  i have issues with the path leading up to the troika . 
  we were put in a very bad spot with no real choice . 
  there is no proportionality or rationality in anything that happened and is still undergoing . 
  disenfranchisement of an entire people and whole sale of a country and it 's resources , human resources included . 
  opinions are like a spectrum , as most things in life . 
  they change and can be reasoned around . 
  to think otherwise is foolish . 
  just because i have a informed opinion , does n't mean i ca n't change it later . 
  matured opinions are common . 
  what i dislike is the whole nordic/germanic do no harm poster boy tripe that fills this sub . 
  only shit and problems com from the poor south and east of europe . 
  and they have the numbers to push their ethnocentric ( euphemism for xenophobia ) ideas and votes around . 
  this mirrors quite well their societies . 
  i 've experienced it first hand , anecdotal of course , but enough for me to distrust anything related to them . 
  whenever these felt comfortable or that no one consequence was listening , it usually revealed very offensive attitudes towards southerners . 
  the north and center are far from perfect . 
  and they 're certainly not above criticism . 
  i also think we can not coexist in a union . 
  there are too many differences , a lack of respect , trust or any sympathy . 
  and above all , opposing financial interests . 
  i 've written extensively about being anti-eu . 
  this post is not about why is that . 
  otherwise , i 'd be putting in a footer at the end of each post in r/europe . 
  this is about being censored or dismissed just for having a contrary opinion to the majority , which i , promptly and in honesty , stated . 
  here in portugal we call this the crime of opinion '' and is very frowned upon . 
  again , structure in a post in some subreddit should not be so strict or even expected . 
  it 's informal and light . 
  no free lunches . 
  and certainly , there is foul interests at play . 
  speculators greatly magnified and exploited a weakness , while the eu stood by doing nothing out of corruption . 
  by speculators , i mean the big banks . 
  the same that finance german , british , french and dutch ruling parties . 
  the bigger the banks , the bigger the cancer . 
  edit : again a down-vote for not approving my opinion . 
  in my personal view , i see this as false magnanimous gestures , by those involved in the financial slaughter of fellow member states . 
  i still maintain the sovereign debt problem was designed within the eu and everything is going as planned - bleeding the eu taxpayer . 
  the eu is as much of an oligarchy as the us or russia , with corrupt tentacles spreading from it 's core . 
  follow the money , the profits trail and follow the political interests . 
  it all adds up . 
  deny it is happening . 
  the time zones are insane . 
  compared to greenwhich time .
