  you mean a massacre of the white minority ? 
  call it anything but just not a civil war . 
  and it would also bring about a racial apocalypse worldwide . 
  got to admire mandela for stopping that . 
  portuguese prime minister asked that same thing a couple years ago . 
  he actually said it publicly and implied young people are too accommodated and lack initiative . 
  meanwhile , almost 6 % of the population has left ... 
  but mostly , it was the people who could make the difference that left . 
  the phd 's , scientific researchers , business men . 
  funnily enough , many politicians have left too . 
  so many people now willing to give germany and other northern european countries their academic skills and boost their industries for lower wages . 
  but of course , that was n't * designed * ... could n't have been !, 
  those countries would n't . 
  and the whole rape statistics pointless arguing . 
  as if rape even gets reported in underdeveloped countries . 
  islamic radicalism is a cancer growing in europe and while it grows , governments and political leaders are choosing homeopathy to deal with it . 
  it will end miserably for humanity , let alone europe . 
  i doubt it . 
  i mostly hear jokes about ourselves !, 
  '' [ alentejanos ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alentejo ) '' to be more precise , rather than the spanish . 
  even our african fellow portuguese speaking countries get more air time than spain . 
  here 's one : how do you tell an `` alentejano '' pirate from any other pirate ? 
  answer : he wears tabs on both eyes !, 
  there 's a million of these out there ... so you get the idea . 
  it 's all about making fun of the traditional warm , rural and slow paced living associated with that region . 
  do n't underestimate the french with their foreign legion and superior military capability . 
  the islamists do n't stand a chance . 
  their only chance is terrorism and taking the fight to france . 
  africa is the future . 
  it 's resource rich . 
  it has the demographics . 
  it has by far the highest economic growth potential in the world !, 
  arable and fertile land , oil , ores , water , you name it . 
  and it is still there for the taking . 
  why is china so invested there ? 
  along with siberia and southernmost america , they are the three major potential wealth sites in the world . 
  africa tops them and it 's climate is the most livable of all . 
  the market is not very attractive here or in spain because of tough work laws . 
  but these laws only cover the existing employed workforce or the public servants . 
  the newer generations got the short end of the stick and are precarious and will remain so . 
  contracts are not renewed and bonds between worker and company are unheard of among the young workforce . 
  therefore , the prospects of moving a company to a certain country needs long term strategic thinking and this is where problems appear . 
  our anachronistic legislation and the fear of going somewhere that can inflict heavy losses with severances and other legalities . 
  where a long term worker ca n't be easily cut off if disputes arise . 
  we 're somewhere between the criminal and the ridiculous . 
  on one hand , the baby boomers had it easy and still have it in a way . 
  the newer generations are paying that price . 
  needless to say that those older working force lobbies have immense disruptive power and changing legislation or even enforcing simple performance evaluations in the public sector is nearly impossible . 
  everyone is unreasonable . 
  it 's like a requirement to be in a union or in the government . 
  demographically , no . 
  culturally , even less . 
  job-wise , also no . 
  call centers are disappearing as we speak . 
  you see , it 's not just automation in factories that is killing employment . 
  * virtualization * of services like call centers is being handled more and more by computers . 
  in my calls to commercial lines or help centers , computers pick up the phone and give me choices . 
  it 's infuriating and adds to the calls cost . 
  putting the costs more on the caller side . 
  people avoid calling and the companies apparently like that as it drives revenue and looks good on performance evalutions . 
  even if someone is bordering on insanity with a lousy faulty service . 
  whatever jobs exist , they are precarious and brutally underpaid !, 
  they also do n't allow any stability and show no understanding towards the human side . 
  our government is guilty for handing us over on a golden plate to our new corporate overlords ( slavers ) . 
  portugal is imploding demographically and socially . 
  much more than any other country . 
  we are already the most depressed people of europe . 
  how much longer until we all go mental ? 
  what will be the end result of all this madness ? 
  voting is such a limited experience . 
  we could develop better ways to referend opinions and choices on the countries strategies . 
  not just vote and delegate . 
  compulsory voting should had after a well discussed and heavily debated session . 
  people should be able to vote `` i do n't feel sufficiently informed '' or `` the debates were inconclusive , skewed or had very low quality '' . 
  and we should have degrees of * agreeance * and separate distinct issues . 
  for instance , i agree with a party opinion on maternity leaves but disagree with same party on gay rights . 
  i also feel that besides compulsory , people should be held accountable for their decision . 
  not in a penalizing personal fashion , but in a general form and mentioned in future debates . 
  people write off accountability and lay it all on the politicians . 
  if things do n't pan out , then it should have an educational value . 
  this guy did this and expected that . 
  why it failed and why it was going to fail . 
  why it was so popular and why it should make people think harder . 
  in my country , i feel that the political process is a mine field . 
  it goes ad hominem very quickly . 
  there 's too much noise and information is very scarce . 
  not one promise has been kept in the last 100 years . 
  the country 's strategy seems to be that of a few banks and mega companies . 
  also , only the same parties get the stage to voice opinion in the mainstream media . 
  smaller parties are the key to the future of society . 
  i think a platform should be developed where all parties have equal footing , i.e something like a webpage with videos and information regarding everything political . 
  it would create and voice political movements more easily . 
  the smaller parties that have yet to form are not held by higher interests and have not devolved into a culture of corporate and financial submission . 
  they are not tied to an age of broken models and self-destruction . 
  if they do n't appear , there we 're done for . 
  i hold no hope for the current political matrix . 
  this is all very jay and silent bob . 
  who the hell expects to punish and subdue the internet ? 
  do n't they know about the streisand effect ? 
  so we should throw more money their way and go even further in relaxing law when a gypsy is on the stand ... just ignore the children .
