  i can certainly enumerate a bunch of ridiculously banned and censored stuff , due to pseudo offensive nature . 
  but obviously dmx albums are on a different plain of existence . 
  i really like the [ portuguese one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9vt29lvgt8 ) , but i 'm totally biased towards it . 
  it has a very epic and sacrificial tone . 
  some argue we should change it 's lyrics . 
  they 're dark and gloomy , which i find very fitting given we 're all like that . 
  my translation `` the portuguese ( female ) '' heroes of the sea most noble people brave and immortal nation rise up today again for the splendour of portugal in the mist of memories oh motherland we feel the voices of our most prominent grandfathers who will guide you to victory . 
  man the weapons !, 
  man the weapons !, 
  on land and sea man the weapons !, 
  man the weapons !, 
  and fight for our native land towards the cannons , march !, 
  march !, 
  it 's obvious the work of assad and his goons . 
  this is the definite proof we needed to bomb syria back to pleistocene . 
  i get a feeling we 're going back to arrests in the middle of the night , missing people , living in fear of what is said or even heard , huge levels of censorship and a medieval moral matrix . 
  ah , and of course , not long until the reopening of the old concentration camps ... glorious and visionary eu . 
  they 'd foreclose on city hall assets . 
  they 'd hold public services hostage and win wholesale privatizations . 
  if all else fails , they 're leveraged internationally but would also likely be bailed out by the government or the eu/ecb if things got out of hand . 
  banks take part in win/win situations . 
  it takes a very naive person to conceive otherwise . 
  we 're not getting any better at managing profiteering . 
  we sent very bad signals to the markets by not controlling these financial thugs . 
  maybe my metaphor was extreme but the point is to substantially reduce the ill influence of these groups over society . 
  they are amoral people with no sense of vision who would and will destroy the entire planet if it gives them a profit . 
  this last part is not a metaphor . 
  they are not a lot . 
  they are poorly distributed . 
  the inland is grossly underdeveloped . 
  but i wo n't complain lest they have ideas to build more inland . 
  yes , it would . 
  it would be a `` coup de gras '' to the region . 
  which is why i already suspect it of being `` in the works '' . 
  banks win either way . 
  if they can catalyze economic disaster , they win the most in the shortest amount of time . 
  to paraphrase and adapt baudelaire to modern times . 
  `` portugal will never be free until the last crooked politician is strangled with the entrails of the last bankster . '', 
  i also read about that many years ago and there were many legal loopholes for the government to use . 
  the vci around and through porto ( where i live ) has been rumored and even officially commented on as being * tollable * , and for many reasons , such as too much traffic , much needed income to the region . 
  maybe it has n't because the current president somehow managed to control his city 's debts , which is the same as saying he has n't done anything noticeable . 
  other freeways , which were built with bank money and by the city hall iniciative are the ic 29 ( gondomar ) . 
  these will be taxed anytime soo as the interest rates are pornographical and variable . 
  there are also gaia 's roads which i ca n't find if they are government/eu subsidized or just taken as debt by the city . 
  i 'm inclined to think the latter , given our president menezes `` estroinice '' ( eagerness to spend ) . 
  the day they start putting tolls in the inner/outer city limits , and they 've hinted at that , that 's the day we 'll get some good rioting . 
  stay tuned . 
  800 euros a month is a very high income . 
  i do n't know that many people who earn that much . 
  maybe that number is reached by combining the many rich/billionaires into that statistic , which totally skews things given portugal is a highly unequal country . 
  i was in paris for a while and it was the most violent city i 've ever visited . 
  although i was a foreigner , i only had problems with toher foreigners and none with the native population . 
  i had violent episodes with muslims , almost getting lynched just for being on a street while protests about that silly mohammed movie where happening . 
  i had many theft attempts on the subway by gangs of arabs and even gratuitous violence from arabs as well in the bars at night just for being a pale white blondish guy . 
  also , the usual roma trying to scam me and african street salesmen being beyond obnoxious . 
  i hope next time i go there , it would be peaceful . 
  it wo n't be . 
  in fact , it will be worse , which is why it 's out of my future plans . 
  on the other hand , rural france and the whole of spain were charming . 
  be prepared to see these numbers rise tenfold . 
  when egypt collapses economically , millions could swarm southern europe . 
  same thing can happen with lebanese and syrian . 
  sadly , they are out of reach , protected and unaccountable . 
  game over man , game over . 
  russia already has solid indications , if not evidence , to back that up . 
  the rebels are monsters . 
  the problem is n't the pork . 
  it 's a lot , lot more !, 
  it 's the way islam views women , children and the west . 
  but not just that , but homossexuality , criticism and free speech , marriage , apostasy , atheism . 
  the current state of islam is very intolerant , much more so than say ... the catholic church !, 
  and it has an oppressive , stubborn ethos that pervades all aspects of life , from dress code to banking affairs , politics and even education . 
  it tries to `` terraform '' it 's host into an islamic friendly place , and that is often incompatible with local rule of law . 
  if you make exceptions , you 're going to have a bad time . 
  if you do n't , you 're going to have it even worse . 
  it 's not xenophobia if people refuse to integrate and are asked or forced to leave . 
  it 's a cowardly , self-victimizing effort that should be clear to judges and legislators . 
  are we north korean ? 
  because i never heard anyone referring to our founder as `` dear '' . 
  you imply americans do n't read rand . 
  subtle . 
  that 's not the point . 
  their leaders stood behind her and based their entire economy on it and to an extent their legal and political frame . 
  to this day , libertarians use objectivism to justify policy . 
  and to me , libertarianism is nothing but permission to allow the strong to rule over the weak , lawfully !, 
  which in turn creates an incredibly aggressive society , almost bipolar , that hates the poor and the weak and completely ignores the many complexities and influences in society . 
  all that `` american dream '' bullshit is a dangerous premise to base a culture on , leaving a lot of people angry . 
  and it obviously triggers feedback mechanisms that further wealth and opportunity to an ever privileged few . 
  one has to be blind to ignore this in american society . 
  you have to admit virtue is lacking in us society . 
  there 's too much consumerism to allow even hints of it . 
  there is just very little common ground between us . 
  to me , you live in absurdistan , not portugal . 
  no , but i dealt with plenty spanish all my life . 
  i like the spanish very much . 
  i would n't trust them , but i sure like them . 
  i also love their language and culture . 
  it 's surprisingly friendly and diverse . 
  chauvinism is also a serious issue among older spanish people , which is something i never see in old portuguese men . 
  we are much more respectful and completely bypass racisms and other ethnocentricities .
