so , we 're racists or xenophobes by default and only through acknowledgement and praise of differences do we get acquitted of it . 
  i get it now . 
  how is this news ? 
  the problem is they are sharing any and all personal data with anyone eho files a complaint against any video or comment . 
  they are identifying critics of islam and people have begun getting death threats and forced into hiding in germany and likely other european countries will follow . 
  people are being put on terrorism hitlists and yt does n't give a damn and washes hands from this . 
  it 's an automated process that bypasses human decisions . 
  this is abominable . 
  imagine reddit doing this - sharing personal data with rogue unknown people ? 
  it would mean global hunting season . 
  it 's ok folks !, 
  discrimination by non-white people against white people either does n't happen or is completely justified . 
  save youselves another rage-inducing aneurysm . 
  and the eu 's inaction is a clear sign of how corrupted and corporate owned it is . 
  our entire history is full of examples of epic bravery and selflessness . 
  i do n't know what the fuck happened in these past decades . 
  well , ` bout that ... 
  you * wanted * them . 
  it 's different . 
  given 40 % of young portuguese are unemployed and have no prospects of improvement , you are correct . 
  they should start surveying the spanish coast . 
  my personal favorite is afonso de albuquerque . 
  one of our brightest military commanders . 
  kicked the turks and persians all throughout the indian ocean and african , indian and middle eastern shores grossly outnumbered . 
  at a time islam seemed unstoppable . 
  and my favorite '' diverting the course of the nile river and so rendering the whole country of egypt barren . 
  perhaps most tellingly , he intended to steal the body of the prophet muhammad , and hold it for ransom until all muslims had left the holy land . '', 
  he had giant balls . 
  i agree with you on everything you wrote . 
  the concepts i brought up are to be met half way or at least acknowledged leaving no room for double standards . 
  when they 're not that 's when we have problems . 
  for instance , we have a country undermining policy that could help the eu 's economy as a whole . 
  it 's insisting in lowering wages , increased austerity and mass privatization of public sectors and essential economic resources , which btw are the last structural leverage we peripheral countries have over the economy !, 
  as we do n't control currency anymore . 
  yet this same country does n't apply the same prescription at home . 
  it does not even charge tuitions anymore . 
  it says we have too many educated people , which is an absurd manipulation of data . 
  the surveillance security and overall paranoia costs are not factored in . 
  having a nanny state costs ... a lot !, 
  truth is a very difficult concept to explain , there are books and books about it !, 
  it 's vague nature is why it is abused by the usual block bullies . 
  in this case we could say truth orbits around justice , compassion , tolerance , moderation , reason and sustainability , which in turn materialize as law . 
  i read it many years ago in his book about faith , dubbed [ `` temor e tremor '' ] ( http://static.fnac-static.com/multimedia/pt/images_produits/pt/zoompe/8/2/1/9789726656128.jpg ) / fear and trembling ( i think it was there but the quote is his , i just ca n't be precise ) , which is about faith reason and morality . 
  anyways , i googled the entire quote for you . 
  `` truth always rests with the minority , and the minority is always stronger than the majority , because the minority is generally formed by those who really have an opinion , while the strength of a majority is illusory , formed by the gangs who have no opinion -- and who , therefore , in the next instant ( when it is evident that the minority is the stronger ) assume its opinion ... while truth again reverts to a new minority . '', 
  i mean smaller countries or regional governments , obviously . 
  minorities often must use reason and principles to survive . 
  bigger countries will often lose sight of this and use their immense gravitas to get theirs . 
  kierkgaard said the truth always rests with the minorities . 
  i do n't like the german dominion over the union , democratic or not . 
  big countries are an afront to true democracy . 
  i would like regionalization to take hold and countries disappear . 
  porto vs lisbon, 
  just what we need !, 
  just for professional work , obviously . 
  there should bare minimums to operate any news `` paper '' , same applies to journalists . 
  the internet is devolving to the chaos and unbearable noise of blogs and photoblogs , amateurs unbound by any ethics , work code or accountability . 
  accuracy of reporting is long gone . 
  this is right up there in the list of things posing a threat to social stability . 
  the daily * ruperts * thrive on this swamp of paranoia and lies . 
  it 's already one of my degrees . 
  i work in the area professionally . 
  work ? 
  sure !, 
  now getting minimally paid for it is a different story . 
  those few who get paid are grossly underpaid . 
  there is very little respect in the biz because of immense subjectivity in recognition of quality of work and also because everyone and their grandmothers consider themselves pro-photographers and apt for pro work , which dilutes prices/wages , jobs and furthers poor reviews of the art and invites for gross generalizations !, 
  photographers are depicted as lazy , greedy , entitled , artsy , hipsters , whatever . 
  to be a professional photographer , you either have to be a wizard or have very wealthy background to sustain you . 
  not to mention thick skinned to endure the easy criticism from everyone . 
  europe should regulate this area and credentiate professionals . 
  i 'm sick of this shit . 
  sporting a canon 6d with a 24-105mm l lens . 
  was she a photographer ? 
  either merkel lives in la la land or she wants brexit . 
  it 's part of her game plan . 
  europe could use the natural resources and surface area . 
  russia could use european help to fill and fulfill it 's immense empty vastness and stave off southeast china . 
  and the political reforms would help russia too . 
  the eu would soon become more balanced in terms of political influence . 
  it would also be a soap opera of epic proportions . 
  i 'm up for the courts deciding this one . 
  there are mechanisms to dealt with these issues as they arise . 
  surely you do n't think the general public is enlightened about this , right ? 
  i mean , they should be but are n't really . 
  in any way , the courts should be quite clear and transparent about this . 
  and if the uk wants out because of it , then so be it . 
  join the eu . 
  that 's more than reasonable request . 
  let 's hope the same measure extends to all foreign dialects in classrooms . 
  i have a feeling arabic and african dialects will be excluded . 
  and while we 're at it , it would be nice to have homogeneous measures across the eu . 
  in any case , this will hardly culturally `` castrate '' anyone . 
  if anything , because these are teenagers we 're talking about , it will help make that language prevalent . 
  on the other hand , can we pull a russia on this ? 
  given we 're 20 % of the population , we could annex part of luxembourg ( bad bad joke ) . 
  oh , telling me to shut up ? 
  i bet you feel right at home here . 
  i 've known a few , even worked long time for german companies . 
  enough to shape my view .
