  ghettos are known for not welcoming police and not reporting offenses . 
  abused women/children hardly raise their voice against their bigoted families or husbands . 
  violence goes unreported . 
  police does n't even go in those places . 
  edit : one last important one !, 
  politicians and precincts do n't want bad statistics , making them tacit accomplices . 
  some have asked the exact same thing about being anti-germany . 
  that i seemingly hated germany with a passion . 
  same with the eu exit by portugal . 
  same with the erdogan/turks/armenian issue . 
  if i did n't believe radical islam to be a most serious threat , i would n't write about it . 
  you mean the nordic caliphate , right ? 
  we 're not talking intra-eu immigration here and everybody here knows it . 
  do n't add noise to the discussion . 
  the answer is n't also ignoring dire social issues . 
  people feel ignored . 
  no wonder they vote for extreme parties . 
  not only these have yet to be in power , so they 're not yet tainted , they 're the only ones discussing certain key/taboo issues . 
  to me , the biggest winner of these elections in my country was abstention - 2/3 of the people could n't care less for these elections . 
  that 's a record high number . 
  big enough to urge serious reforms in the current parliament seated parties . 
  sadly , it wo n't change a thing ... 
  best to have these results/political messages in these elections than in a general election . 
  here we go ... 
  i think that 's why we ca n't have serious discussions . 
  so-called extreme parties are met with extreme remarks . 
  i 've been in tough places . 
  i 've done volunteer community work deep in heroin dens and toughest neighborhoods of my city - porto . 
  what i experienced in paris is beyond description . 
  the city itself is beautiful . 
  the `` natives '' are also very sophisticated and on part with the beauty of their surroundings . 
  on the underside , there is this thick layer of very poor immigrants , particularly from certain cultures , namely arab/muslim , african and eastern/roma . 
  these form gangs and criminal rings . 
  they are clearly out of place and have no desire to integrate , otherwise , they would n't be so confrontational and so stubborn in maintaining and even go beyond their most extreme antisocial cultural practices . 
  i had regular confrontations and huge stress with these gangs . 
  their numbers are huge and they 're angry . 
  that 's what it felt like . 
  anger and aggressiveness . 
  maybe not . 
  political outcomes are somewhat cyclic . 
  what these mean is that there 's great discontent with key issues that are repeatedly ignored by mainstream parties and that are having a negative effect in society . 
  choosing a extremist party will at least get the ball started . 
  it 's not racism to want to curve immigration . 
  it 's not racism to want immigrants to live as any other citizen and integrate in european society . 
  particularly when europe is in a financial crisis , with little possibility to accommodate any and all immigrants . 
  making everything racism is cheap rhetoric . 
  paris is a violent and chaotic ethnic soup . 
  i have never felt such a tense and intimidating society . 
  good for them . 
  i 'm pro left , but i disagree with the current european policy on immigration . 
  it 's impossible to even discuss it without being called a racist bigot . 
  these suicidal immigration policies will spell the end of europe . 
  there is a shocking asymmetry of values being poured into europe . 
  these have no desire to integrate or even moderate themselves . 
  multiculturalism is a naive and dangerous concept !, 
  it 's also a lie and a social bomb waiting to go off . 
  probably a very truncated version of european history . 
  how else would anyone call it `` european '' history and aim it at young students ? 
  probably just equates to skimming through it with ethnocentric views and a very local setting . 
  lucky for us the globalization and the internet has allowed much better access to information and people . 
  this is what creates that elusive european identity and also where europe outdoes the other unions of countries and federations . 
  we have the freedom and technology to do this . 
  and we also have the political and fiscal incentive . 
  things like a common currency , freedom of movement and trade inside schengen space . 
  also , things like the knowledge exchange in this sub is great and very positive . 
  when i was young , we 'd exchange with other european students via eu programs . 
  it was very slow and not very effective , unlike today . 
  but it was a great start nevertheless . 
  it 's too bad we 've become saturated with cultures that we do n't share anything with nor have any desire to integrate and assimilate our values . 
  these have a very divisive influence in europe . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  nationalism and irredentism coupled with cultural idiosyncrasies are responsible for all major wars in europe through recorded history . 
  if anything , these past 200 years have been wars over hegemonic banking and trade pretty much forced by monarchs . 
  how else would my country rally up troops to destroy the repeating onslaught of asturian and castillan troops ? 
  by appealing to nationalism , pointing out differences and a desire to remain independent from foreign rulers . 
  here 's a better advice . 
  learn/read the proposed policies by each party or the party you 're inclined to vote in or identify yourself with . 
  find their history of fulfilling those same campaign promised policies . 
  the stats of their past performances in the eu parliament are available online . 
  how many speeches , proposals , etc. 
  if they underperfom or fail repeatedly to fulfill those promises , do n't expect it to be any different this time . 
  do n't vote if you do n't identify with any of the choices or believe they 're prone to not represent your people . 
  i think it 's best and sends a clear political message from the people to the parties and to europe . 
  make a parody of it if you will . 
  i take nothing from my initial comments . 
  by fixing our economy , that means aggressive privatizations , destroying purchasing power , access to health or education ? 
  ` fixing ' is another fancy and false word for making easy profit , exploiting , disenfranchising an entire people with abusive fiscal shock policies , germany itself does n't apply at home . 
  he 's a sell out . 
  a mercenary . 
  he abandoned being prime minister for the eu committee . 
  created a years long big political mess back here . 
  portugal is falling apart . 
  widespread poverty , broken families from unavoidable emigration and homelessness rising meteorically . 
  the eu , aka german empire , is determined to consume/destroy the periphery with wave after wave of relentless xenophobic economic impositions . 
  dictatorship over europe in the 21 ^ st century . 
  people no longer trust governments or the eu but do n't fall for populist parties . 
  euro scepticism is rising . 
  the voter turnout is expected to be historically lowest . 
  for years germany vilified southern europeans with racist demagoguery antics . 
  clearly they despise us and feel superior .
