  not only that but those with power and influence get shitstorms and risk killing their careers . 
  what about the marriage of pre-pubescent 12 year olds with older men ? 
  whats your opinion on that ? 
  there goes the french budget . 
  the real reason for any arms race . 
  taking what you need and without asking . 
  brilliant caveman logic . 
  they are still one of the most , if not the most , military successful countries in recorded history . 
  even with the ww2 debacle . 
  upvote for meme economics . 
  really , that 's all that was missing these days . 
  in other news , outsourcing to eastern sweatshops bring in billions of profit !, 
  there 's close to a million portuguese people living in paris . 
  should they claim some lebensraum ? 
  in luxembourg , portuguese make up for 20 % of the population . 
  should we claim it ? 
  it should n't be a question of numbers . 
  that 's seems to me like a medieval line of reasoning . 
  and soon unite with the bosniaks so they all can enjoy a islamic caliphate . 
  ummah is just bound to happen . 
  it 's islamic extremism that has been allowed to grow and not white supremacisms . 
  just look at the uk 's muslim problem . 
  the government knows fundies run mosques and * madrassas * and they preach hate and recruit youngsters to their causes . 
  there is ample evidence of this . 
  lots of undercover journalism has been made public and even officials recognize it . 
  it is like that in many western countries . 
  i do n't agree with your arguments . 
  in fact , i see the opposite . 
  there is growing anti-western sentiment in these communities and these communities are more likely to act on it than the native european . 
  just the fact they are underprivileged , ghettoised and religiously mandated , makes them more likely . 
  if you look around prisons and try to see the palpable reality , foreigners do commit most crimes , even though we ca n't get an official statistic on this . 
  look at the sweden rape rates . 
  the dominant ethnicities of those locked up in france or germany . 
  it 's much like blacks in the us . 
  now , before going blindly accusing others of being racists , and because we 've seen that we ca n't easily fix this situation , we should at the very least limit the influx of immigrants and tighten requirements for citizenship . 
  we should deport those that refuse to integrate . 
  otherwise we risk creating a living hell for these people and ourselves . 
  because by denying this problem , they will eventually become a majority and likely cause a civil war . 
  what racism ? 
  are you being serious ? 
  i hear india and pakistan are quite nice . 
  itt : people insulting and making gross generalizations ... but not about race or racism !, 
  instead they target people genuinely concerned for their social liberties and disgusted by certain barbaric cultural aspects associated with a particular religion . 
  a religion that is incompatible with modern western society . 
  a religion that is beyond reasoning and criticism and that aims to subjugate the world . 
  my comment is not related to ops submission but rather the thread itself . 
  i have no doubts about islam being a time machine !, 
  and when it becomes dominant in europe , we 'll be travelling back a thousand years . 
  islam is not just a religion , it is a way of life , a political system , a justice system , an economic system , it decides what culture is and if it is deemed as fit . 
  and all of this is based on a book written over 1300 hundred years ago , kept updated by holy men , thugs and war lords !, 
  not reason , not science , no humanitarians !, 
  forget all about the enlightenment . 
  we 'd be fucked !, 
  then just replace the word race with culture . 
  their culture views dogs as impure beings . 
  they might outrank women though and most certainly kafirs , infidels ( whoever crosses muslim plans aka the western libertarians and liberals ) , homosexuals , etc. 
  it may be true , but i find the the distinction between a muslim hardliner and a psycho becoming increasingly difficult to distinguish . 
  i 'm a sun dwelling towel seller and love the uk . 
  i 'm also a fan of their euro skepticism which i find most reasonable given that everything about the eu is turning to shit . 
  i identify with their `` excuse me for not being convinced or over-enthusiastical '' attitude . 
  also , typical british . 
  yes but when `` white evil people '' do these things , they do n't get any tacit sympathy from their community nor do they get a dampening of charges , attenuating them out of fear from violent protests by said community . 
  some even provide extensive legal support . 
  also , i do n't know of a league of `` white evil people '' trying to justify barbarism while asking for exceptional treatment . 
  racism wo n't go away while positive discrimination runs rampant . 
  i hope she gets the same justice as any other citizen , immigrant or not . 
  i bet you are ... checking portugal , that is . 
  the way serbs are seen/treated ant their ever lower demographics , it might happen sooner than you think . 
  no , never even heard of the guy, 
  the political ecosystem is incompatible with nobility and selflessness . 
  it 's like trying to find fish living and breathing over the dunes of a desert . 
  no single politician can rise through the social pyramid and the party 's ranks without fatally compromising his ideals . 
  as such , partisanism as requirement for eligibility should have ended many decades ago . 
  i 've always heard rumors about a separatist faction inside galiza trying to unite with portugal . 
  can someone confirm this ? 
  in my mind such union makes much more sense than a single iberian state , because we are culturally similar . 
  and a nation stretched across the whole west of the peninsula would weigh better visually and geopolitically . 
  there is also [ a movement ] ( http://www.olivenca.org/ ) to unite oliven\u00e7a with portugal . 
  this one is a political and legal mess . 
  so , i was in the * caf\u00e9 * the other day and a bunch of us talked about seceding our street from portugal . 
  you know , to escape taxes and for kicks . 
  i even drew a flag in a napkin ... 
  surely , we should be included in this map , right ? 
  this is painfully hilarious !, 
  and true ... 
  finally , something to steal the spotlight from the whole israeli-palestinian conflict . 
  yes and afterwards we 'd name it portugal . 
  just to piss off 46 million people . 
  now seriously . 
  this union can never happen . 
  for the sake of all my spanish friends . 
  you think you have integrity problems now ... 
  i wonder if they could ever be used against old europe ... 
  it 's not unreasonable to suspect that hardware/software can be `` hacked '' and taken . 
  and the payloads , however defensive , are there . 
  somehow that region inspires little confidence in security . 
  itt - pissed-off portuguese being slowly cooked in taxes without knowing it . 
  now for a comment on this , i 'm appalled that the main arguing in the media is over the highest earning pensioners contributions to the revenue effort . 
  i mean , these are people that earn way well over 1500 euros and are hardly middle or lower class . 
  these people are our baby boomers , the people who grew in the corruption swamp created in the shade of eu funds and hardly broke a sweat to find jobs or educate their kids .
