  we followed the german recipe to the letter , without an opt out , actually . 
  you follow the money . 
  who finances who and what ties or allegiances capital wise do they have ? 
  sounds conspiratardish but if there 's anything these past years have shown is that the conspiratards were right . 
  parties are financed by banks and corporate donations . 
  the parties directorates is comprised of ceo 's cfo 's and other positions in private sector . 
  there are no professional politicians , parallel careers is the norm . 
  this is the root of corruption . 
  no the average joe that evades taxes or does n't ask for vat invoices . 
  this is where germany is powerful . 
  their banking , industrial and financial lobby is immense . 
  it 's impossible to take on such giants . 
  proof of just that was the levels of abstention and the wave of euro-pessimism . 
  everybody knows this will all end in tears . 
  all for what ? 
  german economic hegemony . 
  manipulating entire countries into becoming empty shells , devoid of youth , competitiveness or resources . 
  the eu is a sick joke . 
  but the cherry on top is that the german people actually trusts ( and votes ) their government and considers the rest of europe , particularly the south and the east , as an unruly and untrustworthy bunch . 
  bad omen , if there ever was one . 
  it 's sad that it takes a vote for the extreme right - true masters of the hyperbole - to actually make some difference and cry out against the current heading of europe . 
  an inconvenient truth that hardly gets any traction in the media . 
  germany calls the shots and steers this eu for their sole benefit . 
  even hinting it in the media would likely cause a shitstorm . 
  hopefully , the recent injection of `` hornets '' into the eu parliament might stir up some much needed change and reevaluation of what it means to be united for europe instead of apathetically fulfilling the long promised german empire . 
  while polling about of the eu election around here , i heard a couple of simple minded folks , equal citizens nonetheless , speaking before the tv cameras with great clarity . 
  they said `` why bother voting , when all is decided by germany ? '', 
  europe is doomed because of both . 
  as for the racism , if my neighbor is a fascist and i refuse to even talk to him , let alone invite over for bbq . 
  am i being racist ? 
  call it something else . 
  that cow has given it 's last pound of flesh . 
  racism devalued to nothingness only benefits the actual racism going on , which is intolerable . 
  i 'm willing to bet he despises being called french as well . 
  his allegiance is to islam . 
  well , remove the filthy and brown , and a lot of people in france and denmark would agree . 
  muslims are the same as greenpeace members in regards as racism and discrimination . 
  islam is an ideology !, 
  and a violent and fascist one . 
  it 's ridiculous the amount of crap people rationalize about . 
  the problem is that a large majority of muslims hates jews , but choose not to act over it . 
  the silent jihad is just as bad . 
  i usually say there are no saints when religion is invoked . 
  these are the kind of stats that really should make people worry . 
  as a teen , while away on a sports competition , i had a bit of grief with the local cops just by talking in my native portuguese to my friend , in front of them . 
  they thought i was on drugs or fucking with them . 
  i was n't . 
  apparently it 's a language of ridicule to hear . 
  sounded like a russian guy tripping on heroin ( their description ) . 
  anyways , it ended up with the two of us being thrown against a police car and assaulted for it only some 5 seconds in . 
  i still have n't fully recovered from my knee which was side kicked . 
  this all happened outside a hotel in lucerne , switzerland ... a racist cesspool i wo n't be returning to anytime soon . 
  edit : wording, 
  it does n't cause it directly . 
  it just means everything else is accelerating faster than cash is created and it 's not quite the same as inflation . 
  it 's like the entire system is being deemed subprime and untrustworthy . 
  credit has become more expensive and less expansive to everyone within this economy . 
  once that attitude also hits the us bonds market , it could be a free fall from there . 
  it 's not just the weather doing this . 
  the americans are playing with fire with the successive qe 's . 
  they 've been working so far , if one is to believe their numbers and their unemployment rate , but sure seems like we 're all on thin ice . 
  there are bubbles and subprimes popping up everywhere . 
  business loans is 125 % . 
  huge trillion dollar student debt bubble . 
  something will eventually give . 
  and given the dollar status , you can bet the whole world will pay the bill . 
  from here to china . 
  triggering god knows what to pop as well . 
  you bet i blame them . 
  the same way i blame our generation of politicians . 
  you just prove most of my points . 
  run away from us southerners and keep your wonderful culture and work ethic . 
  may it take you where you all deserve . 
  you 're not financing anything . 
  you 're creating that financial need in the first place . 
  that typical pseudo magnanimous absurd attitude is being outed for what it is . 
  a bunch of lies and planned deception . 
  guess what , you 're not fooling people anymore . 
  your bran drain after the war had damn good reason . 
  you completely thrashed europe !, 
  and got destroyed in the process as well . 
  in fact , that 's greatly responsible for giving the us a huge upper hand in terms of technological development . 
  as for the hostile takeover and credit to your politicians , they 're just doing what banking corporate and industrial germany tells them to do . 
  you 're being naive if you think the people has any say in the matter . 
  even if they did , the end result would be the same or worse , because , like i said , it 's a cultural thing . 
  it 's all a question of power and that usually trumps everything else , including reason and fairness . 
  yeah . 
  forego centuries of culture and an entire country . 
  sadly , it 's what 's happening with the recent portuguese immigration wave of qualified people into germany . 
  these will not return and will assimilate ( we 're not like the radical islamists ) . 
  we 'll integrate and assimilate your culture and language . 
  blend with the population and our descendants will considered themselves german . 
  to me this is designed . 
  it 's like a hostile takeover . 
  human resources are still resources . 
  these people are the ones that could help propel our country out of this foreign-manufactured crisis . 
  these people had a costly education to the country and now they pack up and hand over the investment to germany . 
  however i look at it , it always looks wrong . 
  germany has too much gravity and is acquiescing matter in the form of wealth and resources . 
  everything in its orbit either gets sucked in or grinded down by their pull .
