  ftfy, 
  it 's not a cult . 
  would groups of anonymous alcoholics be a cult ? 
  besides , if you do n't like , do n't go . 
  i merely pointed the proper subreddit that usually has info on their subs sidebar . 
  i 'm not for a ban as well but some regulation or at least information without stigmas . 
  nothing in my post says anything about a ban ... 
  i just gave a heads up to the folks here and got downvoted . 
  / r/europe being itself . 
  i hear mars is hiring . 
  seriously !, 
  the request has been made !, 
  and i would n't be surprised if a southern european volunteered and got selected to go there . 
  it would mark and perfectly describe our generation . 
  you 're rationalizing . 
  it does n't hold as an argument . 
  [ sorry buddy ] ( http://www.mensfitness.com/training/give-thing-rest ) . 
  previous studies did point to that , but were later found to be wrong . 
  so , by rising the retirement age and taking the possibility of employing younger people we 're not harming youth employment ? 
  that 's an austerity measure . 
  wan na know more austerity measures ? 
  what of rising tuition costs ? 
  lower pay rates . 
  mass layoffs ( which affect the youngest state employees who stand to receive a smaller severance pay ) . 
  what of lower or no social benefits ? 
  what of higher irs taxes , cuts in state child support or any kind of aid to struggling young families ? 
  what of rising social security contributions ? 
  did you know that if you get paid 240 euros a month ( precarious `` green '' slips ) you have to pay 124,90 euros compulsively to social security ? 
  that leaves a young adult with 120 euros to live with . 
  this austerity is being pushed onto the younger generations and the middle class instead of those considerably wealthier and more responsible in the current economic woes ... you do n't see that . 
  maybe because you see yourself as a temporarily embarrassed millionaire . 
  let the shanty tunneling begin . 
  the eu is the sick man of europe . 
  a bunch of amateur , incompetent and corrupt bureaucrats , bedding lobbyists and the many financial `` wizards '' that helped put up this circus tent that we call euro . 
  when the conflict ends and this muslim brotherhood cancer that 's metastasizing all over the middle east is dug in , they will bring the fighting to old europe . 
  an what can or will we do against them ? 
  nothing . 
  some will likely go as far as suggest we all convert to islam and adopt shariah to save for the trouble ahead . 
  it 's the european way ( remember constantine the great ) . 
  seriously . 
  it 's an impossible fight . 
  specially in polarizing times due to the long economic crisis ahead . 
  i remember a story quite a few years where this scumbag hunter was proud of having shot a couple of iberian lynxes . 
  he even smiled to the camera as he was so proud of it . 
  pmo ( porn -  masturbation -  orgasm ) distorts how one views sex and relations ; creates dependency ; harms self-image ; stunts emotional growth , sexual stamina and social initiatives by promoting anxiety and loss of focus . 
  this happens by messing with the reward system in the brain ( dopamine and endorfines releases ) people can easily get sucked into this and with time it rewires our hunter-gatherer brain to behaviors that are not good . 
  recent studies even point to cancer but these are highly controversial and being hotly debated . 
  you can downvote all you want , this is most certainly true . 
  the thing is , there is the problem of finding a control group ( nofappers ) to study these issues . 
  what has been studied and confirmed points to all what was written above . 
  most people like porn . 
  feelsgoodman.jpg . 
  watching unbelievably hot women doing unconceivably daring and often demeaning things . 
  think about the whole photoshop is ruining peoples lifes by imposing impossible standards . 
  it 's very much the same . 
  let the thought of all this sink in and try to remain objective about it . 
  [ watch the great porn experiment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsf82awsdiu ) . 
  even if you do n't agree , it is overall funny and well explained . 
  join / r/nofap if you need extra info or help . 
  add to the weapons the high maintenance costs and that 's why nobody wants it . 
  it 's all deficit deficit deficit . 
  monsanto is a real life umbrella corporation . 
  that 's economics nobel material . 
  what about the blatant tax evasion by those same corporations ? 
  they do n't mind the fines , given the bigger pornographic profits they get to keep through complex accounting schemes and offshore banking . 
  not to mention the for profit logic behind outsourcing where is cheapest . 
  the whole fine and even dragging this cases in court is nothing but a smoke screen tactics . 
  the real problem is that corporations are getting huge and dictating legislation !, 
  while the very fabric of productivity , creativity and employment , which are the local companies and small businesses , are getting foreclosed on . 
  is there a choice here ? 
  if the euro or the eu were put to votes , it 'd end . 
  even the german people would opt out . 
  face it . 
  this eu is not about the good of its people as much as it is about corporate power . 
  money is being drained from the periphery into the heart of europe . 
  but who 's reveling in this ? 
  who is the heart of europe ? 
  i bet that if one were to find out this `` heart of europe '' is dictating , stalling and blocking policies , then surely there is foul play , right ? 
  ill branches kill trees , so these branches must be severed , right ? 
  is anyone optimist or unsure of what will happen next ? 
  i 'm not . 
  on a different note , hitler was born on the 20th . 
  yeah , straight into the wolf 's mouth . 
  germans think themselves superior . 
  favoring german companies and banks even when far away overseas . 
  they do n't give a rats ass about other people and the eu was clearly a stepping stone germany used to recover from ww2 and reunite itself . 
  they used the eu and are now economically raping the eu !, 
  i 'm looking forward to the emigration timebomb in germany . 
  germany will dive economically , i have no doubts , and when it does we 'll see that some things never change . 
  they 'll blame everyone but themseles . 
  the sheer arrogance in dictating policies all over europe and demeaning entire countries in open media ... enough of this bullshit . 
  i want out . 
  we do n't . 
  he removes us . 
  that 's a lie . 
  i 've submitted posts in the past regarding the percentage of muslims in french prisons and it was modded out . 
  the same post in / r/politics and other subreddits has a very different handling , whether muslims or black people , the discussion and interpretation of it does n't jump straight to racism . 
  it goes deeper there . 
  in here , it 's considered racism . 
  in fact any form of muslim criticism is racism , period .
