  i know mine is an unpopular view and this sub is all about deutsch masturbation ( i.e this headline among many others ) , but mighty germany will be at the center of things , with their scheming and political manipulation of the weaker countries backfiring spectacularly . 
  their crony politicians wooden face should n't convince anyone anymore . 
  a european federation would nothing more than a renamed german empire , only legitimizing germanic core decision making at the expense of the periphery . 
  the eu already excels at cannibalizing itself , so there is a good chance it will keep on doing so , only better and with better political instruments . 
  while many would orgasm at the thought of becoming part of the german empire , there are others who would go to extreme lengths to spoil the party . 
  a sort of balkanization of southern europe . 
  i do n't see a future for europe while it holds it 's two or three tiered end design . 
  there is n't and there wo n't be equality among the many peoples of europe and because of just that , it will be a matter of time until boots come marching in . 
  commence the hateful and ridiculing remarks . 
  it is also a clear example of why it would n't work . 
  now let 's see if that surveillance state put to use here , instead of appeasing thugs out of fear of islamophobia . 
  europe should not just condemn this . 
  it should enact laws effectively revoking citizenship from these savages and cancel any still pending . 
  and those citizens by birthright , should get thrown in jail or given the choice to leave europe never to return . 
  i 'm sick of this racist , violent , parasitic scum , mob of thugs trying to impose their abhorrent stone-age moral matrix . 
  on this sub at least ... 
  that would mean that there is a spine somewhere inside the eu . 
  not happening ... germany would not authorize it . 
  you mean polonium , right ? 
  more discreet form of revenge , instead of nuking new york city . 
  where is the proof this is just not russians posing as ukrainian army moving away their buk system ? 
  it 's business as usual . 
  russia will keep getting its gas and military deals and it 's infuriating . 
  i wonder if france is considering suspending deals . 
  i do n't think so . 
  nor will austria walk away from it 's pipeline deal . 
  face it europe !, 
  there are no worthy and morally upright leaders willing to stand up against a bully . 
  we hardly agree on anything and economic indicators dictate foreign policy . 
  in my country we call this `` paz podre '' or putrid peace . 
  and it 's never a good idea to prolong it . 
  but , but ... oligarch money !, 
  eu corrupted officials !!, 
  former chancellors on gazprom and other russian corporate boards and such ... 
  this is a great example of stupid violent people given advanced weaponry . 
  this may be the beginning of a trend . 
  a few thousand miles eastward , isis controls similar equipment , capable of inflicting serious damage to civilians . 
  and airliners fly exclusively at 10km ? 
  if you research the specs of those , you 'll find they 're more than enough to take down most airliners . 
  remember guys , isis has similar weapons . 
  would n't that solve the whole lack of belgium identity problem ? 
  becoming a fundamentalist islamic state with sharia for all would fill that void . 
  at this point , it 's inevitable . 
  islam will eventually dominate europe . 
  trial ? 
  it would never ever get to trial . 
  he 'd get extradited and regardless of any legitimate legal claims pertaining the rape charges , it is obvious that there is a gross disproportion of legal power involved . 
  any other rape case , even brutal ones with far more malicious intent would never elicit such a wide and expensive government response . 
  if you say otherwise , you 're either trolling this board or fooling yourself . 
  the thing is , you have to acknowledge that this guy , along with others , like chelsea manning and snowden , are political targets of the highest order . 
  they pissed off a rocked the boat so hard , the response has been tactically pretty frightening . 
  he might have even been a murderer or a rapist , what he revealed still stands for itself and it clearly paints a dark picture about our current society . 
  they 're not grand conclusions . 
  the implications are quite obvious by now and widely corroborated by a myriad of similar attitudes being revealed/leaked on weekly basis . 
  the part with very little information is the accusation part . 
  it 's sad you view the bias on my end instead of the government . 
  the effort to catch him , discredit him or just shut him up at any costs and go after any spec of dirt in his background is bias . 
  fight charges with extradition accords in place ? 
  he would be in guantanamo ( the legal grey area ) in a couple of days . 
  exactly . 
  the judicial system is a tool . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  there was never any rape . 
  it was such an obvious set up . 
  stop rationalizing your own preconceived bias against him and what he stands for - which is the notion we live in a shitty world . 
  is it too hard to admit governments are behaving more and more abusively towards their own people ? 
  going to great lengths to manipulate information , trumping up charges and cloaking themselves in office ? 
  where is transparency ? 
  i personally do n't care how he is in person . 
  what i took from this story was governments lying , colluding and behaving like criminals . 
  and no one standing up to them . 
  the legal system being used as a tool to protect undemocratic and downright criminal behaviors . 
  the whole arrest warrant and persecution is a terrible sign because of the media and how the people reacted in general . 
  not only was there no case or crime , it was obvious he was being set up !, 
  it still inflicted immense damage onto him . 
  he is viewed as a rapist when clearly there was consent . 
  the governments collusion and ad hominem worked . 
  he is a polarizing figure . 
  people hate him on whims and false assumptions , not because of what he helped reveal but because how popular he became . 
  this whole case made me realize the people suck and people love to be played for fools , robbed , spied on and manipulated . 
  we 're hundreds of years from becoming a civilization worthy of this title - civilized . 
  transparency should be in order if we are to survive as a society and he and chelsea manning ( and others before him ) sought just that at great personal cost . 
  i guess people do like living in the dark . 
  spanish ceuta is more trouble than it 's worth . 
  [ sarah palin also predicted russia would invade ukraine ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/sarah-palin-predicted-in-2008-that-putin-would-invade-ukraine-if-obama-was-elected-9167833.html ) . 
  however , i would 've predicted far more dangerous things had mccain/palin been elected . 
  this map is unbelievable . 
  seriously , it 's literally unbelievable . 
  how anyone expects these predictions to pan out among the endless variables , fiscal disharmony , economic idiosyncrasies , corporate sector and banking deregulation . 
  we ca n't even accurately predict growth , inflation or unemployment , let alone the benefits of free trade between eu and the us . 
  in portugal we have `` pagamento especial por conta '' , which ranges from 1000 to 70000 per fiscal year or `` exercise '' and is charged in the third exercise ( not exactly accurate to call it years ) . 
  it 's a rip off . 
  do n't be naive . 
  i was once a part of civil protection services and a para military task force in charge of surveillance . 
  you just ca n't start a fire that easily . 
  even by throwing cigarettes onto dry grass on hot and windy days . 
  you should try it like we did . 
  the only thing that are semi dangerous are bottles , as they magnify the sun and can start fires . 
  but these are low probability events . 
  but you 're dead correct about abandoned land filled with combustible material , filled with non native eucalyptus and pine trees , which usually explode when on fire .
