   despite almost 2/3 of the citizens being against the dissolution . 
  i never imagined it . 
  i assumed there were cultural differences justifying it . 
  til . 
  the other paragraph . 
  no long overdue russian invasion ? 
  and btw , which are things that your country has that is worth fighting for . 
  i mean resources , rivers , pastries , whatever ? 
  that first paragraph is some heavy imperialistic/monarchical views . 
  what are your thoughts about break away regions that did not identify nor wanted to remain under the austrian empire ? 
  what of today 's austria ? 
  also , for the ending , i would expect a rerun of some central european alliance , surrounded by countries with opposing interests wanting to take whatever austria has . 
  which is ? 
  what do you have worth conquering ? 
  p.s major thanks for helping to keep the ottomans out of western europe . 
  seems to me he was played . 
  and the pressure at the time rested on him . 
  i remain unconvinced . 
  i may side with the west on the crimean issue , but do n't tell lies or ridicule a great visionary leader that does n't deserve it and likely saved millions of lives . 
  it looks bad on the west and only fuels russian anger . 
  i 've done some digging into it and what i found is that it 's down to gorbachev 's word against those involved in the soviet block dismantling/german reunification negotiations . 
  i have no doubts these were said to gorbachev and everything i read about the man make him a more of credible source than helmut kohl or any american diplomat/president . 
  we all know the profiles and career paths of them all and gorbachev is the cleanest of them all , despite me obviously disliking soviet/russian political stances . 
  gorbachev has also yet to change his stance on this . 
  so , those myths of course base themselves on staunch denial and the absence of written agreement , which are both true . 
  the world of politics and diplomacy is a festering swamp riddled with slimy creatures . 
  i have little doubts gorbachev was played . 
  which is why he 's hated by russians and ridiculed by the west . 
  as any good men would usually be . 
  great , albeit depressing to know map . 
  all that 's missing is the game of thrones intro . 
  brace yourselves ... unemployment is coming . 
  it was a verbal contract between gorbachev and the american administration at the time . 
  after it was voided and protested by the russians , they said there was no written form of it and even called gorbachev naive for believing them . 
  i believe it was in exchange for german reunification . 
  germany should have been the line where nato would cease to expand . 
  the russians despise the americans and with this is one of the good reasons . 
  source : a noam chomsky lecture , so take it with a grain of salt or go find other sources , like gorbachev himself . 
  but i tend to believe chomsky . 
  / not making judgments here or even taking sides . 
  well , what ` ya know , a fundie !, 
  no wonder he identifies and is permissive with the religious extremists in the population . 
  those are n't troops . 
  they 're ordinary russian citizens going about their daily business . 
  it 's quite common for folks to use migs and tanks to go to work . 
  yes . 
  eastern and roma mafias basically moved in a decade ago . 
  they run prostitution and drug rings , gambling , loan rackets and the odd child kidnapping . 
  they have speedboats to smuggle drugs into europe from north africa . 
  it 's also one of europe 's main drugs entry points . 
  they battle it out from time to time , raising homicide rates . 
  if you 're a foreigner and live in a villa in the algarve , you better carry a gun all the time . 
  they 're also very likely to know or be involved in the madeleine mcann case , but the amount of noise from the media and the public 's lust for sordid stuff makes it impossible to find anything . 
  yeah , sure the mom did it . 
  that 's really likely . 
  / s source : been there countless times . 
  eastern mafias in the south . 
  it 's becoming epidemic and very violent to even go there . 
  that map is being racist . 
  can we pull a spain on this one ? 
  in portugal , kids are usually left in really shitty and expensive daycare centers at 4 months old . 
  i 'm curious to know how these will turn out in a couple of generations - the forcefully rejected generation . 
  do n't bother . 
  the germans will quickly bury this under downvotes . 
  germany does n't give a damn about ukraine . 
  and the ukrainians should keep that in mind . 
  her party and government has been getting russian money and corporate positions for some time . 
  these former political leaders are sympathetic towards russian demands and do n't care for law or a people they consider problematic and inferior . 
  war ? 
  maybe . 
  but not one involving multiple nations . 
  it will essentially be russia taking ukraine apart and making their people miserable and alienated . 
  like a hammer coming down on a couple of ants . 
  acting with impunity and calculism . 
  remaining sanctionless ( serious ones ) . 
  making absurd price hikes in energy as economic and political retaliation towards an already bankrupt neighboring country , despite massive land grab from it . 
  behaving belligerently at it 's borders and being worried by smaller attitudes across their borders . 
  financing destabilization and `` referendums '' . 
  eyeing and commenting on other areas of russian influence hinting at similar outcomes as the crimean . 
  overall bullying everyone because they have nukes to render the earth clean of life and their strong military . 
  complete disregard of anything other than their own self-interests and being ethnocentric chauvinists . 
  their veto power in the un defeats any action or dialogue . 
  the g8 is no more . 
  even if it had been a thousand killed , things would remain the same . 
  russia has europe by the balls . 
  this is insane . 
  a most serious breach of privacy and the right to anonymicy . 
  edit : i was addressing the disqus breach of security . 
  first of all , the entire country is cutting back on bus , metro and railways . 
  austerity has crippled garbage pickup and we have seen piling ups regularly on the media and personal experience . 
  ruins and abandonment are common in every major city , not to mention we have smaller towns completely forgotten by town hall services and people . 
  where do you live ? 
  how have you not seen this ? 
  not sure if sarcasm ... 
  fatwa sanctioned by muhammad himself . 
  they think that 's bad ? 
  we 've got plenty of places like tver in portugal . 
  as some who lives in western californialand , i can assure you we have quite a few russians , but nowhere near 95 % . 
  these guys are hilarious . 
  hilariously chauvinistic .
