  erdogan should be the one on being featured at the mercy of these monsters weekly on liveleak . 
  that ignorant neanderthal fucktard of a man . 
  dailymail headlines are an art form . 
  designed for fits of rage and blood boiling . 
  if you have n't had coffee in the morning , read the daily mail headlines . 
  that stuff will get you pumped !, 
  i bet quite a few people had a stroke or something reading this headline . 
  it 'll definitely raise anyone 's blood pressure . 
  and a lot of urgent meetings will be held producing stern letters of condemnation . 
  all the while planes are blown out of the sky and entire villages are razed through heavy shelling ... nato is like a classic laissez-faire parent . 
  it 's like a virus or a disease . 
  the fact we 're even discussing such a term tells a lot about how islam 's effect on the world and how it is slowly growing out of control . 
  i 'd say all of them . 
  we had a peculiar form of colonialism , with much less repression and racism . 
  but our golden contribution to the world and the colony that received more portuguese migrants was brazil . 
  let 's just hope they raise themselves from crippling poverty over the coming years . 
  other than that , we most probably reached australia ( grande java ) and antarctica before the dutch or the brits ( cook ) . 
  we could never hold them though , so we kept them a secret ( secret colony ) . 
  did you know there 's a theory supporting the celts were originally from lusitania ? 
  that 's right , portugal !, 
  i 'm sorry but that excuse is plain ridiculous . 
  yeah right . 
  keep using ridiculous hyperbole to whitewash german political attitudes and keep dismissing hard facts as simple coincidences . 
  you 're probably bundled with the many millions believing we 're in this crisis solely due to southerners incompetence and ultimately their cultural inferiority ( hello again , 1930 's xenophobic tendencies 2.0 ! ) . 
  that this was in no way engineered from the start . 
  perhaps it was political amateurship and not in any way predictable . 
  that things are aimless and not subject to influence and that the money is simply being thrown into a fire and not siphoned into private and even nationalistic interests . 
  nothing is free in this world . 
  it 's a war of economic interests . 
  right now , germany is winning . 
  thanks to the fools being played from berlin . 
  when i defend the exit of portugal from the eu , i do it to protect our economic interests as well . 
  when i ask to disband the eu , it is to protect the european collective of countries , particularly the smaller ones and the historical ones , i do it to protect their own interests too . 
  a balance to europe . 
  and all this would happen to the horror of germany ... 
  i say default on odious debt and leave germany influence zone . 
  starve it from ill revenue . 
  they care only for themselves and demonize their neighbors . 
  always have !, 
  they bled europe in every sense and then economically with the marshall plan . 
  they reunified their ravaged country at the european and american taxpayer expense . 
  they had zero or negative interests throughout this , unlike others . 
  their deficits were well above 3 o 4 , something verboten nowadays !!, 
  sure , they worked hard to rebuild , but i doubt any other european nation would fail to do the same under such favorable terms . 
  but their vanity places them in a higher tier of civilization - posters boys for perfection and sophistication . 
  a lie . 
  and such short term memory . 
  such failure to recall those times . 
  but in this case , they only recall the bread lines and their trillion marks cost . 
  these are gross xenophobic based policies which should unacceptable . 
  as any form of apologisms towards this . 
  when the eu no longer suits them or has any resources left to soak in , they 'll leave . 
  make no mistake . 
  and they 'll continue to influence and control europe through economic gravitas . 
  seeding misery and dependency . 
  any one who even hints at this on the eu stage is deemed an enemy of the eu and is most likely shunned or destroyed in the process . 
  the taboo of the day is tackling an obvious dangerous german agenda . 
  i 'm sorry , but i find that response a bit absurd to believe . 
  they are simply protecting their own economic interests . 
  is it really that harsh truth for any politician to admit ? 
  it is so obvious it hurts . 
  i mean , one of these days we 'll be openly using epigenics to excuse xenophobic practices ( again ) . 
  i 'm more creeped out by the outright refusal to grant independence in face of overwhelming numbers , referendums and whatnot . 
  and using the constitution as basis for it ... it 's an absurd medieval chauvinistic thinking . 
  the constitution is probably the most ignored , abused or elastic set of laws of every country . 
  well , it 's 2am and i 'm browsing this on a small phone ... maybe i should go sleep !, 
  forgive me , i only saw the first line . 
  did you edit ? 
  i 'm on mobile ... 
  paris is beautiful but extremely violent and dangerous . 
  it 's main tourist sites are riddled with gangs , traps and all sorts of perils . 
  the uk buys qatari gas in freighter ships . 
  seems feasible to do the same without immediate pipelining . 
  a firmly held national identity , language and culture . 
  no irredentist movements which equate to a rather peaceful society , corroborated by low criminality and a welcoming non-xenophobic environment . 
  one of the few that can say this . 
  and keep in mind this is a catholic country ... 
  in my view this is the opposite results of having an iron grip on the country . 
  and this folks , is how you get gunned down on the street . 
  the lack of threat . 
  why would they nuke us ? 
  we should all get rid of them . 
  asap !, 
  a preemptive strike against nato or it 's neighbors , under some crazy made up motive . 
  this has similarities to the pearl harbor attack in 1941 . 
  the us had imposed heavy sanctions against japan and tried to curb their economic and imperialistic ambitions . 
  the us war machine was aching for an excuse to go to war . 
  and japan did what was expected of them . 
  russia might just do something similar . 
  the head of the russian government might prefer to go out in flames than be ousted by their own population due to economic pressure . 
  but on the other hand russia might not succumb to economic sanctions because china , india , south american and all of asia ( apart from japan ) are all unwilling to sanction them and still want to trade . 
  much like in the past , i think it 's all with the oligarchy and how these will react . 
  cities are all the rage now . 
  with the great majority of humans living in one . 
  i think that will change in the near future . 
  besides , cities in no way undermine regionalization/autonomy . 
  pakistan was carved by foreigners with disregard to ethnicities , religions and even geographical barriers . 
  it 's territorial lines are smudged . 
  proof of that is the intense separatism which has forced the army into murdering thousands and keeping the country in perpetual conflict within and with it 's neighbors . 
  it 's also growing non secular and becoming a nesting place for extremism .
