  the entire legislative process is owned . 
  we now live in a plutocracy . 
  i wish i was making this up . 
  ok , do n't see it as plan but as a collateral damage from a bigger goal , which is to concentrate power and wealth at the top . 
  the rich want to get richer and more powerful and will stop at nothing to get it . 
  a large portion of this rich class , including corporations , many company boards , bankers and so on ... they influence legislation and lobby for many things like : faster globalization and the creation of manufacturing jobs abroad , at much cheaper costs and in places where they no longer have social contracts to honor or even worker rights . 
  they lobby for a more `` fluid '' job market , which in other words means freedom to layoff and give little to no severance . 
  i also means ability to keep workers in precarious jobs indefinitely , where social security costs are transferred to the worker and the state . 
  it means pregnant women being laid off and ever less benefits , like company dividends , various health insurance , vacation time , etc. 
  also means higher work hours , no union bonds and no protection in abuse cases . 
  yeah , thinking that there is a plan by someone is completely dodging the issue . 
  the issue being the social mess created by the politicians in bed with the money men . 
  that is the issue , right ? 
  or perhaps you mean the problem is the people of southern europe living beyond their means . 
  in other words , if you lose your job , you 're screwed . 
  also , even not being a consumist , which i 'm not as well and congratulate you for it , you have no plans to start a family , see the world or indulge youself in further education or just change any aspects of your life . 
  are you named lebowsky ? 
  yeah , but germany seems to be blocking any attempt at preventing that . 
  at least in the eu . 
  the wealth gap widens in germany . 
  precariousness is becoming the norm . 
  the plan to kill off the middle classes of europe is well under way and is stripping the people of wealth and influence . 
  meanwhile , the temporarily embarrassed millionaires , fueled by their hatred of the poor , will come here and defend this as a necessity , perhaps even deny it or just accuse southern europeans as subhuman filth , instead of realizing we 're in the middle of a class war and being played on each other . 
  i 've been to bad neighborhoods in bad cities and never witnessed anything like it . 
  sure , the odd construction worker will flirt and taunt but nothing like the scale of it in brussels . 
  on main streets and avenues . 
  it 's bad enough it happens . 
  it 's even worse to see it apologized for . 
  well , germany has a sinister one . 
  because it consists of using other countries , destroying them , when they should supposedly be united with and act in pursuit of mutual interests . 
  he said germany * kindly * gives money . 
  i say germany is being calculistic and has an agenda . 
  two different things . 
  he says maybe germany should tell europe to go fuck herself . 
  i imply germany ca n't because of said agenda and because it 'd ruin germany 's designs . 
  look at it this way . 
  german banks who invested in greek debt , did so to collect on the near 20 % interest rates it was going right around the bailout . 
  that later loan of dwindling interest rates was used to stay afloat but also honor those loans towards other european banks , particularly german , that were more exposed . 
  makes sense that those interest rates go down to 0.5 % . 
  that 's the `` beauty '' of the system . 
  bankers pressure governments to relax on the bailout terms and interest rates , so as they can still honor the previous loans . 
  even despite the haircut , the wins of these banks are tremendous . 
  but it is still not enough . 
  it 's not enough because they 're stupid to buy wall street `` junk investments '' in the first place . 
  it 's not enough because the debt system is exhausted . 
  keep in mind that currently , it is the ecb and other eu related mechanisms that hold the larger piece of debt that once belonged to the banks and to the markets . 
  when a few years ago , it was the other way around !, 
  no such thing as a free lunch . 
  no such thing as a `` union '' in europe . 
  all greedy agendas and shady schemes built on taxpayers money . 
  i happen to think the opposite of that . 
  germany benefited and still benefits immensely from the eu . 
  just because they 're rich does n't make them right . 
  portuguese biker from porto , portugal . 
  cars pretty much respect you , unless it 's on the city center , in the busiest avenues where there is some serious traffic and speeding and you 'll get honked and cursed . 
  the coastal areas are quite nice and improving . 
  the city , however is like granite rollercoaster , with huge steep streets . 
  makes for good muscle build but also a deterrent for any starter biker . 
  i heard the northern europeans had some sort of lifts to help in these mountainous cityscapes ? 
  anyway , the city is very unfriendly to bikes . 
  no lanes , except the coastal areas . 
  tight streets and heavy traffic . 
  do not recommend . 
  the people are friendly though . 
  i take less than 20 minutes anywhere within the city and even the suburbs , while i would take an hour or certainly more by car , with dozens of stop lights . 
  i do n't leave the bike outside as it would get stolen . 
  i take it everywhere with me and plan with that in mind . 
  i do n't take my bike if i 'll be entering office buildings for eight hours . 
  i 'd never find the bike after 30 minutes , let alone 8 hours . 
  seriously . 
  i ride bikes since forever and do all maintenance myself . 
  there are many spots to fix bikes though . 
  sport zone for example . 
  expensive , i heard . 
  the city is not friendly to bikes . 
  you would n't be taken seriously . 
  besides , bike parks , lockers and showers are rare in the business centres ( old city/old buildings/the idea never caught on ) . 
  unless you 're a student but still , not all campuses have bike parks . 
  mine did n't . 
  no one takes responsability for guarding your bike . 
  never saw a bike rental in the centre of porto . 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
  there are a few electric bikes coming out of the engineering campuses . 
  these could be a game changer . 
  the gas costs are very high and bikes are fun , clean and escape traffic . 
  i treat my bike as a physical extension of me . 
  biking in the city center is still seen as a ufo . 
  something to be dismissed and laughed at . 
  it 's changing though . 
  10 years ago , there were a lot less bikes on the streets . 
  we have a saying in portugal , we call it the `` march of the misaligned '' or `` marcha dos desalinhados '' . 
  there are even songs about it . 
  it means that although the voices all say different things and express different desires , they still march towards the same fate . 
  perhaps it was sense of duty or just typical portuguese pessimist sentiment , but it fits perfectly here . 
  politicians , they talk and talk , different things , contradictory things , but come days end and we all see whose words are taken as commands . 
  germany is europe , at least in political steering . 
  germany pretty much dictates eu foreign and domestic policies . 
  are you prepared for brutal increase in violence crime and street confrontations ? 
  a mexican flag representing the spanish language is a bit odd , is n't it ? 
  why not put a us or australian flag for english ?
