  but then again , that war would end quickly . 
  unless china or japan uses this poor timing to step up their game on whole senkaku dyahou islands . 
  this latter scenario would be very good for the eu . 
  i favor my country leaving the euro and the eu . 
  it is a failed project and we 're being slowly cooked in taxes . 
  we ca n't decide anything for ourselves . 
  we ca n't devalue currency , we ca n't sustain ourselves due the interest rates and deadlines , both imf and market imposed . 
  we ca n't even change production quotas or certain fiscal rates . 
  we 're fucked if we do n't do as we are told . 
  it only gets worse from here . 
  many are reluctant to leave the eu because that would devastate purchasing power , but on the other the recovery would rest solely on our heads , not german or any other northern european tax payers , which do n't care or relate with us . 
  germany is holding everyone hostage at this point only because it suits their economical interests . 
  for the eu to work , all eu territories should be split in small fiscally autonomous regions . 
  either that or the fabled complete fiscal union . 
  we ca n't allow a single nation dictate policy , no matter how big and powerful . 
  that or , you know , leave the eu . 
  portugal was subsidized to abandon agriculture and fishing . 
  so germany and other northern eu countries could export heavy machinery and ships to developing countries . 
  also , so that european companies could outsource production abroad with cheaper land and cheaper labor costs . 
  now that energy costs are driving food prices , we are a nation dependent of foreign food importation , which aggravates the deficit in an already dire economic scenario . 
  the argument is that we were dumb saps who failed to develop with the funds given . 
  and i agree with that . 
  we were indeed poor saps . 
  prior to the eu , we were a food independent country . 
  we did n't depend on european markets . 
  our fishing fleets were active and productive . 
  maybe too much productive . 
  so , excuse me if i am skeptic about common eu agricultural policies . 
  excuse if i suspect eu 's good intentions or even sense of union . 
  the eu is nothing more than a union of corporate interests . 
  it would be nicer like you say but the flags colour choices are unfortunate . 
  the pre-republican flag was blue and white and it made a much nicer combo . 
  but then again , these choices were made based on symbolism and not just design . 
  btw : the union jack is an great looking flag . 
  gatekeepers are here to stay . 
  not every corner of the net is or should be a free-for-all-fiesta like 4chan . 
  gatekeepers are a thing of the past . 
  the free flow of information and multiple access points are considered one of the biggest threats by nearly all of the worlds governments . 
  maybe you 've been living under a rock for the last decade , but hey , you 'll fit right as a mod !, 
  clearly you are one step ahead of the heard . 
   those are not synonymous . 
  concerns framed as concerns will not be deleted . 
  random `` all x are scum/animals/etc '' otoh bring nothing to the discussion . 
  those are not in anyway related to my concerns about censorship . 
  straw man much ? 
   this is not society at large . 
  this is a subreddit . 
  yes , they might `` grow and grow '' , but they 'll do so somewhere else . 
  it 's a community . 
  people come here to engage each other , debate and learn , sometimes vent , sometimes laugh , sometimes looking for oc and kill time . 
  not all want to come to spread hate , lie and troll . 
  one of the great aspects behind reddit is that it is very human . 
  people share stories , real or not , often intimate parts of their life 's and their communities . 
  that is actually great and unlike other social media sites . 
  you propose to control the discussion of certain issues that you might feel sensitive to . 
  that wo n't change or clear anyone 's mind and certainly wo n't be cathartic in regards to those same sensitive subjects . 
  talking about these issues openly and without fear is , as i said before , psychology 101 and thus highly recommended . 
   this is not society at large . 
  this is a subreddit . 
  yes , they might `` grow and grow '' , but they 'll do so somewhere else . 
  elitist much ? 
  this is what it is and to think you can control what this `` is '' or `` should be '' is whats wrong . 
  / r/europe should have a life of its own . 
  want to influence that ? 
  simple !, 
  contribute through discussion not censorship . 
   why ? 
  i 'd rather keep the non-racist ones , then by inaction , keep the xenophobes . 
  there is a very subjective line in regards to xenophobia . 
  i have seen xenophobia in disguise by many here . 
  many considering themselves superior to southern europeans , invoking economic and cultural reasons . 
  making gross generalizations . 
  but that 's not frowned upon . 
  it 's even upvoted . 
  it 's rather sad really . 
  and not that far from the anti islamic and anti zyganistic feelings of this board , which in my opinion should also be addressed . 
   and we 're mirroring european society as well . 
  europe is not 1st-amendment-protected-america . 
  there are limits on hate-speech in europe . 
  you should read your country 's constitution . 
  free speech laws are not an american exclusive . 
  again , the fine line you keep blurring between hate speech and uncomfortable speech . 
  my flag is a designers nightmare, 
  you ca n't compare r/askscience to r/europe . 
  the specificity of that reddit . 
  is not as / r/europe . 
  europe and the eu are about diversity - `` in varietate concordia '' ... remember ? 
  also , puns and witty remarks are deleted in / r/askscience , perhaps you wish to do the same here ? 
  same with anecdotal remarks . 
  i also think / r/askscience is probably the best modded subreddit , but it 's dishonest to even compare . 
  this `` problem '' you mention is basically reddit 's `` problem '' . 
  it 's about numbers and popularity . 
  the eternal september is upon us . 
  deal with it . 
  do n't be lazy and just dictate through censorship . 
  gatekeepers are a thing of the past . 
  the genuine concerns or as you say `` retarded shit '' wo n't go away because you censor them . 
  they 'll grow and grow and eventually voice themselves by whatever means . 
  best thing we can do about it is talk it through and not bury it under votes or censorship . 
  that 's psychology 101 .
