  there is no middle ground . 
  this economic tuberculosis is dragging on for the sole purpose of siphoning money to the germanic core of europe . 
  and back then there was growth opportunities of a simpler nature . 
  these days , complexity requires not just academic skills , but a kind of organization that 's only accessible to those with cash flow ( rich ) and corporate in nature . 
  and the depressed economy stifles lines of credit to the middle and lower classes . 
  i see too many cultural differences . 
  perhaps with decades of reforms it might be possible . 
  all the bear ever wanted was a little tlc . 
  hardly . 
  more like russia finally having people to fill such big country , and protect it from the inevitable border conflicts with china . 
  cape verde yes . 
  georgia and armenia yes too . 
  other islamist non secular countries , hell no . 
  i personally think russia should join the eu . 
  i agree . 
  why should i buy anything above 1600w ? 
  sums up all about the wiseguy culture that still pervades portuguese society . 
  it translates to `` he who divides and distributes and does n't ensure he gets the best part , is either dumb or without skill '' . 
  it glorifies scheming and scamming and i hate it with a passion . 
  football 2 . 
  biking 3 . 
  hockey beach football , running and handball also move a lot of people . 
  undoubtedly [ miguel de vasconcelos ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miguel_de_vasconcelos ) . 
  he was the spanish owned puppet during the disastrous iberian union of portugal and spain . 
  he died by defenestration . 
  his name is still used as an insult and with a sneaky , selfish and traitorous connotations . 
  a fervent minority will displace a complacent majority, 
  so , past sins block us from defending ourselves ? 
  we should project our strength to insulate ourselves from this scourge . 
  islam is one the many evils of the world . 
  islam is radical . 
  islam is unambiguously a violent misogynistic , homophobic , cruel death cult . 
  it will consume the world and it will turn europe to ash if it does n't submit to their ideological matrix . 
  it is no religion of peace nor is it intrinsically benign . 
  quite the opposite . 
  apostates are killed . 
  no school of islam allows a different view . 
  women are inferior to men . 
  none also challenges that . 
  the jihad is at the core of the koran and non muslims must be conquered through violence if needed . 
  the koran is the engine of all this violence . 
  much more so than the bible or the talmud . 
  and just because they 've plateau 'd on this level , does n't mean we should accept it . 
  the questions part is very interesting . 
  he addresses moderate muslims and islam as an imperial project . 
  imams as extremists at their core values . 
  it 's very enlightening and even funny at times . 
  he does n't hate islam . 
  he seems to be quite analytic about it . 
  at the very least watch or read a summary about this . 
  do n't dismiss this as stormfront material . 
  it is n't !, 
  the police probably outlawed reading the pamphlets . 
  if you took that seriously , you 're civilized to autistic levels . 
  excellent entrepreneurship !, 
  this is just what spain needs to tackle joblessness . 
  keep calm and leave the jihadists be . 
  whatever you do , just do n't tweet about it . 
  welfare dependency . 
  yeah , the `` what happens in vegas , stays in vegas '' approach . 
  you 're absurd . 
  build a giant grinder and wait for them to return . 
  throw them in at slow rpm 's . 
  televise the whole thing . 
  the death cult extremists strike again . 
  to think there is probably a wave of silent happiness sweeping the `` peaceful '' muslim communities over yet another gruesome act by devout radical muslims . 
  how much approval rating will this act get them ? 
  how many more will fly over there to kill and rape - jihad tourism - while collecting benefits and support from western countries ? 
  islam is an ideology and can and should damn well be criticized . 
  just like nazism or communism . 
  so do n't bother calling me a stormfronter or a racist . 
  what i think of islam goes to blue eyed ginger muslims or black muslims . 
  they belong in the pages of history . 
  not in modern civilization . 
  and europe should stand up against any intolerant bigots . 
  i have been to a muslim ghetto in france and it was a horrid place . 
  and what happens when europeans are muslim ? 
  does it make sense then ? 
  go to hell . 
  the balkans everyone . 
  you 'd sooner get native french beheaded than non-native french deported . 
  islam won . 
  there is no point in fighting it . 
  someone will come that will do something similar to what constantine the great did for the roman empire , for the sake of peace and stability in the land . 
  he converted the empire to christianity , and like him so will modern europe convert to islam , or else ... be it by demographics , political force or just brutal and mindless violence . 
  [ balkan erotic epic ] ( http://youtu.be/min8cm5ryxy ) by marina abramovic . 
  nsfl i agree , serbia , which i admire greatly , takes the cake on this one . 
  you probably should n't go out and socialize for a few weeks . 
  not because of ebola but ... dat breath !, 
  in portugal we have this : a single [ maria cookie ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sjet9v7.jpg ) accompanied by [ a plastic cup of tea ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hn5jydo.jpg ) . 
  sometimes a single [ tin bowl of soup ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fxeuurp.jpg ) and [ some plastic wraped dry bread ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uttiobg.jpg ) . 
  the images are way too big implying sustainance . 
  it 's very common to lose weight while in the hospital . 
  it 's not a big deal as it helps treating patients , who are often obese and besides they get serum feeds packed with nutrients . 
  it may even help condition people to stay away and not make it a 5 star hotel experience , given it 's dangerous to be there and robs precious resources . 
  imho food is overrated when survival or recovering is at stake . 
  we 'll soon all learn this over the coming decades as we hit the many thresholds on food production , agw , peak phosphorous , soil depletion , crops , depleted aquifers and unsustainable cattle farming . 
  fucking catholic nutjobs . 
  this made me sick to my stomach . 
  the americans have a bottomless pit in regards to qe 's .
