  i do n't doubt it 's safe . 
  i would n't hesitate traveling there . 
  i would n't travel to east st louis or cabo in sa . 
  the main issue would be costs , obviously . 
  between hellas and portugal . 
  greece 's homicide rate : 1.4 ; portugal 's : ** 0.9 ** . 
  in greece , 53 % of people feel safe walking alone at night . 
  in portugal , 67 % of people feel safe walking alone at night . 
  sure , there are many other variables , but is it taking into account the recent social upheaval ? 
  we pretty much stayed the same during austerity and our imposed crippling poverty . 
  i agree the greek islands are a paradise on this earth . 
  you got me there . 
  all that tax revenue taken from other countries . 
  much solidarity !, 
  plenty fiscal cannibalism !, 
  wow !, 
  our country does a miserable job at promoting itself . 
  despite topping the tourism and safety charts for the past decade . 
  particularly after the arab spring , when middle eastern and north-african tourism stopped being safe . 
  you just ca n't beat portugal in terms of costs , culture , cuisine , climate , beaches and attractions . 
  maybe greece and southern spain come close but having visited them , i consider them more expensive and way less safe . 
  45h is pretty close to two days . 
  that 's likely without stopping , eating , bathroom , etc. 
  it would make a good urban alternative to the dakar . 
  a gt version of a moscow-lisbon . all within legal limits and safety . 
  i 'd watch that race . 
  forget nukes and buk 's . 
  let 's compete in driving skills instead . 
  i am soooooo scared . 
  if he could reach lisbon in two days , now that would be something . 
  it 'd take skills behind a wheel and serious engine muscle . 
  the pedophile practices are criminal and an abomination to christian teachings . 
  it is also a hidden practice that also carries a huge stigma . 
  these muslim practices are accepted in their community and are seen as non-issues and perfectly legitimate . 
  the koran clearly defends enslavement of non muslims . 
  many haddiths validate these brutal abuses . 
  honor killings are a respected practice . 
  abusing women and children sexually is a standard among extremists . 
  you ca n't and should n't compare . 
  you 're white washing things . 
  both are despicable but islamic practices are far more pervasive and out in the open . 
  i agree . 
  the angle being tried here is the cognitive dissonance one !, 
  that they should be more appreciative of the society helping them instead of being violently opposed to it . 
  and there is no moral ground for any of this . 
  i disagree with this logic but it is popular . 
  the real issue that everyone seems to tip toe around is the very nature of islam . 
  i suggest all to see [ this clip by sam harris ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_woaakma6hk ) . 
  he sums up a very good case about islam and why it is a dangerous ideological matrix . 
  only by understanding this can we actually get inside the minds of these people . 
  this is a lost war and all our efforts need to change . 
  there is no such thing as a moderate muslim . 
  perhaps a temporarily restrained one , for calculistic reasons . 
  it 's sad to even pronounce this . 
  that there is a something aching to a antisocial infection running rampant in european society . 
  talk about touchy . 
  i was n't addressing your personality . 
  i was addressing an all too common sentiment . 
  if you extrapolate this far enough , you probably should press charges against me for whatever suits you . 
  the fact you make this about me telling a tale of you is what gives away traits of your personality . 
  oh , portugal . 
  another fine case of whataboutism . 
  let me guess , i ca n't really address an issue without having deep intricate knowledge of it , right ? 
  and that seems to extend to my government foreign policy . 
  apparently , citizens must only voice ipsis verbis what their governments voice , so as not to create dissonance , or , you know , different opinions !, 
  you just apply for asylum in dprk as they share similar views . 
  if portugal says or does similar things , and believe it does the most stupid selfish things also , you bet i 'll criticize . 
  but let 's not stray into other issues . 
  we are talking turkey , remember ? 
  exactly . 
  and social services ca n't possibly be cheap . 
  the woman is probably being counseled by psychologists due to likely ptsd ( being refugees from a war zone ) , as are her children . 
  it 's a damn shame all this happens and just shows how we should really be spending money on fighting war , poverty , lack of education in her native countries , instead of absurdly remedying things . 
  switzerland is an expensive country . 
  probably the most expensive in europe . 
  though they 're also the highest income earners ... 
  that is such bs . 
  oh german government , how hypocritic of you . 
  the issue now is what will the german people do about this ? 
  please , rise up to the good name you have . 
  if you do nothing , you 'll just be complicit . 
  a buffer zone with an sociopathic state , ran by seriously dangerous and deranged extremists ? 
  what 's a buffer zone going to do about that ? 
  turkey is criminally wrong here . 
  hell , they should be thrown out of nato and any eu pretension . 
  they 're covering for their own selfish interests and aiding the islamization of europe ( they already facilitate the flooding of greece and eastern europe with illegal muslim migrants ) . 
  oh and the kurds ... they do want to see the kurds smashed by the is . 
  if karma comes knocking , turkey will be overrun with islamists far worse than erdogans kind . 
  and we should do nothing . 
  the same should happen to saudi arabia and the other gulf theocracies . 
  grow a pair . 
  that 's equal to paying a ransom . 
  and if i recall , ransoms are what allowed isis to thrive in the first place . 
  if we are to give in to these demands and blackmails , we might as well call it quits and hand these stone age fucktards the keys to europe . 
  http://abcnews.go.com/international/isis-makes-million-day-selling-oil-analysts/story?id=24814359 but i 'm guessing an erdogan apologist would require video proof of erdogan personally pumping the oil and paying isis so as to lay any sort of blame on poor old erdogan . 
  because facilitating and turning a blind eye to it is okay , right ? 
  oh and turkey 's refusal to fight isis ( along with germany , of course ) ... really enlightening !, 
  doubtful ... 
  if you believe a neighboring islamic country only adds 400 turks to the ranks of is , you 're grossly underestimating . 
  and that also does n't change the fact erdogan is an islamist thug allowing is to thrive and giving them aid .
