  restructuring , austerity , its all fine with me and unavoidable . 
  but solely for the purpose of paying interest is hardly a smart move . 
  unless you do n't have a community 's interest in mind . 
  default , restructure , austerity and restart , this time without committing past mistakes . 
  banks take risks and hardly suffer for it . 
  people take risks too like being served as collateral for a loan and they get nothing in return . 
  banks do . 
  is this fair ? 
  should n't a person taking risks as well be offered the same rewards as a bank ? 
  i 'd put it all on the esa and science programs . 
  if we do n't get our hands on another fresh batch of resources , namely another planet or asteroids , we 're bound to go to war over our dwindling resources . 
  soon , a human life will be worth less than a crate of ore or a barrel of oil . 
  better to default than to be completely dissolved into bankster food . 
  ah bulgaria , the undisputed beacon of respect for legality and democracy . 
  this guy has such moral and political high ground , he might as well be making his speech from the moon . 
  i do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  this is bound to surface sometime and i think it already has ... are we all - reddit atheists - gullible enough to believe we 're bound to remain secular or dissociate from religious schisms ? 
  poor judgements go hand in hand with dire times . 
  i 'm imagining this graph 's update in 2013 and portugal sinking into a pale antarctic white . 
  portugal , an african way of life combined with scandinavian-like taxing . 
  it 's the end of many things . 
  especially the end of an unsustainable cycle in the planet . 
  one that not even the sighing n\u00f6rseman above this comment wo n't escape . 
  let me guess , slovenia is not spain ? 
  i loathe the ideals behind jobbik but anti-semitic is no the same as anti zionist . 
  hell , even chomsky is anti-zionism and he 's as left as they come . 
  and quite a mediocre politician/man/teacher / intelectual . 
  the man is a sellout . 
  his vote just adds to that sum . 
  that could be said of every country . 
  the current generation of politicians act on self-interest and dare not rock the boat to risk funding or political support . 
  only when the heat is put on the citizens pockets that measures are taken and in most cases , it is already late . 
  i think the problem here are huge conflicts of interests , nonexistent regulation and promiscuity between politics and finance heavyweights . 
  the legislative processes of the last 20 years are mined by these interests . 
  says the citizen who voted to be left out of the euro . 
   why are southern europe allowing themselves to be picked off one-by-one instead of presenting a united front because money . 
  we 're being held by the balls . 
  if we even hint at such a move , the markets will punish us even further and the imf bailout packages and ecb / esfs are suspended . 
  germany 's allegations can not be approached anymore because there is no possible dialogue that does n't bring huge diplomatic crisis , talks of secession , embargo 's and possibly even future wars ( this is a stretch but sadly also historically expectable ) . 
  the eu project is almost dead . 
  all world economies are living on borrowed time . 
  more so the eu ones . 
  the americans are hoping the eu bleeding will fill wall streets pockets and divert the global markets short attention span from them , delaying the inevitable . 
  the us debt is unmanageable and impossible to pay even a fraction . 
  debt levels are tied to a growth paradigm incompatible with a globalized economy based on finite resources . 
  the southern economies are zombies and soon the northern ones will be in serious trouble also . 
  china and india are also reviewing growth figures and experiencing massive bubbles . 
  it 's all going to collapse soon enough ( hopefully ) . 
  if it does n't and this lingers on , i expect a serious sociopolitical turn for the worse . 
  our leaders are really bad , have no vision and no courage to reform . 
  the world needs serious austerity measures to curve current resource consumption . 
  off with his head !, 
  * metaphorically speaking of-course . 
  with our current birthrate , soon portugal will be all white haired folks . 
  eat that , northern europe !, 
  from grade school that we learn our history and the bond with the english that stretches far back . 
  the only thing tainting that is the 1890 ultimatum that every now and then comes up in politics as an example of decadence and weakness . 
  on the other hand , add the port wine and heavy real-estate presence , the high number of english tourists and expats , the shared soccer craze and recent head-ons ( to our advantage ) . 
  we do seem to share some traits and tastes . 
  no disrespect for germans , french or even the spanish , but yes , there 's a special liking and treatment to the brits . 
  our south is teaming with british expats living out their years in the warm mediterranean sun . 
  and unless those ratios are severely altered , the tendency is to stop using eu funding at all . 
  i actually think good of keynes . 
  what he said was right , but he predicted things with an exaggerated degree of optimism which also accounts for its popularity . 
  he did n't account for the side-effects of greed , wealth amassing groups trying to hijack the legislative/regulating processes like they did . 
  he always thought the markets were the consumer and that they were undefeatable . 
  he was wrong there . 
  current state of things indicates the world 's economy being held hostage by the big players . 
  hedge investments and the cds market 's are completely unregulated . 
  when once the real market echoed in the derivatives , it 's now becoming the opposite . 
  the derivatives market is a quadrillion sized black holed monster waiting to gobble up all the zeros of the real world in a sad game of musical chairs . 
  there are very big elephants in the room being ignored by our political leaders . 
  they are weary of uncertainty and if possible make as little change as possible as to not affect the social * status quo * and the balance of power . 
  but all that is going out the window and we 're witnessing social implosion in the west . 
  all that 's needed right now is the shock of collapse to start addressing the problem . 
  hopefully we wo n't end up with fascist belligerent governments when it happens . 
  we 'll have to relearn a new way life , much poorer materially . 
  the current ecological footprints of westerners are unsustainable . 
  think of the rising middle class families in the brics . 
  they want that way of life as well . 
  it 's just not possible . 
  we 'll have to change dramatically or risk making the planet a death trap in just a few decades . 
  this is where europe should lead the way . 
  sustainability . 
  and to get there we need austerity . 
  not merkel 's austerity but a more life encompassing austerity . 
  this should be coupled with precise investments aiming towards sustainability and innovation . 
  after the eurozone is gone or stabilized , the focus will then be placed on the dollar . 
  already we 're seeing distrust for the dollar as the world 's reserve currency . 
  that is coming to an end . 
  all major efforts to undermine and milk the euro have come from across the ocean but the real problem is the dollar . 
  if europe weathers this or defaults , the dollar is next . 
  the us is in a lot of debt trouble and it can not keep printing itself out of trouble because that means everybody else will pay for it . 
  us states are experiencing unsustainable debts themselves pretty much like european countries . 
  when that happens , the worlds economy will tank . 
  the numbers are staggering and unmanageable . 
  it will be a shock but if experienced globally it can be dealt with much faster than in an asymmetric crash . 
  true but disregarding nobel economics ( this is pejorative right here ) for a minute , i was talking about different , perfectly foreseeable outcomes !, 
  that can actually be scientifically predicted through experiment . 
  economics does n't quite do that .
