  now , all this self promotion means nothing but one thing to me . 
  when shit hits the fan , there 's at least a couple things i 'm pretty sure wo n't change - the brits ai n't going nowhere and neither are we . 
  we have close to 20 billion $ in gold ( in current gold prices ) or some 382 metric tonnes . 
  that hardly pays for a years worth of our politicians pay , performance premiums and expenses . 
  well , i never said which side we 'd be on . 
  `` the german genius '' , `` germany is the most grown-up country in the world today '' , `` german renaissance '' , `` people are envious of germany '' . 
  oh , this looks promising !, 
  nonsense , we 'll see you in the trenches . 
  as with everything * economics * . 
  being called a science is somewhat misleading . 
  it uses math , sure . 
  but at its heart lies nothing but ideology . 
  it holds no true natural laws , no universal constants and can not make use of controlled experiments to support its theories . 
  it 's all speculation read over mathematical interpretations that can simultaneously fit conflicting perspectives . 
  shoot up some randomness into the system and everything goes out the window leaving only the ideologues clinging to their fossilized thinking processes . 
  as for the article itself . 
  it 's a pleasant reading but it 's far from being relevant to the situation or the readers . 
  there are bigger problems that could easily be identified by simple math . 
  because , for the middle and long run , numbers just do n't add up , no matter how much you twist them . 
  we 're already past our expiration date . 
  democracy is dead for a long time but only now is the corpse starting to stink . 
  the eu has always been about protectionism and distorted ideals . 
  it was all `` here , join the eu , we 'll give you money to reform your country and in return , you 'll give it right back to our banking and industrial sectors '' . 
  that 's why it was so easily put forth for decades . 
  it allowed the further expansionist intents of the industry and banking sectors of the bigger countries . 
  now , those interests are set on another horizon . 
  whats coming for us is this neoslavery of everyone bellow the * banksters * social tier . 
  they 're collecting and they 're repossessing . 
  very few will be able to keep paying . 
  i also doubt the referred treaty changes are ever submitted , given the market behavior , let alone put in practice . 
  i say that same thing for those constitutional changes many countries are setting up . 
  enshrining deficit limits is ridiculous wishful thinking . 
  in an age where constitutional rights conflict and get trampled on by the many governments , it is really really infantile . 
  as for germany , i see germany playing their game , as always , protecting their own interests , their own agendas and bullying europe into submission . 
  they do n't anything that is n't in the interest of their elites . 
  good for the uk . 
  but bad also , because the uk is actually a nest of financial malpracticing . 
  if you track the global money trail , it leads to a lot of uk based mega-clusters . 
  what would take to solve the issue is real courage . 
  take on the need reforms announced on the treaty changes and apply them fast . 
  get rid of the unlawful lobbying . 
  clean all parties of it . 
  separate politics from capital . 
  it 's also infantile of me to expect it from these kind of characters ... they 've proven themselves quite well . 
  those are really low food prices !, 
  incredibly lower than here , where we have much less purchasing power !, 
  til ... 
  i 'm as frugal as they come but you 're not equating food diversity and energy costs . 
  cooking your own food is fine and i do it always , but you must diversify or you 'll be hurting soon ( health ) . 
  and take the added energy into account . 
  i can buy the cheapest spaghetti pasta for 50/60 cents ( it has steadily risen near 20 % these past months ) , salt for about 30 cents , rice for 1 euro ( also rising ) , canned beans and tomatoes are also way past 1 euro each for big cans . 
  i did the math and even with just soup and vegetables , i would n't sustain just myself on less than 170 euros food-wise . 
  just to put things into perspective , housing costs are 600 eur , energy/water ( gas+e lectricity + water ) are at 80 eur and rising . 
  daycare is another 150 eur . 
  food costs for a family of 3 are in the 400 eur . 
  all these have risen some 10 % this year and are due to rise even more with the changes in vat and interest rates . 
  social security taxation will add further strain to this coming year . 
  i have an old diesel car with low mpg ratio and little maintenance needed but the cost of a liter of diesel is pushing 1.50 eur . 
  there is hardly anything left on the family budget . 
  i know i 'll have to scrape something soon coming january . 
  i will probably start wearing a miners hat indoors to save energy . 
  i also suspect our government is planning to tax oxygen in order to pay their wallstreet like salaries and shady deals with their crooked friends . 
  that 's 4 $ a day !, 
  so , are you jesus christ ( multiplier of bread and fish ) or you are feeding yourself in socialized school cafeterias ? 
  some shelter for homeless people ? 
  could you please elaborate on that ? 
  because i live in one of the cheapest countries in europe food wise , and find that hard to believe . 
  what really should be graphed here are the work hours put in by corporate and company managers , state and private . 
  also , `` salvaged '' bankers and specially those in legislative seats like those elected for parliament , ministers , state secretaries and also judges of all instances . 
  but , yet again , the pawns that get all the focus . 
  if anything , this graph proves the real issue is competitiveness and not productivity . 
  does any guardian journalist dare tread such murky swamps ? 
  it will be at their doorstep soon enough . 
  it will also be too late , though . 
  it 's a shame , because the german people are unknowingly playing the * banksters * game of taking over the world . 
  and all of this due to the propaganda of lazy southern europeans versus the hard working northern europeans . 
  i find an uncanny similarity between germany and the sub-prime crisis . 
  while it lasted , the sub-prime , much like the eu integration model , was apparently good for everyone . 
  everybody had credit to buy and the markets apparently thrived with all this surge in forwarded debt , as did the german industry with the sudden explosion in purchasing power of this upcoming middle class in their easy to access markets . 
  people who would have difficulty paying their new homes got them anyway and were even encouraged to . 
  in europe , so did many governments embarked on this , `` encouraged '' to modernize their countries . 
  military contracts poured , large infrastructures , railways , steel , concrete , oil and overall consumerism . 
  this made some countries , particularly those with high industrial output , very dominant and successful . 
  then came the harsh mathematical reality and there you have it , people and countries going belly up . 
  a lot of song and dance and straight refusals to acknowledge the roots of the problem and dragging it ad nauseum at the expense of all the eu citizens and taxpayers . 
  this kind of problem should n't even have arisen if the true spirit of the post-war eu was still alive along with some sense of justice or even common sense !, 
  ms merkel and mr sarkozy should delete themselves from the history books . 
  they are literally playing the eu for saps and their short shortsightedness is infuriating . 
  the markets play them like puppets . 
  the eu is now the world 's weakest link because it has the weakest politicians - greedy , stubborn and far from the bright and lucid minds that once shaped the eu . 
  country after country will fall because of this warped sense of ethos sweeping the continent . 
  out with them , now !, 
  but it 's late and the democratic prozac does n't favor blitz politics . 
  it 's already geared to fail so brace yourselves , winter is definitely coming for us . 
  the upcoming suffering and death toll will be on their hands . 
  and do n't laugh . 
  it may seem a bit of a stretch , but the eu is all that stands between dialogue and war ( and what a whole new level of war it could be ) . 
  it may not come right away , but it will come , and not just from within our borders . 
  i find an uncanny similarity between germany and the sub-prime crisis . 
  while it lasted , the sub-prime , much like the eu integration model , was apparently good for everyone .
