  it has never been an issue due to a lack of quality and quantity in their football leagues . 
  does n't this forbid immigration from being discussed in politics ? 
  is this ok with eu laws ? 
  seems a bit tyrannical and insane . 
  not to mention constitutionally illegal . 
  portugal has them too . 
  we give german cars as prize . 
  it 's a cause of great shaming to my country . 
  not only are the prizes made entirely abroad , it 's unlikely to the average citizen to keep up with maintenance , leading to further debt and asset arrest . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  they could 've given other prizes , like 10 year personal tax exemption , or even money . 
  they instead appeal to a sense of vanity and stupidity that it 's so insulting it infuriates me . 
  trendy , are n't we ? 
  such beautiful metaphor . 
  my wife uses carrots ( sex ) whenever she wants something from me or just get off . 
  my customers use carrots ( money ) to seduce me to work for them . 
  companies give `` carrots ( good salaries and working conditions ) to make sure workers remain productive and loyal . 
  states give carrots ( low taxation ) to corporations and big business . 
  europe uses carrots ( civilized and sophisticated conditions infrastructure and economical stability ) to poor peripheral countries with a bad history of unneighborly abuse - russia . 
  i 'm anti-eu and get huge amounts of down votes . 
  i 'm weary and suspicious of german political interests and interference over other peripheral countries . 
  paying the tab , which they 're not by the way , does n't excuse anything and everything germany does or says . 
  we 're not slaves . 
  people ca n't be bought . 
  if you think they can , you should be bought and sold for tree fiddy . 
  people do n't abide by reddiquette . 
  they vote like agreeing or disagreeing . 
  in that sense , / r/europe is no better than an intolerant net mob . 
  not really a big thing , because most subs are . 
  but it sterilizes any discussion . 
  there 's also the rampant islamophilia . 
  people criticizing islam or immigration just get banned or massively down voted . 
  it 's pathetic when we ca n't have an opinion on cultural traits . 
  it always gets reduced to racism ... 
  i do n't like people with signs threatening other people or treating women children and gay people as something worse than animals . 
  if you 're going to pull a relativity curtain on that , then you 're just as bad as them , if not worse !, 
  another thing that repulses me is the naive idealistic mentality that does not correlate with the world we live in . 
  people go out of their way to argue with someone , despite having no experience with the issue being discussed . 
  it ranges from dealing gypsies to some people 's work ethic , to beverages and food . 
  redditors are not anthropologists with a thesis on issues . 
  they 're normal people with limited view of the world and sharing experiences . 
  counter point with your own experiences . 
  we are not representing our countries on the un table . 
  oh god , we should be glad we 're not !, 
  astroturfing is also an issue . 
  the love for mother russia is getting out of hand . 
  the amount of down votes in some well thought and well written comments only makes me think that there 's a lot of blind hatred for someone or just astroturfing . 
  also , there are too many americans voicing their opinions over things they know nothing about . 
  i like their input whenever possible in threads , just do n't write like you know the cure for europe 's problems . 
  it goes the other way round too . 
  surely you realize this madman 's only role there ( duma ) is to make putin seem moderate , right ? 
  that 's the spirit . 
  enjoy your string of upvotes . 
  southern bashing in 3 , 2 , oh , it already started . 
  mitigate ? 
  i think it 's more like prolong as long as possible so as to reap the most benefits for the cronies and banksters . 
  welcome to the eu of the 21 ^ st century . 
  a thing i do n't want to be a part of . 
  the eu does n't even want to insulate weaker economies . 
  there 's too much profit in gangrening the periphery . 
  they got help the cronies recoup the losses from 2008 wall street debacle , particularly german banks . 
  but the funny part is reading and listening to eu officials claiming they 're doing everything to protect those countries , when they do the opposite . 
  they may seem insane to you . 
  i see them as quite legitimate . 
  i simply lost any kind of faith/trust towards the eu . 
  it may have had a noble principle once , decades ago , but that spirit somehow got lost/died/cracked under financial pressures . 
  to me , the eu is like heroin to a junkie . 
  it is the the main drive behind public debt and a haven of high level corruption . 
  i do n't know where we 'd be without the eu , because that 's now in a different universe , but i 'd risk saying we 'd probably be in a lot better place than where we are now . 
  we 'd at least be in control of our own currency , economy and resources . 
  certainly with better prospects than eking out an existence with a zombie economy and rampant unemployment . 
  some 5 to 10 % of the country has left . 
  broken families . 
  rising living costs . 
  bleak future . 
  all for what ? 
  to honor commitments of usury ? 
  being hung out to dry by the eu so that a few banks can reap pornographic interest rates ? 
  forced privatizations ? 
  at sale price ? 
  into the hands of corporate cronies and other foreign party financiers ? 
  what is this ? 
  a second ussr ? 
  being told what to buy and what to sell by the eu ? 
  and what to legislate ? 
  to perpetuate cronies and shady deals within the eu and with no benefit to the portuguese people , like submarines , trains and other crappy corrupted deals ? 
  to cut down or halt once vital and self-sustainable areas ? 
  to throw away precious natural resources in land and in the ocean ? 
  the eu is a perverse joke . 
  ran by xenophobic near comic book level villains !, 
  they aim get rich and ahead by dismantling and disenfranchising the periphery of europe who they view and treat as subhumans , for hundreds of years . 
  you know that would pretty much guarantee the destruction of at least an hemisphere , right ? 
  who will give a shit about an economy when we 're missing an hemisphere and starving to death ? 
  russia does n't respect any convention of war , and you saw it with the false flags , unmarked paramilitary , laying of landmines ... we have a belligerent country with a huge dead man 's switch and no political opposition at home . 
  it was just a matter of time until this day would come . 
  ever since we developed the first nuclear warhead . 
  many saw it coming decades ago . 
  there is only one way out of this . 
  do nothing and quietly wait for it to blow over , preferably at a pub getting wasted because this is all too heavy to cope with . 
  let 's hope russia does n't go all in sweeping up other countries parts .
