  because the eu is corrupted to the core !, 
  the same speculators bleeding us out of our future are based in our own capitals , frankfurt , london , paris , brussels . 
  banksters own the legislative processes . 
  they stall and smother all actions coming out of eu officials . 
  now they even dictate unelected puppet governments . 
  i do n't sign on this atomic bomb issue but i do n't sign on the joke the eu has become as well . 
  we 're being slaughtered for the sole profit of unregulated banking operations . 
  this is a hostile takeover of democracy . 
  and after we 're gone it will come for you as well . 
  the thing is , a default within the eu will turn any country into a chechnya . 
  socrates will go down in history as the most hated prime-minister . 
  much more hated than caetano or salazar . 
  i dislike socrates because i dislike the clientele both parties will always serve . 
  but much of it was gossip , foul play and many irrelevant issues that had no part in the country 's strategy . 
  it weakened him and made it impossible to manage the country , thus creating a political swamp that harmed this country . 
  in fact , socrates proposed some pretty daring stuff , like imposing the much dreaded evaluation on public servants and ending life-long golden pensions that had been given away for years . 
  haters gon na hate , but please , remain objective . 
  this is true . 
  the macro effects of economical policies are always felt further down the years and the trail of disaster left by the current party is just appalling . 
  this christian right leaning government has currently three interests , to appease germany , to surrender all to privatization and to break the people for the sake of their authoritarian ideologies . 
  words of a demagogue that do n't serve the country 's best interest . 
  although i feel we should do something about this whole situation . 
  we surrendered much when adhering to the euro and , quite frankly , the whole situation is incredibly stupid and well beyond our control . 
  we have little or no tools to fight this and the eu is not shielding us from speculators mainly because many of said speculators are based in the eu and have incredible influence and leverage over politicians and even legislation . 
  these are the words we should be using . 
  not atomic bombs or weak threats of non-payment . 
  there is no sustainability in this for any country , and that includes germany , france and the uk . 
  you 'll all be bled soon enough . 
  this pact surrenders all form of sovereignty to the german parliament . 
  enshrining constitutional limits on deficits and applying automatic heavy penalties will merely establish a continuous vortex of money flowing into the european heartland in the form of debt . 
  at its center will lie germany , in total control of the economy and most likely acting in only its own interests . 
  distributing and issuing commands back and forth . 
  puppeteering the weakest governments european countries have ever seen . 
  disrupting any chance of social cohesion . 
  destroying any chance of a union . 
  this whole process is highly undemocratic . 
  how many years until a rebellion takes place ? 
  secrete services have a lot of power in their hands and they frequently go on power trips . 
  the shroud of secrecy of their actions places them above reprimand . 
  it happens in portugal too , though at a much smaller scale . 
  just so you know , a former secret service head sat at a courts bench for industrial espionage and smoothly got away with it on the obvious account that he had way too much power and knowledge of certain vip 's . 
  after he resigned the service he joined the same company he had spied been spying to given his `` omnipotence '' . 
  even the media dropped [ the case ] ( http://www.publico.pt/sociedade/ministerio-publico-investiga-silva-carvalho-e-faz-buscas-na-ongoing-e-em-casa-do-exespiao-1519625 ) . 
  i genuinely fear for the future . 
  these individuals have no respect for democracy or justice . 
  seems pretty ruthless , specially in light of recent scandals with strauss-khan . 
  i 've always sensed authoritarian undertones when listening to french politicians . 
  not to mention their atomic energy and atomic weapons stance , the sale of nuclear techhnology to middle-eastern countries , like iraq or israel , with clear destabilizing intents . 
  last but not least , i will never forget the [ rainbow warrior incident ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinking_of_the_rainbow_warrior ) . 
  it defines french attitude towards everything . 
  if there is a hell , mitterrand must be swimming in hot lava or maybe really hot cheese . 
  only deluded or corrupt demagogues can believe the uk - one of the axis of financial evil - can escape what 's coming . 
  democracy is incompatible with the accumulation of wealth and power . 
  and there are non-negotiable natural limits on the planet 's resources and in the banking system . 
  with no more solvent lendees to perpetuate this * ponzi * scheme , it all ends in a spiral of money being sucked straight into the top of the pyramid . 
  it 's pretty obvious what the * elites * and leaders are expecting . 
  all over the world , rights and liberties are being taken . 
  further legislation and constitutional changes by unelected governments will follow . 
  the military will become empowered and the rest ... is history repeating itself . 
  no modern day existing culture would ever assume theft or slave trading as lifestyle . 
  even a culture of thieves would not admit it . 
  it would cause them more problems and thieves are always practical and manipulating . 
  borderline human abuse traits are also played down and kept from the public eye , such as middle eastern misogynistic theocratic regimes . 
  some have pointed this self promotion out as insecurity in us . 
  i just get annoyed by all the piigs bashing . 
  southern europe has been through a lot and will probably weather out things northern folks wo n't . 
  you do n't believe the weight culture has on personalities , resilience , politics and education . 
  another thing that annoys me is the particular portuguese bashing . 
  let 's face it , the country is small but it has actually achieved a lot for it 's size . 
  modern people do n't care about history as they do n't relate or do n't see any relevance to it , so the image portugal has was given by the emigration wave of the 60 ^ s which saw the poorest of the poor , with little to no education flee from a war torn country , under fascist rule , trying their luck elsewhere . 
  that was and still is the wrong image that got sold , sadly . 
  it 's not insecurity but to you it may seem insecure of me to deny it . 
  it 's a mere cultural trait . 
  given our history and knowing our traditions and idiosyncrasies , like most people , we 're just a unique blend . 
  that particular trait has its roots in our arab/jewish past ( before we reconquered the peninsula ) . 
  the religious traditions of hospitality run deep to this day and people just need like to make others feel welcome as if there were a defining social score being kept . 
  its really annoying at times . 
  for example , whenever i go anywhere , the hosts are always asking if i need anything , if i want something , if i 'm enjoying things . 
  during the holidays its nearly impossible to go anywhere without lengthy conversations , food and drink being offered . 
  it 's also bad manners to refuse . 
  so , expect formalities . 
  this also explains why there are so many more coffee shops and restaurants per capita than in europe . 
  some of us are also prone to exagerations and drama . 
  we like to grieve and to constantly complain . 
  even our national music genre - fado , is a clear giveaway of just that . 
  but in all this appetite for emotions , some good things can come of it , sometimes we can really exceed ourselves and surprise everyone . 
  we 're also generous to charity . 
  the downside is that same emotional instability pervades everything in our society . 
  take this with a ton of salt , but this is my honest opinion and if you know nothing of portugal , take a look at our football team , it kinda mirrors all these issues . 
  britain was blessed with insularity . 
  portugal was blessed with sunshine . 
  portugal carried the first organized globalization effort . 
  it was n't that much of an oppressive presence like other super powers and had little interest in keeping them through force because it quickly realized its size vs. the world . 
  no , it was all about trading and integrating indigenous people . 
  if you ca n't beat them , fuck them . 
  our people circumnavigated the globe and [ discovered australia ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2007/03/21/us-australia-map-idussyd3449720070321 ) some 250 years before cook . 
  we established trading posts across asia and in japan . 
  what this says about our culture is that we 're not afraid of the dark . 
  it 's not just our country that 's old , our people are the most ancient in europe ( [ we hold the most ancient european genetic ancestry ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_history_of_europe ) ) and even cultural diversity shows that we assimilated some of those peoples traits and did it not by sword but through cooperation . 
  also , there is evidence portugal was the birthplace of the celts ( still controversial ) and even today some places in britain are much closer genetically to portugal than to any northern european .
