  and further proof that deep-seated ethnocentrics and racism is not only disgustingly thriving , it 's likely dictating policy . 
  sweden has battled russia and won many times in it 's past . 
  one could even say swedes created russia . 
  you have the choice to quickly set up a jihadi and a somali military unit . 
  russians wo n't stand a chance . 
  if voting does n't help , then protests are the way to go . 
  right now , the entire political system seems undermined by high level corruption and cronyism . 
  this has created a plutocracy and , like i said , a growing asymmetric relationship of power , spiraling up the social pyramid . 
  this struggle exists since the beginning of civilization but technology now puts us at an increased risk , given the rise of the surveillance state and the drone/automated security forces . 
  the future is very bleak and we must walk a fine line or risk end up under a totalitarian control , and with no room to free ourselves from . 
  rioting is wrong . 
  protesting is not wrong . 
  it 's a fundamental and democratic right . 
  those who forbid and unleash the police on it are the usurpers and the ones being undemocratic . 
  protesting is not rioting . 
  violence should be a last measure but i do n't discart it because we just never know how deep in shit we might get . 
  so do n't go all pacifist . 
  i 'm a pacifist too . 
  i do n't go around raising hell any chance i get . 
  but i sure as hell will try to defend myself if being brutally assaulted and my rights taken . 
  illegal seizure of power is also wrong . 
  why are you jumping in logic and making up statements i never made ? 
  each country has its own quirks . 
  in my country we had a relatively [ peaceful dictatorship ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estado_novo_\\ ( portugal \\ ) ) and a [ peaceful revolution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carnation_revolution ) . 
  we ca n't live in fear of what may happen if we act or do n't act . 
  that is the definition of paranoia . 
  we need to pursue politically what is best to the people and be prepared to become vocal if needed . 
  what we have currently is not the best to the people . 
  it is the best to the top of the social pyramid . 
  for corporations and cronies . 
  and please save me from the eloi/morlock rhetoric that we need to be put under control . 
  people should start taking responsability for their actions and especially their votes . 
  relegating or giving up on things is not helping . 
  globally , [ inequality is steadily rising ] ( http://inequality.org/oecd-report-inequality-rising-faster/ ) . 
  tax breaks granted by governments are getting larger and the wealthier class is getting more tax breaks than ever before . 
  tax evasion , off-shoring and general tax evasion is epidemic among large banking corporations and off course , the rich . 
  yes , even in old western europe . 
  if you expect cronyism to die by the hand of a fossilized party system . 
  you 're deluded . 
  the parties ranks only allow those who will further this system . 
  anyone opposing this will get shot down . 
  and voting does ? 
  left and right . 
  the end is always the same . 
  abstention is proof people do n't believe our current democracy . 
  and do you deny a class war ? 
  oh , not much , just end the current class war . 
  probably even prevent the wealthy elites of this planet from destroying human civilization . 
  not sure if april fools ... 
  i believe putin is capable and likely to seize eastern ukraine from under nato 's nose , during these so-called war games . 
  and you can bet nobody would do anything to stop him . 
  and no matter how big these games are , they do n't stand a chance against the bulk and experienced russian army amassing across the border . 
  logistically , russia has the upper hand . 
  and any remote by drone or air-force deployment from nato would be readily taken out by russian defenses . 
  i read somewhere they already have them in place . 
  so , unless nato wants to station 100 000 troops in ukraine , which is ridiculous and an excuse for russia 's intervention in itself , there is no way nato can do anything . 
  putin now only needs an excuse . 
  be it from far right attacks on pipelines , massive nato troops being deployed or just some good ` ol pro-russian rioting being targeted in any eastern cities . 
  he will take another bite from ukraine , if not all . 
  and if nato steps up , all nato countries will be engaged with russia , again giving the excuse for russia 's reclaiming of past soviet territories . 
  i 'm talking poland , baltic states and even nato outsider finland , depending on the finns foreign support policy . 
  note : instead of down-voting what you do n't agree , please use words , not arrows . 
  and people keep saying merkel has tact ... 
  i think they 're hitlerally literal . 
  you know it 's not difficult to grow from scorched earth policies , right ? 
  you ca n't be against the eu , nato or europe in r/europe . 
  you 'll get banned . 
  me and a bunch of other people from r/portugal have been banned on whims . 
  it 's funny because it mirrors europe perfectly as well . 
  welcome to the forever miserable countries club . 
  enjoy your imf sanctioned stone age apocalypse . 
  i do n't see them dependent either , not without serious strife . 
  a good part of them seems pretty determined to have their own thing . 
  they call themselves kings but are actually crime bosses . 
  like dons in the mob . 
  excellent leverage for political persuasion . 
  even so , i find it hard to believe a 90 % dependency . 
  i did some checking and it [ stands at near 80 % ] ( http://expresso.sapo.pt/renovaveis-estao-a-reduzir-dependencia-energetica-de-portugal=f811581 ) . 
  there simply is n't any piece of good news about our predicament . 
  btw , here 's [ a list of dams ] ( http://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/anexo:lista_de_barragens_em_portugal ) . 
  i actually thought these were a lot more significant on the energy deficit sheet . 
  well , it opened a very dangerous door . 
  there 's little preventing them from doing it again . 
  they are too big to fail or jail . 
  how have n't these people been helped by their government and yet the bankers have ? 
  how is their over inflated and unsustainable debt not being renegotiated !? 
  these people are economically crippled for the coming decades !, 
  they 'll give very little contribution to other parts of the economy !, 
  they are essentially slaves to the banks , who in turn keep reaping ill gotten gains and are unaccountable for these fowl community crushing practices . 
  portugal does n't have a 90 % dependency of foreign energy sources . 
  unless all the dams , wind turbines and solar panels are for decoration purposes . 
  i 'd say that chart is fictional . 
  surprisingly low cancer rates in portugal . 
  it was missing a `` suppose '' . 
  it was to put things into a similar perspective . 
  not a `` wish you something bad happens '' . 
  forgive my english . 
  nevertheless , i stand by what i say . 
  radical islam is completely unacceptable and allowing to continue these abuses only invites disaster and grief to the communities . 
  as for winning people over , i 'd like them to engage with your radical muslim when he 's out sharing his thoughts with the world , using free speech to protest against free speech .
