  so , an increase in color complexity perception ( not biological , lest you distort my words again ) does n't exert influence in culture ? 
  does it not prove that the brain language center influences control over the senses and that the simple naming of a color [ is what facilitates detection in the first place . ] ( http://www.boreme.com/posting.php?id=30670 ) . 
  it drives the whole point home !, 
   i 'm not sure what point you 're trying to make . 
  and you 're not going to , so why bother any further ? 
  to be perfectly honest , i detect a strong confirmation bias here , particularly towards leftist ideals ( btw i 'm ideologically left winged ) . 
  the desire to see the world conforming to our own idealized settings . 
  now this serves no good purpose . 
  europeans are not an homogeneous mass and language certainly played and still plays it 's part in asserting those differences . 
  and those differences should be celebrated and not dismissed . 
  we seem to be discussing degrees of influence . 
  i was merely pointing out that there are differences . 
  i was n't implying a southern european was like an alien from out of space to another northern european , although i understand your `` rhetorical '' need for such polarization . 
  also , risk taking differences exist and are well documented and although they are minor on a stats graph , they accumulate over time and also feedback into culture . 
  simple mannerisms in speech are enough to make minor cultural changes in any given region in terms of emotional predisposition . 
  all minor of course , but occurring nonetheless . 
  in certain cultures or tribes , they can perceive colors we ca n't because we have not named them . 
  using more collective nouns instead of individual ones has political weight and is used politically , such as in the ussr who downplayed individuality in nearly all written forms . 
  same goes for feminine and masculine terms . 
  i 'm starting to think nothing could eventually ever represent islam . 
  even if a huge amount of muslims condone violence and act it , all it takes is * one * guy who does n't and is offended for being misrepresented . 
  * he * will find overwhelming support in the media and in politics . 
  even when * he * and everyone basically know he 's full of shit and the actual problem is thus ignored and allowed to grow . 
  oh and most importantly , guilt is avoided !, 
  language shapes cultures and language shapes thought . 
  google it . 
  stanford has plenty of research online on this subject . 
  they get `` guidance '' from certain hard left ngo 's . 
  these would love nothing more than to see europe destroyed , even if it means a far worse system taking over it , like a brutal caliphate . 
  europe 's most dangerous enemies are native europeans themselves . 
  it would dilute cultural differences and that would be bad in a broad sense . 
  you see , language is closely tied to emotional traits and even logic . 
  english speakers are more prone to risk taking than portuguese speakers . 
  we should however , al have a common second language . 
  that would be helpful and maintain cultural idiosyncrasies . 
  comic relief ? 
  i interpreted it as kind of a joke . 
  the whole story , albeit dangerous , is damn funny too . 
  while i 'd rather have serbia in the eu than turkey or kosovo , and for greatly admiring the serbian people , i hope you do what 's best for your country and your people . 
  the eu and europe in general has fucked serbia many times over , despite owing their very existence to serbia . 
  now it 's time to take advantage of the situation , just like the eu and russia do all the time . 
  only consider the eu if it comes with a big blank check and no threats . 
  and be prepared to be the battleground for propaganda battles between east and west . 
  always keep in mind this should be all about numbers . 
  young folks do n't vote so they do n't care about them . 
  young folks also do n't have any economic weight to help voice their concerns . 
  making sure they do n't get that weight and are ubiquitously fucked over is seen as a good thing , given the amount of suspicion towards the newer generations and dilutes parental anger towards government ( `` hey , everybody 's kid is unemployed ) . 
  what is currently a class war going on is going to turn ( and should turn ) into a generational conflict . 
  fuck the baby boomers and fuck the eu for allowing this to reach epidemic proportions . 
  young people will stop having families . 
  will stop reproducing and all that 'll be left will be refugee intake to make up for those low numbers . 
  and to the politicians , refugees are preferable and more pliable with their voting patterns . 
  makes us proud , does n't it ? 
  15 days . 
  in 15 days , we 'll see the extent of the damage . 
  we can all either be back here cussing putin and posting map porn or we can be in some deep shit by then . 
  budget cuts . 
  you rightfully criticize german hypocrisy and get downvoted . 
  amazing . 
  this sub is devoted to sucking german w\u00fcrst . 
  giving their own citizens data and at the same time condemning . 
  the hypocrisy only reveals the utter lack of integrity of this bunch . 
  rest assured there are plenty other important issues where eu 's citizen rights and interests are also being betrayed here . 
  i would n't trust merkel to run a grocery store , let alone dictate eu policy . 
  proportionality ? 
  germany ? 
  noooooo . 
  the next 14 days will reveal the extent of all this incompetence as the infected become known . 
  paulo macedo is a much better man in every other sense , other than in the external image and communication department that is . 
  would also make a much more worthy and competent prime minister than the current one or any other stretching back to the marquis of pombal . 
  do n't forget he is a career politician . 
  has never worked outside political circles and/or related to politics . 
  has quite a few blemishes on his resum\u00e9 , such as late graduating , domestic violence , substance abuse and now very recently corruption suspicions ( most likely true ) regarding unlawful appropriation of funds , grants and lying to parliament . 
  he has no political backbone , doing whatever merkel instructs him , having changed his mind 180 degrees many times . 
  he has a deep late night radio host type of voice and the people are fucking stupid . 
  i mean , crippling levels of stupidity and short memory/attention span . 
  there is n't anything stopping him/them from going full nuclear . 
  it 's not like there 's anyone to stop him . 
  if he drops a couple of nukes in kiev , a lot of late night meetings and stern letters will be the sum end result . 
  a lot of fearful leaders , desperately clinging to their portfolios and careers . 
  and a lot of people consider this being prudent and wise . 
  cowards ... a union of cowards . 
  only brave enough to bully the weak and the miserable . 
  serb bashing in 3 , 2 , ... 
  the promises of sweden are too appealing . 
  totally worth the risk for any asylum seeker . 
  it would help if there were n't countries in europe openly advertising guaranteed refugee and asylum status , along with generous welfare . 
  not only these countries cheap out on helping out safeguarding life at the southern borders , they motivate these people into their deaths . 
  this is for you sweden and germany . 
  what you make as noble is actually reckless unsustainable and dangerous for all parts involved . 
  or maybe , you know , force much needed change in those war torn countries in the first place . 
  people will have to face their plight and deal with it . 
  europeans have done just that on many occasions during our violent history . 
  now that 's one chart i 'm glad to be left out . 
  people the * likes * of him - an ex chancellor/high profile politician . 
  the problem is , he holds political influence/leverage in germany . 
  it 's the only reason he 's there in the first place . 
  he 's a facilitator . 
  people like him , regardless of nationality , should be put on a watch list and have every move scrutinized for active corruption . 
  now that 's a economic fallacy .
