  agree ? 
  multiculturalism is a problem because there are many cultural incompatibilities and little or no effort to integrate !, 
  agree ? 
  that is what is practically happening in large chunks of europe . 
  shariah , excision , honor crimes , homophobia , misogyny , violent savagery that is preached with religious basis should be outlawed and fought face on while there is still time !, 
  it 's criminal to allow it and by letting bigots get away with it only invites further abuses . 
  agree ? 
  if you do n't , i really really feel sorry for you . 
  people in charge of tv channels should know better . 
  they should n't be trying to stirr up the pot like this . 
  politically factious tabloid tv aimed at getting an emotional reaction that is most likely to harm people than to make them think or understand one another . 
  you 're quite naive then . 
  i only see muslims ( being used as bait ) in this video and britain is immensely diverse so why not other ethnicities as well ? 
  because it has a political agenda . 
  so , either the purpose of all this is to portray * chavs * or any other undereducated class as racist bigots and we all know that issue is due to poor education paired with economic difficulties . 
  this should be obvious to everyone . 
  or this is to show how targeted muslims really are . 
  in other words , victimization . 
  which is irresponsible because it merely fuels the current cultural clash , the so called multiculturalism that is never even mentioned here as you say . 
  a clash that i believe can exist without racism or without the racist card being drawn . 
  keep devaluing the concept of racism like this and when it occurs widely nobody will care . 
  it is horrible what happens in this video but to be really shocking is to show this happening in other strata of british society and with other ethnicities . 
  the british are generally not racist , quite the opposite , and this video begs to generalizations . 
  something should be done though . 
  sensitize those people although these times are not the most favorable . 
   there were no cultures colliding . 
  cultures are colliding and racism is not the cause or an issue . 
  gross legal incompatibilities are . 
  racism keeps getting called for lack of better argumentation skills . 
   it was just some horrible racist pricks going after whoever they could identify as different . 
  perfect interpretation . 
  now just spin a little more and ask why now and why like this . 
   the racist fucks are the problem , not the presence of people for them to hate . 
  these will always be a problem , and will always exist , even more so during economical crisis . 
  again the naivety . 
  current demographics indicate that muslims could become a majority in some countries in little over 100 years time . 
  but those growth vectors and rates are worthless , as they change all the time for various reasons . 
  besides , one should question that kind of data , because it is illegal to ask ethnicity or religion in any questionnaire . 
  this whole issue reeks . 
  there is a completely false video of dutch origin that says muslims will outnumber the rest of us in a couple of generations . 
  it is n't true and is poorly based . 
  but if the trend continues and it wo n't , it would take well over 100 years . 
  islam , as well as judaism , have specific passages in their holy books regarding their home state . 
  one calls for the creation of the [ ummah ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ummah ) and we can interpret this however we like it ( it is religion ) and the other calls for hegemonic power of the land of israel or [ tzion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zion ) , currently labeled as zionism and criticized for expansionism and apartheid . 
  if islam becomes a majority , most of us wo n't be around anymore . 
  good luck to them . 
  but we 've seen this happen recently with kosovo . 
  extrapolate at your own perils . 
  yes , they/we can be very emotional . 
  i hold two degrees , one in an area of arts and another in finance , so it can be rather conflicting . 
  i deal with many artists and see the outcry in blogs and fb posts . 
  i welcome ms. merkel as i welcome every other freely elected leader . 
  it 's a great opportunity to show her and make her understand the failure of her prescribed `` scorched earth austerity '' and the vast consequences it is having on our society and economy . 
  but i doubt our government will even bring up these issues being that they 're a bunch of sadistic ideologues with little or no work/government experience . 
  they 're not even lousy technocrats ... 
  however disgusting this is , and it definitely is , this is also victimization 101 . 
  i did not see the whole story , as this is just a part , but it would look bad on the news channel not pointing out the underlying reasons for this type of discrimination , which is poor or no education and socioeconomic hardship/exclusion . 
  british have * chavs * and in portugal we have * gunas * . 
  i 'm sure other countries have their own . 
  and no matter who you send into those ghettos of underprivileged and under-educated thugs , they 're likely to be abused by whatever outward display of anything that is not like them . 
  be it a hijab or a pair of red pants . 
  if i do n't have the backing of a red pants community to rally with it 's difficult for me to vocalize my offense . 
  i 'd merely cry alone . 
  this adds little to solve the problem of multiculturalism . 
  the idea here seems akin to legitimize the actions of the muslim hardliners , when in fact , the reasons behind both parts are quite different in nature , one is of religious nature and the other is cultural and economical . 
  solve the problem by not dumping money into defense or banks and instead put it into educating the people and allow them to prosper . 
  extremist islam is still a problem for britain and europe . 
  whoever believes otherwise will probably live to regret it . 
  bring on the downvotes . 
  you seem to have got it wrong . 
  lamarckism is a failed theory . 
  although it seems common sense it is n't . 
  parents who are accountants do n't spawn children with accounting tendencies , at least not biologically ( only culturally ) . 
  this is to destroy that notion that learnt behavior is passed on and that there is a world of difference in those two theories . 
  darwinism is about random mutations being passed on only if they give advantage or are not deleterious to the individual and by natural selection ( survival of the fittest ) . 
  lamarckism is bullshit , despite still being widely perceived as truth , even in the 21st century . 
  ask him to define what is `` natural '' and then what `` social bias '' is . 
  after that , have a talk about sexuality in the ancient world and how the abrahamic religions shaped society . 
  then you should talk about the kinsey report and about viewing sexuality as a spectrum instead of something of fixed boundaries . 
  while you 're at it , explain to him the differences between lamarckism and darwinism . 
  these are all subjects that should be forcibly taught as early as prep school . 
  if they were , i doubt the issue of sexuality would be as hyped as it is . 
  sexuality is grossly overrated and makes our species look really primitive . 
  i exaggerated off course for pseudo-comedic value , but penguins are the staple for animal gay behavior . 
  it has been documented by biologists . 
  [ same-sex individuals mate for life and refuse to pair with females when given the chance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homosexual_behavior_in_animals ) . 
  in fact , there are no species where homosexual behavior has n't been observed . 
  worried ? 
  lets not act surprised here . 
  in 2009 , [ a poll ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2009/may/07/muslims-britain-france-germany-homosexuality ) pretty much summed up the value added to our society by the muslim faction . 
  this value is negative off course . 
  * `` the most dramatic contrast was found in attitudes towards homosexuality . 
  none of the 500 british muslims interviewed believed that homosexual acts were morally acceptable . 
  1,001 non-muslim britons were interviewed . 
  * * by comparison , 35 % of french muslims found homosexual acts to be acceptable . 
  a question on pornography also elicited different reactions , with french and german muslims more likely than british muslims to believe that watching or reading pornography was morally acceptable . 
  * * on the issue of sexual relations between unmarried men and women , general populations surveyed express similar views , with the majority believing it was acceptable . 
  but the muslim populations polled again reflected greater diversity on the matter . 
  french muslims ranked highest again , with 48 % believing it was acceptable , followed by 27 % of german muslims responding favorably . 
  british muslims came last , with only 3 % of those questioned personally believing that sex between unmarried men and women was moral .
