  and let 's face it , the french army can easily crush such movements . 
  besides , these two emerging nations they can very well become independent without those french territories . 
  journalism has been dying here as well , if it is n't dead already !, 
  it 's decaying smell invites unimaginable levels of government corruption . 
  it would be hard for any army to occupy the whole of catalonia . 
  and they do n't need to occupy catalonia . 
  just some key areas . 
  first they 'd deal with catalonia 's armed forces/police and `` occupy '' it 's parliament , replacing politicians and key personal with spanish loyalists . 
  after that , they 'd just need to make a few examples here and there out of some persistent rebels to prove their point and most people would submit for the sake of their families and way of life . 
  having a slight ego trip , eh paul ? 
  what are the odds of this actually happening without military action ? 
  without breaking spain further , such as the basques and galiza ? 
  i 'm surprised by the political tact the basques are showing . 
  they are biding their time . 
  but i suspect spain 's rightmost wing wo n't allow it . 
  the higher military wo n't allow it . 
  and it could spill over the border , into my country . 
  if that happens , what will european union be willing to do ? 
  and what if spain withdraws as member ? 
  it 's a lot of if 's . 
  somehow i do n't see a pretty outcome for any . 
  and a europe federalization wo n't happen anytime soon , if ever !, 
  the most perfect of composers . 
  i think the eu can put up a good sized army fairly quickly if needed . 
  great , beats going duck hunting !, 
  greyed out comments everywhere !, 
  welcome to / r/europe . 
  great , now fill that with water !, 
  edit : what ? 
  do n't you think they need a bath ?? 
  2nd edit : / r/europe has no sense of humor !, 
  besides , this is an old portuguese joke !, 
  which i will tell of course ... 
  here goes : so , a portuguese and a spanish guy were walking down a beach , when one of them kicks a lamp . 
  suddenly , a genie sprouts out of the lamp and grants each of them a wish . 
  the spanish goes first and says : * - i want a strong wall built around my country , barring foreigners from entering . 
  we 're sick of portuguese , moroccans , french and all these other retards coming in and weakening our superior race . 
  * your wish is my command !, 
  said the genie and * puff * , the wall was erected.now it was the portuguese guy 's turn to wish . 
  he said to the genie : * - how strong is that wall ? 
  * * - nothing on earth can destroy it !, 
  * said the genie . 
  * - and how tall is it ? 
  * he asked . 
  * - as tall as the highest building in all of spain !, 
  * replied the genie . 
  * - great , now fill it to the top with water !, 
  * wished the portuguese . 
  jejejejejejej apologies to my spanish friends . 
  it 's nothing but a harmless joke . 
  a european army would mirror the dissent between member states . 
  and they would do this with no diplomatic tact or restraints , leading to further weakness and division . 
  this is hardly the time for it , economically , politically or socially . 
  wait for better times or a serious escalation/military threat . 
  yeah , sociopathic people that belong in jail . 
  how many more negative trimesters ? 
  well , as many as it takes . 
  it 's been profitable for them so far . 
  it 's insane . 
  even in the economic gutter , the greeks somehow still have to honor all that corrupt lobbyed for military hardware , overpriced and now with pornographical interest rates attached . 
  it 's like the eu 's regulation is non-existant . 
  * there was a dream that was europe . 
  you could only whisper it . 
  anything more than a whisper and it would vanish , it was so fragile . 
  * no , these days i 'm not feeling very european . 
  ridiculous map . 
  once those foreign-born settle and spawn , their offspring count as natives first generation citizens . 
  would be nice to see this map showing stats from shorter than 3 generations . 
  but that would be potentially discriminating and illegal . 
  a problem for all peripheral countries of europe and not just those from the eastern bloc . 
  getting elected with western support/sympathy despite islamic brotherhood fears ; people full of hope ; morsi then tries to hijack constitution so as to rule without having to answer to courts or law , change rhetoric and start spewing delirious islamist bullshit and setting crosshairs on israel . 
  people begin noticing and protesting how hard and undemocratic it 's going to be under his rule . 
  they get their asses kicked and many are killed in the protests . 
  meanwhile the tyrant remains in office . 
  it 's a difficult choice i know , but you got to admit that it 's very easy to destabilize any form of government these days . 
  not only through your basic distorted populist rhetoric but also fowl play , scandals that do n't even relate to governance and simply raising suspicions . 
  it 's tempting to those with interests to safeguard . 
  i do n't think he 'd pull a mohammed morsi on italy though . 
  if croatia joins , serbia has to as well . 
  if not , then what is that other magic plan to bring peace to the balkans ? 
  provoke them and then have nato bomb them into a pulp ? 
  any independent candidate with no strings over his head and no corporate clientele list to please would get my vote . 
  how to be portuguese in 1 easy step : feel depressed and negative about everything !, 
  except maybe football . 
  why not send people to a meat grinder and later sell them in lasagnas ? 
  i 'm sure there 's a profit there the banks have n't thought about . 
  an european army would mirror the dissent between member states . 
  and they would do this with no diplomatic tact or restraints , leading to further weakness and division . 
  this is hardly the time for it , economically , politically or socially . 
  wait for better times or a serious escalation or threat . 
  wine from the alentejo in portugal . 
  [ here ] ( http://penedogordo.com/ ) , you ca n't go wrong with this one . 
  your argumentative skills are quite sophisticated . 
  hauling icebergs from whatever is left of the arctic or antarctica will not come cheap and will be a business sometime soon . 
  providing for farms and industries will not come cheap in a world awashed in corruption and with a serious global aquifer crisis , overpopulation and climate change . 
  now for a rant ... abundancy is what created conditions for democracy and all this technological and personal freedoms growth . 
  that is over now . 
  we europeans have already tasted the end of our colonial legacy and soon the globalized world will implode along with the resources we need to survive . 
  face it . 
  this is likely the end of the anthropocene .
