  it effectively controls the european economy and blocks any threat to this hegemony . 
  the south does n't control anything , perhaps who it will target first in their imposed austerity . 
  investment has stopped . 
  borrowing is much too expensive and unsustainable . 
  no options left other that give away it 's assets and still get no control over things in the end . 
  it 's a massacre . 
  at least with currencies , we could devalue and return to competitive levels . 
  this way we get no prospect . 
  this is an academic view . 
  it 's painfully obvious yet denied and shun from the media or the political discourse . 
  bailouts occur because power and influence dictate it , not market delusions of protection . 
  risky investments with high yields imply risk . 
  there simply is n't risks involved . 
  it 's a win win . 
  bleeding the eu taxpayer and sending bad messages . 
  having done business with german companies , the credit lines they hold are absurdly good . 
  you ca n't miss profit or good business with 1 to 2 % credit lines . 
  some even lower than that . 
  the german state actively sponsors this . 
  privatization of monopolies and key sectors of society is a disaster and leads to rising costs , which choke the economy further . 
  the academia should read the many examples of this . 
  it 's not salvation . 
  besides , germany should do it themselves as example . 
  why do n't they ? 
  because they know !, 
  and because this way , they get to scoop up these resources at garage sale costs and further profit themselves . 
  germany should leave the eu or we should break away . 
  i do n't want to remain part of this union . 
  we do n't share the same interests and we do n't even respect each other . 
  it 's bad for us now and if we leave , it will be worse for a short while . 
  but in less than a decade we 'll bounce back . 
  we have the resources to make it on our own . 
  we 're not the mediocrity germans and northerners decry at every chance they get . 
  so , germans have no ethnocentric views towards southern europe ? 
  it does n't influence at all their external policies ? 
  do n't they cater to their own economic interests even if it clearly has destructive influence over periphery of the union ? 
  do n't they lobby and bully their own agendas that favor them and condemn the rest ? 
  has n't their economy largely benefited from the euro and the prolonging of the sovereign debt crisis ? 
  were n't their own banks the ones most invested in southern sovereign debt , which was very profitable ( 40 % rates ) , despite a haircut even , and to which they pressured for a bailout and was never really a risk ? 
  were n't these banks the ones most exposed to the wall street debacle of 2008 , prompting eu sovereign debt crisis as a way to recoup massive losses ? 
  are n't german companies delighted with the low wage highly skilled labor workforce influx from southern migrants put to work in their industries ? 
  are n't they out-competing southern and peripheral companies simply by affording credit lines , while native companies get usurious rates or no credit at all ? 
  is n't germany pressuring for mass privatization of essential sectors in southern countries , while they themselves do n't do that ? 
  germany is the architect of eu 's destruction . 
  they are too big and too powerful to coexist with , inside a eu . 
  this is no union , this is german empire and i do n't want to be part of it . 
  i 'm european and do n't want germany to win . 
  netherlands , you 're our last hope . 
  i know we 've had our differences , but you ca n't let this smug bunch win . 
  ( yeah , i do n't think argentina will cut it ), 
  many in portugal are becoming against this federation . 
  if i were a conformist , i would . 
  but i see the need for dialogue here and sharing different views on relevant european issues . 
  not all opposing views are expressed , due to no people following reddiquette , these are thrown completely out the window and the german viewpoint is often , if not always , imposed around here . 
  the whole germanic/nordic poster boys for unquestionable sophistication and that are never wrong about anything , is very frightening . 
  having north-americans playing a big part in this is also a bit strange , i view southern europe as under-represented here , not just in numbers , which we ca n't really do anything about it , but in visible comments . 
  i 'd like to view published stats about this also . 
  what posts represent most karma in r/europe ? 
  what nationalities post more often ? 
  this is obviously to address the many empty accusations that i 'm an r/niggers or r/stormfront or r/whiterights or whatever , organizing raids in this sub . 
  i think the opposite is what happens . 
  hoards of a certain nationality blatantly aplply censorship to submitions and organize downvotes en masse against what they do n't agree with . 
  to be fair , the entire [ macaronesia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macaronesia ) should be portuguese . 
  we began colonization there as early as in the 1300 's . 
  i would like to be mod too . 
  i 'm an euskeptic opposing mindless immigration and cultural relativism 's . 
  i 'm also very suspicious of german politik which i see as having xenophobic roots and destroying the periphery for their own agenda . 
  to many here , this equates to tinfoilery and being a racist stormfronter . 
  all things that have gotten me banned previously . 
  who 's with me ? 
  friends of olivenza resolution asking the king of the `` dispute '' over 200 years situation cause `` unease and distrust between the two iberian states '' and `` must be overcome '' . 
  kings of spain spent the day in portugal portuguese church of olivenza voted `` best corner in spain '' the group of friends of olivenza wants king philip iv of spain , who is visiting portugal , sensitize the madrid government to resolve the dispute between the two iberian states . 
  speaking to lusa , the group 's chairman said olivenza the question remains unresolved , because portugal does not recognize spanish sovereignty over that territory . 
  castanhinho according to fernando , the idea is to remind territorial `` dispute '' that exists between portugal and spain for 200 years . 
  `` as we all know , the portuguese state does not recognize the ` espanholidade ' ( spanishness ) of olivenza and refuses to demarcate the common border between the two countries on the section of the guadiana river that corresponds to the territory of olivenza `` he said . 
  fernando castanhinho reminded that the dispute concerned `` malaise and mistrust between the two iberian states `` and '' must be overcome '' . 
  `` whenever a spanish head of state comes to the issue of olivenza portugal should be discussed between the two countries . 
  as this is the first time the new king of spain comes to portugal , it is imperative to remember that this litigation could affect the good relationship between the two states , `` he said . 
  president of the group of friends of olivenza also urged the president of the republic , cavaco silva , to address this monday to issue with the new head of state of spain , `` so that one day olivenza is returned to portugal . '', 
  for more info on this issue : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olivenza, 
  a multipolar world is always much more belligerent . 
  pax americana is over , along with the dwindling natural resources of the planet . 
  we should prepare or expect for increasing conflicts . 
  how can you say the border between russia and china is a settled issue ? 
  far from it . 
  in fact , there are treaties expiring in the coming years . 
  southern siberia is absolutely essential to china . 
  it holds the soil and natural resources to sustain the inevitable exodus of their massive population , due to pollution and other environmental issues . 
  he was being racist and oppressing poor swedish muslims . 
  the fact speeches are being made on behalf of the european people , and addressed to a german leader , is clear evidence of what 's wrong with europe today . 
  that bezos character is a real scumbag . 
  i hope he gets railed in taxes and fines . 
  even if there were no issues between anyone , i 'm still very much pro regionalization . 
  we desperately need a higher degree of self-determination in the many regions , or risk cultural , social and even infrastructural collapse . 
  one word to you my friend - regionaliza\u00e7\u00e3o . 
  completely agreed . 
  there is stuff going on that would surprise even the conspiratards . 
  i 'm also starting to notice a lot of vicious stuff in reddit itself . 
  not the community mind you , as it should mirror society at large , but the intertwining of admins/mods and corporate and government abusers . 
  would you like to [ know more ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/moosearchive/comments/1wflhm/archive/cf1iimh ) ?
