  at the very least it showcases the stupidity and helps educate opinions . 
  we risk taking nothing out of reddit and succumb to a majority dictatorship . 
  kierkgaard said it best ... the minority is usually right and fighting with the help of reason . 
  ( and please do n't distort this into favoring the religious or ethnic neolithic fucktards hellbent on going back to the middle ages ), 
  also in portugal . 
  edit : unfuckingbelievable . 
  the bias some buthurt individuals ... downvoting a simple statement mentioning the illegality of denying the holocaust in my country . 
  it 's true . 
  but it gets mindless hateful downvotes . 
  i do n't think it either . 
  what disturbs me is the double standards and ludicrous justification put forth by the court when comparing the armenian genocide to the holocaust . 
  and further more , it 's disturbing to see a country behaving so immaturely about this issue . 
  it looks bad and makes any person question if other motives are grounded in reality or are they just purely emotional rantings . 
  erdogan is an immature thug , who behaves like a thug and should be voted out of office . 
  if he stays , then turkey is clearly unfit for joining the eu . 
  they can keep their high growth economy . 
  we should value conscience before money . 
  a lesson we 'll probably have to re-learn the hard way again . 
  in other words , you acknowledge the eu wo n't stand up for portuguese interests . 
  and if they conflict with other larger countries interests , then we 'll just have to accept our weakness and resign ourselves . 
  what is the point in staying in such a union ? 
  if we can even call it a union . 
  it 's high school group dynamics . 
  it 's undemocratic . 
  it 's aking to bullying smaller countries into submission and creating dependencies . 
  we lost much of our sovereignty , we are loosing most of our assets . 
  entire monopolies of precious resources gobbled up by unscrupulous open market speculators . 
  we were fed like animals on a farm , oblivious to the coming slaughter . 
  now it 's total panic . 
  we have no currency of our own and no control over our economy . 
  we are steadily being privatized and dismantled in favor of foreign corporate interests , intimately tied to lobbies in the bigger countries . 
  these same companies have better interest rates and easily outcompete portuguese ones . 
  monopolies are being handed over wholesale to unscrupulous foreign interests , such as the chinese , which are not really private but nationalized towards china . 
  the eu dislikes state participation in companies , but welcomes chinese state controlled companies to come in and take over . 
  totally corrupt . 
  the countries of this union cannibalize each other with different taxing systems , very asymmetrical irc , vat and other taxations . 
  not to mention the offshore business . 
  tell me , you really think reason should continue to be thrown out the window in favor of the strongest countries with the strongest lobbies ? 
  `` and some things that should not have been forgotten were lost . 
  history became legend . 
  legend became myth ... '', 
  tl ; dr if you want to play genocides , make sure you hide or destroy all evidences and deny/discredit all witnesses . 
  drag it in courts if necessary until said witnesses die of old age . 
  my favorite part of this article : the court drew a distinction between the armenian case and appeals it has rejected against convictions for denying the nazi german holocaust against the jews during world war two . 
  `` in those cases , the plaintiffs had denied sometimes very concrete historical facts such as the existence of gas chambers , '' the court said . 
  `` they denied crimes committed by the nazi regime that had a clear legal basis . 
  furthermore , the facts they denied had been clearly been established by an international tribunal . '', 
  in other words , the european court is a joke or at the very least seriously impaired . 
  armenians have been judged 2 ^ nd tier humans to much turkish delight as this would sit bad in the history books . 
  i would suggest this european court would issue a manual in genocides or in it 's selective juridical discriminations , or just how to lobby genocide out of the history books . 
  it would be a best seller . 
  itt : people downvoting opinions they disagree with . 
  yes , i do . 
  i no longer view the eu as a benevolent entity . 
  it was once that , but it 's now under corporate and banking yoke . 
  serving irrational and greedy interests or only a few groups of countries . 
  and not to mention the complete lack of voice small countries have in most matters . 
  unbelievable . 
  it 's not just the principle that is wrong . 
  this is money that 'll be used against eu interests , in a time when there is n't enough to go around inside the eu . 
  and you simply can not trust israel or palestine . 
  they deserve each other for electing religious extremists on both sides , being belligerent and disrespecting human life , putting more value in land and religious rights than in people 's lives . 
  this is dragging out for so long that i forgot or do n't care who started what . 
  that god damn wall they 're building should be built around it , be 100 meters high and encircle all of them inside . 
  this party is set to last , trust me . 
  and i was n't speaking only of segregation . 
  i was addressing the many cultural issues and rampant misogyny , homophobia , honor killings , violence towards children , etc. 
  one would expect it would tone down as generations became acostumed to the new country and the new ways . 
  that 's not what is happening . 
  in general , things are becoming more extreme and more unreasonable . 
  i believe it to be a disservice to said communities , to keep on shielding them from the necessary adjustments . 
  you give russia too much credit . 
  i agree russia poses a serious danger and is set to become a liability . 
  it 's an aging country with growing issues of corruption , drugs , religious radicalism ( islam of course ) and is spread too thin while bordering many demographical giants that can not be contained and are on course to provoke russia . 
  so , a despairing russia can be a big problem to the planet . 
  reality struck . 
  it 's not easily approachable by media . 
  it 's absolutely disgusting some subjects are n't picked up by the media , most notably the bbc in the uk . 
  it happens because it would spark fierce criticism from religious groups . 
  even when the law is brutally violated , there is a strong shadow helping the perpetrators . 
  big media falls prey to this because they are big and aim to please and profit . 
  and they have a worldwide audience and reporters who would become under serious threat , economically and physical . 
  and this is the same shadow that lobbies towards these minorities , lobbies towards victimization , demands positive discrimination , cultural relativisms and even judicial protection . 
  the `` race '' card is a serious as ever . 
  think about it . 
  you can make jokes with jesus christ , moses , abraham and whatnot . 
  if you picture mohammed in some silly sketch then it gets insane . 
  you and your family are now suddenly at risk of getting beheaded or blown up . 
  tl ; dr serious media are tied and refuse to pick up these subjects out of fear of reprisals , condemnation and also so as to not fuel more social tension . 
  even when there is n't a place for them ? 
  something like very high employability or high populational density ? 
  and how do you protect the culture , language and other national idiosyncrasies . 
  thats a poorly thought out statement . 
  somewhere between autistical liberalism and social darwinism . 
  by that logic , asia could conquer the world in a few centuries . 
  they have the demographics , the chinese sure have the academic performance . 
  their own governments already subsidize their expansion , due to high demographics and need to extend influence economically . 
  imagine if they start exporting people , which is something many already accuse them of doing ... 
  this is the end result of turkish clandestine networks . 
  who are operating under the guise of the turkish government .
