  it 's an extreme political ideology incompatible with modern civilization and it will subdue the world or die tying . 
  you 're correct . 
  but the `` misguidance '' you mention has at its core some pretty hateful religious scripture . 
  and do n't even deny it is a major influence in cultural habits and politics . 
  he 's not white , so he wo n't be prosecuted . 
  it 's called risk . 
  the bigger the interest rate , the higher the risk of not getting paid . 
  besides , german banks have already profited long and deep from southern european misery . 
  time they get those claws from around my country . 
  if push comes to shove , no one trusts germany . 
  only a blind man would trust germany right now . 
  and it goes beyond typical germanic arrogance . 
  the germans ( their governments , as i do n't want to engage in anti-germanic sentiment ) have an agenda . 
  they 're positioning themselves strategically and they show no respect for other countries . 
  on their behalf , i do acknowledge they do protect and privilege their own industries and citizens . 
   there is a trend to seek simple , familiar narratives when looking at exterior events this is a global phenomenon . 
  and goes in counter-cycle with the amount of information available to the people . 
  the aim to politically please the common denominator will sentence us to a tragedy of the commons . 
  demagoguery is rampant , as is the lack of fresh political alternatives . 
  any new comer will either be labeled radical or ridiculed for not being loved by this `` system '' . 
  the way i see this , this is a system that will break down spectacularly very soon . 
  politically and economically , we are mostly thinking short term and with no regards to consequences or future problems . 
  it 's a consequence of the economical system . 
  a system that starts breaking down if perpetual-growth even so much as slows or stalls . 
  political cycles are also too long and too ineffective . 
  society ca n't adapt . 
  legislation ca n't adapt . 
  markets and financing ca n't adapt . 
  we 're doomed to become the stereotypes we joke about . 
  in this case , the islamist threat is real and a common denominator . 
  decades of education are being reversed by the thug erdogan and his populism . 
  but hey , it 's democracy . 
  let 's just hope the turks do n't deny having chosen this path and doing nothing about it . 
  a few countries in europe boarded the same train and to an extent , they refuse to acknowledge or own up to their responsibilities . 
  the army may be the last secular holdout in turkey . 
  it sure would be funny to learn their tax returns and welfare status . 
  illegal but funny . 
  man , it 's really easy to rustle some jimmies on finnish buses . 
  we southerners should make it a tourist thing . 
  go up there and greet the living daylights out of those heavy coffee drinkers . 
  the nordic poster boys for social liberties ... falling , one at a time ... how rotten indeed is the kingdom of denmark . 
  europe is owned by wall street through german banks proxies . 
  these have bought hard and deep into the wall street bs and ca n't or wo n't protect european interests . 
  it is obvious we 're not prepared for it . 
  we are failing integration and monetary union . 
  we disagree a lot , are very undemocratic and are also too corrupted to legislate in favor of the people . 
  it would essentially be a federal belligerent super state in favor of protecting corporate and banking interests , much like the us . 
  so , no thank you . 
  although we 'd be stronger in asserting our strategic interests before russian federation , china , japan and the us and other emerging alliances . 
  but there is rampant corruption in the eu . 
  and rampant economic favoring of the same countries who are happily sacrificing other countries just to make a quick profit . 
  no iberia ? 
  c'mon ... you could alternatively start in the french riviera and do the entire coastline of spain , portugal and end in northern spain . 
  beautiful weather , living costs and people . 
  very low crime rate . 
  if you prefer the balkans ( which are as beautiful ) but decide to go into turkey , you 'll just be risking a lot lot more . 
  completely biased questions . 
  and i very much doubt the anonimity issue . 
  i had a go at it and the survey kept pulling cookie data from me . 
  what gives ? 
  but they 're not treated the same !, 
  if i pulled any of their antics , i 'd be thrown in jail or worse . 
  is that democracy to you ? 
  maybe the law should make it clear that to get citizenship you must not commit violent crimes or indulge in illegal practices or even the spread of religious hatred . 
  a few decades of probation would suffice . 
  i 'd deport them to antarctica if needed . 
  let the cold and the penguins deal with the savages . 
  but loves bullies and jihadist nuts . 
  relevant username . 
  itt : people eager to be denounce racists because they are too coward to denounce persistent and backwards cultural practices and an uncomfortable majority of religious extremists who would love nothing more than to silent them or chop their heads off if given the chance . 
  for the glory of islam , of course . 
  nobody rallies against radical islam . 
  nobody rallies for the religious hate victims . 
  or the honor crimes , or the ones buried alive or thrown acid at . 
  no one rallies for freedom of speech and freedom of press . 
  but they rally to support the right to insist on backwards traditions . 
  an exercise in self-victimization . 
  a twist of morality . 
  double standards and oppression . 
  the right to be misogynistic and homophobic . 
  to perceive foreign cultures and traditions as privileged and immune to the law . 
  the right to punish your children , arrange their weddings and even force them into sexual slavery . 
  yeah , that 's all good . 
  or maybe it 's because of the immense fear and cowardice in tackling islamist goons . 
  the cherry on top of this , is that it was n't even a neonazi who did it . 
  it was a radical leftist multikulti loving group that did the stabbing . 
  southern europe is basically a bunch of morons with nothing but demeaning qualities . 
  northerners are basically the best of europe . 
  here 's a more fitting , but still very stupid stereotype : northerners are ethnocentric arrogants who loathe and despise their fellow southern neighbors . 
  time for my lazy siesta while weeping with nostalgia . 
  my kids never used the word and i ca n't imagine them saying it . 
  `` daaad , mohammed 's islamofascist dad threatened to behead you and mom if you do n't walk around more clothed . '', 
  `` my teacher is a feminazi bitch !, 
  but i saw her sucking off mohammed 's dad in the parking lot . '', 
  plot twist , muslims will use it for paintball purposes . 
  yes , quite the setback !, 
  you 've called me an ignorant and now a fascist . 
  why is that ? 
  i failed to see how i am a fascist . 
  i 'm thinking words and meanings are devoid of any sense to you .
