  they do n't even try to hide it anymore . 
  exit the eu gains appeal . 
  we need more civil movements and new political leadership . 
  the current parties in parliament are despised in general . 
  all corrupt . 
  all in bed with each other . 
  i 'm seeing that idea of a benevolent germany being questioned massively . 
  in fact , it 's not suspicion anymore as it is devolving into intense dislike . 
  even if there is n't a diabolical plan , which i doubt , at the very least there is a tacit pact of violence against the south and the east among the corporate/banking north . 
  now this naturally and regularly arises from any of those ethnocentric countries . 
  nevertheless , there 's still the obvious lack of incentive to prevent this and even out the fiscal discrepancies of the eu zone . 
  if germany is fine during the crisis , and if germany gains even more power , given that it influences all major eu policies or at the very least can block/stall any ones it opposes . 
  why should germany change anything ? 
  they 're growing richer as others suffer . 
  perhaps then the ridiculous name german empire notion should in fact apply . 
  the periphery controls nothing . 
  certainly not our currency , not even our spending anymore . 
  it 's all imposed . 
  like cows giving away their last pounds of flesh . 
  eventually to be thrown out . 
  reality is indeed complicated . 
  i say we simplify things and get out of the eu while there is time . 
  the welcoming government obviously . 
  otherwise , like i said , there 's a perverted interest to keep dire financial conditions in those countries . 
  brain-drainage is affecting our ability to recover . 
  more than 8 % have left the country since 2008 . 
  well , if it ai n't mature of you to start the ad hominem instead of counterpointing what was presented . 
  the european union should change it 's name to german empire . 
  it really does make for a great comic book villain , does n't it ? 
  reality is always stranger than fiction . 
  there is n't any discipline in regards to our currency crisis . 
  every minister and their mothers voiced their opinions in the media , causing interest rates to sky rocket . 
  phase 2 of the german-centric europe . 
  not satisfied with cheap labor , they now want highly skilled cheap labor . 
  no wonder the sovereign debt crisis drags on . 
  it 's not just the natural resources , monopolies and aggressive privatizations at garage sale prices . 
  now it 's the massive education investment the periphery did with it 's young people , now completely reverting to benefit germany and benefit german companies . 
  my prime-minister does n't do anything against german interests . 
  in fact , he changes his mind radically upon demands of berlin ( eurobonds for example ) . 
  does anybody here actually believe we could ever legislate or voice ourselves against german interests , even when they clearly go against reason and our own interests ? 
  what will it take to make people see this as completely unacceptable ? 
  phase 3 will likely see the complete privatization of health , education and pensions in those countries . 
  all those years of contributing will likely be handed over to them . 
  if they want foreign skilled workers , they should compensate the countries of origin . 
  ladies and gentleman , erdogan the thug . 
  she 's certainly one of the * wurst * we could have right now in europe . 
  yet germany will openly criticize smaller countries for this same behavior . 
  for their handling of minorities , like gypsies and muslims , accusing them of discrimination . 
  for their handling of the borders , immigration centers , such as those spain , italy and greece . 
  germany being germany , i guess . 
  i say we forward all illegal migrants prompt into germany . 
  build high speed infrastructure for it , if necessary . 
  it 's such a despairing and polarizing matter that humor is the only sane way of addressing it . 
  i agree with pat . 
  we 're failing to acknowledge the cultural chasm between muslim societies , with completely opposing sets of values , and western society . 
  these idealists deny there is a problem and are indeed doubling down on importing muslims from war torn countries . 
  while noble in principle , it will fail spectacularly and scar swedish society . 
  not only because of it being a sudden cultural shock , but these cultures will not integrate but will instead seek to override any existing culture . 
  yeah , i hear they call it the balkan soup these days . 
  brilliant . 
  an all too abused `` law '' in this sub . 
  yes . 
  islam is comprised of people , therefore people are the problem , not islam . 
  apologetic insanity . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  patriarchy is present in most if not all religions . 
  certainly the abrahamic ones . 
  stop apologizing for islam or over simplifying things . 
  it 's obvious a complex matter and derives from a good number of factors . 
  your line of reasoning implies it can be easily countered or diluted in western society , when all evidence points that it ca n't and that the issue is deep rooted in communities and is largely responsible for poor integration , unhappiness and conflict . 
  this reasoning is wrong and is what contributes to an open door immigration problem . 
  you 'll be facing problems that will make the gaza strip rebellions look like a birthday party . 
  and expect them to intensify over the coming decade . 
  this is a sick joke being pulled on free speech . 
  so , we ca n't be critical of anything without citing proof , however extensive it may be ? 
  that suddenly turns every place of conversation into a courtroom . 
  but i 'm going to say this probably only applies to islam . 
  sweden , enjoy the islamofascist revolution that is coming . 
  it would if someone were to fill the inner side of the wall with water . 
  / joke forgive me but this is a long standing joke in my country in regards to spain . 
  i meant no genocidal tendencies . 
  i hope my country 's worthy of the same scoffing attitude . 
  enjoy your eu debacle . 
  the ideal headline would be `` portugal formally exits its eurozone ~ ~ bailout ~ ~ this weekend '' yeah yeah , downvote . 
  do just that , because people who make a living from the internet are usually more attentive to these issues . 
  like i said above , placing all your eggs in one basket just makes you a vulnerable fool . 
  all that `` do no evil '' ethos is silly ear candy . 
  it all comes down to money . 
  for now , google has plenty , but if things change , either the economy or just new executive blood is brought in . 
  what can we do then ? 
  what 's the percentage of users with google as their main account ? 
  probably higher than 70 % , but i leave it as suggestion for the periodic questionnaire . 
  if you were into adsense , video units and seo/monetization , you 'd have come across them . 
  many lives have been destroyed this way . 
  or they 'd suspend my google account effectively locking me out of my files , my documents , mails , contacts , etc. 
  and it would n't matter appealing because there would be nobody caring . 
  it would n't take much , given the legal swamp of copyrighted material . 
  maybe a song you have on your account . 
  some image you should n't host . 
  or some skewed search you are alleged to have made .
