  we should part ways . 
  this is also why i would n't mind sending more and more bus loads of mediterranean immigrants onto germany , while this union lasts . 
  see how quickly it would loose patience and stop with the false idealistic moral high-ground , lecturing the southern countries on human rights and immigrant handling . 
  how quickly it would reveal it 's true nature and good ol' german efficiency . 
  you 're the one bringing up nazis in a smirkful manner . 
  you should be downvoted . 
  but surprise surprise , it was n't me . 
  i hardly downvote things . 
  as for the actual discussion , i actually believe that applies to the whole planet . 
  call me a radical leftist , but i 'm strongly opposed to big capital , big wealth , big countries , big corporations , big banks . 
  in my view , it just begs for trouble and bullying around . 
  if everyone has a more equal footing , the benefits would be immense . 
  oh , you did `` not see '' that coming ? 
  you must think yourself as very smart . 
  because germany is a ethnocentric chauvinistic culture . 
  even if that is denied with a passion these days or even made illegal . 
  but that feeling is not necessarily bad , as it gives them goals to strive for . 
  they want to outdo everyone and make their country the best . 
  if not for atonement , then for nationalist love however closeted . 
  and they go out of their way to benefit their own . 
  we see this with their companies and industries . 
  one could compare these aspects of germany to those of israel , albeit israels is a much more aggressive nation . 
  the problem is when things start to get out of control . 
  when they start political manipulation and creating dangerous settings outside their borders . 
  i mean , all countries try to do this , but the balance of power and this natural german predisposition is creating huge problems . 
  it creates them because other powers are not opposing them and because the common good is not the goal here , profit is . 
  and also because other countries are not banding together to stop their own economic slaughter . 
  and that is the result of politics of submission . 
  using wealth to influence the governments of smaller countries . 
  creating impossible situations and effectively hijacking entire democracies . 
  they 're simply too big and too powerful to not be a problem . 
  in the same way any country above 50 million people or above a certain gdp is too big not to influence the world to their own benefit . 
  why vote in a european parliament election , when germany gets to legislate and ultimately decide things for it 's own benefit ? 
  if the eu were to succeed , we 'd need regionalization and an end to countries in europe . 
  even out the board and redistribute power . 
  if you do n't want this , then you do n't want certain others to have power and you should question yourself , if you 're xenophobic or not . 
  if you believe certain cultures are `` worthy '' or not . 
  anyone 's entirely allowed to think that , just do n't waste these `` other '' peoples time thinking this `` union '' will ever work out and they will ever get to decide on anything , instead of being bullied around and disenfranchised . 
  the solution is already ` designed ' . 
  soon the southern countries will be so miserable and drained of anything of worth that not even these refugees will want to come here . 
  that and the entire south being booted out of the schengen/euro/eu area . 
  put them all on a bus straight to germany . 
  why are there still any doubts ? 
  capitalism and ethics . 
  now there 's an oxymoron . 
  is this what this sub has come to ? 
  high school level produced videos ? 
  riddled with inaccuracies ? 
  and is n't the guy oversimplifying things a bit too much ? 
  how the hell does this get 50 upvotes ? 
  i can pick at least 5 or 6 submissions from the new section much better in content and that would provide a far more productive discussion . 
  besides the mediterranean diet , it also correlates with the [ wine belt ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l58mz.jpg ) . 
  red wine seems to be healthier to the heart than vodka . 
  i was searching for a coffee consumption map . 
  i have a sneaky suspicion , from memory , that it would correlate as well . 
  someone , please find me that map !, 
  call me paranoid , but extremists rise at the same time greece spain and portugal join the eu . 
  tough german love ... 
  britons making up most of the foreign members in syria 's most violent terror group . 
  who would have predicted it ? 
  no better argument against the eu than this thread . 
  people do n't even agree on disagreeing and are quick to jump to extreme accusations and labels . 
  given all this bitterness mirrors current european society , how can anyone expect this union to work ? 
  what shitty excuses ? 
  i 'm skeptical and with good reasons to . 
  but even if the violence is down on all charts , that in no way clears any of the cultural violence and lawlessness currently brewing in the growing islamic layer of western society . 
  deny it all you want . 
  treating women and children like cattle and enforcing abhorrent medieval practices is n't compatible with modern civilization . 
  what does it take for you to notice this ? 
  does it take someone getting beheaded on the street in the name of islam ? 
  does it take scores of young women being genitally mutilated and branded like cattle ? 
  does it take clerics and imans preaching death to west and `` how to '' terrorist manuals ? 
  does it take a few mosques being a breeding ground for radicalization ? 
  does it take groups of religious patrols enforcing segregation and sexism in universities ? 
  and what about those patrolling the streets threatening those non muslim ? 
  i do admit some of these cases are highly magnified by the media , but still , there 's a growing issue here . 
  these should be totally unacceptable behaviors anywhere !, 
  and if the west had some spine in handling these cases by applying the law and instead of letting itself become pray to the white guilt/racism card . 
  and to much surprise , muslims would stand to benefit the most . 
  if we deported the radical ones and dealt with the perpetrators swiftly , instead of supporting them like that criminal fucktard choudary . 
  it 's this complacent attitude that magnifies problems and invites gross generalizations . 
  if only there were moderate muslims interested in denouncing such foul antisocial behaviors , if only ... 
  i do n't trust those statistics . 
  hospitals do n't report accurately as some muslims tend to avoid them in order not to draw attention . 
  i 'm talking the botched female genital mutilation accounts , acid attacks and other beatings that occur because some psychotic warlord from the 6 ^ th century told them to act that way as a sure way into heaven . 
  i recall the uk having it 's fair share of muslim doctors condoning such practices by actively assisting them outside any legal frame . 
  do n't compare today to the cold war era . 
  it 's obvious there were different problems then . 
  today , a far more disturbing and completely alien problem is the growing radical islamization of society . 
  and it is done under government protection . 
  against the countries interests !, 
  working to set back the clock some 1400 years . 
  do n't compare it to organized unions of workers demanding better pay and living conditions . 
  you have never been near a muslim ghetto . 
  anything suspicious or capable of drawing police attention is avoided at any costs . 
  women and children who get beat up do n't go to a hospital . 
  female genital mutilation victims do n't go to hospitals . 
  even acid attack victims avoid it or at the very least delay it . 
  of course hospitals do n't report it . 
  in france , the situation is so extreme , the banlieues are like small emirates with their own `` hospitals '' , nursing their own according to strict islamic teachings .
