  and if anyone wants to unsubscribe , let them . 
  it 's just another lazy reaction . 
  lazy to the point of not even wanting to downvote , let alone engage the person supposedly being retarded . 
  `` fuck it , i 'm too good for this '' pseudo-elitist drama . 
  and to the supposedly racist agenda , it 's just ridiculous . 
  it 's so obviously mirroring european society and concerns ... how out of touch can one be ? 
  chronic masturbation with the use of pornography is a serious addiction that greatly affects the quality of people 's life 's . 
  alongside with internet ( information ) addiction . 
  perhaps a campaign alerting against these problems would be more effective . 
  erectile dysfunction , depression , procrastination , unreasonable and unmet expectations in a partner , adhd , low testosterone , even cancer ... these are all linked to pmo ( porn , masturbation , orgasm ) . 
  it messes up the dopamine rewarding system and influences behavior . 
  something for you to [ watch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=wsf82awsdiu ) . 
  a lot more research could be done in this area , but there are no control groups because everyone does it . 
  had i known , i 'd nominated myself . 
  just to flush out the waves of criticism . 
  i 'm probably tagged as racist commie fascist white supremacist zionist nigger faggot . 
  not to mention lazy , broke , indebted and entitled southerner . 
  besides , modding is a way to comfortably impose bias . 
  want to tackle racism ? 
  argue against it . 
  do n't censor . 
  let people look like assholes . 
  what better example for something not to follow is there ? 
  i dislike petty authority displays and i abhor any form of censorship . 
  being rich is not an ideology . 
  sure , rich lean towards the right but only because it suits them . 
  it 's more like monarchy or neo-feudalism , maintained by cronies and oligarchs . 
  i call it socialism exclusively for the rich . 
  governments are liberal only towards the masses . 
  towards the corporations and banks , they 're as socialist as can be . 
  our government is n't liberal which is a right winged ideology . 
  free market capitalism is n't in practice , only selectively to the poor . 
  sheltering banks because they 're too big to fail , subsidizing big pharma , oil and energy , while cutting down on pensions and health . 
  our government socializes loss and privatizes profit . 
  the track sheet of bad business decisions favoring the private sector are infinite . 
  it 's beyond ideologies . 
  it 's a mess !, 
  a corrupt mess . 
  i 'd just like to say you that everything that implies a heading or any change is political . 
  politics is the art of influence and decision making where 2 or more are involved . 
  so , i repeat , the protest was apolitical only because it distanced itself from political parties , unions or ideological labels . 
  from left to right there are reasons to be angry . 
  from the unemployed , the precarious youths , the old pensioners , the bankrupting business men and entrepreneurs . 
  we all share our disgust at what this government is doing . 
  make the people pay the tab while the wealthy elites become even wealthier , while big business continues to starve the economy , while corporations achieve record profits , while nationalizations and subsequent privatizations are made at the loss and expense of the common citizen . 
  there will be no future . 
  all our taxes are reverting to foreign offshore accounts and to other countries . 
  we 're offered whole sale and believe me , this will bring conflict back to old europe , because it wo n't stop in portugal or spain . 
  this cancer will spread . 
  my condolences . 
  regards , portugal, 
  what do you mean opinionated ? 
  common sense is n't ideology dependent . 
  these recessive measures will never help , they 'll just do the opposite !, 
  even in the long run . 
  the interest rates are n't sustainable and will never be paid . 
  everyone knows this , except the sadists , who keep on pushing , for political populist and other shady corrupt reasons , get a kick out of beating the old southern corpse or their own people . 
  but do n't worry , the north will be next . 
  i 'll be laughing , in my mud hut well out in the middle of the woods , living neolithically while you carpet bomb each other over debt and gadgets . 
  seriously . 
  we should leave the euro and the eu , and then default . 
  something already desired by many in the subreddit , for obvious racist reasons , but also because it 's really the only way out of this . 
  screw the eu . 
  stop raising taxes and killing the economy . 
  instead of killing the social programs of the state , focus on restructuring the government , end ridiculous aids given to banks and some energy companies . 
  restructure the imf/debt . 
  it 's bordering on odious . 
  living the good life , eh ? 
  one-percenter ... 
  for me , watered down coffee . 
  followed by a piece of fruit . 
  does n't help getting a glucose spike that early but hey , it 's affordable . 
  for my kids , milk and cereals , while i still can afford it . 
  last year i passed by one of those suburbs from a distance . 
  it looked like some shanty town in afghanistan . 
  the police does n't even enter those place . 
  it 's not a muslim ghetto , it 's a mini-islamic state . 
  which will never be paid . 
  you 'll be fine anywhere in portugal . 
  even in the rural areas . 
  people may find it strange if you are very outwardly affectionate , but no one will bother you . 
  i 'm surprised at the amount of tolerance my people has . 
  we 're delaying the inevitable . 
  we should leave the euro , the eu and just default . 
  whats you smokin , boy ? 
  portugal is now conjointly owned by china , angola and germany . 
  so , he 's right in using that flag . 
  all hail our chinese overlords !, 
   wtf are we doing ? 
  ideological sadism . 
  it 's also about sending a message by showing the forced kneeling of entire countries in front of the powers-that-be !, 
  and these are no governments but a ruthless cabal of banksters corporations , hedgefunds and industrialists . 
  do n't dismiss this as conspiracy theory . 
  it is n't at all . 
  it 's just that we reached a point in civilization where an elite few have grown so wealthy and powerfully influential , they wo n't give in easily . 
  if anything , they want to control more and more . 
  and what they all have in common is only their love of money and power . 
  yes , catalonia includes french territories , but france has done/said nothing about catalonia 's cause and possible secession , or have they ? 
  which leads me to think they do n't care about northern spain 's independentist movements . 
  nor do they see them as a threat .
