  probably even stirring up more conflict in backrooms . 
  it would have probably be up to portugal and the british ( once again ) to clean up the mess . 
  france would also likely be involved , as catalunya reaches also into french territory , so it could be a highly polarizing conflict . 
  they 'd side with spain for the sake of territorial integrity and stability . 
  at some point france would have to choose . 
  keep on helping spain or bail out of the conflict . 
  we 're an independent country . 
  not a state within a country . 
  i , for one , welcome our catalan secessionists friends . 
  i prefer them over the absurd chauvinistic and undemocratic rants of your typical spanish unionist . 
  you 're wrong and you 're a chauvinist . 
  you should be grateful portugal did n't destroy madrid and the whole of spain in the aftermath of your botched napoleonic alliance . 
  your country is filled with identity issues and irredentism . 
  how it has barely remained united is a miracle . 
  be grateful for having had a good streak , it will end now . 
  thank you . 
  that was no choice . 
  there was no possibility to even hold on to portugal . 
  there was , however , a possibility to hold on to catalunya . 
  why it keeps being repeated ad nauseum ( mostly by chauvinists ) is the reason portugal is still seen as a geopolitical error , when it is clearly not and should be the opposite !, 
  it 's very disrespectful and tries to pass off as magnanimous gesture or something that happened at the expense of catalans . 
  it was n't !, 
  and portugal could have destroyed spain in the 1800 's and chose not to . 
  the taking of madrid by portuguese and british troops could have ended the kingdom and break it in several ones , as it should be . 
  it is spain who should not exist as it defies the odds and is filled with irredentism . 
  portugal has it 's cultural identity and politically stable in that regard . 
  much more so than spain . 
  thanks savannajeff , for having minus fived me . 
  the worst is n't even that . 
  it 's the shutting off power to struggling families . 
  stop paying for 3 months and you get your energy cut . 
  no matter how many small children or old people are living in that house . 
  the institutions that should rally against these thuggish practices do n't do anything because they get destroyed in court and the eu sides with the company . 
  unless you 're a gypsy . 
  if you 're a gypsy you get continuous support in the form of free energy and land and monthly checks . 
  and european courts would destroy whoever tried to `` oppress '' them . 
  i ` ts a tragedy . 
  an ode to human stupidity . 
  the energy costs in portugal are ridiculously high !, 
  the edp company , that owns the energy monopoly , is run by a seemingly mobster type of fellow called antonio mexia , who raises prices indiscriminately and does n't care about the dire social situation . 
  this fecal sample of a man was for a long time the highest earning ceo in portugal . 
  his bonuses were completely off the charts . 
  in a time of austerity this man squeezes millions from portuguese citizens and steadily raises energy prices , commits many irregularities and even causes the tumbling of ministers and secretaries of state . 
  he also was the architect behind the recent chinese energy nationalization/annexation in portugal . 
  there was no strategic interest in portugal selling off his highest earning company . 
  it was by eu orders that want the states to have no participation in companies ... and they sell it to china 's three gorges !, 
  a chinese state controlled company . 
  the stupidity , corruption and complete defeat of the original argument is incredible . 
  he 's also able to intimidate the state into continuously fund edp with tax breaks subsidies and other forms of steady income . 
  i repeat , he does it in times of brutal austerity . 
  many companies have shut down because of these ruthless practices . 
  edp 's legal teams will personally target whoever criticizes them openly or challenges them in court . 
  if germany makes a profit , the eu will do it . 
  forgive my poor english . 
  i 'm not a native . 
  my eloquence is just you passively insulting or dismissing me . 
  oh , ignorance you say ? 
  as in ignoring all the signs and tacitly allowing extremism to grow . 
  it is you is ignorant and chooses to remain ignorant . 
  not even when faced with cold and harsh statistical truths from trustworthy and impartial entities do you rethink your views . 
  you bear the worst kind of ignorance - the stubborn one . 
  not far from the same culture you defend relativize and apologize for . 
  and i 'm not being harsh or dismissive . 
  but i am a problem , i agree . 
  i am a problem for multikultis and sharia loving extremists eager to establish their dominance over europe and dictating what i should do or wear or drink or eat or whatever . 
  i did nothing to extremists , yet they bombed buses and trains . 
  they decapitate , kidnap and assault people for religious motives . 
  even common theft would make a far more worthy cause than religious extremism and sense of superiority . 
  and you ca n't help but indirectly condone fundamentalism 's by adding noise and byzantine ( sterile ) accusations . 
  the western world should stop being hypocritical and pull out of those hell holes they created . 
  and do their best to repair the damages over there . 
  not import them over here and use them as an excuse to further advance political agendas of totalitarian control and build a surveillance state , which is so bloody obvious is an end game for massive extortion of the population by the elites . 
  but they 're playing with fire . 
  islam is here to stay and wo n't be subdued easily like the rest of us . 
  religion offers a way out of taking responsibility for things like happiness and success . 
  that 's why fundamentalisms , like religion or fascism always loom over us . 
  because people do n't care enough and delegate . 
  we just do n't want to take the trouble to engage in politics or carry the weight of decisions larger than our own lives . 
  besides , politics are messy and have to potential to easily screw the individual . 
  it 's a cowardly attitude and self-destructive . 
  radical islam is dogmatic , absurd , vengeful , virulent and violent . 
  much more than any other . 
  it is also fossilized and incapable of self-moderation . 
  just how willing is the eu into protecting its member states claims to the arctic ? 
  would they allow the advance of belligerent russian tactics , pipelines , and oil platforms on the arctic ? 
  or would they protect the environment ? 
  seek neutrality ? 
  anyone has any input on this ? 
  why do they have to have done something to me ? 
  this is common sense !, 
  an easy deduction of facts and projection of ongoing conflicts . 
  this whole issue is serious trouble that can be seen miles away !, 
  their belief system and political motivation are utterly incompatible with western values . 
  there will be no integration and they will never want to be a part of what we are now . 
  most likely we 'll become part of them or go sleep with the fishes . 
  this is more and more like europe in the 30 's . 
  it 's so obvious what is going to happen , i 'm baffled by so much denial . 
  either they take over or the right wing nuts do . 
  in any scenario , we have no chance in hell against them and it 's only a matter of time . 
  a civil war ?
