  interesting science problems such as vaporizing every square inch of israel . 
  after the jew problem is gone , they 'll work on other interesting scientific issues like christians , the entire western world , and then sunnis or some stray shia factions . 
  ultimately , turn the earth into a fireball for the glory of allah and the ayatollah . 
  let them elites try again . 
  i seriously doubt the spanish people actually care about such idiocies or are interested in a unavoidable and unwinnable war . 
  perhaps the higher military do . 
  anyway , i think portugal is unconquerable . 
  there is a saying , which may no not be true , but states that julius cesar once publicly said that neither the lusitanians rule themselves or allowed themselves to be ruled . 
  so he gave up on lusitania because it was too damn difficult and costly to his legions to maintain . 
  geometrically replicating easily offended muslim immigrants you mean . 
  if there was corporate or financial profit in the federalization of europe , it would have happened already . 
  you 're a weak pipe dreamer mr. barroso . 
   batshit insane and will only worsen the economy . 
  also incoherent , ineffective , palliative and expectable because of notorious political weakness in addressing the real issues and the real waste of public and eu funds . 
  the man is a puppet and nothing short of a complete raze of the current political-financial status quo will change anything . 
  this is a cure that 's killing the patient . 
  imf stubbornness can not see that the imposed limits and given time frames are impossible to be met . 
  on wednesday , further austerity measures will be added to the increase of the social tax . 
  most likely there will be an increase in vat to 25 % ( maximum permitted in the eu ) , further irs adjustments ( changing the current tax brackets and in overall retaining more middle class income while leaving corporations exempt ) . 
  what remains to be addressed are the ruinous public-to-private deals made by the last exiting government and that are in the 40 plus billion euros . 
  also , there are still no structural reforms , no cap on golden pensions or even the extinction of the many thousands of ruinous foundations and public companies that serve no purpose than to give hefty paychecks to the party 's `` boys '' . 
  our prime-minister said these are courageous acts . 
  they 're not !, 
  it 's cowardice and stupidity !, 
  they are but a drop in the ocean of debt afflicting us . 
  it will not solve the deficit problem and will strangle the economy even further . 
  blowing up 10 000 tons of tnt underground does n't mean you have nukes . 
  give us a surface test and i 'll decide if i want to be scared . 
  who gives a shit . 
  the whole of europe is either going in the sinkhole or become a federalized united states of europe eking out an existence for the better part of this 21st century . 
  this guy is bundling non-muslims with muslims just because they live near each other . 
  he does to such extent it looks almost like they 're a different species ( speciation ) . 
  i try to bundle ordinary muslims with muslims extremists , only because they 're based on the same barbaric creeds , and i 'm the one getting a racist label . 
  if they are not religious or do n't even care about religion , they 're not muslims . 
  beats being a closeted gay in saudi arabia or even any other muslim country . 
  i frequently go to the portuguese countryside in and it 's not full of cave trolls as you hint . 
  we have n't had public stonings or death threats and i ask you to come up with proof of otherwise . 
  i can sure come up with lots of hateful acts perpetrated by lynching mobs in muslim dominated countries or communities . 
  why would anyone invite that kind of behavior in europe ? 
  and do n't think i did n't understood the subtlety in your comment . 
  sadly for you i do n't perceive calling someone gay as an insult . 
  but you 're a jerk for it nonetheless . 
  do n't want to import those values either . 
  i 'm against any religion of hate and misogyny . 
  be it islam , christianity or hindu . 
  why do n't you go try to live on a muslim country and be openly gay there ? 
  a muslim collective is incompatible with modern society . 
  it eventually collides with it . 
  need i recount the near infinite sad cases of islam in europe ? 
  rest assured your muslim friends would prefer an islamic society over a christian or secular one . 
  never met one who did n't and i 've met a few . 
  until they come for you . 
  or try to dictate your way of life . 
  or you learn about honor crimes and how they treat women , gays or apostates . 
  and before you judge me for using `` they '' as a form of gross generalization or compare me to that psycho breivik , please listen to what moderate muslims supposedly have about their extreme branches . 
  you want to know why this silence ? 
  it is n't there because there are no moderate muslims . 
  only a calculistic sect biding their time , multiplying their ranks . 
  and when they become majority , they 'll bring us back a thousand years and then turn on each other , like pretty much elsewhere . 
  i 'm tired of stoneage fucktards trying to literally blow up modern civilization . 
  i can clearly see in this thread how and why europeans will destroy themselves . 
  and guess what , it 's not through debt ... 
  post-eu europe will be riddled with belligerent elites and politicians . 
  seeking conflict for personal gain and popularity . 
  eventually we 'll have our asses handed over to us by some eastern power . 
  millions will die and war will ravage our continent . 
  we 've exhausted our colonial legacy - the only thing giving us the edge . 
  all that remains is whether we 'll drag everyone down with us or be easily conquered from within . 
  my money would be on islam . 
  if we were to grant vote by demographic weight alone , we 'd play by asian rules ( india and china 's ) . 
  now , would that scenario suit you ? 
  point me a better alternative . 
  atleast smaller countries get a free bargaining chip instead of being bullied into submission . 
  un 's maximum effectiveness is incompatible with countries , but that 's fine !, 
  because if it were highly effective , it would likely be undemocratic , totalitarian or highly utopic/dystopic . 
  the solution is what we have forming now - large clusters of interests , one of which is a ( feared to the point of sabotage ) federalized eu . 
  they 're essential . 
  not having a un at this point in civilization would spell disaster for the planet . 
  and i write this fully aware of the many abuses and shortcomings fellow eu redditors point out . 
  they should do more . 
  specially in terms of resource distribution , global education ( to control overpopulation ) and ultimately space exploration . 
  we have all our eggs in one basket while running over jagged ground . 
  maniqueisms aside , israel is sitting on a powder keg . 
  even with all it 's firepower and nuclear deterrent . 
  it 's all going to go up in a blast eventually . 
  whoever wins will get served a pyrrhic victory . 
  both sides , perhaps almost all political sides in that part of the world , are ruled by political factions that gain more popularity/power by taking extreme action . 
  add religious fundamentalisms to the pot and you get an endless supply of reasons to keep this fire going , not to mention indoctrinated generational hatred for each other . 
  enter science . 
  the middle-east is not nearly suited for its population density and as we all know , resources are dwindling and the world economy is on the verge of collapse . 
  strength in numbers has been a key card being played the palestinians , and in fact by muslims world-wide , just check the [ birth rates ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/g/r.aspx?c=xx&amp;v=25 ) . 
  so , i take no sides and expect major social upheaval in that region that will make the arab spring look like a gay parade . 
  neither side is going to give in . 
  given that a lot of powerful alliances and interests are at play , they just might get that self-fulfilling prophecy they all yearn for !, 
  for all of us . 
  both parties suck but everybody should understand the latency in policy results . 
  results always come a few years down the the road and not in the year or years they remain in office . 
  now if only there was some political * prozac * to apply on our voters and give them the pause to reflect on just that ... 
  exactly !, 
  the nerve of that man .
