  constantly showing tremendous insensitivity for the job required of him . 
  how he got reelected is beyond me . 
  like many politicians in europe , he just does n't know when to shut up or when and how to intervene . 
  i think he means ideological sadism of a right winged nature . 
  lousy article btw . 
  portugal 's problem is that there is two portugal 's . 
  * their 's * portugal , that is permeated with corruption and with which few identify with ( see levels of voting absenteeism and tax evasion ) , and the socially cohesive traditional * our * portugal . 
  people are not generally selfish or committed just to themselves , in fact they 're quite the opposite . 
  what happens is they do n't trust politicians and with good reason . 
  dictatorships , censorship , elitism 's , the corporate/party hijacking of 1974 's revolution , constant scandals and bad examples , plundering of resources and state wealth , a multi-tiered justice system that is an international joke and that imprisons the poor while laxing on the wealthy . 
  people notice all this growing social assimmetry and they do n't see their pornographically high tax money put to good use and any good thing they see built or improved they mostly attribute that to the eu . 
  why bother ? 
  pessimism kicks in . 
  it 's not like it can be easily changed and new faces are more of the same . 
  it needs a complete overhaul and that only comes with an extreme event , such as a revolution or ( wait for it ) a european federalization event . 
  i guess i could be talking about any southern country . 
  this is how detached from social reality they are . 
  yet they continue in office and playing with the peoples fates . 
  similar , if not identical barbarisms have been said by politicians in portugal . 
  an unbeatable argument if there ever was one . 
  considering we 're heading towards a world wide economic reset , you 're all quite optimistic about growth and the sustainability of all this . 
  i doubt some countries can even keep control of their meager resources and infrastructure when chaos sets in . 
  the age of countries is coming to an end . 
  lisbon . 
  striking good looks and also a tourist magnet . 
  it has history , mountains , a country side and lots of excellent beaches . 
  westernmost capital of any eu country . 
  greenwich meridian , median time the same as the city of london ( financial trading center ) . 
  good climate all year is always good for welcoming summits , however sudden , and good for hosting year long functioning central services . 
  coastal yet diverse in terrain , really wide spaced and elevated from the ocean level . 
  good deep harbours and the closest to american and asian ships ( panama canal ) . 
  militarily is quite shielded , not only for being on a peninsula behind the pyreneus but also easier to defend from invading armies . 
  historical significance and important mythos that can be added to a federalized eu project , such as being on of europe 's oldest nations , having a rich history and one of the longest empires also a pioneer of globalization trade and discoveries . 
  seems like the german banking lobby will have a lot of explaining and accounting to do . 
  i could never wrap my mind around such a concept . 
  supporting and sustaining a family , however good natured and kind , for the sole reason of them being born into that family and with no other personal merit whatsoever . 
  * feelswrongman.jpg *, 
  democracy should be maintained by machines , not men . 
  draconian ai software that firmly applies the law , disregarding social status or whatever . 
  i know law is a complex matter but only an ever-evolving algorithmic approach can cast aside the shadows of corruption and manipulation . 
  add to this a scientific approach to politics and we may stand a chance of maintaining a complex civilization . 
  while some may shout fear mongering , the facts are mathematically irreversible by now and a growing number of scientists are backing this up . 
  there is going to be a global economic collapse , coupled with the failing ecosystem ( peak resources ) and an unsustainable growth in population . 
  things will definitely heat up in the coming years . 
  expect conflict and social unrest . 
  be prepared to live on far less and changing your living habits . 
  we 'll have to return to our small communities , be dependent of them and contribute as well . 
  which may be one of the few good outcomes of what is to come . 
  we 'll be human again , instead of all this political and economical recklessness , emotional detachment from responsabilites , virtualism , excess individuality , consumerism , blah blah . 
  do n't be naive . 
  you only had cuba as a minor nuisance and completely flipped your shit . 
  if you had russia , france , germany and a load of other smaller nation alliances bordering you , you 'd be as paranoid as the rest of us . 
  you might even have ceased to exist long ago . 
   the anti-germans in this subreddit cry me a river as well . 
  this subreddit wreaks of northern contempt for the southern * \u00dcntermensch * . 
  it 's lazy greeks this , corrupt italians that and swine like acronyms . 
  how would you feel if it were you ? 
  there 's genuinely a large northern consent about gross generalizations that scares the shit out of me . 
  are these people morons ? 
  i understand stereotyping helps people relate to reality and simplifies things but this is just stupid . 
  for the sake of argumentation , and i do agree with some austerity and a bit of political purge , we 'd do well not to over simplify the problems . 
  there are no easy solutions here and the blame is general and its roots are likely found in the permissive and narrow minded political culture . 
  stop attacking the people and instead direct your energies at the ruling classes . 
  man , that 's hilarious . 
  you 're right . 
  but i was n't being specific about portugal . 
  germany does n't give a damn about us and there is hardly any history between us . 
  if anything , the germans were among the most respectful of people . 
  when i mean europe , whenever germany had its sights set on any other country or defined any geopolitical strategies to prevent the tearing apart of their big yet recent country , existing alliances dictated that a big part of europe would be against them . 
  germany 's only fault is having become a big and powerful central power ... that 's intimidating and calls for natural reactions . 
  self-control , yeah !, 
  you could have responded to `` the lazy spaniard is here '' thing with a `` heil hitler everyone ! '', 
  but they 'd probably throw you in jail for that . 
  a few weeks ago , while filming , i overheard a few germans talking in german about how pathetic the portuguese were . 
  there was a portuguese woman ( long time expat ) with them . 
  i was tempted to later ask her why did she condone such a thing . 
  but then i thought , why bother ? 
  they were the ones paying and i ca n't really afford those problems . 
  oh , the metaphor ... 
  just pick up a history book . 
  german citizens might as well be honest and acknowledge the same . 
  historically , germany seems to be hating the rest of europe since 1871 ... 
   my government has done everything to soften this for the greeks by saving their asses you mean guaranteeing german banks get their high interest payments on time ? 
  greece is in the slaughterhouse . 
  they did , however , walked right into such a place and remain inside it . 
  it 's scary watching a whole country commit economical suicide . 
  you piece of shit . 
  you and your 12 upvoters, 
  he was a portuguese sephardic jew working for spain . 
  he was probably born near cuba , alentejo ( portugal ) . 
  any interest rate based system is mathematically unsustainable in a world of finite resources . 
  only going to outer space for resources would extend the life of our system . 
  a new system would require a complete collapse of the previous and haircuts of around 99.9 % . 
  and it is n't possible to maintain yester-years debt and wealth numbers . 
  the current numbers are beyond unrealistic . 
  i guess we 're looking at a new experiment in society . 
  communism 2.0 , anarchy or even a return to hunter gatherer/neolithic roots . 
  the transition will likely be extremely violent . 
  a town without money is a town without a future !, 
  without any more loans lent and without money to pay anything but heavy interest rates , which , by the way , are also impossible to keep paying or unsustainable .
