  he 's usually shrouded with storm clouds and can fly around ships often speaking and frightening sailors . 
  the werewolf myth or ` lobisomen ' is ubiquitous across the land . 
  my grandfather told me ( scared the hell out of me ) of his village version of werewolves - the tardo . 
  of people turning into giant hairy pigs or mules and walking around the villages at night kicking down doors and growling . 
  after a few years they ` upgrade ' to giant human shaped wolves . 
  peeiras are the female version of the werewolf and are also usually called wolf fairies . 
  they are companions to wolves and can talk and command entire packs !, 
  the ` runner ' is a mutant like creature that is cursed and has to play out his curse , usually running through seven bridges , seven hills , seven fountains , seven crossroads , etc. . . until someone bleeds him and turns him into a human again . 
  he is usally the seventh son of the seventh son of a family . 
  he can also become a runner if his baptism is poorly recited by his godparents . 
  the [ coca ] ( http://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/coca_\\ ( folclore \\ ) ) is our boogeyman . 
  he has a giant pumpkin shaped head and scares small children . 
  he 's the same as the famous `` el cuco '' and the basis for jack o ' lantern and probably the boogey man also . 
  the `` fradinho '' ( small friar ) is a small goblin like entity , usually very small and using a red hat . 
  he enters rooms at night and sleeps on top of people causing nightmares and other paralyzing terrors . 
  in another thread i mentioned the ` bisarma ' . 
  this used to be a giant ghost creature that walked the valleys , literally one foot on each side of the valley , and scared entire villages with its loud and thunderous voice . 
  this goes back to celtic times . 
  in my country , more specifically in porto , we usually call a big and menacing woman a ` bisarma ' !, 
  btw : a ` bisarma ' used to be a giant ghost creature that walks among the valleys , literally one foot on each side of the valley , and scares entire villages with its loud and thunderous voice . 
  thanks turkey !, 
  and will he remain in his job after saying this absurdity ? 
  in other news , a large concentration of panzer tanks is gathering on the german-polish border . 
  said the guy ringing most alarms ( and getting them quicly downgraded and in the shitter to further his agenda ) about southern economies . 
  he 's europe 's most dangerous man . 
  i could tell you who 's the most dangerous woman too ... 
  a bunch of crooks . 
  all of them !, 
  our parliament is an offense against democracy justice and transparency . 
  i listened to burzum and was a huge metal head in my teens . 
  teens dont see the world as adults do . 
  irreverence , anger , self-loathing can screw up your judgment . 
  i hope they can be brought back to safety . 
  as a father , this hits close to home . 
  as a citizen , these two could do a lot to dissuade other immature and impressionable young girls against the bullshit media campaign being used by these stoneage fucktards . 
  these guys should live long lives attached to pain amplifiers . 
  the nsa knows more ( and remembers more ! ), 
  about me than myself !, 
  and they do n't even have to be truthful things . 
  that knowledge along with the many paranoid terrorism-preventing-civil-liberties-avoiding legislation can put you away indefinitely and without trial . 
  how 's that for scary ? 
  that 's much more close and damaging than anything those stoneage desert fucktards pull . 
  i wish isis and every other bonehead group would just disappear so they stop justifying all this surveillance state shit and social regression . 
  and it makes me wonder why things move so slow against these groups . 
  it 's like a weed being nurtured . 
  one of these days regular people in europe will start waking up in orange suits . 
  they probably have for a while , we just do n't have knowledge of it . 
  most people do n't realize that the effects of government policies only reveal themselves after a few years , and usually when those governments are no longer in office . 
  particularly when major macro economic policies are set or something big happens , like portugal joining the cee in 1986 . 
  cavaco is the father of all crookedness . 
  he basically enthroned corruption , misuse of community funds , unaccountability , created huge structural problems with the economy which were obviously unsustainable . 
  he basically destroyed any self-sufficiency and manufacturing capacity we had . 
  he placed our country dependent of foreign corporate giants . 
  socrates was no angel either and i 'd never vote for him , but he at least enacted crucial reforms and removed certain perks that were being given to politicians out of nothing . 
  and he launched the first draft of what would later grant him his demise - public servant performance evaluation . 
  in portugal , corruption is handled with suitcases of cash . 
  socrates was probably the biggest hoarder of all . 
  cavaco was like a mob boss granting favors . 
  proof of that is that the rate of which his friends ( both of them ) are being incarcerated or connected to portugal 's biggest fraud cases . 
  i agree but the logic employed is often the economic one . 
  keep in mind there was hardly social states at the time . 
  and we had a history of debt and huge deficits . 
  not to mention political instability , coups and military dictatorships behind . 
  everything else , i wholeheartedly agree . 
  the man lacked vision and was a religious nut . 
  but compared to others at the time , we could have had it much worse . 
  single-handedly destroying europe . 
  this woman is pathetic . 
  an embarrassment for europe . 
  i even found one crawling under the kitchen sink !, 
  they 're everywhere !, 
  just wait and see . 
  cavaco was probably more ruinous . 
  corruption really took off with him . 
  a self-centered high level functioning aspie with zero conscience . 
  you want to fuck a skeleton ? 
  i 'd hate to be controversial here , but the first years or so of salazar 's rule might have been , in the long run , good for us !, 
  he did get a grip on public spending and he managed to keep us out of wwii and even make a profit from it . 
  we would have definitely been invaded by spain and germany had we a truly democratic regime . 
  then again , spain 's nationalists with franco might not have beaten the republicans without salazar logistic support and protection in portuguese territory . 
  and that might have even shaped ww2 scenario . 
  maybe germany would not have had life so easy on the western front , if iberian legions were pouring into france . 
  as for worst politicians , they 're all pretty dismal . 
  and another certain amount does n't even bother anymore and dropped out of the statistics . 
  unemployed people in my country often go years without receiving a job offer from the government job center , yet they regularly receive letters from those centers asking confirmation of unemployment . 
  if these are ignored , they are considered employed . 
  a lot of people ignore those letters , particularly after a few years of receiving no help at all . 
  the far left wants anarchy to build a new system - their system . 
  but everybody here knows what is poised to fill political vacuums and it 's anything but anarchy . 
  oh and the same `` weapon '' being used here - senseless immigration - is likely to blow up in europe 's face . 
  livers hate that . 
  * sigh * ... 
  language shapes culture and thought . 
  it 's not worth arguing against it . 
  quantitatively is what 's debatable , but what all research points out is that even smaller differences are obviously cumulative through time . 
  now this does n't mean they are unchangeable and they even may float back and forth , but there are differences !, 
  detection is up to scientists and to the individuals . 
  i can guarantee some people notice these differences , particularly the immigrants . 
  and qualitative views are whatever the hell you , i , or anyone wants . 
  boundaries in linguistics or any anthropological field are always a tough sell .
