  he has influence in other sub-reddits . 
  has weight ( karma ) . 
  has bot/script knowledge . 
  knows how to monetize on reddit and gullible redditors . 
  knows how to maintain moderator privileges , which indicate he 's close to some admin ( or admins ) . 
  in other words , he 'll fit right in . 
  they 're censoring . 
  what do you say about islamophilia ? 
  the modding or deletion of posts that often portray islam as a cultural risk ? 
  the eu and the us are notoriously incoherent about kosovo and other conflict zones . 
  good for serbia to have at least an ally , however untrustworthy . 
  chill . 
  everyone in europe is on the menu . 
  and what a feast it will be . 
  or not . 
  that lady is not the organization she fronts . 
  banco alimentar is much more than one person . 
  that was the problem , too much ego with some frontmans ( or women ) . 
  i make that distinction . 
  much like i make the distinction between our prime minister and the country . 
  he is n't the country . 
  he merely fronts it , and badly to our misfortune . 
  the government are the ruling elected politics and the state is all of us . 
  both are different concepts . 
  do n't mix them . 
  there is poverty , growing poverty . 
  masked poverty and famine . 
  being downplayed , obviously . 
  how good of you to acknowledge this !, 
  why would cantines be open ? 
  failed to see the non sequitur there ? 
  that 's because people in the field know more than technocrats or armchair denialists . 
  that 's because there 's a serious need to be addressed . 
  it pains me to read and hear these arguments day in day out , only because i did n't put forth some paper to back this up . 
  a paper that hardly would see the light of day under the weight of the government . 
  in fact , a few have come and were promptly denied . 
  but nevermind that , people have been taking action locally and not wait around for some statician to throw hard numbers to force us to act . 
  hell , even the cold hearted members of government did n't try to oppose this because they know it 's bad and they do n't want the problem to explode in the media . 
  they do n't like hyperboles , like you !, 
  so , this comes to the choice of language styles . 
  well then , let 's just leave it at that . 
  do n't take the `` go out '' as ad hominem . 
  merely go out into the field to see first hand the problems that you do n't believe exist in hyperbolic numbers . 
  i 've worked with banco alimentar and local charities providing meals for over 15 years . 
  i disagree with jonet 's claims that there is n't famine in portugal . 
  it was mostly her having an ego trip . 
  this is not just * a * recession . 
  this is * the * recession . 
  there are fewer nets to fall back on this time . 
  there are no home gardens or rural farms to be worked . 
  the only viable alternative is going abroad . 
  the thing is , you still have a middle class , much more than we had 30 years ago , but the lowest class is growing fast and is falling through the bottom . 
  that is , they 're basically scavenging , depending on charity or resorting to petty crime . 
  the ideological clouding is sequitur . 
  the ruling party and our prime keeps claiming this is n't happening . 
  well , far from sight and far from the political pain of dealing with it . 
  besides , they 've made clear what their priorities are . 
  i do n't trust them nor do i believe anything they say . 
  i wish it was rambling hyperbolic nonsense . 
  as a part-time teacher i 've seen the most heart-breaking situations . 
  why do you think cantines are now open on weekends , holidays and even at night ? 
  i advise you to go out . 
  yes , bigger interest rates . 
  just wait for it when we return to the markets . 
  and no , poverty [ is becoming widespread ] ( http://economico.sapo.pt/edicion/diarioeconomico/edicion_impresa/economia/pt/desarrollo/1046490.html ) . 
  it 's no hyperbole . 
  [ famine has returned ] ( http://www.dn.pt/inicio/portugal/interior.aspx?content_id=1732966 ) . 
  many long term unemployed people are getting by on a meal a day and many do n't even feed themselves properly to feed their children . 
  if you do n't see it , then there 's not much i can add . 
  the ideological clouding will never allow it . 
  but i 've been in the poor quarters of my city . 
  i 've done volunteer work . 
  and it 's bad !, 
  and to deny it should make you eligible for a nice compulsory walk around those places with no police or politicians . 
  which we should do as soon as possible . 
  the markets are irrational and easily steered by any large fund , moving in stampedes . 
  we should treat them like the menace they represent and tell them to fuck off . 
  default now . 
  exit euro now . 
  if more do this , then the balance is restored . 
  portugal is applying austerity and look where it 's leading us , larger debt , bigger interest rates , widespread poverty and even famine . 
  i 'd rather deal with an invading army than a faceless enemy like `` the markets '' . 
  great !, 
  now we can practice shooting at speakers instead of glass bottles . 
  they sure are bent on protecting all those corporate and financial interests at the expense of the taxpayers and the younger generations . 
  i 'm surprised bombs have n't gone off across europe in these past months . 
  the nerve and dettachment of these guys is unbelievable . 
  unemployment rises , purchasing power drops , industrial output drops . 
  energy produced and consumed invariably drops . 
  a pan european problem that will hit all , including mighty germany . 
  industrial output is increasingly mechanized , machines pay no taxes nor do they consume manufactured products . 
  this leads to further unemployment , lower wages ( due to low demand and low consumption ) and concentration of wealth in large corporations , increasing social asymmetry . 
  large corporations pay much less taxes than your typical local company and the large corps . 
  these are also accounting and legally savvy , moving money through various offshores . 
  they also have great lobbying power . 
  these are global problems which can not be swept under the rug . 
  no matter how corporate media sells it . 
  the technological divide will be the swansong of civilization if allowed to go according to corporate planning . 
  europe is being picked apart , while common europeans accuse each other of being lazy tax evaders and welfarists . 
  ideally , yes .
