  he was not the only one . 
  every time he spoke , german banks reaped millions in the sovereign debt markets , indirectly downgrading us and raising interest rates . 
  that 's just an example of how a single scumbag politician managed to kill thousands of jobs and send people below poverty thresholds . 
  suicides , emmigration , violence . 
  various ministers from denmark , netherlands , finland , etc. 
  all had weekly spouts of `` opinions '' in the media when they should have kept their mouths shut and band together as a union . 
  but i know what you 're going to say . 
  why joined in the first place ? 
  why put yourself in the weak position ? 
  this is still all your fault . 
  indeed it was . 
  for believing the eu would have our backs . 
  for becoming eu junkies . 
  but i 'm willing to change that , and many more are thinking it too . 
  i hope the union goes down in flames and i hope northern europe , particularity germany , gets swallowed by the east and experience all the misery they happily inflict on the south . 
  so screw those selfish ethnocentric pricks and screw the eu . 
  it 's no union , it 's a jailhouse . 
  the whole world . 
  there 'll be plenty interested in our cheap goods and services . 
  we also benefit from a good geography . 
  once shipping lanes open to super cargo ships , we 'll be the closest entry ( and exit ) point into europe from asia/america . 
  we could and should also set up an offshore business to screw the eu out of tax revenue . 
  in the same way some eu countries have been doing to us for decades . 
  we could also resume mass farming production and lift restrictions that impose we buy eu instead of being self-sufficient . 
  wo n't be easy , but at least we will have control over our future . 
  we wo n't be at the mercy of the speculators and tendentious xenophobic political whims of the northern countries . 
  our current complacent and subservient government would also have to be outed as they are too incompetent and corrupted into this ill status quo . 
  that is , unless some bright thinker inside the eu decides sending in the ksk to clip our wings , which would n't be unheard of . 
  thanks !, 
  that was very interesting . 
  the sounding of the word chipre . 
  what if i told you , / u/savannajeff , that most people do n't invest in these funds directly and instead they choose banks and other high level brokers to do so ? 
  you 'd know that if you were n't so emotionally invested in antagonizing me . 
  this is probably my last line to you , buddy . 
  cheers . 
  they should go ask the speculators and the bankster cartels . 
  it 's very easy to shield oneself behind innocent people . 
  terrorists do it all the time . 
  doubt it . 
  san marino did not become s\u00e3o marino . 
  nor did lichtenstein became lighter rocks , nor did kosovo named black bird fields . 
  exit the euro and if possible , the eu as well . 
  default on odious debt . 
  it is n't difficult as much as it is time consuming . 
  the whole nudging into a potential orbit . 
  but that is what is scary . 
  to be effective in any short window of time , they would have to be almost all in near collision course with earth . 
  the odds of something going wrong are great . 
  i hope no nation ever actually tries it . 
  asteroids would make the most deadly of military weapons . 
  i 'm betting the americans , russians and chinese have their crosshairs set on those . 
  old testament military tactics ... in the 21 ^ st century . 
  we must expel poland if we want to go into space . 
  sadly , is only solution . 
  great idea !, 
  let 's go back to posting stuff about islam , the nsa and street protests . 
  something with a t. . . 
  i think . 
  true !, 
  although azer `` big kiss '' would be way cooler . 
  you know , for tourism and such . 
  then please name a portuguese person properly , as / u/risemix mentioned . 
  reino unido means united kingdom . 
  rain island would be said `` ilha da chuva '' , which is hardly anything remarkably sounding . 
  in the same way a spanish is a spaniard , because calling him simply `` a spanish '' would feel wrong , as `` a portuguese '' does . 
  i wonder why . 
  do you know ? 
  this should be cross posted to some language sub . 
  springtime ... for polen !, 
  it emphasizes that particular vowel from all other vowels , but to a lower pitched pronunciation . 
  instead of a full cleanly identifiable vowel sound , you get a lower pitched , almost nasalized version of said vowel . 
  examples : foreigner saying the a word . 
  it sounds `` hey '' . 
  when at the dentist , you 're asked to say ahhh . 
  to a portuguese , that dentist requested `` ahh '' is the original a sound . 
  saying \u00c1 is like saying aaaah even more vigorously and cleaner . 
  saying \u00c2 ( with the caret ) is almost saying `` ehhhh '' . 
  the caret kicks a semitone from the vowel original pitch . 
  accentuation raises a semitone in the pitch and also some velocity . 
  the accent accentuates the vowel . 
  a stronger , cleaner phonetic emphasis on the accented vowel . 
  the caret or circumflex lowers the accentuation to an unnatural vowel sound , as if lower pitch . 
  poor example : rom\u00e9nia should hear a distinct emphasis on the '' \u00e9 '' . 
  in brazilian portuguese , it is said rom\u00eania , which sounds more like romaenia with a clear nasal pitch toning down of that middle `` e '' . 
  people use reino unido , then inglaterra and gr\u00e3-bretanha . 
  this last one is too cumbersome to use . 
  anything involving `` gr\u00e3 '' or great is archaic and sounds silly . 
  kosovo is kosovo . 
  san marino , andorra , lichtenstein are all phonetically identical to their native name . 
  also , sealand is also sealand . 
  not that far off . 
  it does rain a lot . 
  and scotland is esc\u00f3cia . 
  northern ireland is irlanda do norte . 
  england is inglaterra . 
  it is simple , easy to say and effective , but i agree it sounds way unsophisticated . 
  your country 's original name is the funniest in the whole of europe !, 
  you guys say portugese instead of portugal ? 
  or portugese is same as portuguese - the people ? 
  op was paid handsomely by the greek government .
