  the uk and germany have some serious answering to do to their constituents . 
  these pretty much sold out an entire people for oligarch money and gas . 
  and the astroturfing levels oozing all over the internet from this situation is a clear sign of where the battlefields are . 
  if it means a quick buck to our political leaders , rest assured that is what will happen . 
  while they drown in shit , central europe freezes to death or has it 's industrial output severely hampered . 
  if you consider well over [ 500 people dead from it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_navy ) irrelevant ... and these are the ones admitted . 
  we do n't hear about most naval nuclear or military accidents . 
  they all get sent to the bottom of the sea , where they pollute the environment to unknown degrees ... as for [ france 's history ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_power_in_france ) , you 'll find it 's far from clean . 
  and keep in mind these plants have a shelf life which many are now reaching . 
  an economic depression , like the one already striking france , or just jihadis with a death wish , will mean problems for the whole of europe eventually . 
  you wo n't like it when radiation comes poison your children . 
  you wo n't be able to outrun it or demand reparations from anyone . 
  nuclear energy is another example of human recklessness . 
  gambling with everyone 's fate without even consulting them . 
  that alone should be grounds for a worldwide ban on nuclear energy . 
  governments will make mistakes too . 
  it 's naive to think otherwise . 
  no matter and clean and by the book the plant is built or run , things can always go bad . 
  it 's just not worth the risk . 
  in my view , europe should pour massive wealth into developing better technologies . 
  thorium , fusion , geothermal , etc. 
  and europe should not go into fracking as it 's got a bad reputation , it 's environmentally unfriendly ( being euphemistic here ) and hardly a transparent process . 
  so should europe ignore the oil and coal lobby . 
  these are the main culprits for lack of investment in clean technology . 
  you can bet this crisis will mean europe will embark on a fracking spree . 
  it 's already in the works by the lobbyists . 
  and the environment , and people 's health will never be the same ... 
  you still do n't get it do you ? 
  it 's not nuclear energy that is dangerous . 
  it 's people !, 
  it 's the weather . 
  it 's earthquakes . 
  nuclear energy looks damn good on paper . 
  but in practice , it has the potential to offset and destroy much much more than any initial investment or even the entirety of the energetic profit during the plants life . 
  and before you say there are failsafes , there are n't enough failsafes and humans will always fuck up or lax on the job . 
  take fukushima 's example , its wall was built too low in order to save money . 
  what 's to prevent a massive earthquake from hitting ? 
  or a tornado ? 
  or even a meteorite ? 
  or some jihadi nutjob ? 
  or in case of an all out war , bombing and turning each plant into a dirty bomb ? 
  the amount of retardedness ... 
  gas got much more expensive . 
  some 250 % more expensive . 
  russian minorities abroad , particularly russia 's neighbouring countries , could very well be met with suspicion and discrimination . 
  war mongering ? 
  who the hell invaded a sovereign nation at its weakest point ? 
  and apparently without consequences ... the people are sick of this kind of behavior . 
  there has to be consequences . 
  law must be respected and uniformly applied . 
  whether it is nato , russia or whoever . 
  no law = no trust . 
  said it here in the beginning of this crisis and got downvoted . 
  you people do n't know your eu . 
  these people care for value , not values . 
  they 're morally bankrupt and democracy or rule of law is whatever they feel like doing . 
  i thought it might have been / r/worldnews or / r/politics, 
  i opened my browser and saw it in the top spot . 
  i was n't logged in yet . 
  while i poured some coffee , in a minute or so , i logged in and it was gone !, 
  i even searched for it . 
  it was removed . 
  surely there is a record of these , right ? 
  it may have been removed because it was an opinion and mods are usually trigger-happy-autistic-power-tripping folks , but it should n't have been , because it was much more than just that , as in a huge shift in position by a big media outlet , and also a show of editorial struggle and journalistic integrity . 
  it also meant we should keep an eye on this so we gauge rt 's response and even her own health . 
  this was on the frontpage getting zillions of votes and got removed . 
  this will hardly be an exclusive atitude to the uk . 
  i said it here and got massive downvotes , but i 'll write it again . 
  the eu will choose oligarch money over rule of law or ukraine every time . 
  we 're ruled by spineless , self-interested , morally bankrupt human beings . 
  the party system that place them there is morally bankrupt . 
  parties so deep in corrupt corporate and financial interests . 
  a cryptic bureaucratic model , accessible only to those who weaved it . 
  we need a massive overhaul of the democratic process and develop effective ways of transparency and accountability . 
  the interests of the eu are not in line with the interests of it 's citizens . 
  this should be pretty obvious by now . 
  i do n't understand your comment . 
  you were given nukes by the us ? 
  what ? 
  and what i wrote does n't make sense ? 
  he is going to pull this off and we 'll see a nuclear arms race because of it . 
  it 's also going to impact us economic power house status , because people who traded close economic ties , dollar trade and whatnot for military protection , will have to rethink that deal . 
  and after that , who will be interested in dealing in petrodollars ? 
  who wo n't want his gold bullion returned from fort knox ? 
  germany already demanded it . 
  if i were poland or one of the baltic states i 'd leave nato as soon as i develop my own nuclear deterrents . 
  nato is a worthless alliance , useful to spend 1 000 000 dollar per missile on miserable states that are hardly battle worthy opponents . 
  not to mention acting with absurd principles , like the ones with kosovo . 
  but i fear this is what is in design by the military industry . 
  an arms race is just what they want . 
  as is conflict and mayhem . 
  it means oportunity to destroy and to rebuild and with jumpstart the economy . 
  i also expect china to behave more aggressively towards taiwan , vietnam , philippines and the dayu/senkaku islands . 
  india and pakistan towards each other . 
  putin calculisticaly played this out on the good chance nobody will do anything and he annexes crimea , which he ca n't afford to lose or move his fleet from . 
  for the sake of geopolitical stability . 
  let me add that sanctions to a highly nuclear capable country will mean it will distribute nukes to make up for economic losses . 
  and these will end up with the extremist nutjobs that will use them in european cities . 
  none strong . 
  there is clearly no spirit of union in the eu , how can there be talks of a common army ?
