  also , the radical islam part ... nothing new there . 
  and nothing can be done about it . 
  radical religion is the cancer that 'll end modern civilization, 
  means diddly-squat . 
  while concentrating vast wealth and political power in the hands of a select few . 
  at the expense of innocent victims . 
  nice line of thinking you got there . 
  promise not to blow yourself up ? 
  actually it 's the other way around . 
  if it were your typical citizens doing this , the case would get much more hyped and those involved would get much heavier sentences !, 
  as these would n't fall into a category that is deontologically considered as potentially discriminating . 
  in this case , only a few outlets in the media will pick this up . 
  minorities get away with so much when they should n't and this is just wrong and a form of positive discrimination . 
  some say this needs cultural relativism . 
  i say the law should be blind and not riddled with arbitrary discriminatory shelterings . 
  it 's also one of the many perversions of the ethic and deontological guidelines the western press follows . 
  it deliberately hides certain practices from certain cultures from being under the media spotlight . 
  in a way helping to perpetuate them . 
  i was once banned from this sub for saying this exact thing before . 
  the greeks i know would prefer the bottom of the mediterranean than turkey . 
  germany uses banking , industrial and financial speak . 
  having german majorities in such places would raise too many eyebrows . 
  you 're either overreacting or projecting ... 
  calling out something does n't make anyone a paranoid . 
  and what 's wrong with being direct about things ? 
  ... at least you learned a new flag today . 
  now about the impeding collapse . 
  who exactly are you talking about ? 
  portugal has n't collapsed !, 
  a rise in a certain kind of criminality is n't destroying the country . 
  but it does n't mean it should go ignored . 
  it 's important to keep this in mind when legislating . 
  and it `` s pretty valid for discussion and sharing purposes , which , i think , is why we 're all here . 
  unless you want to monologues and just validate your own ideas . 
  i merely point others out to expect a rise in criminality in the peripheries . 
  i support what i said with some reasoning and personal experience . 
  i was n't implying a norwegian mad max 4 . 
  so , the law will go unenforceable ? 
  beggars are everywhere , just expect more of them in the periphery !, 
  and when they go in large numbers to the suburbs , the lack of prying eyes and policing , will favor certain criminal initiatives . 
  and these will happen because begging in suburbias does n't make them enough money . 
  yes you were trying very subtly and very poorly , to call portugal a piece of spain . 
  and i 'm hostile for point that out ? 
  maybe i should start messing my geography as well and say czechoslovakia and place you in eastern europe . 
  first , do n't start by pulling spain 's cities to a portuguese guy living in a portuguese city . 
  if you 're trying to sound smart , those kind of subtleties achieve just the opposite . 
  and portuguese cities are n't that much more demographically dense as norwegian ones . 
  so , despite culturally different , the relevant factors are identical , which are roma beggars and city size . 
  i live in a city about the same size as oslo and roma beggars steal and assault people all the time . 
  they 're organized and employ children and other brutal tactics , like drugging babies with alcohol or heroine just to shut them up . 
  they even intentionally cripple each other to earn more through self-commiseration . 
  the go around in gangs and raiding homes . 
  in algarve , which is tourist area , they raid isolated homes because it 's easier and less risky . 
  often , there are old expats living there that get beaten into a pulp , robbed and sometimes raped . 
  now , the problem is that these `` minorities '' act in gangs and claim racism at any attempt to stop them . 
  they hide in the group . 
  individuals are difficult to prosecute and any attempt to make them follow the same rules as the rest of the citizens , they cry racism and have the backing of many ngo 's . 
  i would only like to see them subject to the rule of law as i am . 
  i want them to have id 's and be able to answer for their actions . 
  instead of giving them carte blanche , land and steady incomes for them to perpetuate their brutish culture . 
   the people who do the begging at the street corners and the people who do the burglaries are not the same . 
  you really have no idea , do you ? 
  saying roma beggars do n't steal really is beyond naive . 
  as someone who was repeatedly and violently assaulted by gypsies while in primary school in the suburbs and as young as 8 . 
  i pity the folks who live in the peripheries of major cities . 
  they 're the ones who 'll have to deal with these gangs of thugs , after these laws are passed . 
  remember to just let them rob wherever , whenever and whatever they want . 
  it 's not worth it to confront them . 
  unless you want to take on the whole clan , for which you and your entire family will likely be killed . 
  if by some miracle you 're still standing , prepare to face the government and a lot of angry ngo 's . 
  our language has twice as many phonemes . 
  you guys do n't even hear half the sounds we make when we speak . 
  your brain literally ignores those sounds . 
  takes some exposure and habituation to perceive them . 
  this is also why we understand and speak other languages more easily . 
  this and the fact we did n't dub our media like most of europe . 
  we mostly use subtitles and this makes for great language learning skills . 
  but it has a perverted effect self-image wise , making us not really like our language . 
  and our language however is not as melodic as english or spanish or even brazilian portuguese , which has lesser phonemes and is therefore simpler and more musical than ours . 
  making music in portuguese is a bit more difficult , but the results are well worth it . 
  take fado for example , it 's narrative power and the amount of information , emotion and language subtleties it can convey gives a serious beating to any rap or hihop song . 
  it is , however , a delicacy not for just any ear . 
  regarding portugal , i 'm very surprised it is n't french or german . 
  i do n't know a single person that has studied spanish . 
  never even saw it as an option while in upper secondary school . 
  who makes these statistics ? 
  so , no wonder in why the uk public dislikes the eu so much . 
  it goes both ways . 
  i do n't dislike the uk , but i 'm really weary of the tidal wave of germanicism within the eu . 
  specially when it has no beneficial aspects in ailing countries . 
  in fact , it 's quite the contrary . 
  it only strengthens the whole imposed austerity process . 
  sadists . 
  your irrelevance and poor manners make me feel nothing at all . 
  your demagoguery stats are unreal . 
  reality is way different . 
  a lot of illegal immigration is n't caught . 
  portugal 's geography makes for that . 
  what of italy , spain , malta , cyprus , greece ? 
  they 're the front of all this .
