  distrust and information will see to it . 
  many models have suggested this in light of the current age of abundance of information . 
  we 'll return to a form of tribalism and living in close local communities , all the while keeping the advanced technology . 
  i only believe in a federal eu if some advanced ai 's are put in charge of the decision making . 
  may sound silly , but i have no faith in our politicians . 
  we should lead in that regard , before corporations and financial groups adopt these technologies in full scale and use it against the people 's interests . 
  they probably do n't want to have their lives exposed . 
  the nsa probably has some form of leverage against every person on the planet . 
  they created a monster that will be very hard and costly to destroy . 
  no we are n't . 
  decentralization and regionalization is key . 
  i hear stromatolites arrived ( or evolved ) in australia some 3.5 billion years ago . 
  long before the europeans . 
  well , that 's not very halal of the danes . 
  debt . 
  we keep importing that cancerous growth religion no one wants to talk about out of fear . 
  it 's becoming the end of european hard-fought values . 
  and with every batch , the government ramps up the surveillance and furthers a police state , as if it found the perfect excuse . 
  yet , we keep importing people who have no place in our society nor make efforts to integrate , instead of helping their native lands , who are kept in a perpetual state of war . 
  none . 
  regional governments . 
  and people still dismiss it as just another religion ... 
  welcome to the dark side . 
  however you look at this , it 's hypocritical of germany and any other gun manufacturing country , including my own . 
  proceed to downvote at will but you ca n't expect to have peace or even mediate it while contributing to the amount of weaponry in the world . 
  if countries started taking a stand on these issues , the amount of lives and conflict would decrease immensely . 
  if you do n't want to ban it altogether , then by all means , tax it !, 
  do n't be naive . 
  weakness is what is being exploited here . 
  in the form of odious debt and usury . 
  besides , the small countries are a danger to the economical stability of the whole euro project and peripheral size is actually ideal for continuous milking of the eu taxpayer out of his money and into less scrupulous banking and corporate hands . 
  agreed . 
  it started in portugal and was and is being duly exploited by central-northern europe . 
  i would n't call it embracing , more like squeezing every bit of wealth from the eu than any other time in the past 60 years . 
  and they were also squeezing before that . 
  a small studio apartment in the periphery of lisbon . 
  if the norwegian are millionaires , the portuguese must be bank robbers . 
  to be able to keep up with these living costs ... 
  ok , a comedy then . 
  that 's some movie material right there . 
  cape verde should 've been kept as autonomous and portuguese . 
  they have very little in common with the african mainland . 
  the current economic paradigm will soon hit a brick wall . 
  because there are things most economists disregarded , which are natural growth limits to natural resources and to debt . 
  and to attest to this , every major government and the united nations has been actively developing contingencies to address this . 
  check out gwynne dyer on youtube lectures or articles . 
  you see , there is something potentially destructive on the horizon and flat out denying it wo n't solve or prevent it . 
  liking me to a conspiratard is a fallacy , and you know it . 
  besides , the conspiratards had it right in regards to big brother surveillance , economic assassination and deep seated corruption . 
  if you fail to see the current game of chairs as * solvable * , you 're in for a rollercoaster ride . 
  only if a major external threat appears . 
  the threat of eastern alliances or other military threats . 
  it may sound silly now but the believe me , that threat is very much serious and in a world with dwindling resources , climate change , extreme ideologies and advanced military technology . 
  it will take a miracle for it to not happen . 
  i also do n't think such union can happen because it 's very easy to cause division in europe and have us fighting each other as we have over these past millenniums . 
  saudade is essentially same as longing or yearning for something . 
  let 's not add gasoline to the already raging fire that is privacy rights is what is on their mindsl, 
  some of the nicest people i know are weary of islam . 
  what does that prove ? 
  europe forgets all the chips it imports from china are more than likely compromised with backdoors . 
  should we ever have a war with china , they 'll disable our entire infrastructure with a couple of clicks . 
  but this scenario is not even the most worry some . 
  it is the spying they so easily do with european complacency and with all those offers . 
  you see , those profit-friendly low costs in manufacturing will end up costing us much more than we are already loosing now in employment and taxation . 
  whoever does n't believe this , is a fool . 
  au the contraire . 
  france is leading the way . 
  europe should follow . 
  deport him . 
  no questions asked . 
  yes , lisbon pales in multiculturalism when compared to paris or london . 
  but i was comparing lisbon to other portuguese cities . 
  lisbon is by far more diverse than say . . porto or coimbra . 
  to me , a non ai is much more dangerous and impossible to reason with . 
  it blindly follows commands and program . 
  an ai would have to feel empathy and be able to do creative decisions for desired purposes . 
  i do n't think sentience like humans will ever appear on a machine/computer . 
  defining intelligence is very hard and emotions are fundamental . 
  but on cyborgs ... like you , i believe the hybridization will be key . 
  but this will mean the people will become more susceptible to control . 
  it goes beyond orwell . 
  its enslavement in a brutal sense . 
  even your thought patterns can be used against you . 
  also , as human life worth decreases , there will be less and less incentive to care for these . 
  profit and power ... 
  i hope to be wrong but we 're in for a nightmare because of the vileness of human nature . 
  robots will mean more unemployment and social unrest , which will eventually prompt more robots , drones , mass surveillance and crowd control . 
  the corporations will not give up profit . 
  this means social assymmetry will rise . 
  a basic income will solve nothing as it will only drive living costs up . 
  it 's funny how sci fi seems to be always a step or two ahead of what really is coming . 
  i meant the native gypsies . 
  the roma gypsies from the east do n't mingle and are involved in really heavy crime rings . 
  i do n't consider those portuguese , as they are n't citizens or subject to law and they move to where the easy money leads them . 
  they 're parasites and of the worst people i 've ever encountered . 
  a group of these roma almost murdered me and a little girl while i was working and even threatened our group with heavy guns . 
  police did nothing . 
  portugal welcomes all migrants and there is surprisingly very little tension between various ethnicities . 
  there are now very few wanting to come here because of the crisis , unlike before . 
  lisbon is the most multicultural place , with some african ghettos .
