  you 're deriving and generalizing accusations of other europeans being racist . 
  that 's actually hints of racism by itself !, 
  if anyone 's infected , it 's most likely you !, 
  give the superiority complex a rest . 
  the cultural bashing is not even worth comparing . 
  the south has been labelled as lazy , stupid and even as `` piigs '' ( the anagram says it all ) !, 
  and most of the money being made has been on the expense of these market prophecies of failed states and defaults . 
  who gets to feel the austerity in full force ? 
  the germans ? 
  north europe ? 
  criticizing markets for behaving like crazy bipolar cave trolls under control of the big players and being labelled as anti-german for it is like the poorest of straw man arguments . 
  that 's what 's really abundant and divisive around this board . 
  i 'm not criticizing germans and i do n't understand your defensive stance , let alone the downvotes . 
  it 's just my opinion on the markets view of the whole eu issue . 
  if denmark gets money for borrowing , fine !, 
  they can join their neighbours . 
  but i view this as a symptom of desired instability and a pushing of northern economies to rift away from the southern ones . 
  let 's see what how new northern leaders will handle this . 
  i 've got a sneaky suspicion this is another nail in the eu coffin . 
  the markets are being pretty clear : the euro is dead . 
  long live the deutsche mark !, 
  germany is essentially being `` advised '' to ditch the euro . 
  the greeks are still largely responsible for their situation . 
  it 's just that they were ill advised and corrupted by financial institutions . 
  and they became the weakest link , being exploited by the markets ad nauseum . 
  what has been happening ever since is the eu 's fault , for not being able to protect their common currency and union members . 
  they 're also corrupted by the same kind of people that corrupted greece in the first place . 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  how can these non-negotiable natural limits on our planets resources be a question of ideology ? 
  how can you not recognize that on a globalized market of supply and demand does n't mean more aggressive disputes and rising prices . 
  capitalism means free market economy . 
  and with this comes a scary truth that money and greed overlaps entrepreneurship and creativity . 
  socialist states play by capitalist principles , or do n't you see it in the blatant consumerism and globalized markets ? 
  do you deny this ? 
  if you do , you 're likely living in north korea . 
  social spending , government-provided services , housing etc , welfare , old age pensions , rigid job market , etc. . . these merely try to maintain some social cohesion and stability instead of letting rampant liberal predatory attitudes balancing them out which would mean great injustice and social violence . 
  you may be against all this and i can relate but know the alternative is really bad . 
  but some middle ground should be reached . 
  besides , all these mean nothing in comparison to the harsh reality that our planet is a closed system and our species is essentially committing suicide by destroying the ecosystem . 
  and that modern economics are fundamentally and mathematically unsound , far from unsustainable and favors the accumulation of wealth by an elite few . 
  you may disagree with this but ignoring or attacking the issue will only make matters much worse in a near future . 
  all modern economic models are nothing but a pyramid scheme , built on loaning money that does not exist and is no more backed by real assets or even by the most optimistic views of the future or sustained growth , those loans generate debt upon debt and if that cycle is broken ( like the sub-prime market or any other bubble ) everything becomes bare . 
  keep in mind that as we hit natural limits on available resources and they in turn get disputed by developing nations and in a globalized market ( see peak oil , food , water , metals ) , these frailties are becoming rather evident . 
  also , the world can not sustain a westernized ecological footprint and as more and more families in developing economies step into middle class , the consumerism ( basis for our capitalist societies ) adds immense strain on already dwindling resources . 
  but also , add global warming , naked derivatives , unregulated markets , rampant corruption and conflicts of interests amongst officials and you get a much grimmer picture . 
  now the world is facing hard choices and as always , its the bottom of the social pyramid that takes the initial shock ( austerity ) . 
  you 're right and that is already happening , but it also generates high unemployment and i doubt that the working forces have enough time to adapt to a different and much more competitive job market . 
  unfortunately , eu formed brain power is leaking into the world and giving the vibrant and emerging economies the very thing you say in your post . 
  i can only imagine some form of neo-luddism in those economies that can break that trend . 
  the solution is education , a permanent education and rehabilitation of people into other areas , such as construction , farming , social services . 
  increase mobility and free flow of workers . 
  for that , many worker rights have to be re evaluated and change . 
  this . 
  it 's so obvious !, 
  and given that emerging economies are putting strain on essentials like oil , metals , food , etc. 
  the problem is the demand problem that looms down the road . 
  the industries of europe wo n't be able to compete with emerging economies for the resources and thus , our industrial output is kaput . 
  europe should be uniting around sustainable industries now , while it still has some economic momentum left . 
  by this , i mean alternate energies , re-usage , recycling , efficient and sustainable agriculture . 
  for this to work , europe needs to stop being the sucker and play head to head with all the big players . 
  the us industry is not interested in our good health . 
  neither are the chinese . 
  in fact , they might even use this crisis to come in , buy high stakes in our industries , scoop up the technology and eventually hamper it . 
  not doom . 
  that bears way too much religious undertones . 
  i see it more like closure or the death of a cycle . 
  predatory capitalism failed the people , corrupted politicians and institutions and ultimately killed representative democracy . 
  whatever comes next has to make sure that wo n't happen again . 
  and it needs to happen through public participation . 
  i hope the whole ordeal happens quickly and orderly while leaving the needed infrastructure standing so people can rebuild their communities . 
  if it does n't , we 'll be progressively enslaved by those few addicted to gains and locked in this suicidal system of never-ending need for growth , money and power . 
  * proceed with the downvoting . 
  well , good luck on diddly-doing that . 
  * could n't resist a ned flanders joke *, 
  uneblievable downvoting of portuguese in this thread . 
  initially higher borrowing costs . 
  oil would rise and eu countries ratings would probably accelerate down . 
  prices would rise abruptly as economies suffer . 
  it could be a triggering factor for riots in europe 's cities . 
  oh , did you just learn that recently ? 
  it 's been like that for a really long time . 
  and i do n't mean to sound sarcastic , but truth is people should really catch up on basic economics and public debt management . 
  gorging on toxic debt may be permitted to a certain extent but when it 's too much , ratings agencies and the ecb/eu start downgrading and even limiting it , but by then the charged interests are even higher ( good for fat banksters ) and eventually the `` too big to fail '' get a bailout ou access to imf/ecb funding or else everything comes crashing down . 
  it 's basically a game of political chicken . 
  and banks do this while looking patriotic to the eye of the public when actually , they get exceedingly high returns when shit is hitting the fan for that country . 
  add this the derivatives market with naked cds ( credit default swaps ) and you get a recipe for complete social breakdown , sponsored by party funding and campaign donations , lobbyists , corrupted institutions , individuals with huge conflicts of interest in public offices and overall corrupt parliaments all over europe . 
  some call this democracy , i call it cleptocracy . 
  the majority of the people are gullible idiots that only act when its already too late . 
  this means nothing . 
  italians probably bought them , given that these are short-term bonds . 
  the problem remains far from solved . 
  update : today , long term debt was auctioned and remained at around 7 % . 
  yes , but not without falling from an economic cliff first . 
  * europeans disdain for the euro hits new heights * ftfy, 
  `` it is lendees need the lenders and not the way around '' but this is extortion . 
  we demand reasonable terms . 
  we demand this debauchery to end !, 
  when we signed on the euro boat , we forfeited currency control and many if not all of the mechanisms of regulating our economy . 
  we were set adrift in a sea of ever increasing debt , and the eu is doing jack shit about it . 
  you know why ?
