  even if it 's done tacitly and goes beyond the chancellor 's power ( for plausible deniability ) . 
  before dismissing this , know that the conspiratards have been getting right lately . 
  germany 's self preservation sentiment is too strong . 
  sure , they 're not blatantly nationalists but they woud n't take unnecessary risks . 
  it 's a cultural trait . 
  being calculistic and an ethnocentric bunch . 
  good for them , but bad for the rest of us that are caught in their orbit , being abused . 
  the entire country stopped at 17h30 just to see 20min of dragon ball !, 
  there 'd be flash mobs of kids and various people in the streets running home to see it . 
  those were crazy days . 
  only if i wanted to bankrupt myself out of money and time . 
  i 'm a shitty writer . 
  i 'd be happy though , going through all those memories . 
  starving and penniless , but happy !, 
  i have very fond memories of the following toys : playmobil , small army figures , legos ... and my favorite : the transformers !, 
  i had a triceratops dinobot and remember getting it around christmas 89 . 
  and the bright colored yoyos , collecting * [ monster catchers ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_utlsxbfhukm/tsdzt_fr3ji/aaaaaaaacaw/wh02m-chu2m/s320/pegamonstros.jpg ) * , [ glowing skulls ] ( http://77.91.202.133/mi/full/2207835054-caveiras+luminosas+matutano.jpg ) that some kids had sown in jackets , [ ninja turtles ] ( http://l.rapimg.com/upload_tmp/4/img_177676514_1311283891_abig.jpg ) everywhere and even in plastic figures . 
  also , small single colored plastic space ships and he-man figures that came with small cake snacks . 
  i loved those !, 
  please someone find me some !, 
  games wise , i have a early memory of circa 1987 , trading scented and small single notebook paper pages . 
  the odd shapes , smells and colors still linger on 25 years later . 
  i remember collecting those packs of stickers with cars or airplanes that cost .50 $ a pack of 4 . 
  i can still remember the cheesy streamlined figures and the smell . 
  i would love to find those . 
  i bet i can still recognize the photos used in the models ( lamborghinis , lotus , ferraris , etc. ) . 
  these would be gambled during games of `` sapadinha '' which consisted of putting your cards/stickers and take turns beating them with your palm trying to turn them . 
  turning upwards would make them yours . 
  a lot cheating happened ... licking palms and such . 
  the [ marbles ] ( http://images01.olx.pt/ui/23/79/20/fotos-de-conjunto-de-berlindes-para-coleccionadores_436057920_1.jpg ) were an enduring craze ... each had it 's own class and name . 
  feiticeiras ( she-wizards ) , vaca leiteiras ( big milk cows ) , esferas ( iron spheres which were violently beaten out of machine bearings with dads sledge hammer ) , ... and played on the ground into a hole . 
  once your hit the hole you got a chance at wining whatever marble was in the ground if you hit it immediately after . 
  we played a lot of soccer and i scored a lot of goals . 
  i was by far the biggest scorer but not the best player though . 
  i had speed and timing . 
  gave that up years later . 
  another thing that i still revisit is the smell of working with clay in prep school . 
  and the [ tools ] ( http://www.pontodasartes.com/fotos/produtos/112755010.jpg ) we used . 
  i was very poor and breakfast was yesterday 's bread soaked in milk and barley . 
  but i lived in the suburbs with a lot of farm and woods . 
  we constantly stole or picked fruit , berries , grapes , corn . 
  stolen food tasted much better and the adventure was awesome . 
  bread and butter were typical snacks . 
  in school we were given chocolate milk which was often stolen and drank copiously . 
  around this time of the year , we 'd celebrate magusto and [ pick and eat chestnuts ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/31/chestnuts02.jpg ) , which were roasted in salt . 
  the colors of the leaves around autumn ... of course we 'd throw chestnuts around and at each other . 
  oh , the good times ... my kids are celebrating one soon . 
  i was never very fond of sweets and they were expensive , but i remember your typical gums . 
  the banana flavor gum will forever be engraved as a childhood flavor . 
  there were no uniforms . 
  our country was very laxed . 
  still is . 
  i wore no hats other than sun hats , occasionally . 
  no cataracts yet !, 
  i wore kispos in the 80s and 90s . 
  also , bomber jackets . 
  i walked 4 miles to school and back each day . 
  i got there almost floating in sweat inside my bomber jacket . 
  i can almost taste those deep bright golden , red and silvery colors of christmas decorations . 
  the smell of cinnamon . 
  the greyness of winter and the feeling of rain outside while being indoors around the christmas tree and playing with my siamese kitten . 
  a part of me sinks inside whenever i think about it . 
  i know memories tend to polish up but it sure felt as happy as i 've ever been . 
  and those eighties pop love songs ... my sister had me on hold by the stereo to tape them whenever something she liked was on . 
  i grew up in 80s 90s . 
  entered primary school in 86 , never missed a year . 
  around 90 , i discovered the early game consoles and loved them !, 
  playing contra , ninja , super mario and other awesome games like jurassic park , sensible soccer , tmnt , etc on those old atlantis tv games . 
  i later upgraded to a megadrive and remember playing classics like fifa , golden axe , streets of rage , psycho pinball , and all the mortal kombats . 
  loved them . 
  still know the combos and fatalities . 
  edit : typos . 
  felt good writting this even if nobody 's going to read this . 
  imagine we did n't have imperialism . 
  we 'd be worse than the poorest african countries . 
  i 'm euskeptic , but not european skeptic . 
  i still feel we should try to get along and respect each other . 
  it 's not like we can drift the country to the middle of the atlantic ( i would if i could ) . 
  the eu project is just rotten . 
  it 's an insidious and massive corruption scheme built to favor the largest economies , create dependencies and take away any form of autonomy . 
  i seriously believe there is a serious and dangerous racist/apartheid agenda behind it . 
  at the very least influencing the outcome of things and national politik . 
  and the usual ethnocentrics are at it again . 
  this is like digital ghettification of eurosceptics . 
  an attempt to make them vent over there and leave old / r/europe be . 
  not happening buddy . 
   saying that everyone and everything let 's not go to absolutes . 
  nor does he imply an armed revolution . 
  the enlightenment was a slow revolution , as was the renaissance , as was my country revolution of 74 . 
  i 'm a reader of marx from before college days . 
  marx begins the communist manifesto praising capitalist societies as being revolutionaries in their own right and by far the largest contributor to the modern age , in it 's values , rights and quality of life . 
  please re-read the first chapter , if you suspect me lying . 
  what brand mentions is that modern society has been hijacked by the super rich . 
  corporations are legislating on their own behalf and getting away with it . 
  they do it through shady deals and corruption . 
  through media and through puppets - the politicians . 
  having read many many books that approach these issues . 
  i 'm sure i can plot the outcome of this . 
  it leads to a world i do n't want to live in . 
  representative democracy is n't working .
