  their no comment segment gives them a very nice touch but says nothing about eu bias in any way . 
  i actually like euronews and are my favorite tv channel for news . 
  rt is heavily anti western establishment . 
  and it does n't even dare criticize russia . 
  al jazeera is n't european but it 's also very partial to the `` muslim plight '' and is also very sectarian . 
  bbc news is my favorite , but it avoids confronting the british government or anything controversial . 
  euronews is watchable and quite toned down . 
  but it has a strong eu bias and only skims on most news . 
  there are no in depth analysis and everything reads out as superficial . 
  so , there is n't a single independent news source , so i find it 's best to check them all out and rationalize what is common ground or has been truncated and exclude opinionated parts . 
  proper sourcing in articles and scientific peer review is prefered . 
  reddit is great for that part , as it debunks and adds perspectives to the discussion of any subject . 
  but like in my own country 's newspapers forums , reddit is becoming riddled with astroturfers and trolls . 
  mod censorship and corruption ( getting paid to lay click bait ) is also a growing problem here . 
  german banks , trying to recover from stupid gamblings and being duped by wall street and their toxic products , now turn to whatever is nearby to replenish their spreadsheets . 
  and austerity is their golden goose . 
  who cares if it ends with a broken union or leaves us bordering war . 
  they have the whole of germany by their side . 
  and who would dare face such heavy weight ? 
  it 's germany who dictates policies . 
  it 's german courts that hold budgets hostage . 
  it 's the german suffrage that decides on our union 's strategies . 
  if we go down that road again and the german people , once again , do n't own up to their responsibilities , there wo n't be anything left of europe . 
  it 's germany and other rich countries that should be hiting the streets in protest for these white collar crimes . 
  `` the reality is that the german government has primarily responded to the euro zone crisis in ways that advance the interests of the german banks . '', 
  been saying this for years around here and mindlessly downvoted . 
  this is such an obvious truth , that refusing to accept this should declare anyone borderline insane !, 
  wilfully participating in mass delusions or some deviant form of stockholm syndrome . 
  i personally adhere to a `` people behave like `` temporarily embarassed millionaires '' , that famous steinbeck quote , that now crosses the pond and perfectly fits our modern european middle class and also our sub demographics . 
  that and of course ... the pervasive chauvinistic tendencies of the countries in question . 
  and these just should n't . 
  not again . 
  please , for the love of everything and anything , just not again !, 
  sound the drums of war . 
  clones of nigel farage will occupy the european parliament and demand the british checks be returned . 
  before they bounce , that is , and put the entire uk to shame . 
  next step : invest in goldman sachs financial products . 
  high-risk , high-profit gamblings , aided by gross speculation and insider trading . 
  in other words , tuesdays !, 
  but the kafkaesque part is not in the descriptor . 
  the real bizarre part will be the fact that he 'll be advised to pay and will likely pay for all this to go away . 
  it 's just not worth the hassle and the insane levels of bureaucracy involved which would cost him and the state ( all of us ) much more than those 41 euros . 
  seems to me we need a technological solution and fast !, 
  and yes , direct democracy and confidence voting should be available to the public at all times . 
  i also think we should start making people accountable for their choices . 
  not just the politicians and leaders , but the people as well . 
  this in order to prevent thoughtlessness in voting and encourage a good level of involvement and assertiveness . 
  if such technology gets implemented , then voting must be obligatory and voting blank or null should not be permitted . 
  if people do n't like it , they must either relegate their vote to another , or suggest an alternative of their own . 
  and organize themselves accordingly . 
  suppose we live in a welfare state with basic income and mass unemployment . 
  people will have the time for it . 
  much like ancient athenians , who relegated work to slaves and devoted themselves to the arts , war and politics . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's fear of the roma gipsy hordes that reside there . 
  and fear that these mafias will metastasize onto other western members . 
  the romanians and bulgarians deserve a gold medal for enduring them all these years without resorting to final solutions . 
  i suspect other more evolved countries would n't be so lenient and perhaps that is what has been avoided so far - the complete inability to control and failure to integrate these parasitic `` minorities '' . 
  i 've seen it happen , but in indoor concerts and with your standard metal band giving playing . 
  obscure metal bands can be quite the experimentalists . 
  and they 're know for straying into the rock/pop/goth domain . 
  and if the concert is intimist or to a small audience it can happen . 
  i do n't think such a thing it 's possible in the death/grind/thrash genre ... though it would be a sight to watch . 
  i also do n't attend that much of metal concerts anymore , so i may be completely wrong . 
  i think the problem of poland is the polish people . 
  they 're just too polish . 
  why ca n't you accept that there are individuals who choose against integration , no matter how much money or conditions you give them ? 
  you have many examples of radicalization occurring outside ghettos and in typical middle class families . 
  some go as far as fight in religious wars abroad . 
  and these are n't a small percentage . 
  second generation migrants will be more radical than their parents . 
  this is a consequence of 21 ^ st century tribalism and the lack of structure in society . 
  it 's a global phenomenon that is here to stay and many sociologists have confirmed this . 
  it 's just how society organizes itself . 
  and when under pressure , these situations will happen more and more . 
  it happens across in all primate societies , humans included . 
  signs of innate and embedded group behavior . 
  multiculturalism is a catalyst for strife . 
  only when economic conditions are excellent do these tone down , but even then , they do n't fade . 
  it can be seen as racist or just pernicious to admit it , but what should happen is just keep minorities what they are - minorities . 
  that and apply the same law every other citizen gets ( apart from the rich , obviously ) . 
  not have positive discrimination , relativism and open door policies . 
  racism exists and rises because of these policies . 
  it 's forcing confrontation and escalation across society . 
  red and green are a big no no in design . 
  edit : i 'd like to add that the white and blue from before 1910 were much more appeasing to the eyes . 
  mixing it with the historical symbols of the republican [ would be better ] ( http://fc01.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2012/065/9/c/portugal_bandeira_alternativa_6_by_zetopazio-d4rwewa.jpg ) . 
  but i would do away with the symbols and stick to a simple blue , white and black flag . 
  edit : i designed [ my ideal portuguese flag ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xnlh4ed.png ) in illustrator . 
  how about portugal , where houses are only possible to be paid with 50 year time frames and take up 70 % of the families budgets ( on average and with current euribor rates ) . 
  a sudden change in interest rates and the country collapses with domino like defaults, 
  schauble was the finance minister !, 
  by no means an irrelevant position . 
  his voice can and has literally has destroyed whole economies by raising concerns and interest rates . 
  so , you 're saying if we paid tribute to caesar , caesar would be magnanimous . 
  to hell with justice , equality , equity and distribution of wealth . 
  either we 're with germany or against it . 
  again , the bipolar demented attitude that dragged us through two world wars and perhaps a economic one . 
  germany has been on the forefront on privatised interests . 
  it 's banking and industries have never been better .
