  apologies , i speak for myself !, 
  not typically portuguese * thing * to be so vocal against something or someone . 
  i was once a europhile . 
  that is , until i came in contact with other europeans in their home countries . 
  it disgust me . 
  so many bad experiences from people i thought were sophisticated and socially evolved . 
  far from the treatment i gave at home , towards fellow europeans . 
  i grew up some more and that view cemented itself because very few dared to counter it . 
  my experience with northern europeans was a disgrace , even prior to the 2008 crisis . 
  southern europeans were considered a subspecies of humans . 
  i heard some balkan type of shit talk from germans , swiss , dutch . 
  and after 2008 it all came crashing down , like a dam of bile that had been pent up for decades . 
  i could n't agree more when you say trust has to be earned . 
  historically , trust among europeans is bar fight topic . 
  much more back stabbing than anyone can be comfortable with . 
  we all start with negative amounts of trust . 
  i distrust the intentions of northern europe and i distrust the eu which is puppet of germany - a most woodenfaced mischievous nation set on realizing centuries old imperialistic ambitions now through economic weight . 
  and while a vast majority welcomes the germanification of europe , in line with the modern prevailing self-loathing sentiment among europeans , i do n't . 
  i know the eu 's fate , because it is designed to fail . 
  it 's painfully obvious . 
  i predict a world of suffering coming to every young european , particularly those in the south . 
  but there are many wildcards coming into play - russia , china , is , us , the uk , and perhaps the schemers of all this wo n't get theirs either . 
  podemos is definitely a step in the right direction . 
  we should rid ourselves from cronies and their decades long grip of power and institutionalized corruption . 
  if podemos wins a chance to govern , it will be very difficult against the current `` establishment '' , the corporate and financial world . 
  but i sure want them to succeed . 
  and i hope europe changes with them . 
  maybe i 'll become a europhile again . 
  i distrust the eu greatly . 
  not out pf whims but because its broken and corrupt . 
  and i 'm not against a union of europeans though , although it should happen because of mutual interests and to face eastern menaces . 
  i acknowledge the many differences between all of us and we should n't abolish thay because it 's impossible . 
  xenophobia is culturally embedded into all nations . 
  i 've witnessed this many times . 
  germans and other northern nations will instinctively despise portuguese and mediterranean people . 
  and we will always distrust them as belligerent and manipulative . 
  we do have common goals or `` enemies '' though . 
  yes you are . 
  you hate white people with a passion . 
  white colonial guilt has neutered europe . 
  it 's become a dangerous pastime aching to some new religion similar to self-inflicting catholicism . 
  because of this , any and all objectivity is lost , along with any sense of justice and equality . 
  europeans will wither into rewritten pages of history as monsters who ate oppressed minorities and were righteously vanquished by god . 
  we are pathetic . 
  i 'm not really that interested in whitewashing bad deeds because there is a demand for it . 
  to me that 's being criminally opportunistic . 
  you see that as entrepreneurship and honorable . 
  red flag ( with a bird ! ), 
  right there !, 
  albania has a long way to go still and making excuses solves nothing . 
  anecdotal evidence brutish generalizations ? 
  that there zeroes things out , right ? 
  hang around this sub long enough and you 'll get a horrible painting of portuguese . 
  retarded , lazy , not paying their debts , living beyond their means and relying on good ol' germany for leftovers . 
  i 've seen it and heard irl many many times . 
  europe is a shithole . 
  the eu is a joke . 
  if you think we 're sophisticated and somehow elevated above petty generalizations , we 're not . 
  here 's how i see it , you stay on your side of the fence and i 'll stay on mine . 
  the allies got their ass handed to them by the germans in wwii . 
  they vastly outnumbered nazi germany in both human power , military units and budgets . 
  the reason was that the germans were highly organized , motivated while having serious training and higher degree of autonomy in combat situations . 
  the allies were a mess and still are . 
  it 's a mentality thing and comes from internal dissonance . 
  were it not for russia 's strong winters , vast numbers and will to throw its own people to the meat grinder and the west would 've capitulated . 
  i 'm not saying russia is bigger and stronger . 
  it 's just more united than nato . 
  there is no dissonance and the hierarchy works more efficiently . 
  even public support wise , they win . 
  if push comes to show , western people will undermine everything for any remote chance of peace . 
  there no longer is any shred of patience and sacrificial sentiment in society . 
  yes . 
  much skill in drug trafficking , slavery and organ harvesting . 
  albania is beacon of civilization . 
  in my country we have a saying : `` perdidos por 100 perdidos por 1000 '' which means `` losing for 100 might as well lose for 1000 '' . 
  putin may very well chose to escalate things to maintain political cohesion . 
  i have a feeling the baltic states , moldovans , romanians , ukrainians , polish finns and swedes will get jumped soon . 
  major clusterfuck is coming . 
  nato and the eu are in a pathetic state . 
  no fran\u00e7oise hardy ? 
  an upgraded mutant tentacled version of a muslim . 
  under international law oliven\u00e7a is still portuguese , yet spain does n't give a fuck . 
  may seem unlikely because of nato but nato is irrelevant and hardly motivated to intervene in relevant paired matches . 
  it existed to push the military industrial complex through times when war was unpopular and hardly to start over again . 
  that feeling has passed and a proper conflict would be most profitable . 
  this is something general loureiro dos santos said many times . 
  and rest assured nobody in europe , particularly in the north and center , that would give a damn about portugal being blown apart . 
  maybe spain or the brits might . 
  any and all portuguese military targets , like ships , planes or bases , would be targeted by russians soon after . 
  if the government stood by the decision of shooting the plane , then the government and civilians would become targets next . 
  meanwhile , a lot of stern letters and general european idleness would probably follow . 
  we 'd be invaded and a tame sympathetic puppet government would be put in place . 
  no because they would n't be based on ethnicity or religious creed . 
  says so in the constitution of many countries . 
  it 's discriminating information gathering . 
  are n't these statistics illegal to gather ? 
  and are n't they overlooking 2 ^ nd and 3 ^ rd generation muslims ? 
  nothing . 
  the solution is to decrease work hours . 
  to no effect .
