  it 's sad . 
  i was expecting mankind would delay this nuclear inevitability a few more years . 
  hopefully after we had placed some of our eggs in a different basket ( planet ) . 
  i , for one , would welcome the dissolution of the eu . 
  at the very least , my country 's exit from eu . 
  unfortunately we can not * tectonically * drift away . 
  that 's how much i love europe . 
  edit : thank you for respecting the reddiquette . 
  that 's a very european like sentiment . 
  be selective with the rules and whenever possible bury voices of dissent . 
  a selfish narrow sighted answer . 
  look around . 
  see worker rights being curtailed . 
  see precariousness and abuses at work . 
  see young people unable to start families . 
  see living costs rising . 
  see tuitions and debt rising . 
  see funds diverted into privateers . 
  see pensions being cut and wages going down . 
  see cameras in streets . 
  see your networked communication history in the hands of private interests and government `` security '' . 
  see people being detained and held indefinitely without charge . 
  see wars being launched against public interests . 
  see war criminals being re-elected . 
  see legitimate protesting outlawed . 
  see homelessness being outlawed . 
  see young people driven into the periphery of society . 
  unbelievable levels of complacency here . 
  this is the reason we do n't have nice things any more . 
  because of this wave of spineless apathetic relativism 's . 
  if snowden had n't blown the lid on this , it would have denied into oblivion and dismissed as * tinfoil hattery * . 
  it would n't be approved in political debates and more power would be exercised in the media to censor such doubts . 
  it 's so easy talking about things in the present as if you 'd known them all along . 
  but if you think about it , it 's just amounts to replacing cynicism with cowardliness . 
  we go from suspecting and plausible denial to knowing things as facts , it 's dire implications , and yet still doing nothing about it !, 
  how castrated the world has become !, 
  i used to think we are lacking in leadership , but i guess these only mirror our lack of morally upright people . 
  and you write as if we did n't have voting or boycotting power . 
  as if we were forbidden to protest and demand our rights be safeguarded . 
  i lack words to describe the fit of rage your comment induces . 
  so every country does this ? 
  why the hell should n't we do anything about it ? 
  you and every other person who think alike over this are dead wrong !, 
  and this mentality in the face of these blatant civil rights abuses only invite escalation and boldness . 
  seriously , what can snowden do at this point ? 
  putin would hand him to the americans , who would likely skin him alive and would even `` give '' east ukraine to russia for him . 
  you got to see past snowden , past the whole ad hominem , empathy or not , and focus on the contents he revealed . 
  now if germany or some other nation in the eu grew some balls and gave snowden asylum . 
  but no ... money and power trump any kind of moral integrity . 
  a propeller and a pocket protector . 
  just gorgeous ... 
  much like neighboring portugal , spain is better now than it was a couple of years ago , but it 's people are worse than they were a couple of years ago . 
  we had and are still having massive depreciation in pretty much everything , from living standards , employment to everyday costs . 
  how things are holding together socially is a mark of resilience and restraint . 
  so , the country is slightly better but the people are much worse . 
  this is the paradoxical paradigm we live in . 
  then they should overthrow him . 
  no countries should get involved in their own affairs . 
  take to the streets and challenge those islamist thugs . 
  how they got away with this song back in the 80s is almost like russia getting away with it today . 
  how convenient . 
  is it by any chance related to the hungry bear at their gates ? 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure ms. merkel has already brokered a deal to keep germany out of it and even reap some rewards . 
  it is . 
  just not here . 
  the amount of astroturfing is too damn high . 
  you 're the one arguing centuries of europe shaping turkey . 
  i agree . 
  but i agree that they did just that but towards irreconcilable sentiments . 
  and it goes both ways . 
  most of eu dislikes and distrusts turkey and that feeling is mutual . 
  one could say , judging by electoral choices , that the turkish population and politicians are less likely to accept europe than we to accept them . 
  well , they are a bad memory in europe . 
  so do n't go through those arguments . 
  this all boils down to them being a non-secular , religiously radical even , mafia state and therefore completely incompatible with modern european civilization . 
  their people voted and chose a thug to remain in office . 
  to deny genocides , oppress minorities ( kurds ) , impose religious doctrines and be a source of regional instability . 
  merely acknowledges the puppet master . 
  do you deny merkel 's influence and gravitas ? 
  the turkish people seem to have . 
  one has to be a blind fool to not see the canyon separating western european values from current islamic ones . 
  they have chosen to remain out of the eu and i 'm pretty ok with it . 
  they keep electing the same fundamentalist thug . 
  it 's hard not to separate the turkish people from the miserable choices they keep making . 
  so , i have to agree with merkel 's minion on this one , as much as it disgusts me . 
  i wonder how this will reflect on elections , given turks and turkish descendants compose 5 to 10 % of germany . 
  they 'll regret it . 
  and when they do it 'll probably be too late . 
  the eu poses a threat to the eu . 
  the eu core wants nothing more than a buffer zone it can control and feed from . 
  the periphery of europe will eventually gangrene and be cut off . 
  a smaller tighter eu will follow with only core countries . 
  the most german sounding name i can recall is probably heinz . 
  which i do n't even know if it 's a first name . 
  this is due to an absurdly high number of german `` heinz '' jokes . 
  nasty stuff . 
  not racist , but pretty violent and gruesome . 
  this heinz fella is as stupid as he is sadistic . 
  he also does mindlessly the whole `` jawohl mein f\u00fchrer '' thing . 
  example : jews , today half of you will get to go home !,
