  i was pointing out the shitty & selfish practices by the uk 's government . 
  i do n't see myself on the actions of my government . 
  in fact , hardly anyone i know does . 
  it was elected by less than 20 % of voters . 
  a more fitting government would be a part time government enacting what some 65 % empty parliament approved . 
   countries competing with each other over the best government and cultural model is what made europe superior that 's a great anti-eu/federal europe statement . 
  i agree !, 
  sovereignty is key to maintaining this superiority . 
  not handing it over to the most powerful and influential countries , namely germany , as these will obviously cater to their own interests and keep the smaller countries economic interests in the background . 
  a race to the bottom indeed . 
  coming from a brit whose country accounts for the most offshore tax-dodging banking deregulated cannibalizing biz in the world . 
  it 's only fair given the amount of fiscal theft from ireland and the netherlands which is home to all our stock market indexed companies . 
  or the theft of our most qualified youth that represents a huge investment in education lost entirely to other countries benefit , namely switzerland , germany and northern europe . 
  does the eu make any sense at all ? 
  does anyone have any moral or political high-ground to criticize portugal ? 
  in relation to the news itself , it 's too bad because our already old population will just get older . 
  and this will attract the eastern mafias like flies . 
  our police is good , but not that good , particularly with all the cuts and austerity . 
  cops are busy offing themselves with their service pistols . 
  by tending to their own bellies . 
  opportunist immoral illegal unethical excuse for a country . 
  what a pathetic hypocritical display of respect . 
  doing this at the same time they 're seeding the conditions for an even bigger conflict in europe . 
  jokes on you !, 
  / u/rolten is a bored ethiopean jew living on welfare in the netherlands !, 
  yeah , birds !, 
  more like drones armed with comedic relief . 
  you do n't tell me what to do !!, 
  / booking flight, 
  i like the question threads . 
  it basically turns a thread into a curated wikipedia that actually teaches things and offers insight into why other countries are the way they are . 
  people actually learn interesting stories and engage with each other . 
  i did a few , but the one i 'm most fond of is the one about [ each country 's epic heroes ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1jewp4/who_are_your_countrys_epic_heroes/ ) . 
  well , let 's see . 
  conspiracy theorist . 
  sad . 
  entertaining . 
  all personal qualities with absolutely no substance regarding the issue being discussed . 
  and my personal history being scoured for more `` entertaining '' arguments . 
  this is textbook ad hominem . 
  discredit the man and you discredit the message . 
  i anticipate some years of economic grief followed by a quick recovery and above all , control over currency and economic policies . 
  it may be a political gamble , but i do n't think there 's a better choice . 
  a slow withering and complete relinquish of sovereignty is whats in store for us . 
  it has n't happened because of political weakness . 
  the ruling class is so deeply owned by foreign interests that it 's nearly impossible to overcome this . 
  finally , someone with common sense . 
  spot on . 
  do point them out . 
  acusing is easy . 
  backing things up and properly rebutting them is another entirely . 
  desperate times need desperate measures . 
  we need a new kind of leadership . 
  one that does n't radically shift opinions upon visiting berlin , like our current prime minister does . 
  i do n't think we need to sever ll ties , merely stand up for ourselves and leave the german shadow . 
  other countries should be thinking that too . 
  how about facts ? 
  arguments ? 
  are those allowed in your world views ? 
  germany is a double edged sword and in my view , not worth it . 
  do come here if actually respect our country and people . 
  you 'll be welcomed by all , even me . 
  if you come with a hateful discriminating mindset , then do n't . 
  we 're growing in number . 
  the party called eu that 's is all about cannibalizing peripheral countries for the sake of the germanic core . 
  oh you work more than us ? 
  that 's so great for you !, 
  yeah , let 's do each other a favor and put some political and economic distance between us . 
  completely agreed . 
  oh , do n't forget . 
  do n't visit here either . 
  do n't say that . 
  that 's verboten . 
  funny you say that because the largest ongoing accusations in portugal involve german companies actively corrupting officials . 
  it has been uncovered that there is also a very strong pressure within europe to buy from certain industries within europe , completely defeating what merkel says about free market competitiveness . 
  she ca n't demand privatization and force decisions that go against our own interests . 
  it was also textbook greece as well . 
  i mean the military contracts . 
  we had much better deals with the americans or the russians . 
  germany out competes us in everything and dictates whatever we do . 
  if we failed it was also because it was pre-ordained and served german interests . 
  this has been proven . 
  the amount of profit german companies got with the 2008-2014 sovereign debt crisis was enough to help them recover from the lehman brothers wall street debacle they were so deeply and naively invested on . 
  it was no accident . 
  real politik or real ekonomik , you ca n't deny this . 
  now we have a situation were the assymmetry between both countries is such that german companies can sweep our economy at sale prices , given they have much lower and available lines of credit with the lowest rates , while our companies have abusive ones , when they get one . 
  germany is actively bleeding us of natural resources , even so far as labor we so deeply invested into . 
  an entire generation lost , not because of mismanagement but because it serves german interests . 
  it 's good to have a legion of well educated and trained southern europeans to work for peanuts on german industries . 
  i do n't hate germany . 
  germany is just doing what it 's natural to them and to their interests . 
  i just want to leave the german shadow once and for all . 
  i do n't trust germany and it will be our destruction . 
  calling me childish is yet another ad hominem . 
  adds nothing to the discussion . 
  to me that 's just repeating the same xenophobic bullshit from yesteryear that implies we 're a bunch of unruly corrupt and inferior . 
  i 've actually heard this same tripe on quite a few occasions and from the usual suspects . 
  in the 19 ^ th century ? 
  you should stand today in any pub or coffee shop in germany/denmark/netherlands / finland to really appreciate the toxic xenophobic bile towards southern europeans . 
  it 's a german car , obviously .
