  i have lived in a car . 
  it sucks . 
  it sucked i had a job and still could n't afford all expenses and was n't eligible for any support !, 
  now if only i were a gypsy or some other naturally oppressed minority ... dat welfare !, 
  europe has failed . 
  there 's way too many similar stories here . 
  the excuse of lacking funds or any support grid for these cases are unconvincing . 
  ubiquity of guns . 
  romani gangs and eastern mafias . 
  competing for ripping off tourists , wealthy old expats and also mainly for western europe 's main gateway for drugs , guns and sexual slavery . 
  seeing this put hair on my chest . 
  [ mine . 
  interesting choice of words . 
  muslims * blown * out of proportion . 
  this is why current nuclear power is the biggest stupidity we could embark on . 
  on paper , it 's unbelievably good !, 
  in practice , it 's far too risky and costly to the general population . 
  we ca n't prevent human errors and we ca n't predict earthquakes , tornadoes or any other natural calamity , let alone jihadis and other terror groups from attacking them . 
  if anything happens , land becomes irradiated for centuries ... even those who far away from it . 
  effectively removing kebab since 722 ad . 
  now seriously , people are fleeing the country in droves !, 
  who the hell wants to settle here ? 
  there are no jobs and hardly any evidence or hope it 'll ever get better . 
  i blame people like you for them living like this . 
  with your tags and decrying racist every chance you get . 
  you create the perfect background noise for this to proliferate in the 21 ^ st century . 
  feral children living in squalid conditions growing up to become violent antisocial individuals ... all because of an absurd and criminal form of political correctness , sjw like yourself and of course the racists . 
  romani are gypsies , for the millionth time ... 
  in portugal our gypsies are the same . 
  in northern spain it 's also like this . 
  these people live in squalors by choice . 
  they 're formatted to this by their cultural habits . 
  i recall passing by a `` squalor '' such as this one on my way to work and see many high powered vehicles parked in front . 
  they are also very feral and abusive towards outsiders . 
  they all live on given land and get many subsidies , all the while keeping parallel economies , drug and people traffic and other criminal activities . 
  we ca n't resolve the gypsy issue as it would mean taking us back to the middle ages . 
  might as well pay them what they want and give them free reign . 
  melilla or oliven\u00e7a for instance . 
  whatever it is n't it 's likely nuclear armed and has a nasty attitude . 
  russia should join the eu . 
  they are !, 
  they 're allowing it and even subsidizing it . 
  addressing the issue will land you in jail and label you a racist . 
  submit to it . 
  it 's over . 
  you 're making it a race issue . 
  it 's a continent of origin issue . 
  this mess would n't even happen if it were not for the complete absurdities in immigration policies and policing . 
  then spain should suffer being broken apart . 
  what you 're justifying is absurdity . 
  nothing preventing someone from usurping what is culturally historically and legally someone else 's , particularly when they are in a weak condition . 
  you 're advocating jungle law . 
  it 's the line of reasoning bullies employ and the same logic that will probably end the world somehow someday . 
  i could give you the same reply over and over again . 
  l e g a l i t y, 
  does denmark want scania back ? 
  is there a legal dispute ? 
  because portugal wants oliven\u00e7a back and is legally entitled to it , regardless of genocide and past cultural displacements , which btw failed . 
  spain in its chauvinistic bouts , failed miserably to erase portuguese presence . 
  it is not forgotten . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  if someone occupies your backyard and stays there , would you use that argument ? 
  take oliven\u00e7a back from spain . 
  just to stir shit up . 
  fuck that . 
  play it in kobane . 
  could be their national anthem . 
  dear god , if the winds blow south , we 're doomed !, 
  it 's not * just * erdogan !, 
  why does everyone insist on dissociating an elected leader from it 's electorate ? 
  he merely reflects the opinions and stances of a majority that elected him . 
  this leads to `` forgetfulness '' , de-responsabilization and other non-constructive issues that lead us all back to making the same mistakes over and over again . 
  turkey is a big country , i get it !, 
  and there are a lot of good people , which are pro democracy and secular !, 
  sadly , they 're not the majority that matters right now . 
  so , islamism is running rampant . 
  violence , incarceration of journalists , blatant corruption and historical revisionism are at an all time high !, 
  all this does makes turkey ineligible for eu accession . 
  were it not a geopolitical prized asset , even nato would do well and sever ties with this turkey . 
  gold !, 
  looks like some big siege weaponry . 
  roll this up to the swedish border . 
  i 'm sure it will catch them off guard !, 
  and of course , film the look on their faces . 
  excellent !, 
  had not seen that one yet !, 
  do n't forget it also legitimizes military retaliation . 
  disgusting creature !, 
  horrible looking creature . 
  i ai n't sleeping tonight . 
  that 's some scary shit !, 
  i doubt germany only has a jackalope to write about . 
  c'mon , you guys were the source of most fairy tales everyone grew up with !, 
  if people do n't want to contribute , it 's fine . 
  but i suspect a treasure trove of monsters across europe . 
  it is n't . 
  is he trippin ' on acid ? 
  portugal 's biggest monster is without a doubt [ adamastor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adamastor ) !, 
  though we call him mostrengo ( hedious monster ) . 
  he 's as big as an island and tall as a mountain .
