  are you seriously comparing those to abusive marriages with the backing of an entire community of bigots and fundies ? 
  that is pretty low . 
  how i wish people like you would reincarnate as gay women in these societies . 
  we dun goofed . 
  fundamentalist islam is much much worse than fundamentalist catholicism . 
  having experienced the latter first hand . 
  islam is by far the largest threat to democracy and rule of law . 
  it 's far more misogynistic and violent than anything else . 
  it 's more than religion . 
  it 's everything from economics , politics , law , food , clothing , hygiene and even fashion habits ... and it 's intolerant and virulent . 
  i hate all religion , but islam is the one that 's going to swallow europe whole . 
  obvious . 
  the overtaking company has access to capital and low interest rates . 
  if it were a greek owned company , they would n't get any loan whatsoever . 
  it 's funny how democracy seems to `` endanger '' everyone and bring about collapse . 
  those basic constitutional principles to which everyone here adheres to , are now seen as incompatible with the way society is restructuring itself . 
  maybe the social model being put forth by the eu is not really going to be better than it was and is a free fall from here . 
  benefitting only the wealthy elites . 
  why then continue such project ? 
  it 's obvious the people will reject it and will push to leave this false union . 
  careful . 
  the euro is not the dollar and could n't pull that off as well as the americans , being worlds reserve currency . 
  and the americans are stretching an already tight and chewed rope . 
  a good part of this crisis originated in the us and probably orchestrated as well . 
  they 're playing a dangerous double game . 
  a couple more years and all those alternate health cares will be merged together . 
  military adse and general public health . 
  and a couple years more after that they 'll be privatized and americanized . 
  old people will die and less money on pensions will be spent . 
  also , more people will flee the country as we regresse into the 1920s . 
  i think cape verde and east timor could have been kept as an autonomous regions , if they 'd chosen it and for their own benefit of course . 
  yes , but with rampant global warming and energy demands , it will be worth bickering about . 
  more power and control at the hand of the wealthy . 
  what has britain come to ... selling themselves off to zuckerberg and his ilks for a few coins in tax and the promiscuity ( illegal and immoral ) free access to any users accounts . 
  people have no idea the amount of money being made off of them and this new social media paradigm . 
  not to mention the dangerous path it 's leading us to , in the current economic crisis context . 
  tread carefully . 
  do n't even bother calling me a neo-luddite . 
  i doubt we 'll get involved militarily . 
  but after that whole regime is thrown , we 'll probably contribute to economically ease that people 's suffering . 
  i just do n't want to see or read about orange-suite prisoners being flown through our airspace . 
  guantanamo is a gross violation of human rights and while that shit hole exists , every muslim will have plenty hate and reason to target western interests . 
  if you want to discuss more important issues , then the whole japan-china islands dispute is several magnitudes more dangerous , interesting and complex . 
  bad times indeed for anything . 
  but the good times are n't coming back . 
  not without a market revolution or some kind of reset . 
  but i suspect economy dynamics has hit it 's peak and all that is left is a bumpy and fast fall . 
  competition is no longer what it used to . 
  the market tendency has been to concentrate . 
  look at the media example . 
  30 years ago things were more spread apart and competing . 
  same goes for cell and data communication ( isp ) . 
  car industry , food industry , big pharma , even audit and investment companies . 
  they all concentrate . 
  you see , bigger companies , like banks , to which they are tied , need to grow and the only space left is their competition . 
  remember banks were in lack of people borrowing and opened up the subprime loans . 
  same goes for large companies . 
  to them this is the logical next step but it 's going to end badly for us . 
  cartelization and being too big to fail , not to mention the huge legislative influence they have , through lobbying and political sponsoring or corruption ... 
  i could give many more examples . 
  there is n't any ideology behind what i 'm saying . 
  it 's just an observation of the obvious . 
  i disagree . 
  nationalisations can go wrong , much like anything in life . 
  but nationalisations are subject to democratic scrutiny or being called into question by political or even citizen opposition . 
  not to mention that it can be put to good use and ramping up the economy ( i.e , lowering fuel , energy and water prices to exporting companies or the socially troubled , low cost social transportation , health care for the poor ) privatization can go well but rarely does . 
  it is usually like a shroud being dropped on something . 
  the number of factions involved becomes much higher , as does the potential for corrupting any government or companies . 
  anything goes as long as maximum profit is attained . 
  and the sweetest targets are monopolies like water , energy , public transportation , etc. 
  the ones that do n't have much market competition . 
  and the ones the people and the companies ca n't really escape from . 
  not really a problem in light of the bigger social crisis . 
  in fact , pornographic incomes being earned , no matter what area , seem kinda representative of all that 's wrong with society . 
  privatization is a catalyst for social inequality and high-level/large scale fraud . 
  i am not communist !, 
  if only we had the work ethic of polar bears . 
  portugal and spain are very different . 
  while half of spain could n't care any less for nationalism , the other half certainly makes up for them . 
  in portugal , things are more toned down . 
  some might take this as due to being weak ... 
  if franco had gone through with his [ `` conquista '' of portugal in 24 hours ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/spain/3373194/gen-franco-wanted-to-declare-war-on-portugal.html ) , all this would n't matter now !, 
  he most certainly would 've failed ... miserably !, 
  and spain might have become a portuguese province ( but we do n't really want that ) . 
  how about that , iberians ? 
  seriously ... the conquest of portugal in 24 hours ?!? 
  is that even possible without tactical nukes or high speed trains ? 
  luckily we are now prevented from all that since we created a fiendish toll system ( troll system ? ), 
  in our once simple highways and by devising a cryptic and absurd way to pay for them . 
  it involves broken payment machines and support lines to operators who do n't even speak english , let alone spanish . 
  all they 'd get is lengthy queues and blood clots in the brain from anger !, 
  oh and heat strokes !, 
  because there is no shade while waiting !, 
  really massive trolling by the government , if you ask me . 
  i pity any wannabe conqueror of portugal . 
  no , there are other disputes but they are dormant . 
  portugal disputes [ oliven\u00e7a ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olivenza ) with spain . 
  by law and by signed treaties , oliven\u00e7a is portuguese and had always been portuguese . 
  spain also disputes [ gibraltar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar ) and morocco disputes [ ceuta ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ceuta ) and [ melilla ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/melilla ) with spain . 
  the portuguese [ savage islands ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/savage_islands ) is disputed by spain .
