  turkish authorities condone this . 
  they feel like this is the greatest thing ever . 
  they get to help muslims into europe , they rid themselves of syrians and they destroy the european local communities that are forced to take in these immigrants , whereas turkey would n't spend a dime with this . 
  i would n't be surprised if they were found financing leaflets and manifs among european muslims , calling all europeans islamophobes and murderers . 
  so iceland was in a state of circle-jerk praise in the media ? 
  i 'd say that 's a prerequisite to modern economies . 
  hillary would serve the same set of interests that preceded her . 
  she 's too tied up with them . 
  she 's also a member of the current government and her senate history corroborates she would behave just like that . 
  on the other hand , arnold is a mildly conservative reasonable guy . 
  who does n't refuse to compromise and is actually sensitive towards the human rights issue . 
  he embodies the whole american dream ideal and he 's a hardworking and kind guy . 
  arnold could deliver a much bigger change than obama ever implied to be . 
  he would probably resist the plutocracy . 
  and he could rally much more people than any other politician . 
  and that is why he 'll never be elected . 
  and if he did , he 'd be in higher risk of assassination than his predecessors . 
  a lot of shit would have to happen in america for arnold to be even considered . 
  the gop would have to be in a comatose/deathbed state . 
  arnold is not as conservative as most republicans . 
  everything has failed . 
  except mass deportation to india . 
  that 's not an integrating policy . 
  it would create a whole number of issues , potentially worst . 
  this is what i suspect may have happened to madeleine mccann . 
  i was in lagos a couple of times on vacation before the abduction and saw a lot of roma gypsies oogling foreigners . 
  i 've even seen them checking out kids out of my kids kindergarten . 
  there 's absolutely no reason for them to be there , unless something is in the works . 
  and they 're trying to be discreet about it . 
  often being the women doing it . 
  given i live very close by and go and pass by many times per day ... 
  i 've seen some men in the less busy streets adjacent checking the kids out from a far . 
  needless to say , `` racist zyganophobic '' me but also a concerned parent , made sure i was visible and that i had seen them . 
  the security guard was well aware of what was going on but said there 's nothing anyone can do about it . 
  porto , portugal . 
  [ room ] ( http://porto.olx.pt/quartos-para-aluguer-cat-301 ) with net , water and energy for 250,00 $ . 
  expect another 250 to 300,00 $ in food and other expenses , which include * caf\u00e9 * 's , a few beers here and there and other small treats like metro monthly pass . 
  daily meal at a local cafe : 4.50 x 30 = 130,00 $ daily coffee ( usually included in lunch meal ) in the morning and late = 0.55 $ x 30 = 16,50 $ x 2 ( dinner time or late afternoon coffee ? ), 
  = 33,00 $ metro pass = 30,10 $ uros frugal food at supermarket ( milk , cookies , whatever ) = 100,00 $ total = 250,00 ( rent ) + 130,00 ( lunch out ) + 33,00 ( coffee ) + 100,00 ( frugal groceries ) = 513,00 $ + 30,00 ( metro ) you can save on the room , by choosing cheaper options . 
  and you can save in the meals by cooking them at home , and some perks you can opt out or decrease them . 
  either way , the expenses can drop by some 10 or even 20 % . 
  you can also buy liter beers and buy discount products and promotions . 
  let me now if you need help understanding or even translating anything . 
  however , most people will speak english and understand at least . 
  the cops and perhaps even the whole judicial system has very poor education on these issues and they often scorn the men who report abuse . 
  it 's like they expect the men to react , beat up the woman , thus breaking the law and be hauled in . 
  and most women are protected or left alone despite being the assailants . 
  men get thrown in jail and sometimes beaten . 
  modern society is crazy . 
  there were hints of this in portugal . 
  but were brutally crushed by public opinion . 
  and even most smokers agreed after a while , and became thankful for these laws . 
  they now smoke much less and spend less money on tobacco and their health is better . 
  now smoking in cars is forbidden , when children are present . 
  completely agree . 
  in fact , if it were totally forbidden everywhere but home , i would n't oppose . 
  i 've had my share of encounters with smokers at hospital and kindergarten doors , making me go through the `` cloud '' with my pneumonia sick kids . 
  either people completely oblivious to others or being passive aggressive to others . 
  also driving one hand and cigarette on the other will give you a reaction time of a 90 year old . 
  same goes for cellphone use , eating , shaving , putting make up . 
  all idiotic stuff i 've seen on my daily commutes . 
  having myself done that in the early years , i know it dampens attention and reaction time . 
  what a lame self-victimization effort . 
  and people fall for it . 
  deplorable circus act . 
  arrest the guy , yes . 
  swift trial and such , with proper legal conduct . 
  but this is just wrong and a circus act . 
  next they 'll have them thrown into arenas to fight polar bears or siberian tigers , on prime time tv . 
  why does healthcare appear naturally indexed to military budget ? 
  as if one could n't happen without the other . 
  i 'm sorry , but your being highly reductive . 
  i do n't believe the us would have maintained their hegemonious status of super power without high military budgets . 
  and for a good part of the century , they did so with private healthcare but also a very strong middle class !, 
  it may have all come tumbling down after the forced vietnam war that prompted the fiat currency debacle we 're seeing today and today we 're seeing the death of that same middle class ... but nevertheless , wwii would not have had the same outcome . 
  we today , could be all in soviet gulags or raised from birth till death in forced labor camps and serving our german overlords . 
  note : i am definitely not a fan of america and i believe in universal healthcare . 
  although i believe we have bigger fish to fry , like it said in the article , the world is far from being a peaceful utopia . 
  in fact , given the exponential growth in population worldwide , particularly in asia , the resource and energy consumption is ramping up to unsustainable levels . 
  and all these countries are ramping up their military budget and even worst case scenario strategies . 
  [ all militaries have elaborate plans to deal with major crisis . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arlg8no0rvq ) what will happen when resources become a heated issue ? 
  what will happen when the arctic is free of ice and it 's fish and [ energy pockets ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kqofmvdmsw ) disputed ? 
  when [ fish stocks collapse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjb7lcfuzac ) beyond recovery in most oceans ? 
  when aquifers dry up and political instability pushes weak governments outwards in search of any kind of relief ? 
  when oil does n't flow and economies run into the ground ? 
  throughout history law and international agreements were only regarded as valid so long as the balance of power helped such stability . 
  and this was dependent of economical stability and availability of resources . 
  when mass migrations pour into the north , consuming everything in their path . 
  when the tragedy of the commons we 're experiencing now becomes so evident that all we can hope for is to weather it out through decades of frugality and long term planning or risk complete human extinction . 
  do n't just dismiss this a bunker tinfoiler prepper speak . 
  far from it . 
  if you have read and followed science and [ renowned scientists ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dn06tlre4we ) , you 'd realize the neo malthusian tragedy brewing on the next horizon . 
  and we 'll have humanitarian situations so difficult to manage , it will cause immense divisions in the west and great social and political chaos . 
  much worse than we already have it . 
  and i 'm speaking of really hard choices , far beyond the recent migrant boats crisis or open door policies . 
  it could also make us into targets or prizes , so we better be able to at least defend our immediate interests or risk being overrun and destroyed . 
  more like destroying all the jerbs in the eu . 
  same logic can be applied to europe but i agree that russia is a much bigger prize resource wise . 
  and we 'll be disputing it .
