  why not then send the bomber over alaska instead of romania ? 
  oh , that 's right . 
  it 's because that implies painful consequences . 
  schoolyard bully tactics with the exact same level of language . 
  sadly , there 's but one way to teach a bully - hurting him . 
  it 's not too bad . 
  whatever gets the job done . 
  besides , it 's invulnerable to electronic countermeasures , computer worms and emp 's . 
  aaaaand he 'll get shot down . 
  the piles of money in bribes were probably as tall as the stadiums . 
  but they 're lucky so far there have n't been any organized movements campaigning against the absolutely appalling conditions for workers in qatar . 
  and it will be an even bigger mess when thousands of tourists flock to the hot desert with a diametrical value system as their hosts . 
  i mean the copious drinking , soliciting and overall mess westerners football fans are used to during such events back home . 
  with all the chopped of limbs , public stonings and beheadings brought about by sharia law , it could turn into an even bigger blood bath than usual . 
  i may have mixed that one , but probably wo n't be far off with the way the qataris are handling the world cup . 
  at the very least it will be a haunted world cup , with all the dead workers and with all the slavery involved . 
  it would be a tremendous blow to ~ ~ fifa ~ ~ ioc and to brazil . 
  edit : verbal aneurysm, 
  a minority then , a minority now . 
  make that european citizens wrong about nearly everything . 
  i have been banned on this sub for supposedly being a stormfronter and a member of a white rights something . 
  yeah , we ca n't really discuss these issues without degenerating into accusations of racism and other insults . 
  paris gives me mixed feelings . 
  on one hand , it 's a beautiful historical place with plenty of amazing and sophisticated people . 
  but it was also a place of extreme violence and crime . 
  more than any other place i 've visited !, 
  every time i go there , i consistently run into problems with roma gypsies , arab and african gangs . 
  these are always too quick in resorting to violence . 
  it does make me appreciate the quiet and safety of my native city . 
  we may not be as rich but we 're not bordering civil war . 
  the ghettos i saw in paris reminded me of the worst in south america . 
  if i did n't had to go there on work , i would n't choose to go at all . 
  i mean , there are what seems like military police with machine guns patrolling the streets !, 
  how hardcore is that for a western city ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  we do have the best marketeers in the world . 
  the recent scandals with horse and unknown meat scandals show it 's all a big lie . 
  it 's all fake and deceit and done for profit . 
  no animal concerns nor the public 's best interests or any sort of morality/ethics . 
  that 's all it matters . 
  headline thumbnail and image article should say `` why europe looks to have lost portugal '' . 
  the animals were suffering before and they 'll continue suffering now . 
  it 's not like this industry has a good reputation of enforcing any law other than make profit . 
  maybe , but our cuisine is very diverse and it was also very influenced by the portuguese diaspora . 
  francesinha was brought by a portuguese immigrant from france . 
  in france it was just a boring sandwich , over here it became a monster dish , with many tweaks . 
  it 's very good and filling . 
  agreed , but it sure makes them and the institution look silly , by handing out advice they themselves ca n't even follow or make an effort to adhere to . 
  it 's complete absurdity . 
  in my country we have a saying `` diz o r\u00f4to ao n\u00fa '' which translates says the nude to the ragged one . 
  something similar to having no moral high ground to criticize and lacking mirrors . 
  of course !, 
  briefly and by cooking the books . 
  give the swiss a prize for weathering out the storm . 
  i 'd dare say for every percentage the swiss gain in gdp , many countries get deprived in lost tax revenue . 
  i was browsing the reports on my country and apparently our main issue is pervasive racism in the media and miserable overcrowded conditions in prisons . 
  so , a norwegian prison would get 4 star rating over here . 
  had breivik been jailed here , his rectum would probably be turned into a prison in itself by now , given the amount of africans and foreigners we have in them ... 
  they 'd love him !, 
  my favorite part was the norwegian reply : * norwegian foreign minister b\u00f8rge brende was in geneva to hear the concerns from 91 other countries . 
  he told norway 's ntb newswire prior to the hearing : `` it is a paradox that countries which do not support fundamental human rights have influence on the council , but that is the united nations , '' *, 
  i know the shoe industry is picking up serious steam exporting to russia . 
  it stands at 3 % but has grown 111 % this past year . 
  maybe we 're the ones putting soles on those marching into the ukraine . 
  anyway , i 'm used to stupid diplomatic stances taken by our governments . 
  i have no doubt these represent nothing but private interests . 
  and our foreign affairs minister machete is a political corpse . 
  ever since he began apologizing to foreign dictators and angolan generals for criminal investigations ... he should n't be in office anymore . 
  it wo n't survive . 
  there are no core values to the european union left , only capital is valued . 
  the union is growing more decadent and rests solely on the political whims and greed of the north , which dictates all policy . 
  these are now interested in a two-tiered eu , for the sake of personal profit and clearly not thinking long term . 
  the currency is an absolute disgrace and a suckers trap , designed by financial tricksters to gangrene countries much like a pyramid scheme . 
  this will only be made irrelevant because the world economy will soon grind to a halt or collapse spectacularly . 
  there is such a thing as non-negotiable natural limits and we ca n't keep borrowing from the future . 
  when we realize there are no futures capable of sustaining this worldwide ecofootprint and social asymmetry , it 'll all crumble . 
  also , we have no good leaders , or charismatic and uncompromised/untainted leaders by party favorings/sponsorships/lobbies . 
  frankly , the system can only output these mediocre puppets and the people have lost the ability to elect good leaders or choose objectively . 
  it 's not just the system that has become a corruption swamp , the people themselves are apathetic and mediocre by design . 
  this is because banks and corporations hold too much power over government . 
  and we 're no `` great generation '' . 
  we know it deep within and still do nothing . 
  becoming cynics at best . 
  we had it easy and now it decays as it always does in evolved societies . 
  but this is a global phenomenon and a result of our global societal model . 
  as long as we are defined by selfishness and how much we consume or own ... we 'll get mediocre leadership along with it , or else growth stops and the economy tanks . 
  peripheral countries will eventually secede or be made irrelevant because there wo n't be a solution , only a prolonged agony . 
  and it will be bad . 
  much worse than now . 
  the growing sovereign debt is unmanageable , for all countries . 
  russia wo n't have it easy also . 
  it 's too big of a prize for a resource and `` lebensraum '' starving southeast asia . 
  the us will weather this by feeding off the european carcass . 
  on the opposite side of the world , russia will fall to china probably in a dirty dog fight . 
  the remaining two giants - us and china will eventually collide head on for whatever remains of the surface of the planet . 
  it 's the opposite that worries me . 
  not being able to criticise or oppose the eu , for the corruption swamp it is . 
  in northern portugal we have bifanas , which is pork cooked with battery acid and nuclear fuel . 
  served in a small bread with a very delicious and spicy taste . 
  the sauce is so hot it would make rotten meat or shoe soles taste good .
