  switzerland is opportunisticaly neutral . 
  and things could be turning to shit in its neighbor countries that they would n't budge to help . 
  however rich and beautiful in scenery , it 's a shithole country filled with ethnocentric chauvinists and greedy assholes . 
  eager to take blood money from anyone . 
  i should add that i 've had very bad experiences with the swiss police . 
  i would n't be so sure of that . 
  sink it . 
  myths ? 
  it 's a beacon of democracy and transparency !, 
  everyone is actually considered and not ignored in favor of the biggest bully on the block . 
  whoever merkel and her minions designates . 
  it 's not merkel herself that 's the issue . 
  it 's the whole of germany !, 
  she just happens to head that xenophobic self serving massive beast of a nation . 
  germany dictates and will keep on dictating eu policy while appearing magnanimous and innocent . 
  watch as everything falls apart . 
  and blame everyone , including yourselves , but never good old germany . 
  some might say it was written from the start . 
  that it was inevitable . 
  i do agree a lot of things are inevitable at this point . 
  yes . 
  total sci-fi . 
  how can anyone even refute that argument ? 
  leaves no common ground . 
  being a responsible , grounded and serious person !, 
  a person that can not adress the many issues ailing modern civilization because they 're too complex and the ramifications ... 
  i can tell you one thing . 
  nothing short of a social revolution can save mankind from devolving into a scavenger species eking out an existence in a barren war torn wasteland . 
  coming to a nearby theater , in the summer of 2015 !, 
  france , much like europe , is governed by systems . 
  crony , plutocratical systems . 
  i hate to say this because i know it sounds cringey , but only a revolution can save our global political systems . 
  democracy is broken , hijacked . 
  yes . 
  an incentive to ingenuity and renewable energy sources ? 
  double yes . 
  fuck carbon drenched energy sources . 
  the planet 's living conditions rank ( or should ) much higher than the economy . 
  where we find those needed engineers ? 
  oh , i do n't know , maybe school ? 
  i believe we need to increase academic levels across society given how automatized everything is becoming . 
  there will soon be no need for low skilled labor . 
  a new age of geometrical growth in technological progress.educated societies are more tolerant , progressive and will actually improve quality of life for all faster . 
  here 's a few : tax heavily goods coming to and from shithole countries that do n't respect work or human rights . 
  reduce the average work week from 40 to 25 hours , killing unemployment and occupying a large idle part of the population . 
  these wo n't drain the welfare system and will actually be contributing towards it . 
  end fiscal cannibalizing practices between eu members and non eu members . 
  also kill off the abhorrent offshore banking practices . 
  tax heavily technological based tax evading giants , as these employ far too small portion of the population , contributing very little to employment and they evade taxes through loophole and exerting unacceptable massive financial influence over politics . 
  it 's ridiculous that automated and virtual based companies pay even less tax than regular companies that actually employ population . 
  fiscal union . 
  minimum wages and normalization of accounting practices across the board , not just the eu ideally . 
  absurdly british though . 
  i blame the eu and a sever lack of spine and performance from its many leaders . 
  the eu of today is nothing but a bloated corrupt organism feeding off its citizens while selling them short to the us china and other emerging powers . 
  we could be leading the world in so many areas , instead we 're being disenfranchised . 
  a sort of reverse colonialism . 
  i guess we had it coming ... 
  will probably be taxed out of you . 
  europe is neutered by corruption , gross inefficiency and bureaucracy . 
  russia may not have the wealth and power advantage but it has ambition and few limitations , not to mention a seasoned army , ready and eager to engage . 
  it moves as one , while europe is a political mess . 
  sanctions are the only limiting factor but they can easily also be the triggering factor . 
  and in the same way russia seeded disagreement in it 's neighboring countries , it can do the same in central europe . 
  and if they make a land grab move on another country , like sweden or finland rest assure nato will stand idle and the eu will bend over once more . 
  the technological paradigm although linked is another issue . 
  policies are what 's at stake . 
  eu governments , mine particularly , does n't give a damn about it 's people . 
  and it goes out of their way to aid brawling foreigners , minorities who refuse to integrate . 
  and to my absolute disgust , it privileges the top minority - the wealthy . 
  even recently they promoted special privileges and tax exemptions to foreign nationals . 
  at the same time it raises taxes on it 's natives . 
  if you 're a rich foreigner wanting to spend your life here , you get generous breaks . 
  meanwhile old folks die in their homes , only to be found when the tax revenue services are pawning their homes for lack of payment . 
  also , the many chinese stores that multiply like mushrooms and also aid to our productive and deficit demise are grant 5 year tax exemptions . 
  many brutalize their employees with minimum wages . 
  regular stores get nothing of the sort . 
  they get heavier taxes . 
  i 'll say it time and again . 
  the eu is rotten to the core . 
  i 'm left winged , i sympathize with anarchy . 
  but i welcome a good dose of nationalism . 
  not because it will take root , but because they will draw attention to these issues . 
  china and germany may have bought our entire political circus , but it will not last . 
  it 's a game of chairs after all . 
  something will have to break . 
  people with nothing can not afford to move like that . 
  i 've also been abroad working . 
  have you ? 
  it costs money to move and insert yourself in to a new society . 
  unless youre a refugee or an opressed minority , which btw i respect and understand , except when it is disrespected and abused . 
  oh and how much do you think it costs for a refugee to get to europe ? 
  do you think those people are the poorest of their societies ? 
  they 're not . 
  they pay thousands of euros . 
  the eu is an irrational and corrupt entity . 
  maybe once it had some noble intent and was steered by good peopl , people of vision . 
  it is n't anymore . 
  by choice or forced to ? 
  i mean it 's hardly a recommended place for children ...
