  / s i 'm surprised our parliament is still standing and a full scale revolution has n't happened over these last few years . 
  i wish we ( portugal ) were out of the eu and the euro , instead of slowly becoming soylent green for german banks . 
  but we 're far too small and weak to do anything about it . 
  that 's a lot of violence and burning for zero arrests . 
  if i were the minister , i 'd demand the police chief to resign . 
  i still think radical islam takes the cake on this one . 
  and to think that most of the things we do n't even get to know about because it is either silenced or happens inside those mini-shariah-ruled-islamic-theocratic ghettos . 
  so , a bottle to a 14 year old face is kind of small compared to pedophile gang rape , acid attacks , honor killings , homicides , systematic burning of cars and bins , constant threats , etc. 
  technically speaking , the eurovision contest sets the bar really high for everything else . 
  camera work , directing , lighting , sound , producing . 
  it is really one of the highlights , if not the highlight of the year in the global broadcast medium . 
  forgive me , english is not my native language and i accepted the title suggested by the link . 
  i still ca n't spot the error . 
  headline is correct , given atheism is n't a religion . 
  not playing golf is n't a sports , or is it ? 
  another [ article ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/04/28/ar2008042802560.html ) about the percentage of muslim in jails . 
  like you , i too really want to be wrong on this . 
  i wish they did this in portugal . 
  and make the oil companies pay for it . 
  it 's all in the proper use of the plosives . 
  / p / , / b / , / k ( c ) / , / g / , / t / , / d / couple with nasal sounds and slightly lower pitch/somber tone . 
  feels like the ears are being punched . 
  people from the north of the country lend an even more aggressive accentuation of this . 
  the thing about old ladies is that they hardly change opinions . 
  sure , they agreed with you then , probably to avoid confrontation and hurt your feels , but the next day they usually return to their previous state of mind . 
  it 's a portuguese news comment section !, 
  it 's quite normal to look like a war zone or a mental asylum . 
  most people are there to troll or shock . 
  do n't tell me you believe half of those antics ? 
  comments are an art form . 
  in portugal , any kind of news with a comment section often finds itself filled with politics and government criticism , even if it has nothing to do with politics . 
  and every comment thread degenerates into mutual insults , usually a mile long , over completely unrelated issues !, 
  `` jornal de not\u00edcias '' seems like the biggest forum of people with tourette 's . 
  much worse than xbox live or / b / . 
  mods do n't even bother deleting them , because there so many , so foul and grotesque . 
  i read them for laughs . 
  islam looms over future europe . 
  not some secular christianity and sadly not atheism . 
  once islam gains critical mass in european soil , and it already has the momentum , we wo n't be able to stop it from tearing western civilization apart . 
  not without europeans willing to lower themselves to their low values and fight it . 
  but once they do we 'll lose faster even because they have the numbers , motivation , support and they will hit us from all sides . 
  islam is that a different kind of enemy . 
  there is no such thing as a moderate islam and no moderate muslim . 
  it 's a dangerous idea and a way of life in itself , complete with politics , education , moral code , financial and even fashion . 
  it will be far worse than anything else we 've experienced and a return to barbarism . 
  be prepared to accept shariah , hangings and beheadings on public squares , misogyny and homophobia , constant riots , high rape prevalence , violence and savagery . 
  anyone , particularly women , that defend this `` religion '' should get their head examined , and sent to live for a couple of years in an islamic nation . 
  you forgot to take your meds , greece !, 
  could you expand on why you see denmark as most arrogant ? 
  i had the notion they 're overall very moderate , open-minded and low profiled . 
  germans however have a tendency to constantly place themselves above all others . 
  to the point of not being possible to have a 10 min conversation without it being said , either subtly , jokingly or in rare cases quite explicitly . 
  i also think they 're the most passive-aggressive people i 've met . 
  of course my sample rate is anecdotal and may make me biased towards german media ( maybe i keep picturing the same assholes i 've met ... ) , but german media kind of confirms this . 
  please , refute me !, 
  germany thinks itself as most trustworthy , least arrogant and most compassionate . 
  in other words , they 're either full of themselves or should go on and live in their perfect bubble disconnected from the rest of europe . 
  we should all chip in with our opinions . 
  i 'll start : - most trustworthy : britain - least trustworthy : germany - most arrogant : germany - least arrogant : denmark - most compassionate : portugal - least compassionate : germany, 
  i equate it with being a egotistic jerk . 
  and whenever people demand respect for religion , i cringe !, 
  would you respect any jerk prying on your life and taking away civil and human rights ? 
  and they respond to it by dubbing us racists . 
  religion is a much a race as being a thug or a moron . 
  do n't feel the least bit sad for the dutch . 
  all ( stock market listed ) companies in my country are based in the netherlands , because of its lower taxes and eu complacency towards such stupid cannibalistic practice . 
  these are taxes we do n't see a dime of . 
  karma 's a bitch . 
  now , you enjoy your roma , shariah loving muslims , african refugees , piss poor eurasians , etc. 
  are you really that surprised ? 
  maybe their buying up or renting ( gitmo , anyone ? ), 
  huge chunks of land in iceland somehow legitimizes china 's bid for the arctic ? 
  probably so they can trawl it into a deadzone . 
  i wonder how willing china actually is in sitting down with vietnam , the philippines or japan over their shared and disputed waters . 
  mr. sch\u00e4uble , your despise for southern europe is only matched by our desire to cut all ties with your country . 
  again with the protestant work ethic ? 
  we 're not allowed either . 
  same with revolvers , blades longer than 10cm and brass knuckles , just to name a few . 
   honestly , the netherlands do n't fit into the list of other countries with high debts per capita ( greeks , cypriots , spaniards , italians and the irish ) . 
  now where haver i heard all this before ? 
  now that 's a perfect rationalization for fucking up a country !, 
  you should run for office !, 
  greece is to the us what a turkey is to an american a couple of months before thanksgiving . 
  just treat it good and fatten him up until ... 
  besides , can you count the number of military bases in those two countries ? 
  i would n't like to share an eu membership with the current government of turkey . 
  let them enter but let us out first , please . 
  turkey is akin to step inside syria . 
  maybe pull another iraq on syria . 
  like stealing water in epic quantities by diverting or daming the euphrates river further and leave some tens of millions dependent of foreign aid and interventions . 
  that would n't happen if iraq and now syria were n't falling apart . 
  opportunistic hypocrites . 
  you guys are tiptoeing around op 's crux . 
  which is clearly that the eastern and southern hordes of europeans , not north-africans or roma !, 
  it 's the greeks , portuguese and spanish that are picking mighty and benevolent germany clean . 
  clearly something must be done about them , ja ? 
  integrate roma ... lol !, 
  the flag is painful to look at but not as painful as sustaing the arbitrary lavishes of some parasitic dinasty heading our country . 
  well , in my state it could be used to reason otherwise and enforce higher fees . 
  nuclear fusion is a white elephant , and it will not see any improvement soon .
