  they should even get an income supplement so they can devote more time to teach their wonderful philosophy at the local mosque . 
  i 'm not a english native so i did n't understood it . 
  the phrasing was confusing and led me in another direction . 
  sorry mate . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  i 'm having problems understanding your comment . 
  what racial theory ? 
  so you say this was or could brought about by government action ? 
  and perhaps i was biased about it ? 
  given i live in portugal and my government is notoriously hostile to me i shall start torching other people 's belongings !, 
  / s go back to your cave . 
  the comfortable lies are inside it . 
  ( note : this is a reverse plato , not racism ! ), 
  i have been modded out in a few of my submissions . 
  angers me so that i submit fewer and fewer . 
  it also leads to me focus on the issues they actively want modded out of this subreddit , like a streisand effect . 
  it 's not nice being put a lid on . 
  there is no such thing a moderate practicing muslim . 
  these antics are written in their holy book . 
  and even worse stuff is decreed by their holy men and even community leaders . 
  can you imagine the shitstorm that would happen if the pope decided to veil all women , ban them from walking without men of their family present or from defying arranged marriages ? 
  everybody would go ape shit . 
  catholicism would go further down the gutter . 
  yet nobody publicly contests these haddiths and interpretation of scriptures . 
  want to know the cold hard truth ? 
  because people have families and they 're scared shitless of the mindless savagery this culture can whip up in seconds . 
  they 're a joke , that 's what . 
  and things will escalate while they remain teethless about all this . 
  no , it means open arms to radically different cultures and actively pursuing a multicultural society , by various political programs , granting asylums , refugee takings , positive discrimination ( hiring a certain percentage of ethnicals ) , assigning them grants , housing and land and ultimately resdistributing them according to their wishes , laxing and adjusting of legislation to acomodate for these different cultural needs , such as build permits for mosques , churches and camps , halal kosher and alikes to be a thing ... and ultimately tolerate the many infractions that will be committed in the hopes it will all go away or at least go down . 
  guess what ? 
  they do n't go down . 
  everything falls apart . 
  the integration effort on the minority part , seen as a whole , is a joke . 
  and i 'm a racist for writting this . 
  name them !, 
  do n't just throw stuff in the air . 
  it creates a bad mood in this subreddit . 
  this is actually kind of insulting . 
  there is a current , i did n't specified who were they , nor meant it was all of us . 
  i 'm a part of / r/europe too . 
  they could but then they would n't be able to live lavish lifestyles or hoard wealth that 'll last for generations . 
  retiring politicians usually fill up board space in the same companies they legislated for . 
  and they do this while retaining influence through partisanship and a quid-pro-quo tacit agreements between his successors . 
  this is the current state of the eu in a nutshell . 
  high level corruption to a molten iron core , favoring big players and cracking down on the average citizen . 
  so , you 're saying the source matters more than facts or truth ? 
  why , if i did n't know any better , i 'd say that 's a pretty racist-like mentality . 
  it 's akin to something viscerally insulting like `` it does n't matter what you say or do , you 're a raghead '' . 
  most people here mistake religion and culture for race and they defend the most atrocious acts inflicted by such cultures onto others and themselves and they do it without second thought , with gross generalizations , deaf and blind to arguments . 
  not only this generates injustice , because perpetrators are given a get-out-jail-card but it amplifies problems !, 
  it solves nothing !, 
  / r/europe is the second sub most similar to srs . 
  a thuggish and irrational brigade of shariah loving vigilantes bent on flaming everyone that dares to have a different and often constructive opinion . 
  and he who criticizes any of this will be labelled a racist . 
  portugal is beautiful , diverse , economically cheaper than any other country in western europe . 
  it is also very safe with low crime and big on hospitality . 
  i would come and check the country from top to bottom in june . 
  there are constant festivities and big musical events . 
  summers here are amazing . 
  waving a machete or an ax around does n't necessarily mean he 's going to kill someone . 
  was there a hostage situation , because i did n't read that , or were there people closely around him ? 
  if they were n't hostages then those people were pretty stupid to remain around him . 
  and this is a situation you can easily disarm a man or at the very least aim for the leg or the arm . 
  you 're justifying the unjustifiable . 
  taking me for an idiot , which i do n't mind , as long as you can come up with a better argument . 
  no one is paying for the loss . 
  it 's a loss on the owners of the vehicles !, 
  imagine saving 5 years for a car and have a bunch of thugs burn it to the ground . 
  if that does n't anger you , you should become a monk . 
  the only thing the police need to pay is their head take responsibility as well as the trigger happy cop . 
  it 's a major unjustifiable fuckup that goes against all the rules . 
  but this does n't exempt the thugs from responsibility and to show weakness is to invite chaos . 
  is to place yourself in weak negotiating terms . 
  they 'll likely do it again and for less . 
  there 's a purchasing power map of eu that disagrees with it . 
  sure , it made a minority of portuguese wealthy but the majority of those funds were handed right back to other eu companies and banks . 
  the eu is n't an altruistic project and there are no free lunches . 
  spoken like a true euro junkie . 
  i 'm glad portugal gave up on that . 
  if only we also gave up on the euro and the eu . 
  three very false things . 
  i was talking about car insurance . 
  i have insurance and it does n't cover this . 
  i imagine most people , specially the poorest , only have minimum insurance package . 
  it has happened here and people support the loss , some even have to pay the city for damages . 
  first , a man was shot dead wearing a machete . 
  red flag right there . 
  you do n't shoot to kill unless the situation risks lives or firearms are involved . 
  second , they should have seen that community 's response coming and be prepared for it . 
  imagine the people who lost their vehicles and livelihoods in those riots . 
  no one is paying for that loss . 
  a message must be sent . 
  punish the shooter and punish the thuggery . 
  but they were afraid of these muslim communities . 
  it would hurt sweden 's image internationally and create an even greater mess . 
  guess what , they just gave them a hobby . 
  oil and wise policies . 
  in the 50s they were kinda poor . 
  kosovo is not a country . 
  ah portugal , so good to see those eu funds put to good use .
