  heinz , turn on the chainsaw !, 
  at the rate of building occupation , tents will soon be all that 's left . 
  in portuguese ze is very similar to joe . 
  as in joe german . 
  which kinda adds to german personification and helps the whole prejudice thing . 
  with a delay . 
  fast forward a bit or just read the transcript posted above . 
  that 's on a different sub . 
  is it still karma-whoring ? 
  i do n't check that tech sub . 
  where is it ? 
  i ca n't find it . 
  i would n't have done had i seen it , which i do n't see . 
  thanks !, 
  being called a lazy piig will mess with your head . 
  this one is pretty obvious . 
  google 's cooperation and denial/ambiguity about the whole nsa issue was pretty bad also . 
  the chinese censorship also comes to mind . 
  google takes the side of the strong and has many faces . 
  that 's not a very trusting quality . 
  but hey , i would n't expect a corporation to behave differently . 
  then again , i distrust corporations . 
  how reminiscently ominous . 
  i can already see it in a few decades after a couple hundred million dead . 
  `` we had no idea !, 
  we did n't know ! '', 
  they likely have some other buyer aligned . 
  once again german efficiency mistaken for ethics or conscience . 
  google is like a whore . 
  doing whatever gets them the most benefit . 
  i imagine putin to be a redditor and laughing himself silly with these threads . 
  it 's getting so ridiculous obvious that he 's manipulating things yet nothing is done about it . 
  poor ukraine . 
  abandoned by the rest of the world . 
  damned if they act and damned if they do n't . 
  that statement means we should throw any reasonable demand for integration out the window and leave the extremists to do whatever they want with obscene impunity and disregard for the most human rights . 
  because they ca n't be reasoned with . 
  bundling fundies with lgbt rights is simply hijacking the statement . 
  i know putin was populist and intentionally ambiguous . 
  but i also do n't see how we can be autistic in dealing with certain barbaric cultural practices . 
  forgive me but i refuse to equate with gay sex and gay adoption with honor crimes , homophobia and misogyny . 
  one is of the personal sphere and within consenting adults , the other is a wider social issue/demand of an oppressive nature . 
  i 'm not . 
  read the following posts . 
  and if i were , why should right wing it be a reason to be downvoted for it ? 
  do you even reddiquette ? 
  that attitude is not much different than stromfront . 
  i have no issues with minorities . 
  i have issues with muslim and christian fundies , minority or not . 
  i have way less issues with white supremacists and extreme leftists anarchists . 
  those are much more easier to argue with and there 's at least some honesty in their thought structure . 
  i can respect an anarchist . 
  arguing with a fundie is a waste of time . 
  they 'd have us all killed if given absolute power . 
  i understood what you wrote . 
  the quote makes no insinuation towards gay or other minorities at a first glance , but one soon realizes what he meant and how far reaching they were into peoples lifes , of all minorities withing russia , lgbt included . 
  it 's bad . 
  people are so angry and agitated by fundies that it seeps into everything . 
  clouds reasoning and adds noise everywhere . 
  that 's their strategy . 
  and populist putin seizes this , with these ambiguous sentences . 
  still , i would follow his quote in regards to western values and individual freedoms . 
  group bullying such as fundies everyday drama should be tackled more severely . 
  jail and deportation if needed . 
  intolerance towards intolerants . 
  i 'm not an homophobe . 
  i support adoption by gay couples and their full rights with no issue whatsoever with the lgbt . 
  i find it wonderful they can express their own sexual choices with no prejudice . 
  however , a large part of that community irrationally sides and bands with the fundies , when these would not condone their existence . 
  take most muslim countries and african christian nations . 
  they criminalize and persecute gay people . 
  they accept nothing other than their god mandated way of life . 
  this is the real danger of religion . 
  and this is not acceptable . 
  fundamentalist religion is the cancer of mankind . 
  and i also believe that there is n't a mild or moderate religious person . 
  their judgement is biased and flawed . 
  i hate to think this and more so to admit it . 
  i 've been there , witnessed their side . 
  it always leaks into politics and everyday life , cultural aspects . 
  not even up for debate . 
  it shapes us as society and in this era , it means more harm than good . 
  no it 's not a right wing policy . 
  if anything it 's common sense . 
  i 'm all for social equality , the social market , government intervention and the welfare state . 
  what i 'm against are stupid violent cavemen treating women and children and whoever disagrees with them like cattle or just inferior due to some divine right or voice exclusive to their thick skulls . 
  and i 'm also against them getting their own way because of some unfounded and dangerous infatuation with multiculturalism and cultural relativism 's . 
  i 've had very nasty experiences with fundies and i do not want them dictating my way of life or my kids future . 
  and they are loud and political about their views . 
  that is unacceptable . 
  i 'm not a right winger and agree to what he said . 
  i wish more would endorse such views , and not let stone age extremist fucktards demanding to break the law and set back the clock some 1400 years . 
  something something , a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  i 'd choose nigel farage as the cave troll and merkel as gollum . 
  so , when will europe become one giant gypsy nation ? 
  completely agree . 
  but why deny playing him ? 
  it 's bad character . 
  exactly . 
  brilliant and funny .
