  the country is in economic ruin . 
  socially destroyed . 
  thing is , she does n't need or care about what other leaders say or think . 
  she 's doing what 's best for her country . 
  even if it destroys the periphery . 
  just as the governments need to step in and regulate banking , so should the housing market be regulated . 
  empty homes and absurd prices make this a speculators favorite . 
  tax empty homes progressively . 
  mediate renting for low income families . 
  get the money to do so from taxation on empty estates and other higher priced estates with lower rationality . 
  people living in absurdly huge estates should be taxed for it . 
  broken down empty houses should be either remodeled and kept or auctioned forcefully . 
  my city is full of these buildings with sky high prices , delaying sale because theres ' little penalty or incentive to do so . 
  i ca n't rent a proper office in the city and bring new business to the city . 
  no , i have to go to the periphery/outback . 
  it 's disturbing that i was born into a world that was pre-owned or inherited by other people . 
  i have to pay absurdly high rents to live on this society . 
  i ca n't wrap my mind around it . 
  we should be referending an eu exit . 
  we 're being drained of resources and have no control over the economy or any sovereignty . 
  people are leaving by the hundreds of thousands . 
  the germans only care about their economy . 
  thank you angola and guinea-bissau, 
  bacon bullets !, 
  you 're liquid . 
  add chicla that comes from chiclet and termos from thermos . 
  poland vs russia is like a david vs golias . 
  ah those are `` stalines wrath '' . 
  glad to see some things do n't change . 
  the problem is lack of leadership and setting the example from above . 
  tell me , has ou president came forth giving up on his ill gotten gains with the sln deal he got from bpn , only months before it all went bust ? 
  did our prime ever came forth explaining the fraud he committed with eu funds to the pilot apprenticeship programs he led along with relvas ? 
  did any of the hemi cycle deputies comment on the many incomes and subsidization given to them , approved by them and with absurd rules . 
  but let 's not remain in politics , let 's go into the courtrooms . 
  have the judges stoped vettoing stuff based on their own interests ? 
  and allow other gross unconstitutionalities to go ahead for political gains ? 
  effectively gaming and bending the law at will ? 
  what about doctors ? 
  public servant syndicates , teacher syndicates ? 
  sacrificing the the weak and precarious in their ranks to maintain the unsustainable absurdities in income given to their oldest members ? 
  the way i see it it 's every man or woman for himself . 
  but to change this , ethics and accountability needs to trickle down . 
  grand master troll strikes . 
  i ca n't take this guy seriously . 
  what he says is a rehash of past historical germanonics that essentially equates to `` we are big and powerful and we 'll dictate things for you , puny country , so get in line or get put in line '' . 
  and there are people here falling for this and actually letting this slide and not have issues with . 
  an undemocratic , non transparent , illegitimate process of decision making . 
  this is some darth vader shit right here . 
  here 's a better idea worth considering - disband the eu . 
  or at the very least revert to it 's more primitive function from the days of it 's formation . 
  edit : the pro german down vote is strong in this sub !, 
  many here willing relinquish any sort of sovereignty or shred of democracy in effect to a country that does n't give a damn about them and abuses the eu as tool and their citizens as expendable . 
  they do but i wish they did n't . 
  it 's usually done to convey bad news or some new tax . 
  when it 's not bad news , it 's usually petty anal stuff on how they were politically diminished by some other elected politician or an autonomous region demanding something and this somehow rapes the constitution . 
  what i would love to see is a politician being sincere and apologising for it 's deviances . 
  maybe someone inject him with sodium pentothal and have him spill his guts on primetime tv . 
  our president and prime-minister are demagogue crooks that took significant amounts of money from the state . 
  had insider knowledge on stock which were zeroed and bailed out ( bad bank ) . 
  one even swaped a shitty house with a villa in the algarve and nobody demanded or got explanations . 
  we only know because he had to pay tax on the difference between those properties . 
  the difference in price properties was close to 100 000 euros . 
  who in their right minds swaps a villa for an old house worth 100 000 euros less ? 
  crooks do . 
  tell me then , what did voting different/opposing party achieved to change that status quo issue in our country ? 
  regardless of whoever you vote , there is a system in place that has set itself up despite democracy and operates above democracy . 
  anything you democratically throw at it is useless or gets disabled by it 's many layers of protection . 
  i understand and agree to your point of view , but it is a byzantine issue . 
  we 've exhausted our economical paradigm . 
  and with it will have to come deep social change . 
  i 'm left winged but i do n't think communism will replace our current system or save civilization . 
  a draconian system will come . 
  maybe the machines will allow modern civilization to continue existing , given their potential for a pure logical and rational approach to problems , eliminating corruption overnight . 
  the adjustment will obviously be brutal !, 
  literally brutal . 
  as in violent and heavily contested , but what is the alternative ? 
  perhaps space aliens , but even those would fail to swoon the cynics . 
  until it becomes a class war and not an issue of corruption . 
  politicians laying the blunt of the crisis on the impoverished population while mega corps , banks and other billionaires offshore their wealth and dodge taxes in full compliance with eu 's law . 
  let 's hope so . 
  and hope it will prompt a change in politics . 
  sanctions !!!, 
  this is turning kafkian !, 
  this could easily be said by putin to obama . 
  the economist thrashing out against europe ? 
  that 's their daily pastime . 
  i 'm against the eu because it is a mockery of what it set out to do and has a sinister agenda . 
  there is strong bias against us here . 
  the down vote squad usually buries any comment that is anti eu , which to me equals as german empire , which in turn will probably bury this post to default redditors . 
  these people should all go to jail for a long time and irradiated from political decision making jobs . 
  how about not make this a religious issue and start applying law indiscriminately ? 
  is that too much to ask ? 
  without devolving into absurd genocidal comparisons ? 
  and yes , there is a much valid concern about islamic cultural practices and views . 
  it is undeniable by now and shaping global politics . 
  to ignore these differences or side with them will just create an even bigger mess in europe . 
  i think you got it wrong . 
  if riots are to happen , the muslims and hard left will likely be behind them . 
  if we are to tackle the cultural differences and not turn a blind eye to these abuses , which again are repeatedly caused by cultural backwardness and refusal to integrate , then expect the empty racist accusations to begin . 
  these will turn violent in no time .
