  the forced flow of specialized workforce into northern europe to work at discount prices and maintain their industry cheaply . 
  the privatizing of monopolies and other key areas of southern societies . 
  the lack of fiscal union prior to a monetary union . 
  the complete asymmetry of interest rates available between companies from different countries , making german companies priviliged for the gangrape of the south . 
  the growing costs of health , social security and education in southern countries . 
  much more than in northern countries . 
  leading to misery , higher mortality rates , criminality and school abandonment . 
  and all this for what ? 
  so german banks can recover from foolish endeavours with wall street ? 
  so as to germany assert itself as the sole decision maker ? 
  the decision state of europe ? 
  the leading economy ? 
  at what expense ? 
  fascism is authoritarian nationalism . 
  they have the authority and are having a field power trip and the nationalism part is in disguise , but as a matter of fact , only germany is being benefited from all this . 
  they also disregard constitutions , sufrage and public opinion . 
  fascists !, 
  f a s c i s t s. and sometime soon we 'll be firing up the ovens and such . 
  how 's that for abuse ? 
  feel free to ignore me . 
  but know we 're growing in numbers and becoming tired of all your bullshit . 
  the opposition is n't dead or giving up . 
  who the hell u/sir _ wolfie ? 
  are you profiling and singling out people too ? 
  please ... 
   the fact is that european countries need each other in various ways . 
  does this justify the atrocious disrespect , forced inequalities and abuses perpetrated by the eu ? 
  aka germany ? 
  if germany wants cannon fodder and lebensraum to buffer/insulate itself from the more-than-likely future conflicts , it 's not going to work out as planned . 
  i and a lot more others would rather see the eu destroyed than be dictated by fascists in disguise . 
  germany 's true intentions are becoming painfully obvious . 
  only pro eu opinions allowed . 
  yes , i 'm off my medication . 
  the eu is the best thing ever !!, 
  excuse me now while i go lay in the sun and do nothing like a lazy southerner . 
  there are no realistic effective methods to prevent overfishing . 
  all ships over-fish when possible . 
  the legislation is idiotic and does not support itself with science . 
  it 's politics . 
  everyone knows the catches are either sold/moved to other vessels or thrown out just before the harbour . 
  there are even modifications being sold to allow this quickly and discretely . 
  also , the nets are almost always below the legal size , catching young fish and other species . 
  people do n't care and ca n't afford not to do it as the catches are dropping lower and lower . 
  there have been plenty documentaries made . 
  regular tv news stories with alarming footage . 
  yet , authorities do nothing . 
  of course , the global corporate cancer is all over this but most people are guilty for being politically passive . 
  i 'm very much surprised ecoterrorism has n't crept up . 
  like an anonymous sea shepherd on steroids with a jihadist perseverance . 
  i do n't . 
  screw europe . 
  screw the eu . 
  downvote all you want , i do n't care . 
  this europe is a stones throw away from the old days of war . 
  imposed famines , annexations , overtaxing , terrorism , gulags and concentration camps . 
  all because of fucking of chauvinisms and ethnocentrics . 
  mighty germany will inherit a barren minefield and a perpetual ulcer . 
  our problem is the north exploiting the south and serving us on a platter to the speculators . 
  we 're indeed suckers to remain in this farce called eu and not secede and default , teaching the markets and some countries a lesson . 
  it will end badly and those thugs of the north , who so happily condemn and insult , will feel it as well as us . 
  their concerns for us will not be forgotten anytime soon . 
  such shortsightedness and self-loathing . 
  this guy is an idiot . 
  he does n't even comprehend what spain is . 
  or what portugal and greece are and have been throughout history . 
  or how many times threats have come and passed . 
  and how much of a contribution we actually did . 
  and that we are still here . 
  he 's just too concerned with his pay cuts or taxes to remain objective . 
  he dwells in the present and does n't realize that pretty soon , these 3 countries will once again be the stage of a revolution that will dictate the future of civilization . 
  while to him , zeros in a bank account mean happiness , to us a social conscience is forming that is going beyond those shallow measures of personal wealth . 
  i hope he and his ilk find refuge in some place else other than southern europe . 
  in portugal , law enforcement is getting away with pay cuts . 
  i wo n't go as far as say the cuts are fair for anyone . 
  whats unfair is leaving the police sector and other law related professions , like judges and court clerks , out of it . 
  it 's so obvious why they are doing it ... 
  it 's like raising the wages of the army during armed insurrection . 
  our ministers have a hard on for austerity and fascism . 
  from a scientific point of view , the insult is a form of relief from excesses of stress ( cortisol ) and has a calm inducing effect . 
  putting such excessive fine on insults , which i remember add no injury and are just momentary , will result in the accumulating of resentment which will raise the odds of manifesting itself physically through violence , direct or indirect . 
  it will have a toll on the psyche and the general population . 
  it will increase dissent and not the other way around . 
  this is an absurd law . 
  laugh and dismiss this all you want . 
  it 's been well proven . 
  if you want to decrease insults in society , raise education . 
  teach philosophy sooner . 
  seneca or even prince buddha teach some pretty basic and well proven philosophy . 
  anger is but the result of poor expectation management and frustration . 
  the whole western consumerist lifestyle goes against these basic wisdoms and raises these false expectations leading to feelings of misery and bursts of rage ... 
  it would be genocide to apply this to portugal . 
  at the very least a mental breakdown of some sort . 
  it would be like playing a zombie apocalypse on the roads . 
  most folks would be driving at a silent 20km/h while looking nervously all over the place !, 
  waiting for random crazy fuckers . 
  they really set the standard for broadcast quality worldwide and their documentary line is nothing short of amazing . 
  rt and particularly al jazeera are close contenders but only because they use former bbc staff and tread on the same path bbc treaded years before . 
  and not just technical stuff . 
  part of the bbc ethos got in as well . 
  by deliberately ignoring certain newsworthy events that can paint the eu in a bad light .
