  another hypocritical and unfair rule imposed by the north on the south . 
  if it were up to me , i 'd send freight trains of hungry miserable people straight into germany and other countries . 
  let them take their share . 
  kind of like sport billy , but with stacks of cash . 
  i 'd name ~ ~ it ~ ~ him captain apathy or captain last minute . 
  would n't fix anyone 's problems but would always come up with last minute unbelievably ingenious fixes to help stave off the problem a while longer . 
  and he would do this indefinitely , which would piss a lot of people off , of course . 
  dangerous idealists are the naive folk writing garbage utopian articles , from their comfortable 1 ^ st world desks , sheltered from threats of violence and misery . 
  living in a way of life provided directly or indirectly by the outstandingly horrible practices of their corporate employers . 
  yes , call me dick dastardly . 
  the ones shared with good friends . 
  the dangerous idealists are at it again . 
  let 's get them all in and then what ? 
  what will they do ? 
  aggravate social tension ? 
  further unemployment ? 
  strain the states resources ? 
  perhaps create the right conditions for right wing extremists to thrive ? 
  if europe really wants to help these migrants , then europe should invest in their homelands !, 
  they have the economic advantage of having resources and young demographics !, 
  but europe does n't want these countries to prosper . 
  it wants to further exploit them . 
  the major corporations corrupt their weak governments . 
  they sponsor rebels and violent actions , while reaping huge profits from the chaos . 
  europe is a mess and europe will eventually fold , not just to some serious centuries old bad karma , but mostly due to super corporations currently dictating foreign policy . 
  and the average citizen taxpayer is kept discussing the grey areas of xenophobia instead of common sense and long term planning . 
  overall , lots of paternalizing . 
  far more demanding and generally unreasonable than with locals . 
  being most unfriendly , sarcastic and rude ( verdammt verdammt verdammt ) . 
  do n't make a mistake or your whole bloodline and country will be called lazy and incompetent shitheads and that they have to do it themselves . 
  this applies to southern europeans , particularly spanish and portuguese . 
  i believe some would 've lost it if a greek was present . 
  but all this said in a very controlled and low tone of voice . 
  if a woman ca n't perform as they unreasonably expect , she 's probably better fucking or cleaning toilets than doing her job . 
  i 've met very cold and shallow people there . 
  i 'm summing up a lot of stuff . 
  this was n't all in one episode or one group of individuals . 
  and it was n't all being directed specifically at me . 
  i was an outside observer for most of them . 
  in some cases , i had audio being recorded and cameras on for long periods , so long they forgot about it or never knew the range of the equipment . 
  the us would sell poland to the russians if they could . 
  nato is an excuse and cover for us military hegemony . 
  they do n't have our backs this time . 
  there is n't advantage in holding territories nowadays . 
  in this case , if conflict broke out , i 'm pretty sure the russian military chiefs would recommend destroying poland and creating a buffer zone between russia and the west . 
  it 's got the nukes ... 
  the simple fact you 're getting downvoted ... 
  i 'm going out on a limb and risk saying it 's coming from your own countrymen . 
  better than history channel . 
  germany . 
  being in germany , understanding german , but speaking only english and them not knowing that ... leads to constant overhearing of germans trash talk about portuguese . 
  really offensive , stuff , like murder inducing rage , and not being able to react because jobs and other peoples lives depend on playing it cool . 
  guess some things do n't change , no matter how hard it 's tried . 
  you 're currently basking in the post colonial legacy and all the wealth it gave europeans . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with him but i 'd like to hear more and not just bury different opinions undervotes . 
  reddit sure brings out all thats bad about democracy . 
  name a bank or country wanting an inspection on their books ? 
  to think that all this came from a [ portuguese princess ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catherine_of_braganza ) ... 
  op , with 1000 euros in your pocket each month , you 'll live like a king in porto , portugal . 
  providing you do n't have children and are n't interested in going to school . 
  one would expect such statements from general zod ... not david cameron . 
  ** portugal ** whoever makes a comment online or elsewhere regarding the political elections of this sunday will get prosecuted and thrown in jail . 
  so said the national election committee . 
  but this is n't even the weird part . 
  the weirdness is that nearly everyone complied !, 
  myself included . 
  amputate a kids foreskin , without anesthetics and making him cry in horror and also puzzled as to why on earth would the once people who were so good to him are being so mean to him this time . 
  yeah , i 'm totally a retard . 
  you ca n't expect to be taken seriously . 
  do n't you know that anyone who signs anything under duress , such documents are legally void ? 
  and that the return to a previous state , prior to the moment of aggression is what is ethical and expected and in this case , demanded !!, 
  oliven\u00e7a was ours before the napoleonic wars and before yet another sad episode of chauvinistic ambitions by spain . 
  oliven\u00e7a should 've been returned and will be returned . 
  what kind of thick thuggish mentality can even remotely reason something like that ? 
  it would definitely have an impact in the development of the child . 
  this is unjustified trauma . 
  and the whole reasoning is that , if it 's sanctioned by god , then it must be ok and supercede the children , the woman or even the adult man 's interests . 
  this leads down a dangerous path . 
  the trauma is there , whether you remember or not or even care to admit . 
  thank you sweden for some sanity . 
  it 's about time people stand up against these religious thugs . 
  freedom to practice religion should be for adults only . 
  enough of trauma and indoctrination . 
  enough with the propagation of irrational beliefs . 
  enough with the sheltering of these people . 
  they are nothing but a plague of arrogant fools wanting to impose their belief system on the weak . 
  this is predatory behavior condoned by the state . 
  rewrite constitutions and impose a no religion anywhere in society and no practicing it until proper coming of age . 
  despite myself being born and raised catholic , i 'm an now part of a growing minority of atheists . 
  i refuse to baptize my children , even though i get a lot pressure from family to do so . 
  if they want to , they can choose it when their older . 
  and the current trend is that anyone who criticizes religion or displays any form of reasonable intolerance , is an asshole or is `` brave '' . 
  / r/atheism got a lot of undue flack when they should 've stepped up their quite moderate stances on religion . 
  if complaining or legal action is n't going to work . 
  and having failed militarily , what else is left ? 
  you know argentina is an economically broken country , right ? 
  so they ca n't afford to compensate britain for those islands nor trade anything for them . 
  not just populism . 
  argentine is in the dire straits and the falklands are rich in natural resources . 
  more so than the senkaku islands , i believe .
