  i 'm pretty sure a lot of bankers think the same could be made by the ecb . 
  for the sake of their banking profits , of course . 
  forgive the cynicism , but there 's a diminishing interest in maintaining a stable economy . 
  what matters is big profits and if that does n't line itself quickly with a growing middle class , then too bad for the middle class . 
  this is the end result of bipartisanship and political stagnation . 
  where in a race for what 's left . 
  and the people is under-represented and under-appreciated by the ruling upper classes . 
  i appreciate the honesty . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  so , why continue this farce ? 
  exposition and white balancing are way off between each of those pictures . 
  for instance , the portuguese is underexposed and thus seems darker skinned and having a unibrow . 
  others are overexposed . 
  some are pink and purple . 
  the backgrounds are different . 
  this is fixable . 
  germany holds too much power . 
  it controls the institutions and ecb and `` bullies '' other countries into submission . 
  this is economic-decisions wise . 
  i 'm a `` poor '' southerner and i do n't want a union with germany or any other big northern country . 
  it would be a disaster . 
  their xenophobic and ethnocentric worldviews would degenerate quick and we 'd get a lot of grief over it . 
  it 's a shame only the brits are `` permitted '' such eurosceptic views while others are dismissed and reduced to crack-pottery and extremism . 
  it 's a reaction that really says a lot about the eu . 
  first time i saw it , it looked out of place . 
  seeing it in the distance , on a lush green mountain , like some hindu/alien temple . 
  does n't fit anywhere in the world probably . 
  that portugal is a drug paradise . 
  we only decriminalized possession and actually began caring for drug users instead of shunning them or putting them in jail and further down the spiral . 
  and what do you know ? 
  drug use dropped drastically since that !, 
  another stereotype is that we 're beach going moochers in the eu . 
  we 're not . 
  we actually contribute more than we get . 
  our taxes are absurdly high !, 
  and in general , we work very hard and longer hours . 
  there just is n't work in portugal anymore . 
  i work with many migrant portuguese and the general consensus is they 're highly sought and skilled workers abroad . 
  they integrate and are respectful . 
  yes , only employment has . 
  and now certain things have costs that were n't high before , such as health , rent and education . 
  the basket of goods prices is an all too convenient comparison of purchasing power and prices . 
  hooray !, 
  inflation !, 
  lowering purchasing power even further !, 
  you ca n't reason with a religious hardliner . 
  he follows little logic . 
  europe is morally bankrupt . 
  it intervenes when it clearly should n't and sits idly by when it obviously should intervene . 
  the reason is simple - economic interests !, 
  hence the moral bankruptcy . 
  how un-virtuous of the eu . 
  loosing any sort of moral high ground and placing crosshairs on it 's citizens , making them targets for vengeful muslim extremists . 
  [ about moderate islam ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yalud8jpv7q ), 
  he has the goat herders vote !, 
  he could have just taken them to malmm\u00f6 's muslim ghettos . 
  edit : well , / r/europe ca n't take a joke . 
  downvote away and feast on your political correctness . 
  i fear it wo n't last for long . 
   well , we know what happened , first afghanistan , then iraq and over decade of occupation followed by setting up and arming of puppet governments . 
  * those * wars are far from over . 
  i would n't call them a victory . 
  the world has become 20 times worse because of them . 
  economically , politically and socially . 
  they do n't even count as a pyrrhic victory , because they will end up weighing far more on the west . 
  these wars mark the decline of the west and their colonial legacy , which permitted them resources and supremacy over the centuries . 
   the war with the west is not winnable for russia no war with russia would be winnable by anyone , even the mighty us and eu/rest of nato . 
  a lot of talk about backing down and deescalation . 
  i seriously doubt that . 
  whatever could be launched would be launched . 
  this has been said by many admirals , analysts and military strategists . 
  particularly in the absence of political leadership . 
  the world would fall to pieces . 
  in the aftermath , the people and economies would be irradiated into chaotic stone age like dystopia . 
  the economical cycles , food growth , technology and resource extractions would just grind to a halt for a few decades and that time the jihadis/nutters would no doubt inherit the earth . 
  so , peace would be actually unachievable . 
  everything and everyone would be dragged forcefully into such a conflict . 
  and let 's not forget the decades of brutal repression against the kurds and the current influence in keeping isis running loose by pressuring nato and other countries into not helping the kurdish forces , which are the only ones capable of facing isis and actually fighting and giving their lifes to protect the many fragile minorities of syria and iraq . 
  turkey is a theocratic state ran by an islamist thug that deserves to be in shackles , not in office . 
  if only the much more modern and young turks managed to maintain the sweeping momentum of their revolution . 
  this election was either a blatant fraud or if truthful , then the turkish people deserve whatever is reserved for them . 
  oh you speak for european muslims ? 
  i have seen and read very little opposition to isis brutal campaign . 
  anecdotal evidence time . 
  quite a few friends of mine were pretty straight edge guys until they went on their 6/8 months military service . 
  they came back with nasty addictions and habits . 
  x , coke , heroin and were never the same . 
  also , theft and organized gangs raids were a regular then . 
  all of them said there was no saying no to these guys . 
  unless you wanted to be beaten up or skullfucked in your sleep . 
  how on earth our military retain high level functionality is beyond me . 
  the initiation rights and training are a brutal experience . 
  we get regular cases in the media about recruiters dying or beaten within an inch of their life . 
  not like this . 
  i 'm very critical of roma culture but they went through a world of shit and denying it or being a historical revisionist should make him lose any political trust instead of gaining it . 
  as for the roma and muslims , they should be thrown in jail or expelled if found breaking the law , as should any other citizen or wannabe-citizen . 
  not shown any complacency or any kind of discrimination , positive or negative . 
  feeling guilt is normal . 
  acknowledging it is positive . 
  allowing it to manipulate society to circumvent existing legal framework is intolerable .
