  minimum wage here is 485 euros . 
  lucky people ( who have jobs ) can hope to make between 600 and 750 euros . 
  it still not enough to pay rent and basic food for one . 
  as rent for a shithole in the ground is ~ 450 $ near the cities and not mentioning energy gas and water costs that can reach 200 . 
  then food and other living necessities are never below 250 $ per month , unless you plan on hibernating through bad times . 
  even so , i have kids . 
  two . 
  love them but this is a horribly painful world . 
  the amount of stress and grief the government causes me ... 
  i 'm treated like a crook but i feel like i 'm being abused at every chance encounter with the government . 
  struggling month to month ... 
  relationship wise , be prepared to get divorced or separated after 9 years max and badly , because people redirect all their anger and frustration to their so for him having failed to give a hollywood/soap opera lifestyle . 
  there 's no couple i know , from my or newer generations with kids that has lasted more . 
  i 'm talking people with high education . 
  i find lower educated people last together longer . 
  lost it . 
  i do n't believe it was necessary . 
  afghanistan , like all radical islam extremist hellholes are unconquerable . 
  afghanistan is hardly comparable . 
  it was a miserable tribal country with very little to lose . 
  face it . 
  it 's unwinnable . 
  let 's just hope the russians do n't get an excuse to advance towards central europe gobbling countries up . 
  there would hardly be a fighting chance for the eu . 
  the russians have 4500 nuclear warheads and are highly militarized . 
  nobody would dare resist them . 
  the us would sit this one out . 
  it 's a bit off from droning out some sheep herders wedding in remote mountains for lulz . 
  and before you say no way , it would happen because putin would buy a few countries to also sit that one out and even share the spoils . 
  backstabbing is what the eu does best . 
  oligarchs can afford to wait it out . 
  common people in winter ca n't . 
  yes , but do n't discard the eu as a corrupting force . 
  i firmly believe we and others were driven to our predicament , as it served many private interests within the eu . 
  that 's an old expendable ship . 
  this was planned for ages . 
  it 's still terrifying today . 
  i call it !, 
  of course portugal needs to be in line with the same sanctions . 
  why is it that the eu must be a cacophony of voices . 
  portugal and poland must be on the same page as germany and the uk . 
  ca n't these people sit down and actually take a collective decision ? 
  russia has a history of violently crushing uprisings . 
  things can become bleak but do n't think he will step down . 
  besides , he 's already threatened equal measures . 
  dropping the dollar , cutting the gas . 
  they have china tacit support and they alone as a buyer will drag this . 
  the very worst that can happen is they start selling nukes to rogue entities or pick fights along their western borders . 
  are you sure it 's not the onion reporting this ? 
  i do n't agree with my government on many things , one of them is this diplomatic ambiguity and cloaked atittude . 
  but i also do n't agree with people bundling war along with diplomatic and economic efforts . 
  it 's ridiculous and dangerous in comparison . 
  isolating someone is much different than sending armed troops . 
  portugal , a nato and eu country acting alone on this is laughable . 
  perhaps a much needed comic relief for everyone but no ... 
  when i speak against germany and the uk , i mean in the eu context , obviously . 
  these are the heavyweights whose voice is stronger . 
  or so everyone thought ... who would have known these would forget history so easily . 
  the wishes of your people allow a country to annex a entire region almost the size of belgium and think it will stop there , when the rhetoric is now turned to other regions like transnistria in moldavia , lithuania and poland is n't wrong ? 
  i seem to recall past mistakes in judgement that cost a lot of lives . 
  and were i a native of these countries , i 'd be very suspicious of anything from both the eu or the russian federation . 
  cameron is a representative of the financial and corporate interests of the world . 
  i say this without a tinfoil hat and i would like to believe that anyone with half a brain would have acknowledges this by simple observation . 
  they 're not in office to safeguard the citizens interests , but their parties , their sponsors and their careers . 
  citizens come 4 ^ th or 5 ^ th . 
  you can be proud for doing nothing but you can also be judged for it as well . 
  does n't absolve me or my country of anything . 
  merely acknowledges we 're too small to inflict any measure that can serve as deterrent . 
  the uk is n't evil , just misguided and calculistic . 
  your joke of a government is at fault here . 
  countries like poland are dealing with the physical risks and not to mention the history of repetition of assault between russia and them . 
  all should take measures and band together and send an effective message . 
  but , as always , dialogue within the eu is as effective as a choir of vuvuzelas . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  do n't expect a privileged position inside the eu or europe by whoring yourselves to the russians . 
  nor any moral high ground when rallying people to protect your many interests abroad . 
  as for my country , we both know how irrelevant we are . 
  do n't worry , a lack of spine will soon bring you to our tier . 
  what is friendship ? 
  i 'm not implying they 're friends with putin . 
  they 're in the same bed with him . 
  merkel and cameron are valuing russian gas and money at the expense of the eastern countries . 
  do n't bring friendship into politics . 
  it 's a far too clean concept for such a dirty swamp . 
  the real question is : for how much will ms. merkel and mr. cameron * sell * poland and lithuania to russia ? 
  how much oligarch bank deposits and gas will it buy them ? 
  and in come german redditors downvoting , being calculistic and `` level headed '' about things that do n't affect their homeland . 
  because if it were germany being discussed and on the line , a whole different rhetoric would be applied . 
  if you take away the bad precedent and huge shift in the balance of power , which will result in state paranoia , suspicion against all sides , a new found fear of protests , the gradual weakening of any form of government couple with an easiness in instigating instability . 
  this is essentially a new cold war with added arms race and totalitarian policies ... 
  a brutal caliphate , obviously . 
  in a near barren landscape , destroyed by years of extreme war , guerrilla warfare and terrorism . 
  it is now riddled with minarets and where the few remaining europeans native are kept as slaves and prize by their islamic overlords . 
  the timeframes are insane . 
  this was in the works for some time now . 
  i wonder if the protests were n't designed to go that far and that violent ? 
  and now the rhetoric on the baltic states poland and moldova ... 
  this is going to end badly for those regions as well , with political instability now being a key ingredient to becoming de facto annexed by russia . 
  meanwhile , the eu and the us remain in their usual torpid state . 
  unable to do anything relevant about it .
