  brazilians make the majority of immigrants and usually integrate very well . 
  in fact , i think we could use more of them and their optimism . 
  i think there 's something about becoming portuguese that tones down feelings of racism or ethnocentricities . 
  we are very depressed and apathetical towards everything , racism included !, 
  so , why bother , right ? 
  let 's drink and weep for past losses , individual and collective . 
  as if suffering was a unifying force and we were watching things unfold from far away . 
  there is an imagery that comes to my mind and i think helps describe us ... of someone standing alone on a beach , gazing into the horizon and longing for something to return . 
  besides , we had our own diasporas ( going through one now ) , had former colonies and that pervades our culture , giving us some empathy . 
  the real tensions here are between gypsies and africans . 
  once in a while these often shoot each other in massive gang brawls . 
  hope these guys make it . 
  we are sure in need of more competition and less too-big-to-be-scrupulous tech giants . 
  how about building an international coastal area on northern africa with the sole purpose of ending these attempts ? 
  a shared custody of said land under un supervision , with benefits to the hosting country and where people can escape pursuers and have better work and education opportunities . 
  every so often , those who qualified and got job offers could go to the european mainland . 
  and knives !, 
   it happens . 
  you do n't like living in a secular society based on basic human rights and non discriminating but reasonable rule of law ? 
  leave . 
  i hear antarctica is quite undiscriminating . 
  besides , burkas are atrociously misogynistic , criminal liabilities and should be outlawed . 
  so are `` covenants '' with god in the form male circumision and female excision . 
  i do n't care if it 's muslim or christian and forms of brutal nonsense inflicted on the young and vulnerable . 
   a youth organisation which helps young muslims maintain their identities and find likeminded people . 
  sounds like a good thing . 
  `` ummah schweiz '' you 're really naive on this one . 
  an organization that lobbies or will begin to lobby towards segregation , not integration . 
  an organization rule by islamic principles and that aims to unify muslims to ensure switzerland gives in to their political demands like shariah , building minaretes and laxing immigration towards refugee intake . 
  the vast majority of members are moderates . 
  any radicals are closely monitored by our intelligence service . 
  moderate muslims are irrelevant and likely non existent . 
  even non practicing ones are biased towards their religion and culture . 
  these give tacit approval of violent action in the form of silence and non cooperation with authorities . 
  took years of self-vicitimization , funded by foreign oil and blood money , but it got the latest generation far more radicalized than the previous one . 
  the tensions are quite present . 
   the ban made absolutly no sense on any level . 
  anyone who supported that billshit is a bigoted brick . 
  so getting angry about it is their right . 
  the ban was the only thing that made sense . 
  it 's worrying that it takes a right winged parties to do it , when it should be common sense . 
   yeah holocaust 2.0 incoming ... fucking nazis . 
  you really lost it . 
  self-victimization hyperbolic nonsense . 
  check out the crime rates and who 's perpetrating them . 
  check out the prison population main religions or ethnicities . 
  who is hurting who . 
  this is nothing but a clash of cultures . 
  either adapt and integrate or leave . 
  the swiss should keep affirming swiss secular values and not give in to backwards religious practices . 
  radical religions are a cancer . 
  they have outlived their purpose and should be outlawed . 
  indoctrination , fueling hate and preying on the weak should be a great embarrassment to any human being , not to mention illegal . 
  radical islam is the most virulent ideology . 
  it comprises everything within it . 
  from economics to justice codes , to dress codes and food . 
  it aims to regulate every aspect of lives . 
  how can anyone expect it not to become a growing issue and a gross incompatibility with western secular values ? 
  perhaps it happens , but do n't mix the two up . 
  i mean radical islam getting a foothold in switzerland . 
  jihadists using switzerland as base . 
  i talking about `` umma schweiz '' and alarming fedpol reports of terrorist plots . 
  also , the quintupling of islam in switzerland to the tune of 600 000 ( 6 % of the population ) in the last 20 years . 
  i 'm also talking about the islamic central council of switzerland , that is actively `` importing '' muslims and favoring muslims in detriment of the swiss , giving them big discounts in various products and services while controlling their members facebook accounts to spread hateful ideologies . 
  or their plans for spewing hate speech on prime tv . 
  the lobbying for further minarets and countering the recent ban , which has made them all very very angry . 
  luckily , the willful blindness towards all radical religions is changing in europe . 
  money laundering , tax and banking haven for mobsters , oligarchs and other tax evaders , but disguised as neutrality , which kind of equates to profiting off other countries expenses . 
  apart from that , beautiful country to live in with very resourceful and hard working people . 
  too bad about the growing number of radical intolerant islam and its hate centers . 
  all religious groups in sweden - including muslims , jews , and christians - report an increase in self-victimization . 
  atheists should rise and takeover europe . 
  deport the crazies to antarctica and let the penguins deal with them . 
  true . 
  but it still happens . 
  i have friends who were given houses by their parents . 
  that would amount to some 600 euros each month . 
  but then again , some even live with their parents . 
  it 's just the * kafkaesque * nature of days we live in . 
  most people worked all their lives and strive to leave something fore their children , so as they do n't become enslaved themselves and have better lives or families . 
  high priced real estate is designed for maximum profitability and repossession for the banks . 
  people pour all their time and possessions and will never fully own them . 
  its beautifully diabolical . 
  100 years from , if we survive , we 'll look back at this and facepalm ourselves in shame . 
  i was born into a planet owned by someone else . 
  debt is a requirement to be a part of our society . 
  its a violent and outrageous concept . 
  tell me about it . . 
  just a few that i believe are n't disliked and are unanimously loved . 
  [ can\u00e7\u00e3o do mar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msigwecr5dc ) - or `` song of the sea '' by dulce pontes '' [ povo que lavas no rio ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj-ugf0_ypg ) '' - or `` people who wash clothes in the stream/river '' by am\u00e1lia rodrigues [ `` can\u00e7\u00e3o do engate '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzhlamrxace ) - or `` pickup song '' by ant\u00f3nio varia\u00e7\u00f5es [ `` telepatia '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scyapmh58dc ) - or telepathy by lara li '' [ se te amo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iy1a4mg0lii ) '' - or `` if i love you '' by quinta do bill please , my fellow countrymen , add more . 
  i upvote you and still agree with you to a point . 
  but i 'm not seeing islam as irrelevant here . 
  to me , islam is the gasoline you bring to fight an already raging fire ... 
  it is a catalyst for violence . 
  it 's a backwards , misogynistic , violently oppressive system that needs to be educated out of this world . 
  islam is not and willl never be part of any solution , in russia or anywhere , and it wo n't be voted out of office either or brought before a court . 
  i agree that we should n't be too simplistic , but in this case , as well as many other cases , that 's also being apologetic towards a kind of response that is completely disproportional and insane . 
  and that , is religious terrorism . 
  if you fail to see a pattern here or the extreme lengths these fanatics go to , then you 'll fail in preventing further massacres . 
  islam is not just a religion .
