  i had horrible experiences with these . 
  from insults to brutal death threats like beheading and physical intimidation . 
  man , they had public school small children engaging in hate rallies in class . 
  how can you or anyone apologize this kind of behavior ? 
  how are those people still here and free to roam around europe ? 
  does it offend you ? 
  it offends me that you seem offended by such a juvenile prank . 
  just shows how backwards and unacceptable religion is . 
  one of these days , you 're going to become a victim of something truly heinous . 
  in the end of your awful experience , tea and cookies will be served . 
  what can you do then ? 
  the police wo n't help and the media wo n't care . 
  even the community will ignore you and probably judge you if you try to make a fuss about it . 
  welcome to islam , or better yet , welcome to the uk . 
  that 's also the same logic behind rapists marrying their victims . 
  i meant reaching this far without resistance or intervention . 
  as if giving tea and biscuits clears anyone from serious wrongdoings . 
   more than a dozen sources disclosed how children at one supposedly non-religious primary school , oldknow , were led in anti-christian chanting by one of their teachers at assembly . 
  unbelievable that this happens and nothing is done about it , most likely out of fear . 
  also , makes you wonder what happens inside mosques . 
  in fact , it 's been reported by undercover journalists that hate speech and even terror workshops are held regularly ... 
  everything is stormfront nowadays . 
  hell , this sub is more stormfront than stormfront . 
  and that 's getting really old . 
  `` youths '' ... 
  nobody gives a damn anymore . 
  and this just shows it can happen in your own backyard and nobody will care . 
  so , governments better start stocking up on weapons of mass destruction and live in paranoia . 
  i bet this configuration will be a great nesting ground for political extremists . 
  proof that there ca n't be a rational discussion about immigration . 
  portugal , also a catholic country , suffers from this as well . 
  what 's worse is that families do n't allow the deaths be written by the coroners or police as suicides . 
  out of shame or denial , obviously . 
  the statistic is likely much higher than what it is . 
  an entire generation thrown under the bus . 
  left to utter precariousness and misery , apathy and depression . 
  a majority of them unable support themselves , carry on with their studies , get jobs , have kids and start families . 
  quite far from the way of life sold by the media and advertising industry . 
  disregard it being zerohedge . 
  it checks out . 
  and prepare for a euro devaluation . 
  ww2 era wmd 's were hardly wmd 's by today 's standard . 
  fire bombing was much more damaging and deadlier than any nukes back then . 
  these were the true wmd 's . 
  and fire bombing became a regular practice . 
  we ca n't really compare the world today to that of 70 years ago . 
  we have technology to easily develop 100 megaton bombs ( twice the yield of the infamous tsar bomba ) . 
  once that drops on a country , it 's game over for whoever is on the ground . 
  precision bombing may even begin in the early stages but that soon goes out the window , given their expense and over reliance on ground intel . 
  then , in come the big boys . 
  i wanted to avoid classic examples , but hitlers orders were to destroy cities on their retreat . 
  recent wars have left all infrastructure destroyed beyond any kind of use to rebels or even the locals . 
  in vietnam , during the war , the policy was to destroy anything that could be used by the vc army . 
  in syria , for example , whole cities and neighborhoods were razed to the ground upon retreat . 
  taliban in afghanistan have destroyed cultural heritages and infrastructure on their way out . 
  in mali also . 
  israel consistently bombs essential palestinian infrastructure , whether it is schools , hospitals or factories . 
  georgians shelled hospitals and infrastructure in tskhinvali . 
  the balkan wars also involved heavy destruction , particularly near the end . 
  it 's hard to give better examples with heavier weapons like nukes because we have yet to get there . 
  but i have no doubt it would be considered and probably used . 
  hate and recklessness are all too present in modern warfare . 
  conventions are signed and put to use in small conflicts or during peace time . 
  in a all out war , anything goes . 
  the aim is to inflict maximum damage/suffering on your enemy so as to end as quickly as possible . 
  some even consider it to be a humane approach . 
  logical insanity as dan carlin puts it . 
  here 's a thought . 
  the losing side usually considers using them . 
  imagine some dictator and his regime knowing his days are numbered . 
  he could go out in a spiral of violence and death . 
  look to history . 
  of course not . 
  germany and france will even provide the weapons for the grand assault . 
  the oligarchs and eu bureaucrats will fill their pockets and eu citizens get the short end of the stick . 
  probably get sent to some gulag . 
  the eu is a sad joke . 
  far too corrupt and morally bankrupt to actually do anything for the interests of it 's citizens or it 's principles . 
  bring on them down arrows !, 
  at least i 'm not delusional about reality and facts . 
  send them to germany and further north . 
  maybe it was prayer time in sweden . 
  or during ramadan . 
  you ca n't blame the poor swedes . 
  values ? 
  do n't you mean value ? 
  and more subject to road violence , theft and serious injuries . 
  i 'm a cyclist but it 's a horrible world for bike commuters . 
  do n't forget that a weak ruble means cheaper gas . 
  germany will profit if this drags for years . 
  a cold war is what merkel wants . 
  kids are expensive . 
  daycares are expensive and difficult to get into with meager incomes . 
  it 's also corrupt as hell and * a personal favor * must be involved somehow . 
  everything is ridiculously expensive for a single person , let alone people with kids . 
  kids are high maintenance and companies frown on people with kids . 
  vat is max value for kids stuff , like food , baby cars , etc. 
  every daycare , like any government center or school/college is loaded with administratives , doing god knows what . 
  much much more than 20 years ago . 
  that 's why tuitions/costs are pornographic and getting something to change is impossible .
