  it 's for the ukraine and the eu . 
  and gazproms stock have recently sunk due to ukraine turn to reserves and political tensions . 
  google it . 
  russia should be ashamed for what is has done recently to the ukraine . 
  i would never see them as friendly , more like a bunch of thugs . 
  the eu is much more reasonable . 
  and the eu should demand alternatives and a fair competitive market with alternatives . 
  those alternatives coming through the caucasus , which have been fought by russia . 
  north african gas pipelines and other sources of energy from the eu should kill gazproms monopoly and lessen russian political influence in the region . 
  it will be good for russia in the mid to long run . 
  yes , the eau are unlikely to serve eu interests . 
  they serve us interests . 
  just look at what qatar does to the uk with the fluctuation of oil prices . 
  we should find alternatives . 
  i do n't think the us will try to `` bring democracy '' to europe . 
  at the most , they would turn to the pacific , which they already have . 
  we could find partners in venezuela , iran , angola and brasil . 
  bypassing the arab untrustworthy doublecrossing sneaky terrorist ridden clusterfuck . 
  the ukraine needs to choose the eu , or risk becoming even more under the oligarchs . 
  the ukraine is the bread basket to the region and could output much more instead of leasing soil to china or egypt . 
  this would spark change and more social development in the underdeveloped region . 
  and also in russia due to those echoes in politics . 
  russia should also be more friendly to the eu as they share much in common with . 
  russia forgets the arctic disputes and the border tension it has with china and even japan coming in less than a decade . 
  russia forgets its a dying nation ( like mine is ) demographically speaking , with growing separatism and islamic terrorism . 
  russia is spread too thin and is a resource rich , highly coveted prize to many countries . 
  if i were ukraine i 'd pick a referendum . 
  russia would n't be able to do anything about it . 
  well , unless it wants to go the polonium way ... 
  the same way we should handle it inside the eu . 
  through referendum . 
  everyone should engage in a lengthy public debate . 
  all the pros and cons should come out of the woodwork , without fear of reprisals or maybe even `` poloniums '' . 
  a long healthy public debate about each country 's long term strategy . 
  it is obvious the political process is mined by corporate , banking and foreign countries meddling in their affairs . 
  let that be discussed to . 
  in this day and age , we can make a better opposition unlike 20 years ago when the media and its gatekeepers decided what was shoved down our throats . 
  maybe you fear an age of conspiratard logic . 
  i would reply the tinfoilers were right all along . 
  cue the latest wikileaks and global surveillance revelations . 
  also , if i had someone cutting off my power in the middle of winter , i 'd have a hard time seeing them as friendly , so this is totally non sequitur . 
  who knows , it could even change russian policy . 
  if gazprom 's stocks sink , it would likely send shockwaves through the kremlin . 
  i do n't think russia is that deep under puttins control . 
  the last elections proved just that . 
  democratic deficit is whats keeping the current oligarchy/plutocracy in place . 
  and some profound political change would n't be for the worse as most economists imply . 
  disliking the eu does n't make me a fan of everyone else . 
  if i am guilty of assuming too much , then you 're guilty of having a black and white judgement of things . 
  and yes , i am capable of jokes and not just anti-germanic rants . 
  stalking me now ? 
  oh the irony , yet giving subsidies to throw food away , remain well below maximum potential agricultural output or even abandon production is okay . 
  if i ate a cookie for every time farmers protests on the news by dumping trucks of milk , tomatos , fruit , wine , olive oil and whatever on the stairs of parliament ... 
  i 'd be morbidly obese by now . 
  wait a minute , turkish ? 
  wtf ? 
  russia 's gon na need a lot of polonium for this one ... 
  you should run for office . 
  i know you read it . 
  you just do n't want to address it . 
  its ok , i do n't even expect you to . 
  no one seems to be able . 
  its an inconvenient truth . 
  i wont find common ground with you . 
  we live different realities , have different expectations . 
  maybe in a decade you 'll come to my side . 
  debunk my post please . 
  dismissing users and posts as conspiratards with one liners just does n't cut it . 
  i do n't identify with european or eu . 
  i do n't feel there is a european identity . 
  not anymore . 
  we do n't share values , hardships and there is little or no respect to be felt between us . 
  we have little in common other than a belligerent history and geography . 
  how 's that for foam ? 
  do i really need to enumerate sources to state what is visible to the naked eye ? 
  northern europeans behave like temporarily embarrassed millionaires , as steinbeck once put it . 
  they 're sure of themselves and believe they are superior . 
  meanwhile , the social asymmetry grows in all of europe and more and more are dropping out of middle class . 
  more and more wealth goes up the social pyramid and into corporate and financial giants . 
  more and more realize the bullshit policies are serving corporate interests and not the people . 
  i do n't care if you join my cause or not . 
  i wo n't join yours because of reason and because of reality . 
  and if i had the chance to vote , which has been denied/supressed i 'd vote out of this meat grinder that is the eu . 
  i 'd vote for default and to completely ignore odious debt imposed by bullies . 
  the eu was supposed to shield us and band together , and instead chose to please germany . 
  what persecution complex ? 
  do n't you have eyes to see the negative votes on even the mildest skeptical eu redditors ? 
  you do n't want furious discussion . 
  or waste time . 
  perhaps you want monologues . 
  you want to surrender responsibility a foreign `` deity '' . 
  that 's tendentiously fascist . 
  i bet you love absolute majorities and active/aggressive political speeches . 
  here 's where i call fascists rightfully . 
  the surveillance state . 
  the difference in citizen worth . 
  the eu serving germany 's interests and it 's interest rates . 
  the lack of competitiveness among member states and their respective businesses . 
  the german privilige . 
  the self-cannibalizing member states ( offshores , diferent irc 's , etc ) .
