  i do n't swear every three words . 
  in fact , i hardly talk at all when in lisbon to save myself the grief . 
  we 're not all illiterate construction workers . 
  porto is a much hated city by those in the capital and elsewhere . 
  it arose mostly through football ( benfica fans irrationally hate porto for stealing glory or whatever bs reason ) but has gone way beyond that . 
  northerners are for a long while hated with a passion and considered brutish rednecks , with rampant corruption , drugs and prostitution . 
  this is why i dislike football . 
  i 've seen countless acts of gratuitous mistreatment and on rare occasions violence , in lisbon , only just because someone is from porto . 
  things like going to a box office to buy a ticket will sometimes get you treated like a retard or even like a violent offender . 
  hide that northern accent ... makes no sense , given that the capital absorbs most of the budget and the north gets very very little investment in comparison . 
  the people in the north have it much harder with higher unemployment and much less opportunities . 
  the accent is rough though . 
  very aggressive with emphasis on plosives ( p 's and t 's ) and nasal sounds . 
  we probably sound like we 're about to murder someone . 
  it 's ridiculous what the world has come to and how jack shit is being done to prevent this from escalating . 
  i would like to see russia in the eu as well . 
  all of this would lose any sense under one simple scenario . 
  belgium meets netherlands in the world cup final !, 
  they be crawling out of the woodwork to make damn sure belgium wins it . 
  what a disfunctional bunch . 
  schauble undermined the entire eu project by uncompromising and flexing german economic weight , all the while feeding this british * exitism 's * . 
  and now it wants them to stay in ? 
  how can this guy keep a straight face ? 
  either he 's trolling the brits or he probably thinks of himself as omnipotent . 
  as always , eu is all about jumping the gun . 
  just like the euro was adopted foolishly and without proper academic thought or debate , so will a joint armed force will end badly or at the very least leave a significant portion of eu citizens distressed or even feeling themselves under attack . 
  just as i believe the euro currency folly was flawed by design and pushed for political and economic gains , so will this eu army lead to further ruin of its people but abundant power and wealth to a select few . 
  my division is simpler and requires little imaging skills . 
  portugal is portugal , make it a clearly defined blue color . 
  the rest of europe can be whatever the hell they want and color it black or red . 
  i had no idea image quality in portugal was subpar . 
  in the north we sometimes use `` santa cona do assobio '' which translates to holy whistling cunt or saint whistling cunt ( some localities are name after their saint ) . 
  also , `` caralho mais longe '' - the farthest cock . 
  and to complement the original / u/longlaz mentions , we sometimes ( rarely ) say `` onde judas perdeu as botas '' which translates to where judas lost his boots . 
  unions should be like llc 's than mariages . 
  running a familiy has many similarities to running a business but none of the advantages , particularly under austerity . 
  many families are declaring bankruptcy like never in our history . 
  my country is quite effectively driving the fertility rate into the ground and driving people out of the country . 
  over taxing and lack of incentives are destroying families . 
  perhaps a look into that resource through the eyes of economists can actually prevent the end of portugal . 
  why are struggling families with 2 or more kids without any government support is beyind me . 
  why these pay 23 % vat instead of a lesser tax ... why monthly benefits has been suspended or cut . 
  why health bills , daycare and education costs go unaided . 
  tuitions have risen and bank loans overcame scholarships . 
  it 's the age of stupid . 
  such progress much sophistication plenty personal freedom wow, 
  millions of balls would love the extra freedom and fresh hair . 
  this is the most rational response here . 
  the western world chose to live under the american umbrella . 
  you ca n't deny it for whatever reasons you come up with . 
  germany should be thankful for the marshall plan , where it got extremely good conditions , unlike the other countries it destroyed in their bout of madness . 
  it 's quite easy to get the gold back . 
  step out of the system . 
  deal with the political and economical consequences of it . 
  i seriously doubt they 'd mount an invasion of germany . 
  also , do it gradually . 
  maybe the system can maintain stability . 
  this is not saying there is n't a problem with the dollar . 
  we need a smart all encompassing solution . 
  or risk a worldwide economic crash on many fronts , and very difficult to recover from . 
  i know the root of problem - too much money is held by very few and this assymmetry is dragging the economy down . 
  but on the other hand , if it were n't held , the system would 've collapsed or reset much sooner , along with a huge surge in natural resource consumption . 
  eco footprints would explode , accelerating our collective demise . 
  funny thing , hoarding and greed is what 's holding the economy and the planet together . 
  you guys resemble the band on the titanic , debating on what song to play next while the ship sinks and people scream all around . 
  why not just the empire ? 
  too many dark connotations ? 
  i think it 's more fitting . 
  this is actually a good thing . 
  certain subjects will be forced on the table , like immigration or tax havens , and we 'll also get a glimpse of what 's at stake and how fragile the union is right now . 
  i consider it a stroke of luck to have gotten such right winged results on a european parliament election instead of a general election . 
  otherwise , we 'd be discussing which barbwire to put on the borders or how to dispose of illegal immigrant bodies . 
  what ? 
  having a german is considered a boost ? 
  look , i do n't know if the man is competent or not , but your line of reasoning is complete bonkers !, 
  i vote for holy german empire . 
  you reminded me dylan moran 's `` monster '' . 
  which may be the only good thing to come out of this exchange . 
  oh , more insults !, 
  just great !, 
  i do n't think i need to add anything more here . 
  empty rhetoric with added insults . 
  and the examples you give ... brilliant attempt of manipulation . 
  you should try politics !, 
  i may sound insane to you , but to me you just sound dangerous and calculistic . 
  wtf ? 
  whose comments are you actually reading ? 
  certainly not mine !, 
  even so , i 'll take the time to address some points . 
  so maybe you can start questioning things for yourself as well . 
  i actually resent the term conspiracy theory , as it is demeaning and creates bias towards finding facts and truth , being dismissive . 
  anti-surveillance and anti-financial lobbyists were labelled tinfoilers and shun . 
  careers were lost . 
  yet many were proven right . 
  no media room would run it . 
  and it took full blown martyrdom by a few brave to break it into the world . 
  and the world we live in is in the gutter . 
  this notion may not have hit us fully yet , but it will . 
  a perfect storm of epic proportions is brewing . 
  you may think every generation feels this , but please disregard me entirely and go read the science and economic forecasts for the next 30 years .
