  you forgot the daily rants about lazy subhuman southern europeans . 
  as a follow up , there is no possible sustainability in current economics because there is no such thing as a free market !, 
  the market is n't allowed to regulate itself . 
  there is an imbalance of power shifting towards the super rich . 
  there are well over 30 trillion euros in assets held by these super rich families in offshore accounts . 
  they are of every countries and are but a fraction of the population . 
  they own industry and banking and dictate legislation . 
  trickle down economics is a hoax . 
  it 's socialism just for the elites , through privatization of profits and nationalization of losses . 
  italy holds too much debt ( 2 trillion euros ) . 
  a default would likely create chaos in the global debt markets . 
  like opening a pandora 's box . 
  unlike previous defaults such as russia or argentina which happened in somewhat controlled fashion and still in a economic prosperous world . 
  other countries would have to follow italy 's example , like my own , greece and spain . 
  i also believe the us and the uk would have to default as well because they 're seriously over indebted and would n't be able to keep paying that debt , specially in a chaotic market . 
  every bond holder would be left holding mostly worthless paper . 
  in the following days after this no one would be able to finance themselves . 
  economic projections and growth would grind down . 
  the consumer market would collapse , either through massive inflation or deflation . 
  many banks would collapse , interest rates would soar and drive up costs of food and energy to unsustainable heights . 
  lending would stop . 
  a lot of anger and resent would ripple through the worlds population . 
  it would likely lead to conflict . 
  think weimar republic 2.0 . 
  that bad ... and we all know what came of that . 
  countries with natural resources would be able to maintain some status and leverage , while others would not . 
  it would take years or decades to restore confidence and trade . 
  you could take the current eu and mix it up and present it in various ways . 
  they 'd all fail miserably because corporate and financial interests would still be running the show . 
  great leaders would make for a great union . 
  we have none . 
  mesoamerican of distant european ascendancy . 
  tuga is to portuguese as nigger is to black people . 
  slowly and in a strong acid solution . 
  i do n't read that many tabloids , well , except reddit of course . 
  but given the irrationality of european justice it does n't suprise me . 
  and having read the rest of story it still amazes me that from this ridiculous situation , actual jail time has been given . 
  oh , and you do know that a good portion of this subreddit is dedicated to the bizarre and byzantine , do n't you ? 
  an unpopular opinion shared by [ denmark ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/denmark/8507772/denmark-announces-decision-to-reintroduce-border-controls-ahead-of-schengen-meeting.html ) , which has already restored border controls . 
  other countries are also itching over it , namely the uk , [ spain ] ( http://www.demotix.com/news/1179645/spain-temporarily-suspend-schengen-treaty-and-border-controls ) , [ france and germany ] ( http://www.presseurop.eu/en/content/news-brief/1844061-france-and-germany-push-suspend-free-movement ) . 
  let them downvote all they want . 
  this subreddit is really going downhill . 
  portugal - we have an autocrat heading one of our regional governments . 
  has been there for decades and basically pilled up a huge amount of debt and is n't interested in paying it . 
  regularly insults tax payers and governments from continental portugal and always threatens with separatism . 
  he 's become old and senile . 
  - troika gave us another year to reach deficit targets . 
  economy is dying at even worse than expected accelerated rate . 
  - a group of pensioners , basically former bankers , doctors and high profile people , created a movement against the cuts in pensions . 
  some are in the 90 % range . 
  these are people that still have pensions well over 50 000 euros a month . 
  it 's causing a lot of indignation because some people are surviving on 220 euros a month , while being expelled from their homes because a new urban rent law has come into place , allowing prices to be hiked . 
  - the rent law that 's creating more and more homeless people , particularly among the old and sick . 
  rents are going from 30 euros to 700 euros . 
  these are people whose income is less than 200 euros and can not sustain those rent prices . 
  - portugal is bleeding their young . 
  more and more young educated people are leaving the country . 
  most are not expected to return . 
  - leaving the euro is becoming more discussed as we run out of options . 
  - wars are likely to return with a vengeance , after this whole eu clusterfuck ends . 
  it 's ridiculous to send anyone to prison for parking tickets . 
  the disproportionality reminds me of stalinism , where one would be sent one year in jail for arriving late at work . 
  sure , a hefty fine proportional to their income , but jail ? 
  that 's medieval !, 
  take up gardening , carpentry or any other profession . 
  doing any form of creative work is very rehabilitating . 
  but without the state pushing it , these people , which are clinically depressed and have no desire for anything but drugs , will have little incentive to do so . 
  `` after having saved the euro , we must rescue the legitimacy of the eu '' what ? 
  the euro has been saved ? 
  by whom ? 
  or , in which swiss bank deposit ? 
  on the other hand , they have the largest gypsy community . 
  by 2050 a lot of things will have happened that 'll throw away any current geopolitics forecast . 
  schengen should 've been revoked years ago . 
  edit : just to clarify my post . 
  i think we 'd all benefit from it . 
  to enter another country we 'd need only our national citizens card and not just have a free roaming about eu space without control . 
  the number of illegal immigrants , sex trafficking and other criminal operations would likely drop . 
  hang in there bro . 
  sie downvotes are coming !, 
  calling it war would be controversial but there would be a lot of conflict . 
  i can imagine puppet governments replacing democratically elected ones . 
  also , forceful annexation of islands and other territories , as well as bank accounts and other property . 
  from here we move to embargoes , speculation and price fixing . 
  even military incursions to protect corporate interests . 
  think central america and the us . 
  would you call that war ? 
  and disinformation and division was a standard tactic . 
  this would lead to some form of reaction , obviously labelled as terrorism and rebel . 
  which , in our highly educated , informed and technologically advanced europe is a very big wildcard . 
  your `` standard '' terrorism could become quite the euphemism . 
  then there is the never ending arrogance of `` strength in numbers '' and cultural superiority spewing from certain politicians . 
  these are never put in their place , either by their peers , the eu or their voters . 
  in fact , just the opposite !, 
  this is leading to escalation . 
  i ca n't imagine in my own country , any of our government officials implying or saying such things as some german officials have said . 
  even when dealing with our former african and south american colonies . 
  sure , they may be crooks and corrupt , but they at least have tact . 
  tech items could become pricier for up to a year or more if nukes are involved . 
  similar to the hard disk price hike over thailand floods a few years ago .
