  oh look , a window . 
  nasal sounds are perceived as breathing or a small break at a words end . 
  it can be off putting , i agree , if you do n't understand the significance of what it really is or you just hear it a couple of times . 
  the \u00c3 and o sounds are not even heard by a non portuguese . 
  perhaps after a few days your ear will notice if its constantly exposed to the sound . 
  this is brain wiring at work not just sound . 
  language has these quirks . 
  ask any english soccer fan to hear a mourinho give a long speech in portuguese . 
  the only advantage is that we can assimilate/perceive foreign sounds much quicker and at first . 
  unlike simpler phoneme languages . 
  portuguese people usually have little difficulties learning new languages and often assimilate accents as well . 
  i 'd prefer a simpler phoneme based language as it would give better projection and listenability . 
  complexity is different from superiority . 
  where did i wrote that it was superior ? 
  if anything it makes it harder to learn and understand . 
  i basically need subtitles to fully understand my own language in movies . 
  also the nasal sounds are not even perceived/heard by foreigners as their ears are not familiar with the sound at first encounters . 
  i studied linguistics . 
  also , lesser phonemes make it more suited to melody . 
  brazilian portuguese also has fewer phonemes , like english and its way more fluid and musical . 
  but living in a bubble and showing no empathy for your own people does . 
  that and refusing to even acknowledge the situation is complex and guilt is shared . 
  no , to you foreigners do no wrong and anything portuguese is certainly bad and vicious . 
  i almost see prime-minister qualities in you . 
  you just need to loathe portugal a bit more . 
  phonetically much more complex than spanish , or even english . 
  more than twice the number of phonemes . 
  we also have an exclusive of nasal sounds called ` ditongos nasais ' ending in '' \u00e3o '' . 
  the pattern should be obvious by now . 
  the eu ship is sinking and the south bow is already below the cold atlantic water . 
  when will the north stern realize this ? 
  they had man made earthquakes !, 
  how does that not make you paranoid ? 
  very interesting article , particularly the martin luther part . 
  its hard to remain objective when even a meager livelihood is threatened . 
  when you ca n't get a paying job and you and your children starve or eat just rice and noodles . 
  showing no empathy towards the south will of course mean germany will receive the most stupid and atavistic remarks . 
  but these people are still not the majority . 
  when they become a majority , they will not be silent and things will escalate . 
  if you do n't understand from where those come from then perhaps germany should cut all ties with these southern while there is still time . 
  clearly both nations do n't see eye to eye . 
  like an already separated couple consensually moving towards a quick divorce . 
  all those requests probably came from that guy freemason kung fu spy panda . 
  him or relvas . 
  his shitlist is a mile long . 
  level playing field . 
  a most vacuous reply sure to win the masses . 
  it only means fairness in the rules , which is kind of an obvious and implied . 
  so in essence , an open market with advantages mostly leaning towards the bigger/richer companies . 
  equality in treatment does not mean equality of success and the success depends not just on entrepreneurship and resourcefulness but also the economic and logistic backing of their own countries , access to lines of credit , entrepreneurial culture and experience and of course the lobbying might when deciding how bigger shares each country got . 
  portugal had very little influence or power . 
  lets talk about chances or probability to succeed ... portugal was hardly on favourable terms . 
  nowhere near the economic might to take on the competition . 
  and it was never supposed to . 
  portuguese companies could only expect to outcompete others at market niches or outside the eu . 
  btw : fiscal and financial solidarity is not a false principle . 
  it 's a basic constitutional principle . 
  you are certainly subject to it , unless you 're some oligarch with money stashed in some offshore account . 
  society needs to level the playing field . 
  what does that mean exactly ? 
  fairness in accessing opportunities ? 
  how about the chances of succeeding ? 
  do they get factored in ? 
  what are the chances of my company getting access to credit at sane interest rates when competing against german companies ? 
  add to that that many are based in lower tax countries like ireland or the netherlands and with unregulated/untaxed money laundering through offshores ? 
  taxes our country will never see . 
  ridiculous situations the eu turns a blind eye to . 
  does this cannibalistic approach mean a level playing field or a killing field ? 
  i think the latter . . and what are the chances of our children accessing education when troika demands steep budget cuts that are pushing for higher tuitions , pushing young people away from education ? 
  want to compare tutitions in northern europe against southern europe ? 
  how about the fairness in accessing health when old people are left to die from cancer because rational cuts took money for treatment and medication . 
  want to talk living costs ? 
  and privatization has not improved through competition . 
  just the opposite . 
  where did you get that data ? 
  what you mention essentially addresses nothing and at most is an utopian vision of an homogeneous europe that does n't exist and likely wo n't . 
  leave your country and witness the despair caused by those out of touch with european reality . 
  go south if you want to see a dramatic decades long reversal . 
  you can keep bringing up eastern european countries as examples but they have their own problems despite growth . 
  the statistics are poorly made and much of the people 's plight is muffled . 
  also , these statistics are being made by the same eu that failed to forecast the current problems . 
  i would n't discard the plundering of fresh eu funds by unregulated and unchecked corporate assault . 
  much like what happened in southern europe . 
  i would n't be surprised if many countries are buying up unneeded submarines , weapons and high priced infrastructure . 
  that is the way of the eu . 
  channeling eu taxpayer money to these big players . 
  i do n't see companies or corporations as enemies , i see the current eu and some heads of state as enemies of europe . 
  all this promiscuity and laxing of regulation is essentially cannibalizing europe . 
  nonsensical tax policies . 
  corporate interests trump the necessities of the people . 
  and if threatened , there is always the racism card to be used . 
  pit them against each other while we feast . 
  bring back all that hate they buried after wwii . 
  let them slaughter each other again in the killing fields . 
  as long as money and power keeps flowing to a selected few ... 
  united europe means financial solidarity . 
  if you 're not interested in that , then why even create a eu in the first place ? 
  why the common currency ? 
  as portugal provides for it 's poorer regions , so do the richer countries need provide for their poorest neighbors . 
  and richer incomes are taxed more ( or at least should ) to help those poorer .
