  it 's like porn means freedom when it is just the opposite . 
  it 's an insane argument cleverly hijacked by the professional agitprop political noise machine that manipulates the internet and has little touch with reality or scientific reason . 
  this is the result of decades of a consumerist and accommodated mindset . 
  the consumerist herd is easily whipped up in a cream over irrationalities , when the rational thing to do would be turning to the streets in protest against the already in place surveillance state . 
  if a fiscal union and a federate europe emerges in the coming years , you can rest assured that a european army will form soon after . 
  there are territorial disputes coming in the next few years over resources . 
  nato at the moment represents many factions in said disputes and it is bound to have disagreements within . 
  also , nato is pretty much a us military umbrella . 
  the us , although militarily undisputed , is turning it 's back from europe and towards the pacific ( it 's a much bigger market with huge economic potential ) . 
  which is the same as saying it will not act in europe 's interests and will actively foil them for their own gains . 
  and we have the russian federation gearing up . 
  as well as china . 
  pakistan and india pitted against each other , the middle east is cause for disagreements . 
  japan is poised to rearm itself again over economic troubles and border disputes with china and russia . 
  alliances will be made . 
  a new balance will have to be struck . 
  a disbanded european union will quickly fall prey to these interests . 
  it could also trigger large scale conflict . 
  so , it would be in everyone 's interests , that a european federation remains in play , even if it serves as buffer zone or deterrent . 
  our main problem is britain . 
  they will hardly join a european federation unless they 're given the helm , which is something that the germans would never agree . 
  so , nato is a dying project . 
  an anachronism or relic from an age when only two major superpowers were locked in cold war . 
  that infrastructure is already in place and being used extensively and it should be abolished . 
  but porn , as well as religious extremism , does pose a big problem to society . 
  sure , deny it but it creates a very distorted view of the world and many disfunctions , physical and social . 
  i plan to ban porn locally on the house , to prevent the kids from creating a warped view of human sexuality . 
  down votes in 3 , 2 , 1 , ... 
  not just that , but something worse - radicalization . 
  the eu has a joint military force in the planning . 
  it would make them/us a serious contender in any future disputes . 
  how have you not read or heard about this ? 
  i have children and living is economically unfeasible in portugal . 
  and a rising cost for you to deal with as they grow older . 
  supporting 2 small kids costs me 1000 euros on average per month . 
  there are hardly any government childcare spots , and those that exist need `` incentive '' to be accepted . 
  only spots available are in the private sector , which cost 3 or 4 times as much . 
  government child benefits were cut and in most cases even taken down . 
  the whole tax system is ridiculous and is based not in the `` now '' but in your past 2 years . 
  this means you can be out of a job , and not given any aid tax reduction or exemption . 
  also , what you contribute goes into a black hole and makes you eligible for nothing . 
  no future pension , no unemployment fund . 
  the schools costs are also unbelievable . 
  books are 250 euros on average in middle school . 
  college tuitions are close to 1100 euros , or 600 $ / month for a good school . 
  there are no jobs . 
  at best you can get a precariously held spot , but for minimum wage ( 485 eur ) and you bear the costs of social security ( 125 eur ) and vat , leaving you with holes in the pockets . 
  and nobody cares about your kids being sick or you needed to be a week with him in the hospital because of pneumonia . 
  i experienced this quite a few times . 
  i had to work during the day and spent nights at the hospital watching and providing breathing treatments . 
  luckily the wife could take the days ( as vacation ) . 
  i was literally a zombie those weeks . 
  i wish i could paint a better picture ... 
  i love my kids but this stress levels are unbearable . 
  and seeing how wealth and opportunity is distributed across society just makes me clench my fist with anger . 
  if you 're rich and well connected , or have a job in the public sector , you have all the perks . 
  if not , you 're screwed !, 
  i fall asleep in angst because i know i 'll eventually have to leave portugal to work abroad and leave my kids behind . 
  half of my friends have left . 
  the other half lives with their parents . 
  it 's sad to think my kids wo n't have the same opportunities i had ... be able to go to school and get an affordable masters degree like we did or even be able to afford rent to a house or apartment . 
  a life of precariousness and necessity is what 's coming . 
  edit : wording, 
  we should adopt `` terrorist speak '' en masse !, 
  the will of the people alone is often an insufficient argument . 
  there are many other factors to take into account , like geopolitics or even history . 
  if it were just a question of the local people 's will , taking over countries would be much easier - just migrate en masse . 
  a lot of places in europe are already under a new occupying ethnicity . 
  let 's not go there or we risk having to confront discriminating policies and xenophobia . 
  as ceuta should belong to morocco . 
  and oliven\u00e7a to portugal . 
  no , but i was a young adult . 
  i did caritas , cancer aid and various food bank collections and logistics . 
  and did it for a few years . 
  however , the organizers were deeply religious and sidelined me when aware of my atheism . 
  i still contribute whenever i can , but proselytism in volunteer work sucks . 
  that 's so dumb i have no words . 
  i used to , until i was confronted for not believing in god . 
  oh put a sock in it . 
  if they want self-determination and have their own culture and history , and even their own self sufficient living space . 
  who are you or anyone to force them to submit to a central governance ? 
  specially a deeply corrupted one ? 
  and what has eta to do with it ? 
  are you implying all basques terrorists and tacitly condone murder ? 
  by the coast . 
  so , an ethnic minority comes into a country , never fully integrating its dominant culture , begin occupying it and a few decades or centuries later , they claim it as their own . 
  i can see nothing alarming about it by todays european standards . 
  maybe we can even see some portuguese republics claiming luxembourg , switzerland or parts of london or even paris . 
  i only want whats lawfully , culturally , morally and historically mine . 
  and if galiza 's people wish for self-determination , then i 'd respect that too . 
  could n't agree more . 
  if only the spaniards had such preocupations towards ceuta and [ olivenza ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olivenza ) . 
  such gross double standards wo n't allow anyone to take them seriously . 
  the argentinian junta followed a similar tactic . 
  specifically to divert attention from economic woes , corruption and general population feeling of dissent . 
  rajoy is under a very hot spotlight . 
  the only thing keeping him in power is the fact that the whole government , central administration and court system is corrupt to the core . 
  is it me or are the former eastern bloc countries getting drunk with religion ? 
  all those years of repressed religion ... 
  this is not going to end well .
