  much of that corruption is perpetrated by western corporations with their government support . 
  i 've heard many times . 
  i 've overheard it even more . 
  hell , even in movies the portuguese are considered as undereducated dumb idiots . 
  you 're just acting the stereotype . 
  usually , dumb people do n't realize it . 
  i 've heard the most vile racially offensive description of portuguese people , by germans and swiss of course . 
   i want germany to stop using smaller countries and people as cannon fodder for their own economico-imperialistic ambitions . 
  germany should officially pick the russian side , instead of bullshiting people into believing it has any sort of spine . 
  it should leave the eu or allow the eu to disband . 
  stop making life and death decisions with entire countries based on it 's sole economic interests . 
  maybe you ca n't read . 
  i sure avoid reading your other bs around here . 
  i want germany to stop using smaller countries and people as cannon fodder for their own economico-imperialistic ambitions . 
  in fact , i want germany to disappear into smaller states . 
  germany is far to big to coexist `` peacefully '' within a non-united europe . 
  i do n't mean that in a belligerent way as we 've been there a few times . 
  this time i mean its sphere of influence . 
  germany holds too much power and cares only about itself . 
  and then there is this pervading notion that germany is a magnanimous state , where everything is wonderful and everyone is responsible unlike everyone else in europe , particularly the south who they treat as trash . 
  as if germany should have the moral high-ground because they pay everyone else 's bills , which is not true !!, 
  oh and they 're eco-friendly/aiming for a sustainable future/have a peaceful culture/poster boys for perfection . 
  this is bullshit stereotype in the making . 
  this is not in any way true !, 
  it 's a gross distortion . 
  i have no idea why it 's spreading but it 's sinister and suspicious . 
  it 's disturbing to have a single person - merkel - dictating eu foreign policy . 
  it goes against everything the eu was supposed to be . 
  this is not democratic and certainly not a union . 
  it hurts to read this . 
  it 's like watching a cousin haplessly committing suicide in front of you . 
  apparently , if a muslim fighter is killed by a female he does not get his 72 virgins . 
  muslim insurgencies and jihadism is a bit like playing board games . 
  the arrogance of this woman is unbelievable . 
  ah the german syndrome . 
  so nice of you to unwool yourself . 
  the uk is , like the us , too big to fail for some time now . 
  if they fold on the many trillions of external debt or relinquish their place in the financial center along with wall street , then the world as we know it ends . 
  the economic paradigm becomes a fickly far too unreliable system for development . 
  and with this change everything else changes !, 
  and only totalitarian systems can keep the `` spice '' flowing . 
  the measure is n't bad . 
  it 's actually a measure that would greatly benefit the middle class and get the economy jump started in no time . 
  look at the us up until reaganomics . 
  the problem is globalization and the fiscal cannibalistic practices by other countries , off-shores , tax havens and whatnot . 
  did you know all of portuguese stock market indexed companies are based in the netherlands ? 
  did you know that the biggest companies pay little to no tax on profits ? 
  they abuse eu legislation . 
  it 's not chance that apple , microsoft or google are based in ireland and everything across the eu is forwarded ( leases , taxing , etc. ), 
  to their head quarters , effectively depriving governments of much needed revenue . 
  irc in ireland is obscenely low . 
  and why does n't it change ? 
  because corruption . 
  aggressive lobbying and a complacent bunch of idiots ( some 500 or more million with me included ) keep apathetic about it . 
  some countries ( cough cough up north . . ) would have just banned having a bad economy while happily congratulating each other . 
  apparently the portuguese stereotype is that we 're all dumb as door knobs . 
  such untrue and anachronistic stereotyping . 
  to germany !, 
  it 's incredibly stupid of governments in giving these mansions and high incomes to foreigners . 
  it just adds to resentment society feels towards them . 
  this can only further alienate them . 
  add to the mix a culture of rabid extremism and opposing moral matrix and you get this . 
  i got a really bad start in my adult life . 
  at the same time i saw gypsies - who i had violent issues with my entire life - getting handouts , lands , houses , small monthly fortunes while practicing crime , while i was given nothing and living in my car . 
  the reason was i was n't a minority . 
  i had yet to achieve 2 years of employment to have an accepted irs . 
  governments fail miserably because they care more about looking good and humanitarian , almost magnanimous . 
  particularly to brussels and other eu institutions . 
  i hate our governments with a passion . 
  politicians are the most vile , reckless and share a morally bankrupt culture . 
  the eu culture , multikulti pc crap , while noble and idealistic , is utter shite and responsible for this wave of right winged nutters going around . 
  i blame the shocking rise in well decorated office spaces , stores and caf\u00e9s on the homosexuals . 
  how the hell am i suppose to choose now ? 
  me and everyone here have to admit serbs as a vilified people in europe . 
  they sure are hated with a passion and are often linked to the triggering of brutal outcomes . 
  i do admire serbs and their history . 
  they may be ill-connected to world events , but they 're also decisive in many others . 
  for a time being guardians to the gates of europe . 
  how they keep on existing is an almost unbelievable tale , given the cyclic tugs of war and their particular geography . 
  obviously one ca n't generalize an entire population on the acts of a few , but given the serbs history , one could at least extend the same understanding that is given to israel for example or muslims in general . 
  in portugal we say `` voc\u00eas '' or `` v\u00f3s '' , which means you in the plural ( 2 ^ nd person ) . 
  but to add something more to this thread , when informally addressing people , given we do n't vary that much formally , we often say linguistic mannerisms such as `` a gente '' which means the folks or `` malta '' which is guys or `` pessoal '' which means bunch of people . 
  forever known as a russian stint , given the many times they pulled it off . 
  the criteria seems as arbitrary as eurovisions . 
  kampf ... in german . 
  jihad is a fundamental part of islam . 
  read the koran . 
  i 've met loads of russians . 
  i even worked with a few . 
  i ca n't say a bad thing about any of them . 
  all pretty normal to me . 
  i do n't mind russians or ukrainians coming here . 
  i very much enjoyed being around them . 
  governments change . 
  and in time you 'll integrate flawlessly in the eu . 
  we 've all been there . 
  the ecb is probably the most corrupt institution in europe . 
  i mean this in terms of scale of the sums involved . 
  clearly the ecb is there to safeguard certain high level banking institutions and obey a few countries with xenophobic economic agendas , namely germany . 
  either remove germany from the eu or disband the eu .
