  big fat corporations and a globalized banking sector that 's making a killing over the stupidity of eu citizens and by owning the media , the majority of politicians and with it the entire legislative process . 
  even the institutions created to protect the eu are failing miserably , corrupted by greedy bastards . 
  it 's a fucking circus . 
  a good metaphor for the current greek political system . 
  it 's not 7 % , i know that , but it will be !, 
  and why 7 % ? 
  because it is the mathematical and psychological limit most eu finance ministers agree for asking a full bailout package . 
  markets outside the eu are gorging on eu debt , namely countries , banks and other entities . 
  eu banks are also gorging on eu debt , while they are too big to fail ( getting 0.5 % rates and buying eu countries at 7 % or 20 % like greece ) . 
  meanwhile eu citizens are drowning in eu debt and austerity . 
  eu citizens continue to vote for parties that are owned by such financial interests , yet we expect this to change ... how ? 
  the whole political system is gamed and the legislative process is owned . 
  the media do nothing but misinform and play us against each other . 
  no party ever keeps its promises or reveals its true intentions . 
  they lie . 
  weak and corrupt , taking care of themselves , applying short term palliatives and screwing us out of a future . 
  i suspect i may have some fans in r/europe . 
  my point exactly . 
  but as always ... downvotes . 
  and the markets are loving it !, 
  it 's always good to buy up bonds at 7 % interests . 
  oh selfish you, 
  give it some time . 
  but what are those reasons for killing ? 
  are they in a direct form of indoctrination ? 
  i certainly do n't see anyone condoning or allowing the practice of beating/murdering for honor . 
  with islam , that is what happens . 
  we turn a blind eye for the many many abhorrent practices . 
  same goes for other religions . 
  religion gets a lot of slack and children should be sheltered from this shit . 
  yeah , i always beat up my kids when they do n't memorize dawkins `` god delusion '' . 
  atheists of the world . 
  rise !, 
  it is an established militia inside the fsa . 
  it is also the dominant force in every arab uprising country , always underestimated and always political overwhelming in the end . 
  you can choose to keep telling yourself otherwise but corporate media and diplomatically tied governments never ever tell the truth . 
  i do n't think there 's anything we can to stop a `` ummah '' like cohalition from coming to be . 
  whoever wishes for this sure has deep pockets and is playing with fire . 
  assad is a complete jerk but supporting this muslim brotherhood is going to blow up in all our faces . 
  joining the eu has clearly been beneficial to portugal these past 25 years . 
  you sir , are an asshole . 
  have an upvote so everyone can admire your infinite stupidity . 
  yeah but they kinda worked or are still working on those issues , do n't you think ? 
  they are n't refusing change or integration within a modern society with an improved legal system based on sophisticated moral values and social liberties . 
  totally read `` norway to raise an army of trolls '' . 
  it even made sense in my head !, 
  ah , gets you downvoted as well . 
  got ta love this subreddit, 
  it 's impossible for everyone to pay their debts . 
  imagine one central bank exists which has issued 100 $ for first time . 
  loans them to a bank at 1 % which in turn loans to you at 10 % . 
  if you were to pay it all , you could n't as there is only 100 euros circulating and 111 $ would be need . 
  fiat money policy is a glorified ponzi scheme . 
  debt is to be managed and treated as an incentive to grow economies . 
  it is also the most effective economic tool to allow civilizational growth . 
  much better than gold standard . 
  only downside is that every so often it has to crash and burn !, 
  oh and that it drives to a near exhaustion of resources . 
  although it also halts it when scarcity looms . 
  anyway , these are the not-so-talked-about cycle in economics and has been masked by wars . 
  there are growth , recession , and collapse cycles . 
  no politician dares touch it , although there are secret plans , particularly by the military high ranks . 
  the eurovision contest is like the un council ... with songs !, 
  when and if the eu becomes a true federate state . 
  would n't be advantageous right now as we would loose a seat as we hold two ( france and the uk ) . 
  whoever uses the foulest language wins !, 
  no , seriously . 
  spain 's army commanders would force you into submission . 
  do you think you 'd just be left alone ? 
  so , have you began prepping for the coming independence war ? 
  it 's true , i have a plan as well ... 
  mine involves truck loads of mentos and coke . 
  parents carrying small children got beat up . 
  so were old and middle aged women rightfully and peacefully protesting for living in extreme poverty after years of unemployment . 
  you 're not worthy of your country 's flag . 
  but i 'm not making a character judgement . 
  just stating that this guy knows his warfare . 
  as usual , this gets me nothing but downvotes . 
  you know there are documented reports of police stirring up conflict in all these protests . 
  some were even among the only ones being violent . 
  also , did you know that despite the economic crisis and full blown austerity on the people , security forces will receive a 10 % increase in funding/pay ? 
  only a dozen or so young men were throwing stuff . 
  do you think the children or the old women were throwing cocktail molotovs ? 
  are you serious ? 
  unbelievable is how the police makes no distinction between the handful of thugs and those peacefully and legitimately protesting . 
  even more unbelievable is the indiscriminate and violent charge on old men , women and children . 
  verdicts and war crimes aside , this ante gotovina fella is one [ bad ass ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ante_gotovina ) . 
  no wonder he is loved . 
  he is practically what saved croatia from being obliterated . 
  yes angry and out of options . 
  portugal ca n't voice itself internationally . 
  the government is weak and corrupt , serving their political interests . 
  most of the people ( over 60 % ) do n't even vote anymore . 
  they do n't believe in our democracy because the legislative and judicial process is owned by big capital . 
  nothing left to do but put trust in the eu ... oh wait , the eu and most other nations want to fuck us over as well ? 
  push germany to the edge ? 
  are you serious ? 
  who 's really on the edge here ? 
  where do you live ? 
  certainly not portugal or you 're just trolling .
