  besides , the problem is not just technological , pollution , global warming and resource limitations . 
  the problem is humans . 
  there are too many of us , making unreasonable demands from the planet . 
  not to mention the greedy few that hoard the majority of wealth and resources . 
  to quote bill paxton : `` game over man , game over '', 
  so , you do n't agree . 
  what 's your view then ? 
  do you see the current eu as sustainable . 
  or even the growth and consumption rates in the whole planet ? 
  because i see a perfect storm brewing and the future as one big meat grinder . 
  but would n't that create asymmetry and therefore defeating the principle of fiscal solidarity ? 
  i do see a valid argument if you compared yourselves to madrid . 
  bu i have n't heard those arguments . 
  and they can be resolved without independence movements i share the same anger towards lisbon . 
  they get all the funding and centralize everything except poverty . 
  do i want to seced ? 
  do i want greater autonomy and negotiation power with lisbon ? 
  yes !, 
  and regionalization addresses this . 
  the notion that everyone wants to receive more than what they give is ridiculous . 
  and when applied to regions in countries it completely defies fiscal solidarity principles and even reason . 
  i 'm all for catalunya 's independence , if they choose it , but by more solid and defensible reasons like different culture , language , history , desire for sovereignty or not identifying with the rest of spain . 
  degrees of corruption . 
  often the biggest corrupt officials hide politically behind pro-community decisions . 
  call it catharsis or even calculism , but it happens . 
  and because politics is usually reduced to a black and white analysus , corruption can be ignored !, 
  especially if the right decisions overshadow the wrong ones . 
  humans and their complexity ... 
  i believe things will forcibly change in europe . 
  there is very little room left for good decisions that could ever outweigh the bad ones that could keep the crooked system going . 
  as the vices created by the old eu are left unfed , chaos sets in . 
  but this only mirrors the anger of the once privileged elites . 
  their swansong . 
  we 've lived centuries ahead of the rest of the world and have used up our colonial legacy . 
  the rest of the planet is now obviously trying to catch up . 
  but they will fail , off course , as there is n't enough for everyone in our depleted and finite world . 
  we 'll also fail in maintaining our current unsustainable way of life . 
  we could be facing decades of strife and confrontation . 
  this chart should be couple with the countries gdp/purchasing power/medium incomes . 
  portugal is clearly the country where energy prices impact the most . 
  just so you know , we have a semi private monopoly that raises energy costs 5 or 6 % a year , despite the crisis . 
  the company is name edp and they do n't ease the impact of the crisis . 
  hell , they do n't even suffer any of the crisis . 
  it 's ceo , mr. mexia , gets handed yearly ( by the shareholders ) millions of euros in bonuses for being such a good manager and safeguarding their stock investments , when all he ever does is raise prices , often arbitrarily . 
  and he bullies our governments into submission , maintaining privileges and even making secretaries of state leave in disgrace . 
  he 's trying that with the current minister of the economy . 
  he 'll succeed . 
  how can he keep on doing it ? 
  simple . 
  the whole show is rigged and he 's in bed with the banksters . 
  but he 's been lucky so far . 
  we do n't have a history of violence and despairingly taking things in our own hands ... yet . 
  i hate to say it but these guys are asking for it . 
  they 're going to meet their demise soon if they do n't clean their act . 
  they put zero effort into integration and all they do is piss off people . 
  i notice the gross generalization being made here , and it 's intentional . 
  it 's a sign that things are really bad and the feelings towards them are becoming universal !, 
  which in the age of education is saying a lot . 
  with the rise of far-right in governments and the hardening of the crisis , they 're going to get goulag 'd . 
  i wo n't shed no tears for them . 
  why on earth would this be even proposed let alone put in effect ? 
  does this seem like a good idea ? 
  the whole thing reeks of lobbyists pocketing the legislators . 
  france should repair the maginot line . 
  anything other than that is pointless . 
  people are not so much in control as one would expect in a democracy . 
  besides , most people do n't actually want that responsibility or control . 
  and be prepared to give up much much more . 
  insider tip : do n't join . 
  did n't really thought much about it back then as i was only 20 years old . 
  but in hindsight , it looked a lot like being offered heroine by a suspiciously friendly drug dealer . 
  exit euro !, 
  now !, 
  no one can ever hope to top this story . 
  by his logic , the currency itself can never have problems !, 
  because the problem is always political . 
  thank you for such insight , captain obvious . 
  why it was n't already in place baffles the common citizen ... just so you know , this only happened because previous governments that were seeking reelection wanted the public employee vote . 
  this man insists in not reforming the state . 
  insists on not renegotiating ruinous contracts , tax breaks and subsidies to big companies , and close the many pointless entities/state companies . 
  still , he chooses to place the weight of paying the crisis on the people , particularly the young . 
  raising taxes and cutting blindly in education and health . 
  one thing is his total submission to germany . 
  another is his weakness before the big interests draining our already gangrened economy !, 
  he fails in protecting our country 's best interests !, 
  lets the big ceos and bankers dictate our economic policies . 
  he 's a spineless political coward and an opportunist . 
  he brought down the previous government in a complete thirst for power trip , pledging left and right not to raise choking taxes and reform the country . 
  what a disappointment . 
  what a liar . 
  what a con man . 
  at best he is an amateur that could n't run a crack house , let alone a country . 
  he only excels at ruining jobs and telling people to go fuck themselves and leave their country . 
  surely he 'll be written in history as the most incompetent prime-minister and probably our last as a sovereign nation . 
  exit the eu !, 
  now !, 
  screw this false union . 
  now !, 
  everybody 's itching to take down syria . 
  such poor memory ... this islamic brotherhood movement will make al-qaeda look like a bunch of third graders .
