  it 's a recipe for disaster , either economically , politically and socially . 
  the eu can only go ahead if a massive overhaul takes place . 
  there is too much lobbying taking place . 
  meetings with private and corporate interests take up a worrying amount of time from the eu . 
  more time is spent in this than with caring for eu citizens . 
  the euro was a bad idea for the taxpayer and a great idea for the wealthy , the oligarchs , the fund managers , the wall street sharks ... 
  if one day an ai decides to comb the data and investigate the real reasons behind this crisis , it wo n't find lazy southerns as cause , but corrupt eu leaders discretely filling their pockets and selling out . 
  a eu army force in the likes of a nato force would be desirable . 
  assembling when needed . 
  the eu definition is spot on . 
  despite him not going to have it is way . 
  but they 're right about one thing . 
  people are stupid and there were deluges of comments saying `` hold on , these are crimean farmers fielding these weapons and other heavy gear !, 
  let 's not jump the gun on russia '' . 
  these peoples opinions spread like wildfire ... these people vote ... 
  suppose a terrorist cell sabotages a nuclear plant causing thousands of deaths and the tanking of the worlds economy . 
  what then ? 
  who gets destroyed by a nuke ? 
  they all look so well fed and energetic . 
  and here i 'm giving up on meals and looking kinda corpse like ... to pay for some 25 % living costs increases and the maximum vat children 's food ms merkel imposed . 
  but we should allowed them in so they can all go to germany and sweden and other utopias . 
  it will be beautiful when puppies and rainbows run out and things descend into bestiality in those arrogant self-righteous countries . 
  meanwhile the rest of us die peacefully in our sleeps from starvation . 
  hardly ... and welcome to the 21 ^ st century - paranoia and disinformation . 
  all for plausible deniability . 
  just look at the russian mo. 
  uniforms , military gear , armored vehicles and of course no insignias and balaclavas . 
  and some people here actually thought those were local militias who either had choppers and heavy in their garages or they had raided the russian base . 
  successful deceit . 
  banking on fear and the desire to avoid conflict at all costs . 
  a simple act of sabotage or a mere missile strike in those plants would effectively become like a nuclear strike . 
  at the very least a dirty bomb with huge range . 
  and winds usually blows west ... 
  this is more than deserved by the eu and the us . 
  remember the whole kosovo situation and how russia reacted ? 
  at least now russia is applying nato standards and there are ethnic russians to legitimizing it too , not to mention historical grounds for their claim . 
  karma is a bitch and we deserve this . 
  it 's a shame ukrainians will be paying for europe 's follies and double standards . 
  know that i 'm against this invasion but i was also against setting up the kosovo mafia state . 
  serbia is probably laughing and saying i told you so 's . 
  we either allow a dangerous precedent or intervene . 
  either way , ukraine looses for the coming decades . 
  in a nuclear age , that 's all irrelevant . 
  we can be sitting in a cave two years from now , enjoying our stone age nuclear winter apocalypse and cry about these posts . 
  short memory ? 
  i believe future wars will be multi faction in reality . 
  game-wise it allows a far more interesting dynamic and unpredictable . 
  with temporary alliances , backstabbing , the difficult balancing of power and choice of timings . 
  i also believe fundamental islam to be the greater threat in reality . 
  they 're like the mr smiths taking over this matrix . 
  no , but if their people want to secede and setup an independent state or even join sweden , why should n't sweden help them ? 
  we ca n't have double standards . 
  this is what we deserve after the kosovo deal . 
  it just shows the levels of hypocrisy flows and double standards . 
  i wish it would happen in a calm and democratic fashion , but it likely wo n't . 
  not after what happened , and not while ukraine is so economically fragile and at the mercy of foreign destabilizing interests . 
  i 'll be surprised if this does n't end up with russia absorving crimea . 
  this is classic baiting by the russians ( and understandable to an extent ... it 's their people after all ) . 
  as long as there is russian majority backed irredentism , ukraine does n't stand a chance of getting crimea back . 
  and it 's damned if it acts and damned if it does n't . 
  for starters , its closer . 
  has land and resources . 
  has historical similarities and offers territorial continuity to europe . 
  i euphemisticaly agree their governments are tricky at best and have a crazy recent history , but russia is more european than some countries currently in talks to join the eu . 
  why alienate them ? 
  putin is n't going to live forever . 
  russia can change to fit western modern values more easily than turkey . 
  russia is dying demographically and is coveted by many asian giants . 
  when threatened , it can very well bring everything down with them . 
  does anyone want that ? 
  and abandon russia to despots and oligarchs ? 
  not a good idea . 
  and about the us , they 've calculisticaly turned towards the pacific , not europe . 
  its ok , friends anyway . 
  wow , talk about a stupid argument . 
  do you even economics ? 
  giving a bottle-addicted hobo a house wo n't cure his social problem , obviously , but why is this even brought up ? 
  so class warfare , so bottom right arguing ... raising taxes and regulating the housing market might make houses more affordable and make low income families less miserable . 
  might be better for children growing up . 
  less stress for everyone . 
  might help the young afford living beyond the crib or the peripheries/wilderness . 
  might just end the speculation in real estate , which has already ravaged many countries and still continues to do so . 
  property is tied to status and class , which is why nothing will change politically . 
  as someone who lived in a car during my early twenties while working full time , property prices and rent costs are absurd and criminal . 
  to the guy making this about homeless drug addicts vs middle class ... that 's so stupid it makes me sad . 
  you seem to be rationalizing your sense of guilt . 
  11 million homes should n't be offered to anyone , but they should be taxed for being vacant and for driving the housing costs for low income families and young people . 
  this is equivalent to gaming the markets by hoarding goods . 
  that 's usually a regulated affair . 
  hoarding wealth , resources and property is the basis of the social upheaval being experienced today and will likely cause the demise of modern society . 
  i suggest the temporarily embarrassed millionaires here to share the planet and be less greedy . 
  well , crimea is and always had been ethnically russian . 
  it was only bundled with ukraine for administrative reasons under the ussr . 
  it would be fine if they chose to return to russia . 
  hel , it 'd be democratic !, 
  russia is n't the monster most think . 
  i think russia would be a good ally to the eu . 
  more than the us . 
  certainly more than china , india or japan . 
  and geopolitically , russia will be knocking on our doors for help when china inevitably begins its assault on russian borders and lebensraum .
