  you 've not become an expert by merely scanning the text . 
  the word has it 's own meaning , as i already explained , as has the idiom of taking the novel as a manual . 
  1984 could just as well be a book about adventures of teletubbies and it would n't influence the meaning that is established by its common use and therefore stands on its own . 
   organizations have found means to control the use of money long before 1984 was written does n't negate the sentiment of the book . 
  scrip is inefficient , maybe orwell excluded it because was n't compatible in literary sense , maybe he simply did n't think of it because he did n't carefully reread the novel insuring that every word and every sentence was turned to 11 on the scale of how orwellian it sounded . 
  they had two way televisions , it 's not hard to imagine if they had computers checking transactions they would remove cash for the same reasons they had telescreens . 
   probably have n't read lol , i think the same of you . .  it means just what i choose it to mean describes you perfectly . 
  you ** \\ _ chose \\ _ ** the most narrow , directly grammatical meaning  smiled contemptuously and then chose to be wise about it . 
  incredible [ http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/orwellian] ( http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/orwellian ), 
   you can not claim it 's my opinion . 
   when cash is one of the things as i said it was written before advent of electronic money . 
  i meant it in broader sense and broader sense is one that is often meant when the word uttered . 
  that 's probably why you will find the word in dictionaries because it does n't have only the simple meaning of `` exactly things described in books written by that author and nothing more '' . 
   have you actually read the book ? 
  no , lol . 
   that is an odd statement to make . 
  yours as well . 
  removing cash in attempt to better control people is clearly orwellian . 
  if the book was written 20 years later it 'd probably be in it . 
  better also remove paper money . 
  1984 is n't a manual . 
  ffs . 
  [ again ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ut4gp/european_data_protection_supervisor_says/d5szu2q ) it comes down to freedom of speech and eu 's blatant disregard for it . 
  states should n't interfere with how people use software . 
  managed to trigger me twice in a day on the same issue , that 's new and congrats eu . 
  you do n't have to use facebook . 
  you ( or the eu ) can also write your own or modify existing browsers to achieve the same effect people want to arrive at with legislation . 
  it 's a matter of freedom of speech - people should be able to write their own software and invent their own protocols and states should n't post hoc interfere how these protocols are be used . 
  there is n't any rfc saying that cookies should n't be saved , it is implied that user has consented when he installed software , at most eu could push for warnings to be more prominently placed before software is installed , or as i said they could write their own competing http client . 
   i will be fine with a guantanamo style system where people who represents a credible threat are sent . 
   i realize that most people will find that undemocratic congrats , you have just logically imprisoned yourself . 
  do not pass go . 
  do not collect . 
  go directly to guantanamo . 
  `` wan na give back cyprus ? 
  well then . . '', 
  depends on what software did . 
  if it performed 1000 euro of function and the number is n't pulled out of their asses then usg would rather pay up than set the precedent for every pirate to point at and justify their own ip infringements and even worse have foreign governments retaliate by not respecting us ip in return ( which i suspect would hurt americans much more ) . 
  the article is behind paywall . 
   wish the video did n't talk about the french so much though . 
  cheeseburger fries ammo eagle buffalo fahrenheit ford colt moon . 
  does that help ? 
  booo . 
  dutch - giraffes of human world . 
  would be a great retaliation for dietary advice forwards from relatives . 
  ok i 'll carry on then . . wait a minute , found the erdogan . 
  i think the word `` tovarish '' has a turkish root , tovarishes were people who knew each other from carrying cargo ( `` tovar '' ) together . 
  that 's the extent of my knowledge on turkish language . 
  found the bonnie prince . 
  taking usual detour to wikipedia here 's interesting tidbit :  franz olah set up a new secret army codenamed \u00d6sterreichischer wander - , sport - und geselligkeitsverein ( owsgv , literally `` austrian hiking , sports and society club '' ) , with the cooperation of mi6 and the cia . 
  `` hey franz , it is ein wunderbar time to take a hike . 
  ... franz where did you get these kontaband landmines ?? '', 
  they were conniving in their lairs . 
  ( is the official answer ), 
  suppose it 's time the real coup proceeds . 
  this is madness . 
  shun the heretic . 
   sweet winter children the egregious part is that they probably do n't suffer in winters instead . 
  oh small island nations , how i envy you . 
  come over . 
   than some conspiracy . 
  but we are judging between two conspiracies and we know one did occur , just not which one . 
   swan lake i wonder if any tv/radio station in turkey played it . 
  it has that eerie feel , but maybe its too russian for turkish taste . 
  [ it 's very grown up . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7qzg3zokpw ), 
  are there any ironic sharia supporters ? 
  that seems like fun . . 
  in 6 months there will be another referendum with a question something like this :  when do we trigger article 50 :  a ) as soon as possible , within 3 months  b ) not before our demands are met , within 2-4 years  c ) change in circumstances is sufficient to remain or postpone invocation for another 10 years 53 % vote c ) and we all live together in eu happily ever after . 
  jorg haider , the previous leader of the party used to have a hobby of removing bilingual road signs in southern austria , something constitutional court ordered him not to . 
  thankfully [ no balkan country is in balkans anyway ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pynda5jhomm ) , so the plan is still a go . 
  i 'm probably not understanding things , but this seems kinda weird to me . 
  wahhabists were against ottoman caliphate but now that the caliphate is no more they are recruiting people to build one . 
  all i care for is that he 's not in the `` lets remove road signs '' party . 
  austria you crazy . 
  fight fight fight fight fight, 
  typical . 
  at least we wo n't mind the confusion this time . 
   how else would you do it ? 
  and i thought that was sarcasm . 
  are drywalls really that common , i thought people in poorer areas built houses out of this stuff . 
  there are probably window disassembly competitions . 
  this is my window . 
  there are many like it but this one is mine . . 
   light switches wait how do you turn lights on in germany then ? 
  they do n't pay their guys 100k salaries , equipment is still cheap ( at least for troll farm operations ) and it 's a 140 million people nation so money can be found . 
  yes more federal less bremsen . 
   it feels like its trying to become a federal government a la usa and turn countries into memberstates . 
  yea that would be great . 
  then we can also forget about member states because they are silly and arbitrary and archaic . 
  why 's australia in eurosong even ??!!?!, 
  you heathen . 
  god shall have his vengeance . 
  \\ #pineappleagnostic, 
  thankfully us wo n't stand for any of this , after a few years . 
   do i actually have to explain why blind hate is a bad thing ? 
  nice dodge . 
  no , but it would be nice if you could prove the part where you asserted that people are n't justified in hating russian government and that there are many of them . 
  hey do you need any help with stuff ? 
  just ask . 
  because you are asserting stuff that 's contestable at the least and because you are using speech patterns that seemingly blame nations for what a few leaders might have done .
