  like why would you even bring that up ? 
   not opinions , facts . 
  not facts , opinons . 
   i gathered that i 'd argue it 's better than being a prole accepting everything people feed you . 
   'd imagine his attack would sound something like `` crooked hillary '' or something to that effect well his opinions are n't backed by provable facts , otherwise everyone would accept his bullshit . 
  to spell it out . 
  the fact that you say she 's a liar does n't have anything to do with her being a liar either . 
  we are interested in perjury , i.e. 
  provable court established lies , not what your opinion or common opinions are on where and when she lied . 
  i do n't really follow every detail of american politics , but i 'd imagine if she perjured herself the ruling would be something trump would prepend in his every speech and it would be a know thing instead of it being only allegations of presidential candidate , something that is to be expected . 
  in yet another words , citation fucking needed . 
  and trump eats babies . 
  jermey corbyn should close down , his fans should give up , go home and go away . 
  france 's on the job . 
   but what can you do ? 
  i 'm still suffering . 
  get treatment ? 
  if i wore green pants , and you as a pole suffered from knowing there are people wearing green pants , should i be jailed for wearing green pants for three years even if no healthy person should suffer from awareness of people wearing green pants and you did n't suffer physical or monetary damage from me wearing green pants . 
  ffs, 
   the automatic equation of poland with catholicism , nationalism and antisemitism the equation was n't established in the german tv example , because you 'd think they , being german and drilled with this information in schooling , had at least two brain cells to know all camps were run by germans so what they wanted to express , but did so remarkably poorly , is that camps were those located in poland . 
  given that this one experience of his was faulty i question if his other experiences had any more validity . 
   all suffering is in the head of afflicted . 
  if you get triggered by arbitrary incidents that do n't affect you physically or monetarily and are n't targeted you at you personally maybe you belong in a hospital and not run a country . . how difficult is it to grasp a concept that you can suffer from internal problems that normal individuals should n't suffer from . 
   so we can call aushwitz as a jewish death camp ? 
  you can if you want . 
  it is n't the most accurate description . 
  if in alternate reality they separated people in camps by nationality then it would be an appropriate use . 
   do n't tell me what 's my problem , k mate ? 
  you are making your problem a problem for others mate . 
  if it was just a bunch of polish lunatics languishing by ambiguous use of grammar i could n't care less , but you are making ramifications for the rest of eu by gradually turning lack of respect for freedom of speech into normalcy which could at a later time lead to similar laws elsewhere . 
   how you can say that i do n't suffer ? 
  i meant that you are solely responsible for your suffering because the problem is in your head . 
   and i know that they can have different qualites , and one of them is posession . 
  you appear not to . 
   it should be fine it 's just an adjective . 
  it is . 
   and it 's my problem it 's fucking not your problem . 
  you do n't own the trademark of poland , you are n't suffering any injuries from it . 
  these laws are simply authoritarian masturbation and you should feel ashamed for supporting them . 
   and historian which is irrelevant . 
  if you wanted to speak from authority you 'd need to be a linguist or possibly a philosopher . 
   `` no reason '' to describe location . 
  maybe polish language works differently and you all have difficulty understanding that adjectives in english can describe different qualities which are discernible from their contexts . 
  when you say polish camps you mean that they were in poland not that they were run by poles . 
  ffs, 
   it 's incredibly insensitive . 
  you are insensitive towards ideals of free speech . 
  we should probably jail you for 3 years . . 
   making a political statement i would n't care if we did n't belong to the same multinational bloc with your politicians taking us in their joke . 
  i hope poles and french would stop their campaigns of shitting on free speech . 
  careful now . 
   many germans would pay to go outside a bit . . 
   as it is wrong it 's not wrong . 
  the adjective describes one property of the noun , nowhere is it written that in this particular case the adjective has to be country of organizers and not the location of these camps . 
  it 's grammatically and semantically correct , it 's perhaps misleading , but only to idiots . 
  i do n't know . 
  they could have a valid reasons or they do n't , it would n't make a difference . 
  it 's not my or your problem to be bothered about . 
  and you are aggravating your remarks so we should upgrade it to 6 years . 
   but srsly anyone would call japenese camps in china a `` chinese camp '' ? 
  it would n't be wrong . 
  it 's an adjective , it describes one property of noun . 
  anyone who mistakenly believes the adjective describes the nationality of organizers and not the location of said camps has only themselves to blame for the mistake . 
  come to think of it , as you seem to disagree with me , mildly offensively so , and i feel demonstrative and a bit fascist today i think you deserve 3 years in klink for it . . 
   have people been running around confused considering they brought this bill then maybe ? 
  get a grip poland . 
   micro $ hits and its juvenile antics top kek, 
  if you let us share him . 
  lucky bride to catch such distinguished ~ ~ kgb ~ ~ udba official . 
   luke coffey ( born 1979 ) is an ** american ** political adviser and us army veteran . 
  coffey formerly worked as a special adviser to liam fox , the ex-secretary of state for defence in the united kingdom . 
  he is currently a margaret thatcher fellow at the heritage foundation , an american conservative think tank . 
  found the imperialist, 
   he was making a joke you made joke comrade . 
  haha . 
  we are all bolsheviks around here . 
  he did n't say he was wrong because of those other things . 
  ad hominem is a logical fallacy , not just words you throw around when you feel argumentative . 
  send everyone to guantanamo . 
  everyone . 
  jolla looks great . 
  if they made pure open phone , basically what ibm pc did for computers , they could receive huge amounts of free advertising from foss organisations . 
  booo, 
   namecalling did that while calling hillary crazy . 
  amazing . 
  would think your are a trumpvoter if i did n't see your flag . . 
  i 'd suspect it 's because we are a tiny country and feel like the world has forgotten about us , so any time there 's any bit of pomp and circumstance we go nuts . 
  would be similar situation if dalai lama visited us . 
  putin maybe gets more recognition though because he 's a nuke wielding psychopath ( so for the time being we should probably maintain a low density of gavrilos in our territory ) and because he have n't had a chance to slight us , probably because we are a tiny tiny minuscule country . . 
   trump is a manchurian candidate for putin . 
  not for putin . 
  melanie is our deep cover agent , she planted communist mind control chip in his brains when he slept . 
  that also explains his apparent speech impairment . 
  when he becomes potus we will switch the chip to full power and bring back worldwide yugoslavia . 
  remove hamburger , install \u0107evapi !, 
  you better start learning serbo-croatian my friend . 
  went on a car trip today , literally every 15 minutes radio station would bring up putin . 
  tldr : heavenly father is visiting us tomorrow . 
  local media will probably melt itself . 
   based , it appears , purely on second-hand information about the text to which you are appealing .
