[ things make so much more sense now . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uozqaumisvi ), 
  dishearteningly it 's not a tractor company ? 
  that and we just are n't a good state , so we ca n't be a good nation state if we are n't a good state to begin with . 
  hue . 
  [ good night . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kvroqgetwe ), 
  a : it 's not . 
  it 's a problem that would be better solved in code rather than in legislation . 
  europe should treat code like americans do , as a form of free speech , they should n't legislate over http - if they do n't like something about http protocol they should either invent their own protocol or their own client/browser . 
  duly noted . . 
   fuming rage choke coffee fellow dutchmen go put some mayonnaise on some fries , why do n't you, 
  falkland islands . 
  the argentinians would stop caring about the islands and if they do invade again it would n't be the worst thing . 
  cultural backgrounds of different people are n't similar simply because you wish them to be . 
  or not . 
  the government should patch holes in roads and not much more . 
  we do n't owe them anything , they are just administrators of public property and arbiters in disputes . 
  you could argue that real refugees would n't risk deportation by committing serious enough crimes . 
  then when attacks like these happen just take their status and deport them . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 'll quickly get the memo . 
  think of the children . 
  they might learn english . 
  the horror !, 
   i could see an argument for at least having one 's own productions and language promoted in state media . 
  what about people voting with their wallets instead of invoking some grand conspiracies from hollywood from which the state has to valiantly defend us . 
  artists should support themselves instead of sucking taxpayer 's money , like everybody else . 
  do bears congregate there ? 
  maybe that 's why it appears so robust . 
  difference is that hillary knows how to behave and trump is a medical miracle . 
  one of us . 
  [ and they worked well enough in stalingrad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jjvf3sjok8 ), 
   political not everything is political . 
  wtf, 
  just do n't let tony abbott go on any trips to munich and things will probably be fine . 
  france, 
  a simple case of folie temporaire , they were led astray by the english , nothing that is n't forgiven, 
   judging by your other comments downvote train arived choo choo . . 
  not when it 's raining , at night and in area you are n't entirely familiar with . 
  americans that happen to roam european roads are less likely to be trumpvoters . 
  hicks do n't travel . 
  she probably did n't want to only factually express her feeling without the implication that her feelings are justified . 
  federation of eu sans you would surely appeal to everyone though . 
  has he sworn allegiance to the movement which he at a later time broke ? 
  found the heathen, 
  agreed , but i ca n't figure out why it sounds weird . 
  i know it is n't for the reasons stated in the article . 
  cheklandia it is . 
  they should n't attack in the winter and they 'll be fine . 
  mission success * ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta \u266a \u266a \u266a \u266a \u266a < anthem plays  * * < fireworks start  *, 
  nobody is disputing that . . 
  someone call unprofor . . 
  changelevel de_madiq, 
  are there any good ones ? 
  should be fun watching historical movie from the perspective of `` the other side '' . 
  you can only be proud of what you achieved and not what dna you were given at birth because you had no choice in it . 
   is a stupider foundation for nationalism it is . 
  in the former you are proud of things that you are just born into and in the other you are appreciative of the system if you deem it just . 
  these are two entirely different kinds of nationalisms . 
   `` we are the best nation , we are the best system , and we are special for mankind 's fate '' that 's a hick version of it . 
   why do you care about groups of people thinking along having theoretical geopolitical borders between them ? 
  because i have n't agreed to them and they are imposed on me . 
  fuck that . 
  you can only be proud of what you achieved and not what dna you were given at birth because you had no choice in it . 
  fuck yugo commies . 
  that 's why i think it was a fucking great idea to split off . 
  but i 'd be equally fine if we and croats split into the same country . 
   partly thanks to nationalism ? 
  there is any number of things that are intrinsically bad but can be good in specific situations . 
  smoke is usually bad , you can die of smoke inhalation , smoke also implies fire . 
  smoke can also get bees away so you can get to honey . 
  how the fuck can that be ??? 
  how can things not be black and white ??!!?!! 111 . 
  i suppose nationalism is one of those not black and white things but it still does n't make any fucking sense to be proud of something as retardedly arbitrary as the territory in which you happened to have fallen off of a womb which is what nationalism is all about or to fucking have laws based on genetic makeup of people in certain territories . 
  fuck that bullshit . 
  this conversation ends here . 
   i am talking about splitting from russian empire if russian empire was meanies overall then splitting was fine , if not then no . 
   so you would be fine having parallel societies consisting of people which you would n't be able to understand ? 
  i do n't think that it 's so intrinsically bad that you 'd have split countries for it . 
  then there is some parallelism in countries that speak the same language so should we split them until we have a million monaco sized countries if parallelism is really that bad ? 
  glad we agree . 
   edit : to elaborate , if you were nationalistic in european sense ( and not in distinctly british sense ) you 'd still be in uk . 
  yes , everything we stand for is `` modern '' and everything we do n't like is `` conservative '' . . 
  us is exceptional in that although a bunch of wasps invented it it 's not a wasp country . 
  europe , with a few exceptions like switzerland , belgium or uk is different . 
  you got france for french , germany for germans and slovenia for slovenes so it 's not the same nationalism . 
  when americans are cheering for us it 's because they think the people or the system they have is great , not because of stupid reasons like speaking the same language . 
  if you were nationalistic in european sense you 'd still be singing `` god save the queen '' . 
  says a brit that went on a trip and decided to become a different nationality . 
  typical . 
  finland got independence a long time ago . 
  if you are talking about winter war then absolutely no , if you are talking about splitting from sweden then i do n't know enough history to make a judgement . 
  if nationalism brought some tangible benefits then the results are fine , but nationalism is intrinsically bad . 
  i 'm better off not living in the paradise of yugoslavia , but it seems selfish to have a country reserved just for people that speak slovene . 
  it 's stupid . 
  or just the word ` si ' repeated 50 times . 
  my man wololo, 
  if only we patented it . 
   her husband perjured himself is she her husband ? 
  she is not .
