so the dutch are german and the german are without a nation . 
  [ there 's only one way to solve this . 
  tfw you lost the original sheet and could n't reproduce the previous numbers, 
  and with the color of the shirts our sports teams  orange  is orange  play in orange, 
  well that 's just wrong, 
  which one ? 
   governments must have the ability to change this treaty before its brought to vote . 
  what do you think they 've been doing for the past 3 years ? 
  wait was n't the us the country where kinder eggs and blue cheese are outlawed ? 
  it wo n't be kept secret once it 's complete , the notion that it would is pure fud . 
  right ?!, 
  downvoting someone for taking a stance against an act of terror , these people should be deeply ashamed of themselves . 
  it 's still on the frontpage and you already reposted, 
  international relationships are an internal matter . 
  good one . 
  get your facts straight , those were migrant workers , not refugees , and theo van gogh was not a politician . 
  we , europeans, 
  so we only care when it 's the big bad isis that 's killing them , got it . 
  oh , so it 's not such a big deal to let thousands of people die when it 's because of their own doing ? 
  at least 140 deaths at the sudan-ethiopian border in the past week , an ongoing drought is killing people in somalia , but sure , lets cover our ears and pretend all is fine . 
  are you even following the news from those countries ? 
  i suppose not, 
  does a child at that age even know the difference ? 
  that makes no sense at all, 
   does not contribute to the discussion \u2713, 
  i do n't think he stands a chance, 
  lets be real here , trump and clinton are winning the primaries . 
  you either vote for one of them , or cast a de facto blank vote by voting for a 3rd party . 
  not a good president , but the lesser of two evils, 
  you 're a bit of a broken record , are n't you ? 
  just like op 's post, 
  [ there 's nothing new about that . 
   make it clear that they will have to return to their home country once the war is over . 
  if they `` forgot '' where they came from well then they will have to stay in the camp indefinitely . 
  more likely , these people are going to end up as squatters with unregistered jobs in some shady part of the city . 
  to be honest , it 's a really shitty poem . 
  it would 've sounded better if it was written and recited by someone who does understand basic poetry . 
  currently , refugees sailing from turkey are being sent back to turkey . 
  well , refugees landing in greece are already being sent back to turkey , so why not ? 
  and isis is going to pay !, 
  how are you planning to enforce that ? 
  are you going to personally do a headcount every evening to see if nobody sneaked away , and organize manhunts when they do ? 
   should we label the immigration of mexicans to america as invaders ? 
  what about muslim immigration to russia ? 
  are they trying to create an autonomous state in the usa or russia ? 
  not a great comparison . 
  also , are you claiming that jewish aggression against british troops in 1947 never happened ? 
  besides , we 've been inviting people from muslim countries over to european countries because that would strengthen the european economy . 
  does that make it ok for them to seize a whole country ? 
  we invited them , after all . 
  jewish aggression was at the time mostly aimed at british troops , but of course arab coalitions were the aggressors during most wars : suddenly hundreds of thousands of jewish immigrants were invading their land , and claimed it was theirs on the basis of a book and ancient history . 
  if something like that happened nowadays in europe , we would go to war as well . 
  there 's a reason that the palestine war is called * the catastrophe * in arabic , and you could argue that they were just defending what was theirs . 
  apart from the fact that that 's the definition of bigotry ? 
  from a palestinian point of view , israel is the invader . 
  this is what oxford says about the word ` race ' :  a group of people sharing the same culture , history , language , etc. 
  ; an ethnic group, 
  i 'd be impressed if you could name one european party that would n't be considered left in the usa, 
  i know , the average redditor is not very good at common sense, 
  i do not need to provide proof for anything , i did n't draw any conclusion . 
  i do n't think today 's teens would 've been in school in 2001 , would they ? 
  you should be able to make jokes about anything . 
  that 's the beauty of our western civilization . 
  oh sure , i 'm the one with the lousy upbringing and his head up his ass , not the people who are pretending they never laughed about 9/11 jokes . 
  yes , making jokes and laughing about them is a clear sign of mental illness . 
   laughing and joking and laughing an joking about a terrorist attack immediately makes you a sympathizer ? 
  i can clearly remember laughing and joking about it with my dutch , christian friends at school . 
  and obviously palestine can be considered representative to the rest of the muslim world regarding their relations with the usa . 
  e : those who downvote me , how about you leave a reply and tell me why i 'm wrong ? 
  oh never mind , sorry , i did n't realize . 
  you ca n't , because i 'm not wrong . 
   this challenges the oft-touted notion that terrorists are bred out of social exclusion , racism and discrimination i.e. 
  failures of integration . 
  the fact that in this instance it was n't the case does not mean that it does n't happen . 
   it is unlikely she actually does no it 's not , most of the parliament will likely back her on this . 
  welcome to politics, 
  remember when she said she would have article 103 abolished ? 
  although to be fair , that was over a day ago . 
  what a worthless piece of crap of an article . 
  how does this even get upvoted ? 
  i have n't heard the word ` apenstaartje ' in at least 10 years . 
  we just say ` at ' nowadays . 
  i just prefer the entire truth over a half one , if that 's ok . 
  that 's comparing apples to oranges , those elections were n't influenced by a quorum . 
  currently 93 % of the votes are in . 
  not much is going to change . 
  it is ... 
  and really only the sp , pvv and pvdd voted against the treaty . 
  i do n't think that the referendum will change a thing about this . 
  how does resigning change anything about that ? 
  he turned out not to be a terrorist , so the media were disappointed and stopped caring, 
   it will be seen that , as used , the word ` fascism ' is almost entirely meaningless . 
  in conversation , of course , it is used even more wildly than in print . 
  i have heard it applied to farmers , shopkeepers , social credit , corporal punishment , fox-hunting , bull-fighting , the 1922 committee , the 1941 committee , kipling , gandhi , chiang kai-shek , homosexuality , priestley 's broadcasts , youth hostels , astrology , women , dogs and i do not know what else . 
  yet underneath all this mess there does lie a kind of buried meaning . 
  to begin with , it is clear that there are very great differences , some of them easy to point out and not easy to explain away , between the r\u00e9gimes called fascist and those called democratic . 
  secondly , if ` fascist ' means ` in sympathy with hitler ' , some of the accusations i have listed above are obviously very much more justified than others . 
  thirdly , even the people who recklessly fling the word ` fascist ' in every direction attach at any rate an emotional significance to it . 
  by ` fascism ' they mean , roughly speaking , something cruel , unscrupulous , arrogant , obscurantist , anti-liberal and anti-working-class . 
  except for the relatively small number of fascist sympathizers , almost any english person would accept ` bully ' as a synonym for ` fascist ' .
