  i 'm not sure what that 's got to do with mostly north african immigrants, 
  i did n't twist anything . 
  it 's what the guy above him meant with `` i hope i 'll never have my courage tested like that '', 
  you 'd love to see people get raped just so you can prove how courageous you are ? 
   so in schools gang rape is an occasional occurrence ? 
  ftfy and the answer is yes , sadly . 
  yes , in germany they have 30 % guns . 
  percentage would n't make sense in this context . 
  set a record in a completely unrelated field , and suddenly your opinion is reddit front page material . 
  if you do n't understand the difference between the ozone layer and the greenhouse effect then you should do some reading . 
  wikipedia would be a nice start . 
  yes , and 50 % voted for fn, 
  hating an entire group because of the crimes of a couple of hundreds of them is good ? 
  alright , lets go on holiday to syria then , must be fun !, 
  a minority misbehaved therefore we should punish the entire group , that sounds like a great plan . 
  that 's not enough to arrest someone . 
  are you just trolling , or is it really that difficult to grasp that it 's not possible to arrest someone when you do n't know who to arrest ? 
  the sad thing is that that 's pretty accurate, 
   there is no sign of an iff interrogator on the buk telar 's fire dome radar or elsewhere on the vehicle . 
  in normal operation , it would not be necessary since the target 's identity would be verified ( according to the prevailing rules of engagement ) before target data was passed to the telar . 
  this only works when the full buk system with command vehicle , launch vehicle and target aquisition radar is operational . 
  the launch vehicles , however , can also operate autonomously and do not have an iff system . 
  it 's likely that the mh17 was shot down by a standalone launcher , considering the circumstances ( i.e. 
  a launch system that was smuggled into ukraine ) . 
  sorry , i do n't speak russian . 
  care to translate ? 
  also , is this supposed to prove how much a buk operator can see ? 
  because in that image , it 's kinda obvious that he ca n't really see much at all . 
  [ here is a nice explanation on it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yi3zzs-sb5m ) . 
  note the image at 1:41 , a black screen with a few dots on it . 
  that 's all there is to see for a standalone buk . 
  sadly he ca n't, 
  a buk operator only sees a dot, 
  interesting that tesla is so popular in norway , it seems to me that especially in norway the low range compared to a gas tank is a big problem . 
  ignition of acoustic foam by fireworks . 
  just like the the station nightclub fire in 2003 , the republica cromagnon fire in 2004 , and the kiss nightclub fire in 2014 . 
  how much more often does that have to happen ? 
  if there are no car doors , then nobody gets doored, 
  the only thing that plates and continents have to do with eachother is that continents were once formed and move around because of plate tectonics . 
  unless you think that the east of russia and large parts of japan should be considered part of the american continent , there really is n't anything else that connects the two . 
  you mean replace cars with bicycles ? 
  source : am dutch , have license, 
  continents and plates have little to do with eachother, 
  and they stopped doing it for good reason . 
  not exactly . 
  by paying for green electricity you vote with your wallet . 
  suppliers need to be able to provide the green energy they promised to you , so the higher the demand , the higher the incentive for the supplier to invest in renewable sources . 
  buying green electricity does not lower the co2 footprint of your electricity usage , since the electricity still comes from the exact same network . 
  the only difference is where the money goes . 
  so you 're saying that the jewish people never left israel , and that all gypsies are living a nomadic life in india ? 
  you 're being sarcastic , right ? 
  better summary :  evidence lost in arson . 
  also , this article lacks content , but i do n't know what the fuck i 'm talking about , so here 's a bunch of scary words that get us some clicks : terrorist , nuclear , sabotage , hacked . 
  did that scare you yet ? 
  good !, 
  the bigger the scare , the more page views we get !, 
  as for your remark that `` it is difficult to believe that the attack is not related to terrorist cases '' : i find it difficult to believe that it was done by terrorists , considering that criminal organizations have much better reasons to want to cover up an investigation . 
  because diesel is cheaper, 
   ( quieter , less pollution , ... ) how so ? 
  electricified rails do not inherently cause any noise or pollution . 
  if anything , hydrogen would cause more pollution because of the relatively large losses in the electrolysis . 
  probably less expensive than building a hydrogen infrastructure . 
  further on in the article :  european nations are generally among those with the highest public acceptance rates of evolutionary theory -- with the notable exception of turkey, 
  i do n't know what that 's supposed to mean , the article does n't even mention a specific religion . 
  well i definitely heard of them . 
  as someone from the dutch bible belt , i grew up around these people , and they definitely do hold influence around here , although not as much as in the us . 
  for example , the biggest elementary school group in the city teaches creationism . 
  on a national level , we have two political parties , the sgp and the cu , who together have 8 seats in the house of representatives , and hold creationist beliefs and want these incorporated in the educational system ^ [ [ source ] ] ( http://www.nu.nl/algemeen/1962562/christenunie-wil-scheppingsverhaal-in-openbaar-onderwijs.html ) . 
  who is this author , and what rock has he been living under ? 
  there 's nothing new about creationism , it has been in europe for at least a few millenia , and it most certainly is n't an american movement . 
  if you want to send a mail via protonmail , you have to encrypt it using the receiver 's public key . 
  this public key is given to you by a server that 's managed by protonmail itself . 
  that 's all fine , unless the server is compromised . 
  in that case an attacker might send you a fake public key , that matches with his own private key . 
  he can receive the message , decrypt it , read it , encrypt it with the public key of the intended receiver , and send it to him . 
  that means that it 's only as secure as the protonmail servers themselves , just like any other mail service . 
  that might be true , but the key distribution is based on a central key authority and is vulnerable to mitm attacks . 
  protonmail uses an encryption architecture similar to what whatsapp does . 
  in effect it 's not much more secure than gmail . 
  because their citizens are involved . 
  i do n't see what purpose this serves apart from making some people very rich . 
  what they 're proposing ( a domain blacklist for malicious websites ) is already available in all major browsers , mail servers , search engines , etc. 
  unless you believe in an afterlife , which almost half of dutch people do . 
  oh wow is it ? 
  must be / r/worldnews i 'm thinking of . 
  either way , there 's way too much rt on reddit . 
  i think you should know that in china , saying the things you said in this thread in public would get you arrested for sedition . 
   immigration is my only concern . 
  count yourself lucky . 
  you 'll have a lot more to be concerned of under an authoritarian regime . 
  and still rt is one of reddit * 's favourite news sources . 
  edit : not / r/europe 's , apparently . 
   no , they are n't . 
  you 're right , they 're worse . 
  nice , a live example of what this news article is about . 
  it 's people like you that scare me the most about this terrorism situation . 
  abandoning all our western values and all our common sense in favor of mass panic is not the way to solve it . 
  for example , common sense tells us that an arson attack on a forensic lab is likely done to sabotage a criminal investigation . 
  panic tells us that it was terrorists . 
  usually other people do n't even want to talk to them , so i do n't really see a difference .
