you might be generalizing slightly to much ( the vast majority of males does n't throw hand grenades ) but it 's a fact that most reported crimes are committed by males . 
  where i live it 's exactly 75 % . 
  if you only count violent crimes the percentage is even higher . 
  irc the share women have is actually increasing , so emancipation is on the rise even in the criminal community , but differences still exist . 
  no question , their governments did deliver a straight series of fuck-ups . 
  but ireland and portugal ( i believe those are the countries you 're referring to ) were never as deeply indebted as greece , so the situation is n't entirely comparable . 
  i just do n't think it 's fair to let greece 's youth pay the price for their government 's mistakes . 
  so a `` carrot and stick '' approach might be better and kinder than solely relying on the stick . 
  especially with goods where most of the value in the information needed to create them ( e.g. 
  high-tech-products with high r&d costs but low resource costs ) manufacturers will still make a generate a contribution margin if prices go down drastically . 
  so selling their product at a low price might be more profitable than increasing the price but reducing sales . 
  together with long term contracts and insurances this cushions most of the fluctuations . 
  true . 
  but does n't mean that pure , merciless austerity is the best way either . 
  most of the reforms demanded by the eurogroup are reasonable - greece has an antiquated economy and infected with corruption on every level - but it would make sense to implement programs to combat mass unemployment and facilitate investments . 
  creating a `` lost generation '' can not be good in the long run . 
  yeah , the effects are similar over here . 
  i 'm pretty sure many german ceos started crying out of happiness when the euro went down last winter . 
  it 's basically an extra 10-20 % of profits on everything exported . 
  but it also means that imports get more expensive . 
  there were worries that greece would n't have been capable of importing medicines any more if it had left the euro . 
  so while having the option to devalue a currency can come in handy in many cases , it 's far from being an universal remedy . 
  not as much as one would think . 
  the swedish kronor is about where it was 10 years ago ( no idea why ) and the danish kronor is pegged to the euro ( with 2,25 % tolerance irc ) , so it 's currently not much more than euros with different pictures . 
  might be a different story if the euro crashes for real , though . 
  actually , you 're allowed to choose your own religion at the age of fourteen in germany . 
  at least that is the age from which you can refrain from attaining religious education in school and other things . 
  according to the bbc we were actually [ the most popular country on earth ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-22624104 ) . 
  not sure whether sch\u00e4uble has screwed that up yet . 
   that does n't mean they speak english to the point at which they can easily read ecj rulings true , but that raises the question whether they could in their native tongue . 
  i personally do n't consider law-german much easier than law-english . 
  i understand most of it but if had to understand details i 'd have to ask a lawyer . 
  and yes , esperanto would be fairer in terms of equal opportunities , but also require a lot more additional learning than english . 
  there are quite a lot of german companies using english as their official language and most people in europe know at least some ... 
  forgive me my ignorance if i 'm wrong , but was n't quebec perpetually on the brink of declaring its independence ? 
   plus , you 'd never get the french to agree to not speak french , let alone get them to speak english instead . 
  if it 's the only way i 'd be willing to settle for french . 
  that might mean that i 'd have to take courses for years , but hey , i almost understood the language once ... 
  that stuff is expensive . 
  it 's not only in the ep , but every single ecj ruling and every directive that has to be translated . 
  now in most cases that is probably necessary ( you ca n't really expect people to follow laws written in a language they do n't understand ) . 
  but in the end , if we really want to continue with european integration , the only way is to have everyone understand at least one common language . 
  that does n't mean that everyone needs to have the same first language , but if the population in every country in europe had the same proficiency in english that i 've encountered in scandinavia , having translators would be pointless . 
  so phasing out the excessive translations and slowly introducing a single working language might be the way to go . 
   hearing the right people might be the key that 's about what i would expect . 
  i do n't mind politicians not being knowledgeable about a subject , but i do mind if they ignore facts because it fits their personal narrative or plays better with similarly clueless voters . 
  merkel is ( she 's been ruling since 2005 ) , she actually has a phd in quantum mechanics . 
  and yes , from time to time our politicians ideas about technical issues are terrifying , but in the end it seems to be much more about ideology than about knowledge . 
  for example hans-christian str\u00f6bele who is now one of the most vocal critics of internet surveillance in our parliament , did admit in 2007 that he had been on the internet `` maybe once or twice '' . 
  so cameron saying that he wants to ban encryption might be either be ignorance ( which means that some counsellor will stop him from actually doing anything stupid ) or the deliberate intend to create a surveillance that would make orwell 's oceania look like a shining example of freedom and privacy . 
  i think the latter option is both more likely and frightening . 
  i does make sense that lawyers are a bit over represented in parliaments . 
  after all laws are more are more or less the only thing they produce . 
  additionally most technical issues regulated by laws are not that hard to understand especially since most politicians are n't supposed to solve technical problems but provide a framework in which solutions can be found . 
  so lawyer being counselled by technical experts is probably better suited for legislative work , than a technician . 
  that being said , there are quite a few examples of politicians showing a serious lack of understanding about technical issues . 
  so it would be great if more experts were involved , but i doubt increasing the number of scientists in government would help that much . 
  i 've been governed by a physicist for a decade and have n't really noticed any improvements . 
  yep . 
  there were far too many digital illiterates ( we call them internetausdrucker , i.e. 
  politicians who as their staff to print the internet for them ) involved in the issue . 
  seriously , the photos would have gotten published month after being taken and google allowed anyone to have their house deleted before anything was published . 
  and there was n't even a law against it ... 
  i 'm pretty sure i would be well within my rights to shoot down a low flying drone on my property ( provided i 've exhausted all more peaceful options ) and we have an anti-voyeur law which makes illegal to take photos of persons in their `` most highly personal sphere of life '' ( h\u00f6chstpers\u00f6nlicher lebensbereich ) , so taking pictures of your neighbour sunbathing might get you in trouble but photographing property is fine . 
  in the end google could have started street view , but a mixture of scared home owners , people distrusting google in general and fuck-ups on googles part ( some moron managed to configure the camera-vehicles to record all wifi data they could receive ) made them decide scrapping the entire project was the safer option . 
   which reveal much more do they ? 
  yes , they avoid more or less anything you could use to block the view inside your property , but i have yet to see an aerial picture where humans were more than an almost invisible blur . 
  well it 's not like it being the world 's most [ advanced ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_development_index#2014_report ) country worked as a deterrent ... 
  but yeah , cloudy 8 \u00b0 c do sound like paradise to me right now . 
  i 'm actually considering immigrating . 
  i read somewhere that the negotiations between greece and the euro group were a form of the chicken game - two vehicles speeding towards each other with the looser being the one who swerves first - but with greece sitting in a small car and the euro group in a truck . 
  i think this fits . 
  no matter how the grexit looks like , both sides will probably loose more than they gain , but greece has much more to loose . 
  while the situation is devastating already , leaving the euro would ( and already does ) endanger even basic services like healthcare . 
  crime rates are more or less not comparable between countries . 
  the differences on how many crimes are reported and how they are listed in the statistic etc. 
  are huge . 
  if you compare crimes that tend to have a low dark figure , you 'll get a different story . 
  at least homicides are about 10 times more common in [ lithuania than in sweden ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) . 
  bottom line is , that it is very hard so say whether the high number of reported rapes in sweden is because there are so many to report or because swedish victims ware more likely to go to the police than victims in other countries . 
  irc the definition of rape is also used rather broadly in sweden , i.e. 
  includes things that would ` only ' be sexual assault where i live . 
  if you 're male that might be [ illegal ] ( http://dejure.org/gesetze/stgb/183.html ) , you 'll hardly go to jail for it though . 
  no one is tolerating anything . 
  this is an article about a school taking preemptive ( and likely pointless ) measures before anything happened . 
  at least where i went to school they always had , it actually says ` increased ' implying that they had some before . 
  thank you . 
  the day these attacks stop being the actions of a few fanatics and marauding hordes of jihadists torch european cities is the day i 'll get ~ ~ my ~ ~ a pitchfork ( or something better ) but since there is no reason to expect anything like this to happen in the near or the far future , people should calm the fuck down . 
  seriously . 
   yes an rape is not a misunderstanding who said that ? 
  the term used is missverst\u00e4ndnis which directly translates to misunderstanding . 
  no sane person would dare to excuse any kind of assault . 
  but things like personal space ( i consider anyone getting within arm 's reach of me to be rude ) and how openly one can look ( stare ) at someone might very well be defined differently . 
  i am not sure what to make of . 
  this could be another sign for latent xenophobia in bavaria ( the csu has a certain reputation ) or a real problem with people not accepting our society 's rules . 
  is there any non-anecdotal evidence that refugees from muslim countries are significantly more likely to harass women ? 
  to be fair , it allegedly happened when she was flying over regions where they taped all kinds of communication . 
  while it is still suspicious that the records were n't immediately destroyed saying it was an accident is much more believable than if you get caught having a huge array of antennas on your embassy . 
  well , they do use soldiers to guard certain institutions from time to time ( after the attacks on charlie hebdo there were quite a few pictures of this ) , so i doubt it 's unconstitutional . 
  and you 're certainly right about germany , at least if they do n't declare `` notstand '' ( lit .
