  fuck that . 
  war !, 
  smart phones diluted the quality of internet, 
  he 's suggested something that is ultimately a false dilemma . 
  sounds like you have some troubles too . 
  excluding your last sentence - your comment makes you look like one of `` those '' . 
  maybe someone should hire them, 
  idiots ... 
  what a stupid thing to say ... 
  in the us it 's either florida man or a black male, 
   thats what the leftwing does . 
  ok - i 'm voting hitler then . 
  just kidding ... a bird needs * both * wings to fly - i guess , but i 'd rather cut off both wings as to participate in the historical reenactment spectacle called left vs right . 
  - it 's a game of imitation over generations - and at the core of many problems - and most of the players are mindlessly , yet dogmatically regurgitating propaganda , not dissimilar to religious litany . 
  kill this fucking bird already . 
  putin is the worst of all the putins . 
  no need for proof since 9/11, 
  they 've been [ hacked ] ( http://europe.newsweek.com/german-missiles-hacked-by-foreign-source-329980 ) recently, 
  what enemy ? 
  why traitor ? 
  he could literally change it by himself , on a computer , at home . 
  what a great world we 're living in . 
  europe independent of usa , preposterous !, 
  insecurity, 
  from the image description :  * shipping terminals and containers are pictured in the harbour of the northern german of bremerhaven on the banks of the river ~ ~ elbe ~ ~ weser * sloppy reuters, 
  not after all these debacles . 
  when she does n't have the courage/decency to take her hat and leave , but rather tries clinging to the power , i 'd say - let 's carry her - on her throne - from the reichstag to the spree . 
   everything is nuanced ** your ** self-contradicting phrasing, 
   everything is nuanced that 's quite true , ( albeit your self-contradicting phrasing ) my second comment was in relation to / u/fyldyn 's `` use '' of a [ false dilemma ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/false_dilemma ) . 
  what 's the medical term for being only able to perceive images in black xor white ? 
  that will help ^ ^ escalate ^ ^ things . 
  the comments in this sub ... :( this form of european identity/nationalism , will get us in real trouble . 
  this sub unites in hate , more than it does for anything other . 
  good luck defending from nukes , until then - happy spending . 
  ... wtf did i just read ? 
  anyway - legit source - keep up the good work . 
  i am really sorry . 
  i need some citations , please . 
  i recognized your sarcasm , but had the urge to comment on this particularly nasty clich\u00e9 , which when used in a lazy manner , does n't really help the cause , your sarcasm was probably aiming for . 
   stealing our wives they bring a * lot * of women with them . 
  the red-light district in my city is filled with foreign women working as prostitutes . 
  half of them from bulgaria . 
  i really do n't mind having the girls here ( i do n't use their services ) . 
  it 's the pimps that are not welcome . 
  since many of them do n't eat pork ... maybe all the leftover schnitzels are to blame ? 
  i would rather exile some of the key-players , that have played a role in the german/eu financial warfare / powergame on greece . 
  the politicians and other useful idiots in my country , are trying to fuck over a whole lot of greek people , who are not even the slightest way responsible , for what has happened . 
  in a very disrespectful and unethical fashion , for which i ultimately have to consider them to be illegitimate in their function as representatives of the german people , at least for my case . 
  if i would be king of germany i 'd say - we cut the debt down to 3.50 $ and would like to get paid in greek euros . 
   avoid huge crowds . 
  he might be mistaken for a german, 
  send young einstein the results of his later works . 
  manufactured in china, 
  no ... , put all the bureaucracy into the boring rest . 
  all people there would have a political , or administrative function and when people get mad with the eu government they can besiege the city, 
  perhaps it 's about spying . 
  by the way , may i recommend giving flandern to the netherlands , and use the rest of belgium to form the european union 's capital, 
  who 's responsible for this all this hate for muslims in the last let 's say ~ 14 years ? 
   hmmm , we can do better . 
  that attitude ... 
   ... while the good romanian people ... my guess is you two do n't like gypsies . 
  [ please do n't go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiankrpgtvy ), 
  i 'm not necessarily disagreeing with the policy btw , but you 're jumping to conclusions . 
  and shouting does n't help either . 
  houses ... put them all in prisons , for safety !, 
  so now it 's illegal ? 
  what 's the blue one for ? 
  it 's by design , and legit - the outer ring is still worth 50 cents and the core is 1 deutschmark now . 
  the netherlands should be banned for selling weapons in the first place . . 
  it 's about the big picture, 
  mainly because of the people who make it a problem by assuring others that it is a problem . 
  more like irrelevant speculation, 
  so does she before hitler, 
  please do n't !, 
  it is obscene that the current president is a nobel peace prize winner . 
  he 's a special breed of idiot, 
  yeah , ... that 's not what i 've meant . 
  i never bought into the idea of deporting criminals into other countries ... it 's like pushing away the responsibility , and believe me - the other countries do n't want these criminals either . 
  i 'd rather like to see a prison/justices system reform , to turn that criminal into profit . 
  probably also for her support if ttip, 
  sure ... 
   the end of europe as we know it . 
  you 're not considering the fact , that you might be a complete idiot ... 
  this whole situation stinks ... because people are shitting their pants . 
  `` [ ... ] in this difficult situation , germany would like to emphasize the urgency of its appeal to hold the world cup 2006 in germany . 
  let me come straight to the point : in appreciation of your support we would like to offer you a small gift for your vote in favour of germany : a fine basket with specialities from the black forest , including some really good sausages , ham and -- hold on to your seat -- a wonderful kukuclock !, 
  and a beer mug , too !, 
  do we leave you any choice ??? 
  we trust in the wisdom of your decision tomorrow , sincerely yours martin sonneborn secretary tdes ( wm 2006 initiative ) '' [ 1 ], 
  you 're just wrong ... and i do n't care to state the self-evident ... 
  you are just a pimple . 
  why would you even ... ? 
  i ca n't see the connection you 're drawing here ... 
  for those who 'll ratify ... why should n't we hold you responsible some day - retroactively , and let you pay with life and blood . 
  germany does admit it too , but it is hardly comparable in context of consequences suffered by such prosecution . 
  turkey is killing and torturing his own citizens for years . 
  also the german satirist is way more suffering from death threats from turkish nationalists than from the german police or prosecutors . 
  not even close . 
  thanks ... i was looking for that but could n't remember the name . 
  drop the witch burdened with stones into the river .
