low cost & low tek * and * raises awareness - count me in . 
  us is the new un, 
  what is this , a gambit ? 
   humanitarian help tanks ftfy, 
  then proceed until you 've reached rome, 
  bush sr. - to keep it in chronological order, 
  thanks , obama !, 
   ... , is it really that bad compared to what other countries ' fans do ? 
  your last point defeats the purpose of your own argument * edit : otherwise i have to agree . 
  yes - in contrast to bild everybody else seems to look good , but still not good enough , if you account for the potential/responsibility that these institutions hold . 
  the quality is still shit !, 
  the german press does not act accordingly to its power & social responsibility . 
  german tv the same . 
  still better though than many other countries . 
  which is sad . 
  the cycle of life, 
  i ca n't believe the french people to be that dumb, 
  france i 'm disappoint, 
  they should finance themselves with betting on the international stock market . 
  or football games or whatever you can bet on . 
   ... , officials assured the country would not turn its back on the afghan people . 
  this statement could as well be considered a threat , depending on the nationality of the officials . 
  your attitude is missing good parenting . 
  catalonia !, 
  you 're drunk , go home !, 
  i know next to nothing when it really gets gritty , but i have an idea/image of ancient greek culture , philosophy - the dawn of science as we know, 
  you 're right . 
  as well as with the european system . 
  sounds like your political system is decoupled from society , like the politicians are from normal people . 
  so you as a society have lost control over your ship , by allowing an elitist over-the-law group of people to establish and secure themselves as a higher class . 
  they control you , ignore your needs and wants , mock you with elections and kick you out of the whole process for good when you finally reach the bottom as a wageslave , criminal or homeless . 
  what is it with the us in the last couple of years ? 
  lots of bad news . 
  suicide by execution ? 
  to call somebody `` es '' has a very bad connotation to it . 
  but that could change over time with this change of policy followed by a new consciousness about this particular gender issue . 
  it would also help , to change `` der mensch '' to '' ** das ** mensch '', 
  bezbojnicul , you did it again !, 
  in other news ... baguettes increasing in size since 1900 ... 
   ... merkel disposes every criticism with the reference to the election campaign . 
  that 's is hopefully going to backfire on her, 
  the people have to watch the politicians , not tv !, 
   `` the most important aspect was , that all discussion partners here in the united states * understand * that in germany and in europe there is a high level of sensibility about protecting the private sphere and freedoms , '' friedrich said . 
  `` that message has reached the american colleagues . '', 
  is he fucking with us ? 
  this alone should cost him his job . 
  american colleagues ? 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  this kind of equality does not exist . 
  germany is more or less a province / vassal of the us of a. 
  make sure this man does n't have a hand up his arse and is played like a puppet . 
  us media celebrities should support snowden by flying with him . 
  btw , of all the american heroes , who is publicly standing up and fighting for snowden and what he stands for anyway ? 
  they wan na be in the game too . 
  they wan na be spies and soldiers , with enemies and heavy metal . 
  instead of quitting this stupid game , and play another one ... it 's so easy when you know the rules . 
  it 's so easy all you have to do ... is fall in love, 
  what a silly thing to do, 
  i can confirm ... source : reddit, 
  that would be the way ... keep the momentum , keep it in the media , demonstrations till the elections . 
  hold the regierung by it 's balls and do n't let go . 
  when the elections are due , bitchslap angie with your vote ... i know i am ... great opportunity for the pirates . 
  it is time that hypocritical angie has to pay for her lawlessness . 
  she is morally corrupting germany . 
  no ... get over it ... your british now . 
  false dilemma, 
  thanks for the link . 
  inevitable was the word i was looking for . 
  why not both ? 
  better skip 3 and go with 4 ? 
  i 'd rather think of it as unavoidable , rather than necessary . 
   ... , then implies that ww3 is necessary . 
  did not !, 
  do n't jump to conlusions . 
  who 's the idiot now ? 
  the earlier it starts , the earlier it 's over with . 
  they better arrest him, 
  she 'd knew more , if she would n't be so incompetent and clueless in her nature . 
  the self-importance of your own perspective can lead you to believe that what is true to you is a truth of its own . 
  i am fully convinced that nearly every president ever would have been guilty , measured by their own standards . 
   `` i think our point is that this is focused very specifically on one goal , which is , you know , how do we disrupt terrorist activity , how do we mitigate security threats , both to us and to germany , '' if a person would talk to me like that i would bitchslap him . 
  consider yourself bitchslapped mr. president !, 
  nice of him to keep the protestors motivated, 
  one could also ban / sanction non-green, 
  that 's the way to go , or at least the direction for a reform . 
  detailed background info about the perpetrators published [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vandals ) by an atheist ngo . 
  turkey ... , i am impressed, 
  not a bit of schadenfreude , but i surely can appreciate the aesthetic value of a burning building, 
  bankman !, 
  i fully support eu without troops . 
  it should be a peace zone . 
  police should do . 
  i think the german military is more than obsolete and really poor taste to begin with . 
  more weapons more war . 
  more defense more war . 
  whether the eu will actually be a good thing in the long run , or not - the time of politicians using troops against their own or others should be over too , and if the eu respects it 's people and others , quit military as a gesture - an international peace offering . 
  we do n't need eu nationalism . 
  bigger countries - bigger wars . 
  ( 1984 ) more misery . 
  no internet .
