apparently you 've never been to the bible belt . 
  or utah . 
  people tell schoolgirls how to dress all the time in those places . 
  by and large , people do n't seem to make much of a fuss about it . 
   why do we hear about tent cities and what not then ? 
  i have n't heard anything of tent cities in western and northern europe . 
  camps and detainment centers with pretty dire conditions do exist in greece , italy , bulgaria etc. 
  though , mostly because the way the eu-wide asylum system is set up keeps them bottlenecked in places that do n't have the resources to process the large volume of applicants in accordance with international humanitarian law . 
   i never hear about actually deportations you probably have n't been following the issue very closely , then , because it 's what happens to a pretty sizable proportion of them . 
   in uk i think you need a court trail to even deport . 
  you need that in the us as well . 
  all of the illegal immigrants in the us that get deported go through judicial processes first . 
  there were an estimated 11.5 million undocumented immigrants in the us in 2011 ( that number has presumably grown since then ) out of a population of ~ 300 million . 
  i understand it 's a controversial issue in the us , but the walls of american society have n't exactly come crumbling down as a result . 
  in that regard , i wonder if israel has an exceptionally high per capita population of nobel laureates . 
  that 's the idea . 
  microsoft actually funded a study back in the 90s on why exactly `` nigerian prince '' scams work despite being so outlandishly bizarre . 
  the conclusion of the study is that they work * because * of how bizarre and shifty the pitches are , rather than inspite of it . 
  the logic being that spamming out thousands of emails is easy but following up on them with people who respond consumes a lot of time and resources by the scammers . 
  these resources go to waste whenever someone gets sketched out and bails on the deal down the line . 
  to circumvent this problem with false-positives , scammers adopted a strategy of purposely presenting a set of extremely outlandish and shifty information in the first email so that they can be certain that anyone still stupid enough to respond with interest to such an offer is unlikely to be sketched out by anything they 're asked to do down the line to finalize the transaction . 
  france also likes the uk more than france likes itself . 
  that is also very unexpected . 
  the un is divided up into a number of different committees and sub-organizations , each of which is likely to include a seemingly mismatched assortment of countries . 
  i believe that this resolution went through the un human rights council one year ago , and the reason macedonia voted and the netherlands and belgium did n't is simply that macedonia is a member of the council while the others are n't . 
  you may have missed the part where i-fuck-horses discussed how he/she took french courses while living in east germany . 
  anyway , just trying to have a bit of fun . 
  my own mother is german , and i really do love germany myself . 
  i 'm not trying to start wwiii here . 
  i too was making a joke about stereotypical german perceptions of humor . 
  are you sure you 're not german yourself ? 
  you may have the most typically german sense of humour of any german i 've ever come across . 
  nothing , really , especially in comparison to countries like lebanon , jordan , and pakistan . 
  hmm ... 
  this comment shows a fundamental lack of understanding of what life as a refugee is actually like . 
  i mean , do you honestly believe it 's like this : `` youpee , there 's a war going on in my hometown !, 
  and what luck !, 
  a mortar shell just destroyed my apartment building this morning . 
  i 've been waiting for an opportunity like this for ages !, 
  time to use my life savings to pay a smuggler to literally rape me and my family halfway across the middle east and the maghreb before i hop onboard ~ ~ a filthy , overcrowded , and unseaworthy death trap of a fishing boat ~ ~ a delightful mediterranean pleasure cruise to lampedusa island so i can live out the rest of my life ~ ~ unable to find work and forced to squat in an abandonned apartment building because the italian asylum system is not adequately resourced to review my asylum application ~ ~ slurping up / u/mrmumbo 's tax dollars to pay for my retirement in an apartment on the promenade des anglais in nice !, 
  for one , that did n't really answer my question . 
  just because europe is n't * obligated * to have a certain percentage of their population be refugees does n't in any way mean europe is sacrificing as much as a result of the refugee crisis as lebanon or jordan . 
  moreover , the problem is that rates of return among refugees to their country of origin have fallen to their lowest rate since 1983 , and the number of refugees living in protracted situations is at an all time high . 
  there are refugee camps in africa that are now seeing second ( and soon to be third ) generation refugees following the somali civil , and current outlook on the conflicts in the middle east indicate that the same thing will likely happen at a * much * more problematic magnitude if durable resettlement solutions are not found for significant portions of the refugee populations that have resulted from these conflicts . 
  not only is it a question of human rights , it 's a question of global security . 
  nearly 1 in every 4 people residing in lebanon right now is a refugee , and at the end of 2013 , there were 512 refugees living in pakistan for every 1 usd gdp ( ppp ) according to unhcr . 
  frankly , the countries that border major conflict zones have vastly exceeded their carrying capacity for refugees to the point that it has become dangerous for everyone , and some sort of durable solution needs to be found for these people . 
  why ? 
  it 's good to be informed and to know that this stuff is going on in the world , but i 've found that way too many people end up glued in front of their tv screens obsessing over what happened and how frightened they are , which is exactly what the terrorists want us to do . 
  i think that the best thing to when something like this happens is read about it , acknowledge it and support people in need in anyway you can , and then go outside and live your life like normal . 
  i seem to recall that there is a mod here who was featured on / r/badhistory or something not too long ago for some holocaust denial comments or something along those lines made in a different sub . 
  so he 's an american police officer, 
  i remember when i was an exchange student in germany as a teenager , some of my classmates would jokingly make the salute to each other , even in public places like train stations , without a care . 
  it always seemed odd to me , but they never got in any trouble for it . 
  that 's an interesting study . 
  i wish it went into more detail though about birthrates of the offspring of either one or two immigrants , as i 'd be curious to see if the effects typically drop down closer to normal national levels after a generation . 
  i am also interested in the disparity between women who had kids before immigrating to france and women who started having kids after they had already arrived . 
   it would be an unethical decision no it would n't . 
   but from the business ' pov it 's only a poor decision if people stop buying that product . 
  if people are n't willing to go without that product , and the businesses have a pretty good idea of whether they are or not , they 'll pay for it even after the price has gone up if a business raises its price considerably and people still buy the good at the same rate ( or at least at a rate at which the increase in revenue from the higher price offsets the loss of items sold ) , then that means there are other market factors at play that justify the change in price . 
  assuming the price of a good is already at equilibrium at 49.99 , then all other things being equal , the elimination of the 1c could never justify a price increase of this good by more than 1c . 
  right . 
  * ceteris paribus * people consumers would have little issue paying 50.00 for something that cost 49.99 before the elimination of the 1c coin . 
  however , * ceteris paribus * fewer consumers would purchase a good for 53.00 that cost 49.99 before the elimination of the 1c coin , meaning that it would be a poor decision to raise the price to that degree . 
  how so ? 
  that 's not how economics works . 
  businesses do n't just `` jack up '' prices willy nilly whenever they want . 
  they only set the price as high as they know consumers will pay for their good . 
  the elimination of the 1c and 2c wo n't suddenly make consumers willing to pay several euros more for the same good . 
  what is latin american culture , which includes 20 distinct countries , a diverse array of religions , and a vast number of both indigenous and non-indigenous languages ( including , but certainly not limited to , european tongues ) ? 
  what is african culture , which also includes 54 distinct countries , a diverse array of religions , and also a vast number of both indigenous and non-indigenous languages ( including , but certainly not limited to , european tongues ) ? 
  speaking generally , though , you overestimate the influence of european culture in latin america ( most of which gained its independence in the 18th or 19th century and had full cultural autonomy since ) while underestimating the influence of european culture in africa ( which , as a result of hundreds of years of direct european imperialism on the continent until 50 years ago , has a lot of strong european features now deeply engrained in the popular cultures of particularly urban africans ) . 
  neither continents are european , by any means , but i think it is tough to really write off european influence on one while wholly attributing it to the culture of another . 
  as someone from latin europe , i beg to differ . 
  south american cultures are really more of a melding of certain latin european cultures with traditional , indigenous south american cultures let to evolve over the course of several hundred years . 
  the idea that the general culture of sao paulo is the same as the culture of lisbon or that the general culture in buenos aires is the same as the culture in madrid is , for lack of a nicer way to put it , fucking stupid . 
   ironically , some places like argentina and uruguay are more european than the west european countries themselves and thus an attractive destination for europeans that are fed up with what 's going on in europe . 
  my favorite part . 
  this basically reads as , `` i 'm tired of my perceived notion that immigrants of a different culture are turning europe into africa . 
  to fix this issue , i 'm going to immigrate to south america with my culture and turn their continent into europe . '', 
  sure , and i think america and the uk as well , probably . 
  i do n't have much of any confidence that there would be a strong nato response if russia attacked a member state in the east . 
  and i think that 's a problem , because i think russia understands this . 
  fighting a war with russia is something nobody wants to do . 
  it would be truly awful . 
  it 's also not something that i think is likely to happen , but i digress . 
  nato states need to at least make it clear that they 're willing to stay strong in their convictions and have each other 's backs if we want to maintain the security of europe and avoid a war in the future . 
  seriously . 
  you could go up to a leper woman living under a bridge in rome whose only posession is an espresso machine . 
  give her 50 cents , and she will make you the greatest cappuccino you 've ever had . 
  return to france and you will pay 4 euros for a miniature cup with 5 ml of black coffee-ish tar from a nice caf\u00e9 . 
  it 's still better than any cofee in the us , though , so we 've got that going for us . 
  sure , none of us want to go to war ( hopefully , at least ) . 
  that 's a given . 
  however , if germany 's security policy reflected the majority opinions in this poll if a nato country were attacked , then it does undermine the purpose of nato and its credibility in international security . 
  the whole point of nato is to create a collective security umbrella that says to everyone else that if they pick on one member state , they pick on all of them . 
  if russia or whoever else knows that it 's an empty guarantee , and that nato wo n't realistically come to the aid of one of their own , then what 's the point ? 
  no , 44 % seems too high to me for the us in all honesty ( depending on the context , which is vague ) . 
  if the question was specific to `` would you fight for your country if russia mounted a land invasion of alaska ? 
  '' , then yes , i 'd expect it to be higher .
