  we could scare them by welcoming them with sarmale and palinca . 
  lucky for us we are not on the main route . 
  it 's an unlucky time for the croatians though . 
  the main problem is that the traditional parties do n't acknowledge that immigration is an issue . 
  if they do n't tackle it with moderate measures , then in a few years the people will bring parties that will tackle it with radical measures . 
  in the uk cameron has addressed the problem , and thus it slowed farage 's ascension . 
  in sweden traditional parties must do the same if they want to halt the sd . 
  the migrants will . 
  love the video . 
  a good response and indeed german can sound beautiful . 
  depends on the voice tha '' s doing the talking . 
  will germany use force if the people do n't want to go back ? 
  will the media agree with images of people being beaten and forced to board planes/buses ? 
  why is the swedish police so racist ? 
  are you allowed to use force if some people just wan na play with sticks and stones ? 
  oh , the humanity !, 
   which is the reason why germany wants quotas , to distribute them so that no one state has to suffer too much ... 
  the things is these people do n't want to come to eastern europe . 
  in order to obligate these people would germany accept to ... * gasp * use force ? 
  would the media accept images of people being beaten , tear-gassed and handcuffed on to buses towards eastern europe ? 
  germany wo n't be able to stop the influx . 
  soon thousands will be gathered at the border and the german police will be unable to cope , just like the hungarian one is n't . 
  the short-term solution that should be applied in hungary or greece is the usage of force against those who refuse to be processed by the authorities . 
  by force i mean non-lethal of course ( riot police , rubber bullets , water cannons , tear gas , etc. ) . 
  is europe prepared to accept that ? 
  is europe willing to tolerate images of these people being beaten up and handcuffed by the police if they do n't comply ? 
  it 's all good then . 
  i wish germany the best of luck in integrating as many people as possible . 
  true , that 's what police does in a normal situation . 
  however i very much doubt they would use force against rejected asylum seekers . 
  do you realize what the mass media reaction will be if videos of police beating/tear-gassing/handcuffing refugees appear ? 
  are you prepared to give them all language school , jobs and citizenship ? 
  you mean ... use force !?!, 
  that would make them racist , far-right nuts !, 
  seriously , these people are here to stay . 
  law enforcement will be afraid to use force because of bad pr . 
  what would you have us do ? 
  if we take people without being able to integrate them then we would have the eu , human rights organizations and the media telling us that we are treating them inhumanely . 
  besides , as i 've said , we would be taking these people against their will . 
  you saw how they react if they are not allowed to go to their destination of choice . 
  they want germany and sweden . 
  they do n't want to stay in romania for 200-300 euros a month . 
  we will take 1785 , and probably pay compensation from our gdp towards other countries who can take them . 
  we lack capacity for integrating these people . 
  it would be easy ( well relatively ) to house tens of thousands of people offering basic needs ( shelter , medicine , food ) , but we need to actually integrate them . 
  that means language schools , qualification classes , jobs and eventually citizenship . 
  also we would be obligated to also help them bring their families here , and , of course , integrate them too . 
  romania has never faced mass immigration before , so it does n't have the mechanisms for such a scenario . 
  about 1700 is our maximum for integration . 
  we could implement new policies , but this would take a few years to become effective . 
  this is of course assuming these people would want to integrate and become romanian citizens . 
  somehow i feel that germany and sweden are their targets . 
  which is fair enough . 
  better to pay a small sum if your country actually lacks the capacity ( as is the case of romania ) . 
  http://i.imgur.com/4vikdz4.png https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/2lzosn/first_on_mars/, 
  do you know how to read a table ? 
  keep thinking people arriving in germany are war refugees mate . 
  check the tables and the pdf files ; the number of refugees is equal to the number of people managed by the unhcr . 
  also do note that not all people stay in tented camps . 
  a lot of them are offered shelter and aid in small towns on the south-eastern turkish border . 
  some people are reluctant to move to the confinement of a camp since they want a chance at getting a job , be it on the black market . 
  in fact at the opening of the camp in suruc ( the one in the video ) turkish authorities had trouble filling it with refugees , initially just 5000 people signing up for a tent . 
  you have n't answered what you considered to be the limits of border crossing where one stops being a refugee . 
  how many illegal crossings are enough ? 
  enlighten me with your knowledge of international regulations . 
   le - it seems denmark agrees with me . 
  `` refugees '' coming from germany are not refugees . 
   http://www.thelocal.dk/20150908/denmark-sends-first-group-of-refugees-back-to-germany, 
   how about you provide sources for your claims that there are un refugee camps with plenty of room for all the syrian refugees in turkey ? 
  i have provided links showing the camps that do exist are n't run by the un and only house a small portion of the refugees in turkey how about in the unhcr sources that you have n't had the decency to read - http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e48e0fa7f.html they specifically state that the number of refugees being registered have the space to be sheltered and advise for further of expansion of the camps because of rising prediction levels . 
  whether or not they accept to be sheltered or they prefer to try their luck in the west for a better life , away from the misery of the camps , is understandable , but is entirely their choice which transforms them into migrants . 
  do inform yourself about the international status of refugees , what limits do they have regarding free movement over borders and when they become migrants . 
   i have provide number of sources showing that most syrian refugees are not living in refugees camps and are often forced to fend for themselves . 
  you have n't provided anything of the sort regarding turkey , so there is nothing for me to disprove . 
  btw , it 's their choice if they want to live outside the camp and try to make a living on the black market or choose to migrate towards the west . 
   why are they constructing more camps if the camps are n't full ? 
  why are syrians living in streets ? 
  why are they being forced to work illegally to survive ? 
  because the influx of people is expected to rise even further . 
  it has actually been constantly increasing since 2011 , and it will continue to do so . 
  what does adequately cared for mean to you ? 
  turkey does n't offer the syrians the means to integrate , to get jobs . 
  that 's the main issue that these people have . 
  however food , shelter and medicine are no big issues at the moment , and they are n't brought up in the articles you provide either . 
  worthless , eh ? 
  explain to me in which country between syria and germany there is a war ? 
  what would be , in your honest opinion , the limit to refugees crossing border after border ? 
  if they , lets say , keep going after reaching germany are they still refugees ? 
  are the immune to border control ? 
  when do they become migrants ? 
  what do you think about bbc 's decision to always name this a `` migrants crisis '' and their justification for it ? 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-34061097 le - i would suggest we keep to discussing ideas and cutting the ad hominem , eh ? 
  you have provided no sources that state that turkey camps are not able to care for their refugees . 
  they have dispersed , meaning that they started migrating towards the west . 
  the articles you have provided mention worsening conditions in lebanon and jordan . 
  maybe you should actually check your sources before you actually post them , trying to appear as you are well informed on the matter . 
  yes iraq and afghanistan are in a war , but do i need to provide you with map for you too see where these countries are in relation to germany ? 
  that 's why they are not refugees . 
  because being a refugee does n't allow you to roam indefinitely , crossing as many borders as you want until you get to a country with excellent benefits . 
  maybe this will help you , at least in relation to the syrian `` refugees '' : http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_ymis08a8dfhuwwmkmdsfijk43hrowocd.jpg,
