  even if hungary would fortify its borders the problem wo n't stop . 
  it 's too advanced now . 
  the eu has to solve the problem in the places where these people embark . 
  in other words , we 've got to negotiate with turkey . 
  when were the `` refugees '' treated like shit ? 
  is trying to register them equivalent with treating them like shit ? 
  you see this is the kind of hypocrisy that i 'm talking about . 
  on the one hand you want hungary to register these people , but if they are sent to registration camps then they are mistreated and hungary is barring their way towards germany . 
  myself , being a romanian , have no reason in defending a politician such as orban , but i got to say it 's a shame for european politics when him , of all people , is the sanest voice . 
  so much chaos . 
  one day germany and austria say `` it 's ok , we welcome refugees '' , the other day `` now wait a minute hungary , you ca n't just let these people pass the border ! '', 
  merkel is the main culprit for the worsening of the situation . 
  she is encouraging more people to come through the balkans , thus resulting in more misery and , unfortunately , more deaths also . 
  at the same time she is completely destabilizing the eu with her schizophrenic attitude . 
  make up your mind : should these people be properly registered or allowed free reign ? 
   and the uk wo n't accept ten-thousands either . 
  they 'll pick a few thousand . 
  how should that discourage refugees from applying for asylum in the eu ? 
  of course they wo n't , because most of these people can be safe in turkey . 
  if you leave a safe refugee camp in turkey to cross the border in the eu you are no longer a refugee , you are an economical migrant . 
  that 's why the priority is in helping turkey improve their refugee camps and their see border security . 
  we should give them money and perhaps political concessions for that purpose . 
  this is not a long term solution . 
  in fact more migrants are encouraged this way to use the long balkan route . 
  we will have even more deaths ... 
  the eu has to negotiate directly with erdogan , help him with money and with the security of his sea borders . 
  at the same time eu 's outer terrestrial borders should be toughened . 
  afterwards , if eu states want to help turkey/syria/lebanon in sharing the burden of the refugees , they should use cameron 's approach of taking refugees directly from the camps . 
  thus , only people who are threatened from war are selected , and illegal immigration will be discouraged . 
  is n't ria ria hungaria !, 
  just something like c'mon hungary ? 
  presumably they came to europe to escape war . 
  is there a war in hungary ? 
   it 's just so ironic to tell romania and bulgaria to show solidarity while these countries were rejected yearly from entering schengen because they are n't `` worthy '' ( to put it mildly ) . 
  to make it even more offensive , one of the main reasons was that we were deemed unfit to secure the borders against immigration or trafficking . 
  i think , for a while at least , we should be glad that we are n't joining schengen . 
   i 'm an atheist and getting sick of the same old generalized arguments that might as well have been taken out of richard dawkins ' bible . 
  even dawkins realizes that islam is by far the bigger threat ( starts at 3.35 ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqzufrmra3m, 
  the difference is we adapt quite easily and we do n't ask for our own laws after we feel comfortable . 
  that 's the same when it comes to chinese , indians or other immigrants that just mind their own business . 
  let 's see you equating eastern europeans to muslims when you 'll have large crowds asking for sharia . 
  i am not a fan of orban when i read about his internal policies , but in this particular issue he seems the most sane voice . 
  you are missing the big problem . 
  those people do n't want to stay in hungary . 
  there are lots of camps in hungary being organized , but nobody wants to stay in them . 
  they want to board trains . 
  they specifically want to go to germany and/or sweden . 
  the main reason is that they 're not actually refugees , their motivation is purely economical . 
  they wo n't stay in a country with lower benefits and wages than germany . 
  that 's why the idea of quotas is idiotic from the start . 
  unless western europe expects us to keep these people by force , then there is no way we can prevent them from leaving the camps and eventually go to where they want , even if it means risking a dangerous smuggling route . 
  the media is completely unfair towards hungary . 
  if they uphold the eu laws then hungarians are xenophobes , far right nuts . 
  if they let them go to germany then they are reprimanded by the austrians and germans for not upholding eu law ( even though all has gone to hell after the migrants were allowed to leave the first eu country they set foot in - greece ) . 
  what are the hungarians supposed to do in this chaos in order not to appear as the bad guys ? 
   i do n't think that will happen to a larger extent . 
  some retards maybe , but we germans have an almost hateful , at least intolerant , stance on public worshiping of whatever religion . 
  hmm , it would seem that way , however do note that countries like france and sweden also have a very secular tradition ( sweden for example is has over 80 % non-religious people ) and yet political correctness prevent them from using the same standard for all religious nuts . 
  it 's fine to criticize christians ( as it should be ) , but the media wears gloves when it comes to islamic propaganda . 
  are you sure that political parties in germany , particularly the social-democrats , wo n't apply the same double standard when it comes to religion ? 
  until now you had to face mostly turkish muslims which are probably the most moderate of the lot ( as a side note we have a big turkish community in romania that lives in peace with the christian romanians for hundreds of years ) . 
   is romania similar ? 
  the political divide in romania is quite different . 
  our left ( psd - the social democratic party ) is the the unofficial successor of the communist party and , even though it strives to adhere to the european left organisations , its values are quite different . 
  it 's in many respects anachronistic and nationalistic ( when it serves its purpose ) , which are opposite values to european progressive/socialist parties . 
  its voters are people from rural areas , and it 's age demographic is predominantly over 50 yo . 
  its honorary president , iliescu , a former high ranking member of the communist party , is the founder of the so called original democracy and is responsible for the deaths of dozens of students in the summer of 1990 . 
  would a western european leftist party keep such individuals within its ranks ? 
  regardless , the right is n't a ray of light either , but i prefer to see them as the lesser evil . 
  anyway i do n't want to bore you with our political problems . 
   the thing is , on our political scene we still do n't have issues regarding immigration , because we are not on the main route of the immigrants . 
  despite this , for me it is a worrying issue , long term at least . 
  while i am not a big fan of further eu attributions & expansion , i do n't want the opposite to happen either . 
  i think eu has had a overwhelming positive influence on romania , both economically and , more importantly , politically . 
  it 's the eu , and to a lesser extent the us , that is preventing our still dubious , corrupt , political class from turning the country into an ex-soviet style democracy , where the constitution is just a piece of paper that can be respected only when convenient . 
  tl ; dr - i want a stable eu , i want a strong germany , and i am concerned of what the current crisis can bring long-term . 
   even if most of them are normal people , which they are probably , you only need a couple mentally challenged fairy tale worshippers to fuck stuff up . 
  indeed , and to make matters worse , some of the new immigrants might radicalize the muslims that are already present in germany . 
  in france , for example , children of muslims that were somewhat integrated in french society were radicalized by wahhabi preaching imams , freshly arrived from conflict zones . 
  obviously the fact that they were rejected by society and had difficulties in finding jobs had a part in them venting their frustration through religion , but that 's precisely why western european countries should n't bite more than they can chew . 
  if you do n't have the means to help the immigrants do n't bring them in , do n't give false promises that will eventually create problems both in the native and the immigrant populations . 
  le - another problem that would arise would be xenophobia and right-wing ideologies . 
  this is already happening , but the traditional parties in the west ( uk being an exception ) do n't address the problem . 
  they prefer to attack the far right parties themselves , without trying to analyse the growing voters that are behind those parties . 
  very good then . 
  if this is feasible , then in the long term you would get a big economic boost from a fresh workforce . 
  i can only wish you goodluck with the cultural side of the problem . 
  ha , ha . 
  you are naive . 
  if they want to live in germany they will do that , living at friends or relatives if need be . 
  then germany would have to deport them by force in romania , only to have them come back . 
  realistically there are only 2 solutions to the problem : 1 ) let them live wherever they want to ( germany , sweden , etc. 
  ) , until their requests are resolved 2 ) keep them in closed camps and deport them by force in their countries of origin , when the conflicts die down . 
  obviously the first solution will be chosen . 
  the quantum of benefits is n't the same in eastern europe . 
  the wages are n't the same . 
  the only way they would stay in eastern europe is by force , and that 's what 's truly inhumane . 
  i 'm sure most of them want to work , but can all of them fit in the work market ? 
  do they have qualifications ? 
  can germany train and teach so many people and their children ?
