   most of the 1.5 million refugees in turkey do not live in camps because those camps are overflowing . 
  many are living in the street and are forced to work illegally ( no work permit ) to cover their basic needs . 
  turkey had some rough periods with the camps ( especially in autumn 2014 ) but they are managing the situation quite well on the syrian border . 
  unless you provide proof for your statements ( that there are no more places in the un camps at the moment ) i 'm going to assume you 're making things up . 
  le - oh , and btw you are ignoring the fact that many of these `` refugees '' are coming from iraq and afghanistan , taking advantage of the syrian crisis , thus not even passing through the camps . 
  they have shelter , food and medical care in the un camps . 
  that 's the minimum , but they are safe . 
  if you want more , you can legally apply for an asylum in a better country , or you can risk it and cross the border illegally , thus becoming an illegal migrant . 
  it 's understandable if you chose the second option , but for the sake of respecting terminology let 's define you by the correct name - economical migrant . 
  le - european countries should invest more in improving the camps near syria and should increase the number of granted asylums for people in the camps ( what cameron is currently doing ) . 
  well congrats to the op for making his story known to us all . 
  may him and other anti-communist martyrs be forever remembered in our hearts !, 
  after you illegally cross the borders of the country were you had safe refugee camps . 
  the fact that your journey crosses several other safe countries and takes you towards the country with the best wages and benefits or the best citizenship laws ( 4 years in sweden for example ) further emphasizes this point . 
  where would the limit be for you ? 
  if , for the sake of argument , these people would consider germany not rich enough for their needs and would decide to continue their journey towards the uk would they still be refugees ? 
  what about canada ? 
  what if , after they reach canada , they change their minds and decide germany was better after all ? 
   can `` refugees '' completely disregard international borders indefinitely , just because their country of origin is at war ? 
  of course i would try my best to reach a country that can offer me the best of conditions . 
  if i would do it legally no problem . 
  if i would do it illegally , then it would be understandable , but i would be an illegal immigrant . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm not blaming these people for trying to flee from poverty , from trying to get education for their children , but by deliberately leaving safe refugee areas and by illegally crossing almost a dozen countries they are , by definition , economical migrants . 
  i 'm simply debating terminologies . 
  it 's a matter of intellectual honesty . 
   are you persecuted in your home country ? 
  or do you risk death ( by civil war for example ) if you stay in your country ? 
  those are no longer requirements as we see `` refugees '' that are perfectly safe in turkey or in central europe still wanting to come to germany , because ... money . 
  we could offer shelter for a lot more than 6k , if by shelter you mean offering a roof , basic medicine and warm meals . 
  that 's what iohannis also said - it would be easy to turn a former military base into a refugee camp . 
  however that 's not what 's expected of us . 
  we would have to integrate these people - offer language school , qualification classes , jobs and eventually citizenship . 
  and for that around 1700 is our maximum capacity at the moment . 
  also , do note that these people do not want to stay in romania . 
  they want to stay in countries that would give them good benefits and jobs and a faster way to earn citizenship . 
  actually our president said that it would be easy to find accommodation for more than 1700 , but that would be pointless , since we lack the logistics to integrate more . 
  turkey has the right to be discontent with the situation and it is understandable that they do n't focus on their security in the west , when there is a war going on to their south-east . 
  negotiations regarding free visas in the future might be a solution . 
  because the financial side is just a part of the problem . 
  turkey is frustrated about being denied access to the eu for a long time , because turkish citizens have to get a visa to get into europe , etc. 
  there are also the matters of turkish cyprus and the can of worms that is the armenian genocide + some economic issues . 
  the eu thus has to undertake some political negotiations to ensure that turkey will secure its maritime border ( of course besides substantial more financial aid to the un camps in turkey ) . 
  le - and i agree with you that some concessions to the turks should be better in the long term than having an unchecked flow of immigration . 
  schengen is already on the brink of collapse ... 
  the problem ca n't be solved in greece , so it has to be solved in turkey , where these people embark . 
  for that to happen we need to make some concessions to the turks , things the ue is reluctant to do . 
   they are not economic migrants you just acknowledged yourself that they are . 
  being unwilling to stay in eastern and central europe refugee camps makes them by definition to be economical migrants . 
  a refugee would not get to pick his country of destination after crossing almost a dozen of safe countries in the process . 
  they are perfectly safe in turkey and europe needs to strive to improve the conditions in those camps and perhaps to grant asylum to more people directly in those camps . 
  aha , so in other words , what you are saying is that as long as their host country is safe then beggars ca n't be choosers , right ? 
  then why did they leave the safety of turkey ? 
  why should europe accept economical migrants ? 
  good . 
   then why are they considered refugees after leaving turkey ? 
  checkmate !, 
   ) ) seriously though , these are immigrants , so that 's why the entire quota system is ridiculous . 
  so in other words what europe should be doing is negociating with turkey , help them with their situation ( both with camps and security ) and take people directly from camps , right ? 
  oh wait , that 's exactly what cameron is proposing , but frau merkel thinks a better idea is to encourage these people into a perilous journey on the mediterranean . 
  - turkey is actually handling the situation pretty well . 
  yes the refugees do n't have a chance to integrate and they are thinking about the education of their children , so in order to escape this bleak future they prefer to illegally cross the border , thus becoming economic migrants . 
  so once again the solution is in more european investment in the camps around syria . 
  so in other words what you are saying is that refugees ca n't be picky about the country of destination as long as it 's safe , right ? 
   refugees do n't have the right to pick their host country . 
  and this practice does not violate human rights . 
  then why are they leaving turkey ? 
  is there a war in turkey ? 
  then it is n't war they are running from . 
   why redistribute them if they 're going to get deported tho ? 
   they 're going to get deported tho ? 
   deported you sir , are incredibly naive thinking these people can be easily deported . 
  most of them `` have lost '' their documents so it 's hard to send them to their country origin . 
  also most of the the people that you see in hungary are also economical migrants by definition , because they start their journey from a country ( turkey ) which has large and perfectly safe un camps . 
  you do n't get it , because you start from a false premise . 
  they wo n't stay in eastern europe because the benefits and the wages are far lower than in germany/sweden . 
  even if we would take them and house them they will leave for germany at first chance . 
  this is already seen in greece , hungary and to a lesser extent in austria . 
  they do n't want to stay . 
  they want to go directly to germany or to sweden ( where you can get citizenship in 4 years ) . 
  explain to me how are these `` refugees '' going to be kept in eastern europe if they only want to go to germany or sweden ? 
  should we concentrate them in closed camps ? 
  the question is how are they going to force the people that are chosen for eastern europe to actually move to eastern europe . 
  and , after they arrive here , how are we supposed to keep them here if they want to go to germoney ? 
  how can you be so selfish and far-right ? 
  let these people in !, 
  ca n't you see what a huge war is raging in hungary ? 
  oh , the humanity !, 
  i honestly want to see how the eu will try to apply quotas . 
  i can just see the officials breaking the news to the migrants : `` right , you lot on the left get to stay in germany , the ones on the right have to board these buses and stay in bulgaria , romania and lithuania '' that should go splendidly . 
   apparently accepting thousands to refugees - who according to the agreements should have stayed in hungary - was a bullshit move . 
  so what exactly do you expect germany to do ? 
  send the refugees back to hungary and eastern europe ? 
  do you want them back ? 
  we can send them back !, 
  or do you expect germany to keep looking away when refugees are treated like shit in eastern europe ? 
  yes it was a bullshit move . 
  there should be no exceptions in following rules . 
  by opening the borders to unregistered immigrants you basically gave a green light to other immigrants to leave the safety of turkey across the mediterranean . 
  of course the discussion is not as simple as that .
