  if germany is n't able to quickly provide jobs and education ( german language for hundreds of thousands of people ) , then these people will start to organize intro segregated ghettos and then they will be even harder to assimilate . 
  and i have n't even opened the big can of worms that is islam . 
  well i 'm all for helping refugees ( and i 'm sure my country could handle at least a few thousand ) , but only if they agree to stay here . 
  i do n't want civil unrest , because they feel like prisoners . 
  i 'm very skeptical that the asylum seekers would seek asylum in eastern europe . 
  they seem to me more like asylum shoppers , wanting to go only in countries such as germany or sweden . 
  if that is true , then we ca n't keep them here by force . 
  is germany prepared to quickly organize a system for such a massive amount of people ? 
  how will germany assimilate islamists in the next decades ? 
  this would work if they are indeed asylum seekers . 
  if they are actually economical migrants , then we ca n't keep them in eastern europe . 
  hungary is correct in this matter . 
  they tried to uphold the eu laws and now is being accused for it . 
  how can germany ask the hungarians to register the migrants in their country when the first eu country they arrived in is greece ? 
  i think some people are missing the point . 
  immigrants would n't want to stay in eastern europe , because wages are a lot lower . 
  so even if they are taken in , eventually they 'll find their way towards germany , sweden , netherlands , etc. 
  gromator explained the first one . 
   lunokhod was the first soviet lunar rover . 
  the joke is that husak was following the orders from moscow as blindly as a robot . 
  as for the second one , it was common for soviet propagandists ( and it still is for russian propagandists today ) to change the subject whenever their crimes were questioned . 
  their favorite way to do so was deviating the subject towards the americans . 
  for example : - stalin killed millions of people in gulags . 
  - oh yeah , well what about the americans and what they did at hiroshima ? 
  - what 's your opinion on the katyn massacre ? 
  - um , what about vietnam ? 
  oh please . 
  warnings are obviously being sent before the plane enters turkish airspace . 
  it 's a logical thing to check the projected trajectory . 
  the reasons the turks have reacted so harshly now , is because of previous similar offenses . 
  russia would act the same if nato aircraft would constantly play around its border . 
  would you honestly believe that at this point in time , in europe , ultra conservative christianity would pose the same risks as salafist islam . 
  this equality you are trying to put between religions is simply factually wrong from many points of view . 
  france should , imo , try to stop looking solely in the past and realize which religion is , at this point in time , the real danger in europe . 
  food for thought - richard dawkins on apostasy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqzufrmra3m i guess we are going to have to agree to disagree . 
  you had to move the place and time to even have a comparison , thus proving my point . 
  in europe , in the present - is there any real comparison between christianity and islam ( both in terms of security risks and socially through demands for religious laws ) ? 
  be honest . 
  i am an atheist myself , but to think all religion is the same and poses the same risks in a given place and time is both statistically and historically inaccurate . 
  you can not compare salafist islam with modern day lutherans . 
  you can not compare salafist islam with buddhism . 
  it 's as clear as day that religions are not the same in terms of risks and that some are some are compatible to liberal , democratic , modern europe , and others simply have n't reached that point yet . 
  statistically speaking muslims that kill in the name of their religion are far more numerous in the last decades . 
  also there is the matter of moderate religious people . 
  compare the opinions of moderate muslims to opinions of moderate christians . 
  how many christians would want laws from the bible to replace the ones from the current judicial system ? 
  how many so called `` moderate '' muslims believe that shariah law implementation would be a good idea ? 
  you can compare medieval christianity mindset with medieval islam mindset , but in the present there is no comparison . 
  christians have , for the most part , adapted to liberal values . 
  christianity no longer lives in the crusades era . 
  large parts of islam still live in that era . 
   the first bit being important because the republic is our symbol of being able to protect the state from extreme religion that precedently destroyed us . 
  there is no way they wrote the constitution forgetting the risk of religion being a threat . 
  yet it 's a completely different kind of threat and the lack of religion in state affairs ( which is good ) now also means a lack of state in religion affairs , which means the french state is almost powerless against salafists , fact of course amplified by political correctness . 
  an optional curriculum would resolve nothing . 
  the state has to rigorously control these hate spreading people . 
  i know you may not agree with me with me , but i think at this point in time christianity is benign by comparison with islam . 
  christianity has been for these last 1-2 centuries adapted/been forced to adapt to liberal values , while wahhabi islam is reacting violently when exposed to any kind of liberalism . 
  i think the french state should implicate itself in religion and try to suppress this radicalization process from the inside , before muslims will try to start changing the french state from the inside . 
  a citizen should be first and foremost french , european and then muslim/christian , etc. 
  this imo should be a priority of the french state . 
  yes , i actually have an understanding of french history . 
  do n't take it the wrong way either , but i believe you misread my quote . 
  the point i was making is that at that time ( 1905 ) there was n't a threat from catholics to actually take over the state and impose a theocracy . 
  the reasons the left were so vehement in their decision was precisely because of the historic background that you mentioned and of course because the catholics were royalist leaning , a past still somewhat fresh in collective memory . 
  anyway , back to the main subject . 
  religion in schools would still be an intervention by the state even if it be a technicality , because free education is funded through the state budget . 
  i 'm agreeing with you , but its still a breach of secularism , albeit a necessary one . 
  btw do you think such a measure would be taken into consideration by the political class , or is it ( at this point at least ) seen as something as too big of a change ? 
  hmm , well it 's still an amendment to the 1958 constitution , because the state would have to implement a degree of regulation and control in regards to all religious cults . 
  long term i would think the only solution will be a historical decision that will cancel the 1905 one . 
  surely at that time the french state made the right decision in halting subsidies towards religion , but they could n't have foreseen in 1905 what a threat the lack of control would be . 
  catholics and lutherans would n't present such a threat and politicians at that time could n't have known that islam would be a major religion in france a century later ( well to be honest is not even of problem regarding islam itself , but wahhabi islam ) . 
  imo priests/imams should be certified by french state and this program should receive , naturally , subsidies from the state . 
  anyone who preaches outside of this framework should face charges . 
  i know how absurd this sounds for a frenchman , but in the long term wahhabi islam is a huge threat if it remains unchecked . 
  think of any new immigrants that find it tough to integrate and are thus funneled into this type of radical thinking . 
  indeed that is a very good solution , but this would mean france will have to reverse the 1905 separation of church and state act . 
  will france 's politicians be able to make such a historic decision ? 
  well the thing is by going to russia he is basically being used as a propaganda tool by the kremlin , thus invalidating his initial stance . 
  he denounced american interference , only to be a supporter ( even though indirectly ) of a similar if not greater evil . 
  warmongering ? 
  i say normal reaction after obama 's reset button failed . 
  deterrence means peace , appeasement means instability . 
  europe should have learned this lesson a long time ago . 
  well change the guidelines then . 
  make an exception , make the rules more lax for european union citizens . 
  for me , as a romanian , this is a very important moment in regards not so much to the relations with canada ( after all its canada 's right to decide who can enter their country ) but in relation to the eu . 
  especially now , in a period of turmoil for the eu , we will see how much does it protect its less powerful members . 
  we want to be treated as equals and we want the eu diplomacy to help us in our request towards canada . 
  netherlands has its pants down militarily , but there is no one to actually be a threat . 
  unless you care about the concept of a united europe ( which very few europeans do when the true price of what that means becomes obvious ) you have nothing to fear from an external threat . 
  an addendum to my previous post , as it may seem that i 'm solely accusing a western betrayal or selfishness -  eastern europe is even more divided and because of its economic fragility , its population can be even more easily manipulated against the `` bad west '' . 
  it is already happening , and in some countries ( like poland ) some people do n't even realize that this new trend is favoring russia . 
  so in turn , this will make the westerners even more reluctant to help , which is only natural . 
  the problem is the politicians in western europe have to convince their populations that there is a need to make big sacrifices in order to spend enormous sums for military purposes . 
  because the fact of the matter is w europe will never be in true danger from russia , so they do n't need to spend . 
  like many people have pointed the military spending is adequate for self-defense . 
  what the eu countries utterly lack are means for an offensive war and this is absolutely crucial . 
  why you may ask ?
