well you ca n't discuss quotas before you have a minimum control over the number that is still coming . 
  we did a quota now , but its obvious that a lot more will have to be relocated . 
  europe needs to solve the problem in lebanon/turkey and jordan . 
  we need to negotiate with turkey and at the same time help greece to have a secure situation in the aegean sea . 
  worse in regards to border security . 
  btw the comparison is off . 
  when our population left for western europe it did n't do it as huge organized mobs , crossing dozens of borders and throwing rocks at police if not allowed in . 
  there is also the matter of integration , as eastern europeans do n't demand their own laws after they become a significant percent of the population ( * cough * sharia * cough * ) . 
  well it is n't normal for us to be forced to have immigration policies before we have anything in place , because we 'll get the blame when these people will complain . 
  furthermore i think it is completely irresponsible on the eu 's part to talk about quotas before the border security issue has been resolved . 
  i 'm still pretty much pro-eu , because i think the benefits outweigh the bad parts of the relation , but i must admit that my trust in the eu institutions has been severely shaken . 
  i will be very much against any new powers given to the eu . 
  i think many eastern europeans think the same after these events . 
  i just hope it wo n't get a lot worse ... 
   they can then , if it is finally needed , put them on a bus back for their place of residence . 
  you mean ... * audible gasp ... by using force !?!, 
  not pc brah . 
  pc brigade reporting for duty : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcx7b1ebfu0, 
  i am not against quotas , but i think the eu has its priorities wrong . 
  1 ) we must secure the borders and deal with the main problem in the countries in the me most affected by refugees . 
  2 ) discuss quotas regarding the refugees that are already here and those that will come under legal conditions . 
  that is the correct order of discussion . 
  then they will complain about the conditions/wages in eastern europe and western media will paint eastern europe as incompetent and xenophobic , even though we 've told you guys that we do n't have any experience and mechanisms for the integration part . 
  that 's a different matter altogether . 
  how is the cia part true ? 
  you do realize that the eu is usa 's partner in terms of security issues , right ? 
  you do realize that most eu countries are also nato members , right ? 
  why would the us want to destabilize the organizations that they helped create and sustain ? 
  i was talking about conspiracies from major powers . 
  yes , some of the migrants might be isis warriors , although if isis wants to there are more efficient ways of doing terrorist attacks . 
  may i remind you that most terrorist attacks came from european citizens , usually 2nd or 3rd generation muslims . 
  it 's simply easier for some people to believe conspiracies . 
  surely these people are financed by the cia , kremlin , jews , aliens , etc. 
  le - i 've legit heard people arguing about the subject in this manner . 
  `` it 's the russians . 
  surely they want to do this to europe . '', 
  `` no , no , it 's the americans , always meddling , them and the jews . '', 
  seeing how they can cross borders without even presenting an id ... 
  they should be registered first . 
  that 's what hungary is doing . 
  if you are a refugee you should only enter through authorized points where your id can be verified . 
  obviously in this situation the austrian police could n't realistically do anything . 
  it was all just for them to save face . 
  they will write an official letter of protest !, 
  is that enough ? 
  eesti can into nordic . 
  if you think refugee camps are so bad and you acknowledge the fact that these people do n't want to be there , then does germany want a quota plan ? 
   died to liberate them `` liberate '', 
  so let me get this straight : russia is mad at poland for deciding its own internal , local affairs ? 
  utterly disgusting behaviour from russia . 
  after all they did in the past century they still think they can command things in eastern europe . 
  accepted for what ? 
  becoming citizens ? 
  they can stay in refugee camps in other countries , but they want to remain in europe and become european citizens in the countries with the biggest benefits or with the fastest way towards citizenship . 
  that makes them migrants with a sense of entitlement . 
  the biggest reason is that the perceived image of germany is that of a country that will welcome all refugees . 
  yes , german authorities did n't exactly say that , but they did n't try to dismiss this created image either . 
  sweden is guaranteeing permanent residence towards asylum seekers , so its a no brainer why they would want to go there . 
  they can get over the border if they allow themselves to be registered . 
  on tuesday only 110 chose this legal path ( 70 accepted/40 rejected ) . 
  the vast majority refuse to cross the border legally because they fear they might be rejected and if they do get accepted they may be distributed ( according to quotas ) towards a country that is not germany/sweden . 
  i do n't understand why there is such a housing problem in sweden . 
  since i am uneducated on this matter , could you very briefly explain why wo n't you just build more apartment blocks ( both public and private investment ) ? 
  yes , but croatia 's border with bosnia is so large that it would be almost impossible to police it all in the face of tens of thousands of people . 
  rock throwing usually occurs when they encounter a barricade . 
  so at that point the police/army are confident and secure enough to just use tear gas and water cannons . 
  what are they supposed to do ? 
  if they let them transit without registering then they 'll get flak from other eu countries , especially germany . 
  not to mention to utter chaos that will envelop their roads and railways for an indefinite period of time . 
  if the croatian route will be completely sealed , then the most likely route will be towards italy , over the adriatic . 
  of course they could also try through bosnia towards croatia , seeing that the border between croatia and bosnia is enormous and thus very hard to defend . 
  it 's almost impossible without any fences . 
  of course not . 
  no one is insane enough to use lethal force against unarmed civilians . 
  that 's why the fence solution is , short term , the best one . 
  because it forces the bulk of the migrants towards the entry points , and their only way in is by accepting to be registered . 
  mmm , fried bacon ... 
  i am fully aware of that . 
  i simply made a joke regarding what would putin 's reaction be to european demilitarisation . 
  it 's one of the many crisis that prevents the advancement of the eu . 
  it 's no end of europe or other apocalyptic predictions but , at the same time , there will be no advancement towards a federation . 
  i was joking mate . 
  of course there is no need for germany to have hundreds of thousands of infantrymen . 
  however , germany should give more consideration to their army ( their equipment budget ) . 
  yes . 
  suomi would like into baltic . 
   http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/dat+ass+r+polandball+whitesock+redditcom+r+polandball+comments+1ygb38+rear+view_32d202_5029779.png, 
  pic related : http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/putin-laughing.jpg, 
  hungary has an external schengen border and they still could n't cope . 
  will eesti into nordic now ? 
  this right here . 
  if they would grow some balls and at least start talking about the issue , then the sd 's ascension will be stopped . 
   refugees entering slovenia via croatia will be given choice of asylum or refusal of entry refusal of entry , eh ? 
  does slovenia have a fence ? 
  then they will pass towards germany . 
  they wo n't . 
  they will find out , the hard way , that these people do n't want to be registered . 
  imagine what the reaction will be when the quotas come into play . 
  `` what do you mean i have to go to eastern europe ? '', 
  shoot at the legs .
