  yes you are correct , the scientists ( or not them sometimes/often ) choose the researches they engage into . 
  yes , like i said , it is a subjective doc , you have to remain critical but watch it with hindsight . 
   its methods may be impeccable ( although it often is n't ) , but its motive rarely is . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  that 's what i was starting to write as an answer to mr growth . 
  a very interesting doc to watch about this is zeitgeist : moving forward . 
  be warned , this is a subjective doc , but you can find some really interesting concepts described in it , especially in the [ third part ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4z9wvzddh9w&amp;t=5405s ) . 
  you mean the people who are involved in corruption schemes ? 
  things i like ? 
  food , shelter , better quality of life for everyone ? 
  is that you telling me you 're selfish ? 
   just because they are better and that 's pretty fucking funny . 
  someone is not better than me because he/she makes more money . 
  how dumb are you ? 
  that 's how balance works . 
   the richer the poor people get the poorer the rich people get . 
  as you said , everyone ca n't be rich , but why the hell should they ? 
  we do n't need to be rich , we need to share better globally so that everyone 's needs are taken care of . 
  i 'm earning about 30k $ a year , why the hell should i pay when so many people make * so much more * than me ? 
  i do n't think it 's normal that some people get to be paid thousands of euros hourly when others are starving ( even in their own countries ... ) . 
  maybe a better redistribution of wealth and resources would be good , especially considering europe used some of the many resources of africa ( and still has lots of corporate interests over there ) . 
  i was not implying anything concerning the situation . 
  the title is dumb because you do n't say a truce is broken each time a shot is fired , once it 's broken , it stays that way . 
  i guess `` russian-led militants break truce 109 times in 24 hours '' sells better than `` russian-led militants break truce '' . 
  what a dumb title ... 
  as an entry level executive , i get about 25/30 % of my salary going to the government ( taking into account the revenue and local taxes ) , knowing that our salaries also include a certain amount going to social security . 
  we should fucking ban tea . 
  both your countries suck . 
  there . 
  very interesting . 
  a quick search on google returned a few numbers , and ( boldly ) adding up the number of tanks in the ue countries , it seems that russia counts approximately as many active mbts as european countries , but this is without counting stored/reserve tanks , which russia has loads of . 
  not taking sides here , just giving numbers . 
  economically yes , but militarily speaking i believe it 's different . 
  are n't european military capabilities good enough as they are to protect the eu against whatever the threat might be ? 
  because if money is better distributed , everyone can have it , and the `` myslim immigrants that commit crime '' might slowly change , generation after generation until they become `` myslim immigrants that do n't commit crime '' . 
  now i 'm wondering if you can read . 
  and i 'm the retard ... whatever i write , you 're gon na answer without considering my arguments . 
  get a brain man . 
  we 're the same species , and really it 's just a matter of respecting life in a broad sense . 
  when societal and systemic constructs prevent us from taking care of our own species , maybe the problem lies within these constructs and not in our mentalities . 
  edit : well , in your case there 's a mentality problem , too , but i 'd say it results from the systemic constraints . 
   give them more ~ ~ swedish ~ ~ human money and ~ ~ swedish ~ ~ human homes . 
  from the perspective of aliens : silly humans ... 
  damn i had never read that joke before . 
  sounds cruel to me , considering he did n't need it . 
  do you believe this post has been made for us to appreciate the art ? 
  no , it 's propaganda , and frankly , fuck that . 
  ask op to post a new one with the face of obama , i 'll write the same message . 
   this post is bad propaganda because it takes quotes out of their original context and is preseted in a way that makes russia look like a treath and an enemy . 
  what he said pretty much answers your question . 
  the validity of the statements is not what defines propaganda , the format ( which reveals the intent ) does . 
  these quotes are out of context , short statements using strong words , bold sentences , all compiled in an image with a military vehicle and ( what looks like ) a nuclear explosion in the background ... 
  does this look like an intelligent presentation of the situation ? 
  and everyone on this sub has heard of russian people forwarding russian propaganda on social media , but what about western propaganda ? 
  have a look at that reddit post , about [ operation ernest voice ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/intelligence/comments/3axzzl/operation_earnest_voice/ ) from yesterday on / r/intelligence . 
   fortunately in the west , we have media pluralism to prevent the degree of media abuse and political monopolies that exist in russia . 
  i can assure you that media pluralism does n't prevent media abuse nor political monopolies in france . 
  journalists are closely linked with people in power , and i would bet anyone from a western country doing 10 minutes of research would find that statement true applied to their country . 
  sounds like a sentence from fox news . 
  this is not an actual brand name !, 
  it 's a joke from a mitchell and webb skit ( [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7jvlp-n9ww ) ) . 
  in france this is not true . 
  carrefour , leclerc and auchan are supposed to be in the middle range price-wise , shops like leader price , aldi , liddl , netto ( or didledidi :p ) are the ones you want to go to if you want bargains . 
  got anything a bit more insightful than labelling all the french as racists ? 
  edit : just checked your comments after you brigaded me , looks like my countrymen are not the only racists  i do n't hate black people , i just recognize that they are genetically different from other races . 
  they are of low intelligence , empathy , impulse control , and are prone to wild bouts of violence . 
  i 'm not talking about the lybian government , because it 's a separate budget , but gaddafi was extremely far from going bankrupt . 
  he was actually one of the richest men to ever walk the earth , his fortune was estimated to be around the 150 billions . 
  * 150 billions * , which [ magically disappeared ] ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/who-pocketed-gaddafis-billions/5310459 ) after his death . 
  `` fun '' fact . 
  i commented on that issue a few days ago on / r/australia , and it is complete bs to call this a success . 
  the problem has just been moved away from australia . 
  the same people are still leaving their home countries for the same reasons , and are now dying on the coasts of other developed countries . 
  it 's like throwing your trash in the neighbour 's garden and saying that you dealt with your garbage successfuly ( note : it 's not my intention to compare illegals with garbage ) . 
  granted , if all developed countries having this issue adopted this policy , it would seriously cripple the networks of boat crooks using these people 's misery to get what they want , but the intrinsic issue would remain there . 
  it 's not more acceptable at all . 
  and yes , they could change that , but how long would that take for mentalities to change and people to start educating their children properly if developed countries do not help ( which we can too ) ? 
  but this is not the * only * solution , and more importantly saying this is a long term success is bs because it only accounts for the australian point of view . 
  the issues that pushed people to go to australia illegally are still there , those people are just moving to other developed countries now , or living hell in their home countries . 
  edit : spelling, 
  because democracy . 
  i 'm better off living in a country where shitty political parties exist ( meaning even shitty opinions have a voice ) rather than in a country where the same parties have been wiped out by an undemocratic process . 
  well , gendarmes act as a police , but have military training and used to have a military status ( which changed a few years ago due to a change in their reference ministry ) . 
  the only source i have on this is a member of my family who 's an officer in military intelligence , so nothing that was publicly displayed ... 
  france sent gendarmes ( which are military ) in iraq . 
  penalty for whom ? 
  yup , just was in a reunion that confirmed what i said : this `` drop '' is the direct consequence of a ministerial order that was given to p\u00f4le emploi . 
  the official rate is n't going up , that 's a fact , but there 's always been debates over how that rate is calculated . 
  forgetting people who did n't follow through with their administrative paperwork is n't really equivalent to them finding a job , nor is it a sign that the unemployment rate did n't increase . 
  surely just a political `` tour de passe-passe '' to improve the image of the current government if you ask me . 
  i 'm actually working for the employment agency as a technical consultant and i can tell you that even at my level , lots of decisions are heavily politicized , mainly because of careerism . 
  sure , i 'm addressing an issue i found in your statement , how is that not contributing to the discussion ? 
  edit : i swear , most people from the netherlands on this subreddit are fucking stupid . 
  keep downvoting buddy . 
  how are we ever going to change our voting systems if people keep expressing their * support * for candidates they do n't like ? 
  and thanks for the downvote , real mature . 
  ca n't believe i 'm seeing that sentence , that upvoted , on reddit . 
  yeah , let 's keep voting by fucking default like that , maybe one day we 'll get good leaders ... 
  it tends to be right-wing circle-jerks these days , but yeah , fuck that sub really . 
  amazing how each post is flooded by passive aggressive bullshit comments .
