people should stop wondering about the economic growth , because most of them do n't know what it means ( because of how complex it is ) . 
  instead we should wonder if we 're better off today than 10 years ago , and not only economically speaking . 
  until the next crisis , mon bon ami . 
  reminds me of the front national in france ( extreme right-wing ) : they wrap their hateful ideologies in some semi-well spoken speeches and positive popular ideas . 
   but focusing on that when the show is over is more dramatic than funny to me thing is : his stand up material is basically what he says in his videos , but turned into a comedy show . 
  he 's a man `` fighting '' ( quotes because he 's non violent ) for a cause he believes is just . 
  he 's not pretending to be a comedian , he is one , he still has a pretty big audience , even after all that shit the general media has been saying about him for the past decade . 
   until i could n't find any more excuse and started to understand that he turned like that . 
  that 's where your understanding of what he 's doing is wrong . 
  at first it was a provocation to the mass acceptance that we could n't make fun of jews , like we do with women or black people . 
  when he underwent threats and assaults by some zionists , the media did n't cover it , so he decided to change that , because it 's an abnormal situation . 
  but rest assured , he makes fun of a lot of people and preconceived ideas , you just have to see a bit farther than the words and understand the general message . 
  my point is : if you watched his shows , you would understand the media is completely using the appearance of his speeches and the antagonisms they 've been feeding your brain since you started watching tv to shut him up . 
   i 'm all for freedom of speech unless it 's negotianism the problem is : we can negate about any other massacre and make fun of it publicly * but * the wwii holocaust on jews . 
  that 's what he denounces . 
   when it calls for violence he has always called for non violence , explicitly . 
  he ends his shows with `` love each other '' . 
  you 're absolutely not informed on the matter , so please do n't feed the hate train . 
   is it his role ? 
  what is his legitimacy ? 
  what if i disagree with his education discipline , words and method ? 
  well , his role is his to choose . 
  being engaged is his plain right , he 'd probably be way better off without all that fuss around him ( wealth-wise , health-wise too ) , so maybe that can tell us something meaningful about him . 
  concerning legitimacy , he does n't have any more nor less than any politician in my opinion , he 's a man talking about our world and views about it , and i just find his ideas to be legitimate enough to bother writing comments about it on reddit  and you can disagree with his words and method , you 're entitled to your own opinion , i 'm just trying to find out what weighed on your current vision on the matter . 
   the speech i 'm talking about is the one about the sionists , the evil government sold to israel and so on , it 's between paranoid and ridiculous to me . 
  about that , i guess there are tons of material to read and watch before being able to have a legitimate view on that , which i have n't . 
  what he says makes sense to me even if i think it 's a bit too exaggerated . 
  venomous speech he 's spreading ? 
  he 's pretty much the last french comedian trying to educate the people through his shows and humor . 
  i perfectly understand that you do n't appreciate his opinions ( we do n't want to start that debate here ) , but saying his speech is venomous is quite wrong , when you know the man ends his shows with `` aimez-vous les uns les autres '' ( `` love each other '' ) . 
  it 's a good thing you 're against the ban , but i think you 're against it for the wrong reasons . 
  a ban on a comedian who makes racial jokes is against the freedom of speech , and proof that the government does n't want to educate people so that they can conclude such or such comments are disrespectful , and choose by themselves to not support said comedian . 
  concerning your views on dieudonn\u00e9 , i think you should make yourself an opinion of him by searching a bit more about his career and his shows . 
  i asked if you had gone to see his stand ups because you would have seen that his audience is incredibly diversified . 
  all social classes , skin colors and religions attend his shows , that 's simply because he is not racist nor antisemitic . 
  it 's really important to understand that if you want to get why he makes such jokes . 
  have you ever been to one of his stand-up shows or seen one ? 
  plus his username sounds very french , and his french pronunciation is absolutely brilliant . 
  it would be interesting to see a map based on the date that the monarchs actually lost their politic powers , rather than when the system changed to democracy . 
  it does n't mean he is n't influential anymore . 
  at some point you realize there are loads of `` advisers '' jobs in the politics zoo that do n't require the acknowledgement of the public . 
  ha ha !, 
  just correcting something that might be wrongly understood as a truth . 
  after all i 'm protecting the reputation and history of our nation , ungrateful `` petit malin '' . 
  i have to admit it was a funny one . 
  no it 's not , it * was * centuries ago . 
   we all love usa here what kind of statement is that ? 
   there is no sarcasm in your defending and excusing varg , his views and his actions did you actually read what i wrote or do you create a world in your mind and make people say what you want them to ? 
   i hope you have looked at my past comments on reddit . 
  they 're on various dark and underground subreddits i frequent thoroughly to invite people to kill each other and join the nazi parties . 
  you should reaaally see that . 
  * this * is 100 % sarcasm , and an obvious one . 
  to close this unilateral debate , i 'm going to phrase it clearly so you understand : i * do not * support murderous fucks nor racism , i * do * support people having an open mind who try to find intelligent solutions to complicated issues . 
  i sure hope you 're a troll , if you 're not , you 've got a serious iq problem . 
  you do n't know what sarcasm is apparently . 
  i hope you have looked at my past comments on reddit . 
  they 're on various dark and underground subreddits i frequent thoroughly to invite people to kill each other and join the nazi parties . 
  you should * reaaally * see that . 
  til telling someone to doubt and not be radical can make you a neo nazi and murder supporter , internet is great . 
  you 're a rather extreme boy are n't you ? 
  again you have n't understood what i was saying , never mind , go back to your bubble . 
  are you 16 ? 
  you are nowhere near having understood what i said and the questions i have opened . 
  this kind of situation happens all the time : people spending decades in prison and being completely alienated , unable to go back into society . 
  that says something about the system : prisons are shit , it 's just a shitty way to deal with crime , and that 's a fact . 
  the things you talked about ( having access to education , psychologists , etc. ), 
  do not work all the time . 
  now if you would stop calling me names and use your damn brain before answering , it would be nice . 
  you keep repeating the same things and do n't try to think a second about my arguments , there 's no point in continuing this conversation . 
   frankly , i wonder why you feel the need to defend a murderer , and antisemite as well . 
  why ? 
  because i did n't * tag * him as a murderer and an antisemite , i rather think he has n't been taught how to fit to the society . 
   what ? 
  i do n't understand - what on earth are you talking about ? 
  i was n't talking about you , i  was saying that for a person who has to make a decision that has heavy consequences on someone else 's life . 
   i trust the norwegians court far , far more than i do an anonymous stranger who claims that there `` might '' be political reasons for it . 
  you should not . 
  blind trust in anything is not a good idea , especially the justice system , even in your country . 
  i 'm only telling you i think you should doubt more , not be so radical about such matters . 
   i am hardly ruining the rest of his life by calling him murderer and idiot on reddit i was saying that for a person who has to make a decision that has heavy consequences on someone else 's life . 
  i agree totally on the fact that the act of killing is terrible . 
  i do n't sponsor murder , i just try to find an intelligent way to deal with it and fit him to the society , instead of thinking of him as a person who ca n't change . 
  we have to start dealing with these things in a better way . 
  as for the details of the stabbing , i did n't know . 
  first , chill out , really , we 're talking on the internet . 
  i was n't making a statement , i said that a court 's decision is n't based solely on the act itself , and takes various other factors into consideration to determine the sentence . 
   have you read his blog ? 
  do you agree with his ideas . 
  i have n't , but i know of him and his ideas . 
  i do n't agree with him , but that does n't make me hate his guts . 
  you just have to know and understand the person you 're dealing with before taking the decision to ruin the rest of his his life because he 's not a person anymore , but `` a murderer '' , or `` a complete idiot '' . 
  you should n't tag people like that ( i mean often refer to him as `` a murderer '' rather than using his name or something neutral ) . 
  people make mistakes , he did , and he paid for it . 
  now none here seems to really know exactly what happened , but you have to know the sentence he got could as well have been influenced by the kind of person he is , or he might represent , or he maybe he got an `` example sentence '' , as a message . 
  edit : fyi , i used to listen to his records but do n't really hold him in high regard . 
   look , do n't be so pretentious about knowing some high school math . 
  come on guys , at least do it the classy way ... and shake hands at the end . 
  neither am i , and i think he does n't risk anything with french laws for what he physically did , nor for the non-physical part by the way ... edit : neither am i ~ ~ am ~ ~ ... 
  where do you think the money comes from ? 
  where do you think it should go ?
