  is there somewhere in particular you would like to go to ? 
  a list of countries would be helpful . 
  where do you want to go ? 
  transport costs mean that even if you get a cheap flight you still might have to shell out 200 euros on a train ticket . 
  do you want to go to schengen , the uk , denmark ? 
  both are left leaning . 
  my saying ' i did prefix it with `` i think '' ' , what you are implying is that you can not be criticised because it is your opinion . 
  i think that the moon is made of cheese . 
  that does n't make that opinion infallible . 
  i was going to recommend cologne too . 
  the tragic organisation that produced this ? 
  why is hft necessarily financial unstable ? 
  small frequent trades are the liquidity that the market relies on to accurate set prices and market volatility should not necessarily be confused with market stability . 
  black box trading is much more of a problem in that regards . 
  highly-leveraged trading is a huge problem for market stability , and if were up to me i 'd like to see the reintroduction of chinese walls between commercial and investment banking . 
  whilst stamp duty is a form of ftt share markets have historically operated in a way which is very different from other markets . 
  if financial stability is your goal , then what about the argument that slowing trading mechanisms ( as you desire ) actually impairs financial stability ? 
  frequency of trading is instrumental in price discovery , an artificial impediment to e.g. 
  sell a share means that people sit on their assets , favouring inertia and potentially fuelling bubbles as they do n't have the weight of the sell book against them . 
  edit : that says nothing of the decreased liquidity and the higher spreads that will incur as a result . 
  edit2 : will it apply to otc contracts or just exchange traded instruments ? 
  also that he was ` like well safe ' because he had just been on a three day bender . 
  that anarchist sounded like an ideologically confused bellend . 
  he does n't really give a shit about anything as long as he gets to smash some shit up . 
  do n't confuse uk sentiment with other european sentiment , it 's often very different . 
  with libya , the germans completely disassociated themselves from it , the italians and the maltese were more concerned with refugees and the uk and france were forced to go cap-in-hand to america to sort out the mess anyway . 
  ( barack obama complaining about leading from behind . ), 
  european military strength is completely based off the french and british but it is small and provincial . 
  the us 6th fleet by itself is probably more powerful than the whole european navy put together . 
  it is also hugely fragmented and europe 's long recent history has given different countries much different sets of obligations . 
  there is also the problem that command structures in different nations are not equivalents . 
  the british army has a very high proportion of graduate officers , the french forces less so whilst other european countries ( lacking the same military history and honour involved with being in the armed forces ) do n't have anything similar . 
  that would be completely pointless as only the uk , french and scandinavian populations have shown any inclination to military intervention recently . 
  the germans would say no . 
  for it to work the germans would have to be prepared to pay for a reasonable share of the defence costs , would have to be prepared to put their troops in harms way and would have to be prepared to commit troops to war . 
  otherwise it would just be another bi-lateral anglo-french military treaty . 
  i do n't understand the logic behind this at all . 
  would the eu care to limit a football agent 's bonus if he just brokered a deal between his client and a top club ? 
  how about a headhunter if he landed an established ceo for a floundering company ? 
  why limit a banker 's bonus if he made millions for his institution the previous fiscal year ? 
  personally , i think it looks delicious . 
  have a look at the viewing figures for ascot , cheltenham and the grand national . 
  it 's hardly fair comparing big international events like the six nations to minor events like the charlie hall chase . 
  2011 8.8m-9 .9 m ( depending on which estimate you use ) people in the uk watched the grand national and about 660m people watched it worldwide . 
  it 's also really difficult to estimate the racing viewership because a significant amount of people watch racing in pubs , sports bars , offices and bookmakers which do n't show up on the viewing figures . 
  actually , the second biggest spectator sport is horse-racing . 
  despite your canadian routes , you appear to have very little knowledge of the uk or the commonwealth . 
  you are a fucking idiot . 
  i agree with you that british former colonies should be given preference in the immigration lottery but lost you after that . 
  cool man , because there are no racist swedes [ are there ? 
  ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2012/apr/18/racism-becoming-the-norm-sweden ) no sense of cultural superiority , no dislike of iraqi refugees ? 
  also if gb is such a shit hole then why is london one of the 10th largest swedish cities ? 
  we actually probably used the dutch evolution of the modern banking system , a huge proportion of the words in english have some form of italian etymology . 
  that is n't a commuter train . 
  well in its current iteration the ira is n't much more than a criminal gang . 
  strange seeing relatively neutral uk news in a paper called the buenos aires herald . 
  it 's not a completely absurd way to measure the danish economy , even the companies that you mentioned are all manufacturing companies . 
  lets apply the same game with the uk . 
  most of the uk world leading companies are london based banks , law firms or accountancy firms . 
  mega-banks , ` big four ' accountancy , or ` magic circle ' law firms . 
  can you honestly tell me that if a dane wanted to be a banker that they 'd stay in copenhagen ? 
  i 'm merely making the point that denmark is n't the informational services or technology country that you seem to think it is . 
  i have no doubt that there are talented small i.t. 
  firms but honestly , do they have any impact really ? 
  denmark 's became rich as a result of trade , be happy . 
  correct me if you like but it was founded in the 1870s after a war in which all the non-danish speaking parts of denmark were annexed by germany . 
  so what you had left was a country that small , homogenous but war torn and broke . 
  the exact same circumstances that in which the uk founded her modern welfare state . 
  it may be difficult to accept , but denmark made her wealth through international trade ( has it never occurred to you why the corporate tax rates are so low or why unlike other similarly sized countries the danes almost universally speak at least english fluently as well ) and has prospered because it is a small , well educate , homogenous country located at an international crossroads between large european trading and manufacturing nations . 
  if you want to give some spiel about transferring from agro-to it fair enough , but ask the man on the street across the world to name five danish companies , and if they could , they would all be either food/brewing or shipping conglomerates with the possible niche exception of fls which is so international it is only passably danish . 
  egalitarian policies are the result of scandinavian wealth , not the cause of it . 
  just out of curiosity , is there a single danish job that is n't either overseas or involved in food or shipping ? 
  well lets face it , there is an obvious choice but it is incredibly hard to learn and is n't european . 
  i read it as mercia and have a mental image of a saxon fighting off hordes of vikings . 
  germany get a free ride . 
  they have all the advantages of having a world kept relatively safe by neighbours and allies with a military capable of projecting power , yet they take none of the responsibility for their own defence . 
  they are even reluctant to properly police areas that they are there to protect . 
  2004 in priznen the german army returned to their barracks in case they were injured whilst the town burnt and nationalists rampaged through the streets . 
  the really frustrating thing is that they are the third largest arms dealers in the world . 
  this is going to be downvoted because it sounds offensive , but the ( old ) stereotype in the uk was that irish people were pail skinned swamp dwellers , relatively amiable when they were n't making bombs , but tended to be drunk and would steal anything that was n't tied down . 
  oh , and they were thick as pigshit . 
  well op ... what do you say to this ? 
  considering that article has been published by several news sources around the world , it just tickled me that he chose one that was obviously american , then added a very american title ( legos ) in order to game karma in an inappropriate sub-reddit . 
   lego is racist . 
  ftfy legos , link to christian science monitor . 
  i take it that you are n't from around here . 
  redditors from europe , can you post facts proving that we will be better off if we remain in the eu ? 
  there 's too much dogma from what i read here . 
  i want some facts , not some half backed arguments or some strange metternichian diplomatic oddity that claims only countries in federations have some kind of world presence . 
  i would also like you show me the numbers proving that we get more monetary gain back due to the advantages of eu membership . 
  if possible try to exclude the slightly inflating influence of the rotterdam effect . 
  redditors of germany , please explain which of your sectors that would would think would be better run by spanish or greek politicians and bureaucrats . 
  transport , banking , agriculture ? 
  finally , redditors of germany , how much are you on the hook for other countries financial profligacy ? 
  really , i want to read some numbers . 
  tl : dr version is basically the government is emphasising cuts despite public spending still rising . 
  do n't worry about it , he is a swp whipping boy . 
  pretty sure that when i read die spiegel or el pais i get the same caricature as i do in the english press . 
  no , it 's merely the currency of the eu which all new members have to join . 
  an insignificant fall ( 1 % ) due partially to the fact that a university degree in the uk is no longer a free visa .
