you 're forgetting that alex salmond argued that hbos should not have been sold to lloyd 's and that scotland would have been able to afford the # 100bn to prop it up . 
  rbs is a much larger bank with a much larger scope ( at one point it was 250 times the size of the scottish economy ) . 
  you 're also forgetting that mr salmond 's encouragement was a major reason why rbs to bought abn-amro . 
  that deal alone would have cost scotland just under # 4k per man woman and child to underwrite . 
  these figures are enormous especially considering scotland only has a population of just over 5m people of which only ~ 3.5 m are of working age . 
  i could n't think of a better name so i said the new uk in order to make the differentiation as calling the new country britain or england would have been inaccurate too . 
  i suppose the england , wales and northern ireland federation would be more accurate . 
  the icelandic banks also operated outside of iceland yet when they collapsed it was the icelandic government 's responsibility to try and save them . 
  it 's the same world wide . 
  if the scots had been independent in 2007 they would be completely bankrupt now as both hbos and rbs imploded spectacularly . 
  there is simply no way that the world 's financial markets would have been willing or able to lend them enough money to bail them out . 
  that 's a significant hurdle to overcome particularly as the plan for separation places a burden on edinburgh to make money as a financial centre alongside their oil . 
  the grim reality is that were they independent , the way their economy is currently set up would mean that they would be vulnerable to being battered by economic forces far stronger than they could resist ( oil prices or financial stresses ) . 
  i was being slightly flippant earlier and i believe that the scots are free to vote for independence , that 's their prerogative . 
  however they and the united kingdom generally are much stronger as a combined force . 
  so 10 % , around # 4000 per person . 
  that would be fine too . 
  although naturally with london now owning 90 % of the bank it would be scandalous if it were n't moved down to the ( new ) uk . 
  you guys are welcome to go alone if you cough up the # 187bn it cost us to bail out rbs . 
  so do you want advice about how to work under a tourist visa ( you ca n't / do n't ) or have you got all of that sorted already ? 
  just proves that money ca n't buy class . 
  yeah , that 's rough . 
  anyway hope it 's not all too bad . 
  if you 're envious about salary then might i suggest that london is probably quite a bad place to be !, 
  hope you 're enjoying it . 
  do n't know why , but always find it strange that brussels has such a dark side to it . 
  i have lived in london my entire life , wandered around estates in vauxhall and clapham late at night , and visited friends in finsbury park , stockwell and brixton yet i had never been mugged , hit or had anything untoward happen until i visited naples for two days whilst inter-railing . 
  with nine million people in a city there are bound to be rough areas , but if you stay out of the really grotty bits you should be absolutely fine . 
  the same applies for pretty much every other major city in world . 
  whilst i was backpacking round europe the serbs i met warned me that budapest was far more dangerous than it seemed . 
  i 'm a middle class brit who 's never been in trouble with the law yet i was repeatedly hit by policeman wielding truncheons during my brief stay there . 
  safe almost certainly , safest almost certainly not . 
  can someone explain to me why the data is a mixture of 2010 and 2013 figures ? 
  it may take a few months to accurately calculate gdp figures but the rest is available instantly . 
  well either the club pays - in which case psg are going to have an even greater problem with ffp than they previously had , or the players pay in which case it will be practically impossible to attract top talent without paying them even higher salaries . 
  game of thrones is based on the war of the roses . 
  the wall is hadrians wall . 
  you have a very warped concept of what rich is . 
  you also seem to believe that punishing people who 've worked hard , scrimped and saved , and acted sustainably and responsibly is somehow a good course of action . 
  the emotive rhetoric :  people living on the streets in europe !!!, 
  reminds me of student politics at my left-wing uni . 
  allowed the zloty to float ? 
  looks like they 've kept it in a very narrow band a la the erm , other than in 2007 when the financial system blew up and it would have been unaffordable to keep the exchange rates around 0.24-0 .26 pln-eur . 
  the exchange rate did n't change that much during a 2011 that so much financial shit hit the fan that the swiss were forced to pin the franc to the euro in order to devalue it . 
  you can make any difference look massive if you fuck around with the presentation and the scale on the right hand side presents the currency like none i have ever seen before . 
  jesus christ , i 'm a british eurosceptic and thus this should be playing to my prejudices and yet i think that this article is a complete pile of shit . 
  are you being serious man ? 
  we [ ed ] here in the reddit community do n't place any truck by such transient concepts as copyright . 
  ideas are outside the human sphere man , how can you copyright something that is n't a real and tangible ? 
  copyright is an idea and ideas are something that we can only glimpse at through a veil of poetic language once we have constructed overly long sentences that we think sound adroit but actually consists of us using words that are slightly wrong because we misused an online thesaurus and paragraphs that are complete non-sequiturs despite our insistence that inoffensive debating techniques are somehow logical fallacies . 
  edit : just read this back and even in the context it was written ( i.e. 
  contentless wordy noise ) i think this is shit . 
  i wish someone had explained this to me before . 
  i always thought the obfuscating , often marxist papers , i had to read for my politics degree were badly written because the arguments were constructed ( and data was misused ) in order to reach a pre-made conclusion or meta-ethic that fitted their prejudice rather than the other way round . 
  if i 'd know how that was how you were meant to attack a topic it would have made my degree much easier . 
  whoever said that there are `` lies , damned lies and statistics '' , should be shown this comment forthwith . 
  no idea how you came to the conclusion but i agree with it wholeheartedly . 
  despite that this might open me up to accusations of xenophiba from our friend here , i would guess that his anti-german sentiment might come from a fear that they might turn off the money-taps ( transfers of wealth ) to his homeland bulgaria . 
  alternatively it 's quite possible it 's because germany does n't want them in schengan , possibly a fear that germany might no-longer write an open cheque to any corrupt or mismanaged economy . 
  whatever the reason i would n't be worried about being accused of offensive rhetoric . 
  whilst i do n't agree with his premise , that was definitely a war fought about territory and resources . 
  no i did n't , i admitted my mistake to jimmy17 . 
  edit : judging by your response i think you 're probably a pathetic loser with a persecution complex though . 
  fair enough , i stand corrected . 
  german is n't an ethnicity . 
  i 'd much rather borrow interest free from the government than ask my parents for a loan . 
  ** the article in full ** it 's by sam fleming , the times economics editor one of the eurozone 's smallest members has been let down and cypriots will feel it has lost credibility , an academic claims in insisting on the deposit raid the eurozone has let down one of its smallest and most defenceless members -- and for a sum of money that is `` a rounding error '' in eu terms , a leading cypriot economist has warned . 
  christopher pissarides , a nobel prize-winning academic based at the london school of economics , told the times that the overall bailout package agreed on saturday may put cyprus 's public finances on a more sustainable footing by putting the level of public debt to gdp at 100 per cent . 
  but this came at a serious cost , he warned . 
  `` as far as cypriots are concerned , and greeks i guess , the eurozone has lost credibility . 
  they feel let down . 
  after all cyprus did not try to exploit low interest rates to spend and spend . 
  the root cause of the problem is that cypriot banks were heavily invested in greek bonds and when the greek haircut arrived they could not absorb it . 
  so the greek troika caused the problem , and then came to punish the innocent cypriot saver with another hit on top . '' professor pissarides expected the decision to provoke a flight from cyprus by foreign holders of large deposits , but that small savers had few alternatives to local banks so they may have to keep their savings in existing accounts . 
  holders of deposits below $ 30,000 should have been exempted from the deal , he argued . 
  `` how can you go back to the people and tell them that this has helped the stability in the eurozone ? 
  it has let down one of its small and powerless members and this causes uncertainties and instabilities in the future . 
  and all for $ 5.8 billion -- about as big as a rounding error in the eurozone . '' the problem , professor pissarides argued , was that the alternative rescues offered to the cyprus government were even less palatable than the one that is now being put to a vote in the country 's parliament . 
  `` it will be interesting to see what happens in spain and italy this week , '' he said . 
  `` this shows that the imf in particular is planning to be very tough in its rescue packages and they know how to hurt . '', 
  why would you post this ? 
  so no response then ... 
  no one else was confused . 
  because : a ) what they are doing is fundamentally keynesian , a doctrine which can be very very very ( ad infinitum ) briefly be summed up in under 10 words as `` spending in the bad and saving in the good . '', 
  b ) germans engaged in keynsian economic stimulus which consisted of : $ 480 billion for ailing banks , $ 115 billion for financially weakened companies and $ 80 billion for two programs to stimulate the domestic economy . 
  they are now trying to create a buffer/surplus . 
  c ) assuming keynes in it 's entirety is correct is a conceit at best when economics is basically the sum total of human interaction , fear and hope . 
  it can only ever be an aid . 
  d ) you appear to have some kind of ideological chip on your shoulder about the unimportance of debt or structural deficit when recent european history has shown how much of a danger it can be . 
  i suspect that you do n't fully understand why debt aversion and an anti-inflationary tendency is hardwired into the german central bankers ' mindsets . 
  e ) fundamentally it 's arrogant to assume that you know better than the german central bankers when they have had such a phenomenal run of form over the last 50 years . 
  it is breathtaking that you would claim `` sounds like someone misinterpreted some small part of keynesian econ and threw the whole book out '' about the bundesbank . 
  you are completely right . 
  the cautious anti-inflationary policies ( which were both debt and spending adverse ) from the post-war and post-inflationary period bundesbank really screwed the german economy for most of the latter-half of the 20th century . 
  the germans have never been able to manage their economy well and thank god you , garglemyballs , have manage to ignore lies in the so called `` stats '' or `` historical trends '' or `` quality of living data '' and pointed that out . 
  get off your high horse . 
  sorry man , one more question . 
  where are you flying from ? 
  east coast or west coast ? 
  europe is quite a bigger than you think , eurorail passes are for a month and your visa will expire in three .
