  its the disease of the uninformed not the low income ( though the two arent mutually exclusive ) . 
  a kilo of rice and a bag of frozen vegetables costs about as much as one meal at a fast food place and will last the better part of the week . 
  it 's not a michelin star experience but then again neither is fast food . 
  eating well is the way to go , it 's basically impossible to out exercise a bad diet . 
  we have a problem with people drastically under estimating the amount of calories they take in and greatly overestimating the amount they burn off with exercise . 
  and thats just obese , if we throw overweight people in there , then fat people are probably already a majority almost everywhere . 
  france surprises me though , unexpectedly high . 
  well if you 're going to be a model , might as well be a top one . 
  who sets out to be a mediocre model as their goal ? 
   anything sung in french , with the `` r '' that roll a bit and an accordion in background music . 
  bonus if the videoclip is in black and white . 
  good theory , lets test it out . 
  [ this feels french ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asuunz2kqpm ) [ this works as well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sr6gl_jw8hg ) [ very french ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tj6kyfamt8 ) [ still works even with newer stuff ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1p_lycrm0g8 ) theory confirmed . 
  anything sung in french sounds quintessentially french . 
  especially with a black & white background . 
  dont you dare judge me by how i dress or look . 
  just because i am a 190cm mountain of muscles with a magnificent beard , tailored 3 piece suit and can parallel park my bmw immaculately does n't mean i am a man !, 
  ill let you know that i identify as a trans lesbian disabled mentally ill womyn of colour . 
  check your privilege !, 
  meh , all she would need to do is walk up to the disgusting white devil and yell `` rape ! '', 
  before she starts hitting him . 
  because that 's where the prettiest girls are from . 
  well for example , women have been free to try out for the us navy seals since 2013 and many have tried . 
  it 's just that so far no woman has been able to pass the physical standards and considering that most men cant pass them either it 's highly unlikely that women ever will . 
  [ trying to take away alcohol from europeans ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fopyrhhlt3m ), 
   not really ? 
  women do not have privilege within society , so you ca n't tell someone who does n't have privilege to check it . 
  good effort , it took me up to here to figure out that you 're trolling . 
  appealing to a higher level wont work since the kind of people that are modding these subs ( srs , offmychest is their satelite sub ) are the same kind people that are running reddit . 
  this is perfectly reasonable , they just want to keep any stray russian submarines from the city streets . 
  jews are a wildcard in social justice , they can be white or not depending on what best suits your argument . 
   spas , the world 's oldest peace organisation , says the ` singing sailor ' is a much more cost-effective method of protecting against russian submarines than the swedish navy 's ongoing series of unsuccessful patrols and searches . 
  they say worlds oldest peace organisation but what they actually mean is comedy troupe right ? 
  well , `` comedy '' . 
  well not with that attitude !, 
  the last time around when this came up people got very offended that other people thought that what was at the first thought a neat idea turned out to be rather inefficient and poorly thought out if you started thinking about it a bit more seriously . 
  hilarity ensued . 
  and when i say hilarity i mean hissy fits . 
  oh boy , this bullshit again . 
  its a map pushing for a political agenda , of course its wrong . 
  cant manipulate people if you dont design it in such a way to be wrong . 
  ah yes , i think our music vulture organisation has the same rule . 
  because there have been cases where indie bands that are not on a label , that do n't even sell their songs , that are literally doing it for the art , got billed for playing their own stuff . 
  the best part of it comes right after the chuckle when a really short guy in the lead is trying so hard to march fast enough to not get trampled by the much taller soldiers behind him while trying to maintain an air of dignity . 
  well i guess that would get rid of traffic problems since it would price out a vast majority of people . 
  i vaguely remember that when we tried a scheme that made using the motorways more expensive for foreigners the eu stepped in and put a stop to that rather quickly . 
  of course , we are an insignificantly small country so it doesnt take much to smack us around , germany is another matter . 
  just a wild guess , but i would say over 30 . 
  usually when people get pissy about bmi its because they are either overweight or obese . 
  rules of online dating : if there are no bodyshots -  fat if you cant see collarbones -  fat if any sort of weird angle is being used -  fat if the picture shows 2 or more people -  its the fat one . 
   that said , you also have to be a special kind of silly to go blindfolded into a dark alley to have sex with an unknown guy you 've only talked with on some dubious internet board . 
  i know someone is going to get their panties in a bunch and call that victim blaming but seriously , how monumentally stupid does one have to be to agree to that arrangement ? 
  and then in some cases [ they value them more ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/science-and-technology/21648632-recruitment-academic-scientists-may-be-skewed-surprising-way-unfairer ) . 
  with discriminatory laws done away with you 're dealing with situations and biases on an individual level and you cant legislate those away . 
  if you try ( with quotas for example ) you 're only creating more resentment and doubt in the system . 
  i have to doubt about your claims about the high levels of sexual assault as well . 
  i 'm not saying it doesnt happen but after decades of bad laws , activism and fudging of statistics i doubt anyone can claim with any sort of authority what the actual numbers really are . 
  the women around me started up like i did . 
  children born to working class parents in a socialist country . 
  we were all privileged with the same free education opportunities and that 's about it , we were free to make our own futures . 
  the only things standing in their ( our ) way were ambition , motivation and work ethic . 
  some went on to become doctors , lawyers and teachers , others did n't . 
   i do n't know why you are accusing me of ignoring men , i 've talked a whole lot about men 's issues in this thread . 
  it 's something i think a lot about . 
  as i said previously , was working and not reading the thread , just responding from the mailbox every once in a while . 
  it 's usually a safe bet . 
   what did they say that was sexist ? 
  you cant be sexist towards men . 
   you have some pretty outdated views on men and women , acting like biology is the be all and end all of gender is a bit naive . 
  works well enough . 
   there are a lot of people out there in positions of power that treat women ( and minorities ) badly . 
  irrelevant , people in positions of power tend to treat anyone who is not in their immediate social circle badly . 
  women and minorities are not special in that regard . 
   just look at a history book , women had to fight hard to be guaranteed te freedom they have today . 
  just like men . 
  well not just like men , men went out to get hacked , stabbed , sliced and shot on the battlefields for their freedoms but i digress . 
  history was not kind to anybody . 
  if you were n't at the top you got treated like shit and most men , like most women , were not at the top . 
   i do n't think you 're a bad guy , it 's just that alot of this shit is hidden from view because it 's unpleasant to talk about . 
  what 's one more unpleasantness . 
   i do n't really like the term toxic masculinity , though i 've found some interpretations of masculinity are toxic . 
  telling jokes is n't generally but it depends on the joke i guess ? 
  there was the infamous donglegate that cause a shitstorm and a debate on toxic masculinity over two silly tech jokes . 
   going around being like `` make me a sandwich lol '' is n't really original or funny . 
  its funny in the same way dad jokes are funny . 
  it 's funny because its not . 
  anyway , i dont want to police what one is allowed to find funny or not . 
   like i said some guys genuinely think that way about women , we should n't encourage that kind of attitude if it 's harming others . 
  yes , we call them shitheads , cunts , dicks ... nobody likes those people . 
  saying that , a guy being mean to his so is frowned upon . 
  a girl being mean to her so is thought as funny . 
   more generally the toxic forms are when guys are shamed for showing weakness or emotion or stuff like that . 
  if it was just guys shaming guys i would probably agree , but since one is likely to get flak from both sexes on these kind of things it 's more cases of people being dicks regardless of who the target is . 
  i 'll check the guy out , but first impressions are important , and he does n't give off a good one . 
  no , am working , answering questions during short tea breaks . 
  probably nothing i have n't seen before . 
  you seem to assume that i do n't support feminism because i just have n't read enough about it . 
  try to entertain the thought that i have actually read and heard a lot about it and i simply disagree with it enough that i reject the label . 
  and you dont even have to be a man to do so , [ plenty of women say the same ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/04/16/feminism-poll_n_3094917.html ) i even went trough the trouble and found a feminist sympathetic news source to my claim to avoid any cries of bias .
