  damn it , i read that as military machines and i was ready to write a long post about how i adore the styling of the su-27 but it 's all moot now :(, 
  we should add a trial by combat as a requirement to enter and graduate the university . 
  for students and professors alike . 
  it 's actually just a pillow fight but thats enough to weed out the weak , special snowflakes that get triggered by reading bad words and ideas they disagree with . 
  many proficient german tank drivers are just one tank simulator 2017 away . 
  hey it worked for reddit . 
  after they banned r/fatpeoplehate nobody on reddit disliked fat people any more !, 
  well , that 's kind of what you get when you provoke a fight with russia . 
  georgia was lucky that they provided so little challenge to the russians that the russian military got bored with the counter invasion and turned back home to try something harder than curbs topping georgia . 
  . . presumably to steal candy from a baby . 
  `` walking trough ny with a resting bitch face '' or something like that . 
  i 've learned not to trust any videos like that since one can not know how it was edited . 
  a functioning democracy would in theory require a well informed populace . 
  since apparently nobody can agree on just what the consequences of each choice is , the population probably is n't that well informed on the issue . 
  add the guardian to that list, 
  in the [ immortal words of george carlin ] ( https://youtu.be/8rh6qqsmxns?t=35s ), 
  entitlement ? 
  to dress according to ones local culture norms in ones own country of birth and residency ? 
  you are oppressing us by belonging to a historically oppressive christian religion ( if you 're an atheist you 're even worse ) , convert to the religion of peace now infidel or suffer the consequences !, 
  also , as a bonus for converting you do n't even need to wait until you martyr yourself for your virgins , as penance for being mean towards those that were accidentally not white while breaking one of our culturally intollerant laws we will ~ ~ ask ~ ~ demand of our racist police force to look the other way while you have your way with the infidel white girls/boys/children . 
  they are quite used to doing that so it should n't be a problem . 
  so you 're telling me that a respected nobel laureate did n't actually go out of character and started dropping misogyny bombs at a event for women in science ? 
  well who would have fucking thought that that would be the case . 
  and an almost endless supply of rakija . 
  theoretically yes , but try explaining to feminists how great getting rid of all gender based laws and policies would be , the equal pay laws , violence against women laws , stuff like that . 
  i mean i 'm all for crossing those laws out of the legal book , but as u/vorxil said , feminists would have a field day with that . 
  he is dissing your chavs . 
   why do you want to tell them how to live their life ? 
  well some of them want to tell him under threat of death how to live his life . 
  `` dont offend us or we will kill you ! '', 
  so why wouldnt he mock those barbaric beliefs ? 
  thats tough , im a sucker for big cities , theres something in each that i absolutely adore . 
  paris is one of the cities i return to the most but since it was mentioned already let me throw something else out there . 
  * belgrade * . 
  there is just something about it . 
  hostile . 
  i know , that 's what would make the whole thing so good !, 
  sure , they could go with a new ferrari , lambo or an aston martin , but they like those cars . 
  it 's much more entertaining if they cross russia in something that makes them miserable :d, 
  i so wanted this to be a top gear special at some point . 
  the three cross russia , lets say from murmansk to vladivostok , in old soviet cars ( clarkson would have to be in a gaz chaika ) . 
  not going to happen now i guess , damn you bbc !, 
  as every other year , i plan on hitting as many summer festivals as time and finances allow . 
  since [ `` life celebration '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krtk04uz1us&amp;feature=youtu.be ) is skipping a year apparently , [ `` future nature '' ] ( http://www.futurenaturefestival.com/?reload=true ) is the go go festival of the year for me . 
  thats what you get for being so open minded that your brain falls out . 
  thats how gender studies majors are made . 
  come on vacation to montenegro , your car is already here . 
  personally i prefer listening to jungle rather than living in one , 
  i buy all of my music on cds , i simply prefer to own a physical copy . 
  also i need some crap to fill up the shelves in my living room and cds fill that space nicely , previously i used flowers for that purpose and my living room looked like a damn jungle . 
   just inefficient oh stop being so german about it, 
   has there been some kind of legitimate study about people ( who specifically rip their cds ) causing a material financial loss to the music industry ? 
  why obviously , if you dont buy the same piece of music separately for use on your phone , your car , your computer , your home sound system , your alternative mp3 player that you use while exercising ... you 're robbing the poor record labels of their well deserved money !, 
  money is quite different than asylum seekers on several key points . 
  for one thing , people actually care about money . 
  guardian posts yet another article on `` sexism '' and `` the patriarchy '' . 
  in other shocking news , water is wet . 
  rice and bags of frozen vegetables are cheap , can be bought in bulk , arent full of conserving and fill you up much better then some pre prepared high sodium crap . 
  or alternatively one could check the recommended portion size on the back on the pre prepared food and see that a whole frozen pizza is not a serving size for one . 
  if ones goal is to not get fat , how much calories you take in is the only thing that is important , what you eat becomes relevant if you want to eat healthy . 
  which junk food isnt anyway so its a moot point . 
  my credit card is ready !, 
  it took me a few seconds to realise that it was n't vin diesel on that shirt . 
  though if they plan to have less gaudy stuff at reasonable prices i might check it out if one opens up nearby . 
  i wonder if i could pick up a spare mig ? 
  what is he supposed to do ? 
  learn how to be a world class surgeon in the next 15 minutes , go there and perform a miracle `` here 's the use of your legs back '' surgery ? 
  put cameras in obese peoples homes , record what they actually eat vs what they claim they eat . 
  [ make it into a tv show ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byjrc3rttgq ), 
  not even that they are pushed . 
  it has been found that , ironically enough especially in countries like sweden where for the sake of argument there is about as perfect gender equality as one can hope , the inconvenient and politically incorrect truth is that women simply chose not to pursue the same careers as hard and as in many numbers as men . 
  and i cant blame them , the choice between flexible hours and a family or working 60 to 80 hour weeks for some corporate overlords is not particularly hard one . 
  the thing is , when dealing with hr staff i found it to be overwhelmingly female . 
  so the ones that supposedly do n't hire enough women are other women . 
  they do offer a public service though , they do stupid shit so they can act as a warning to others . 
  that 's way to complicated for feminists to understand though . 
  they are perfect for people who just want a car . 
  they are reasonably priced and come with a warranty , for someone that only needs something to get them from a to b and then back to a every day they are all the car they need . 
  then there are people thjat buy an old alfa or a bmw for 1/10th the price of a new dacia , then spend twice the cost of the dacia fixing the old car up when it goes wrong . 
  i may be one of those people . 
  i bought an old alfa , not the wisest financial decision in my life . 
  cars are still cool , but the cool ones are rather expensive . 
  even the quirky small french hatchbacks :(, 
  ~ ~ winter ~ ~ summer is coming . 
  that means plenty of awesome music festivals along the adriatic coast . 
  the same fine ladies from [ another angle ] ( http://mybrownnewfies.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/hungry_hungry_hippos.jpg ), 
  i have both of those in those exact colours . 
  matching the strap on the watch to the belt . 
  i love the attention to details . 
  well sure but that is a bit of a special case though . 
  in your case it was kind of your job to be in top physical condition , but for people that take in an extra 1000 calories daily from soda and other assorted sugary drinks alone , an hour a day , three to four days a week at the gym wont produce the desired miracle . 
  i said better part of the week but fair enough , even if you double the amount i said and include a carton of eggs for some delicious and cheap protein you come out at a significantly lower cost per meal . 
  and i wont even try to argue about the healthy diet . 
  what i proposed was a significantly cheaper option , not a healthier one . 
  if the diet is going to be bad regardless and you 're on a tight budget it 's fiscally irresponsible to go for the more expensive fast food one because the one you make yourself isnt totally healthy either . 
  as long as you live with a roof over your head you have access to at least a makeshift kitchen or communal kitchen . 
  and if you do n't , then you 're so far below the poverty line that you mostlikely do n't have the money for any food , let alone fast food . 
  in which case you cant afford to eat enough to get fat anyway . 
  depends , do you look similar to [ this ] ( http://www.muscleandfitness.com/sites/muscleandfitness.com/files/styles/full_node_image_1090x614/public/arnold-olympia.jpg?itok=pogsx1qj ) ? 
  at his height ( 6 ' 2 ) and competition weight ( 230-240 ish ) thats still under 32 bmi .
