  now we need fat mannequins so that the ever growing and expanding population of fat people dont feel bad about themselves when they walkl past a shop window . 
  to not be fat is a ridiculous standard ? 
  well these days i guess it is . 
  well ok then , that still doesnt make it a fat skeleton . 
  it will be like a few months back when [ an ad was banned because a model had a thigh gap ] ( http://www.adweek.com/adfreak/urban-outfitters-model-photo-was-banned-because-too-wide-thigh-gap-162204 ) . 
  we are coming to a point where being overweight has become the new norm so when a normal or a skinny person shows up people don know how to handle it . 
   yes there is . 
  some people are literally wider than others . 
  even if they got to 1 % body fat a person with a wide clavicle is just going to have more bone than somebody who does n't . 
  of course they are wider , they are fatter . 
  fat makes them wide . 
  even extremely morbidly obese people have [ normal ] ( http://nucmedreview.com/cases/muskuloskeletal/wb%20bone%20obese.jpg ) [ sized ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqlgjcizjh1qmxjrg.jpg ) [ skeletons ] ( http://i.imgur.com/g2ts1o5.jpg ) . 
   i weight train . 
  it is more than possible for a beginner to put on 20lbs in one year . 
  that is enough to put you from normal category into obese . 
  if one follows a proper diet they will drop fat as they gain muscle . 
  no one ( who takes training seriously ) goes on a permabulk . 
   bmi is completely inadequate for anything other than judging populations . 
  even then it has problems because it also over reports for taller and under reports for shorter people . 
  as the population gets taller you 'll get a skew towards obese if body fat percentage is get level . 
  and yet if i look at an individual with a bmi outside of the normal range i can immediately asses their risk factors for a myriad of weight related problems so it seems to work perfectly well in that regard . 
  and seeing as how the average height ( for males ) seems to be about 180ish , a height where bmi is pretty damn accurate and gives you a whole 20kg weight range to work with before you drop into under or overweight categories , worrying about a problem that might arise in the future if we still continue to grow taller is not something that is a problem now . 
   fwiw i was in the overweight range before i ever picked up a barbell at 20 % bodyfat . 
  unless you are exceptionally tall ( and therefore an outlier , one of that small percentage of people for whom the bmi isnt accurate ) , that seems [ unlikely ] ( http://cdn.builtlean.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/body-fat-percentage-men.jpg ) . 
   nearly every world class sportsmen is in the overweight category . 
  most rugby players are considered obese under bmi . 
  johnny wilkinson was famously in the obese category at the 2003 world cup . 
  i dont know about rugby , but i just put in the numbers ( that i got off google and wikipedia ) for a few top footballers , alpine skiers , swimmers , gymnasts and runners and from the ones i checked the only two who were ( slightly ) in the overweight range were two american alpine skiers , ted ligety and bode miller , everyone else including usain bolt and michael phelps had a bmi of less than 25 . 
  i would get different numbers if i picked some people from combat sports but even in that case my point still stands . 
  if even world class sportsmen with their wide builds and packed on muscle dont necessarily have to be in the overweight category due to muscle weight , then a hobbyist competior wont be either . 
   right now in the us the overweight category actually has a demonstrably lower risk of death than the normal category . 
  because overweight people visit the doctor more oftenso they have a a higher chance of catching a developing medical issue before it gets to serious . 
  at least that was the case with heart attacks . 
  thats just plain wrong . 
  there is no such thing as a fat skeleton . 
  and most certainly not one that would add so much weight to ones frame that it would push them into the overweight category from the skeletal structure alone . 
  with a few notable exceptions that are so rare that their cases are a legitimate news story ( like [ lizzy vel\u00e1squez ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lizzie_vel%c3%a1squez ) , andre the giant ) everyone can easily get within a healthy bmi range without resorting to anything that would make them become `` very unhealthy '' as you put it . 
  you do n't even have to do any exercise to get within that range , just do n't eat more than you need to . 
  it literally takes less effort to not be fat than to be fat . 
  and you grossly underestimate how much training it takes to build up a high amount of muscle by weight . 
  it 's much more likely that what is pushing someone into the overweight category isnt muscle but fat . 
  when even world class sportsmen dont build up so much muscle that they would be considered overweight because of it , then for a normal person that is even less likely to be the case . 
  bmi is a perfectly adequate tool for quick assessment of a persons weight related risk factors and fitness levels . 
  when it 's accurate for 99 % of the population , it 's anything but useless . 
  if you 're going to argue that bmi is meaningless then that goes both ways . 
  if being overweight by bmi doesnt matter then neither does being underweight . 
  the link doesnt open for me but i would really like to know how they plan to enforce or control this and how fat the person who proposed this was . 
  well its either that or '' * la france a un incroyable talent * '' . 
  and there 's only so much soul crushing cruelty a person can take before they have to turn off the reality talent shows and switch over to some light hearted isis videos . 
  i 'm still looking for a good local british restaurant so i can have a decent curry without the bother of flying to london . 
  except diabetes . 
  or the system worked , but the women havent . 
  it 's great isnt it . 
  they basically admit that they tried to get women into politics , but they just werent interested . 
  so now they will get dragged into politics whether they like it or not !, 
  it 's just the greatest thing ever !, 
  i found out about jimmy carr from top gear when he did his first siarpc and then youtube happened and people started to upload panel shows there and i 've been hooked ever since . 
  great british bake off 8 out of 10 cats 8 out of 10 cats does countdown, 
  such a shame that this is his last season :(, 
  man , everyone is getting so jumpy after paris , i 'll have to take care that the next time i 'm out of the country i dont accidentally politely ask someone if they can move out of the way a little bit in slovenian least i be mistaken for a terrorist since the phrases sound rather similar . 
  there is no racist like a progressive racist . 
  well if we are making a lost of things that should n't be criticised to avoid offending people that are too sensitive then i have a couple of things to add to the list . 
  or we could just continue with nothing added no one being above criticism . 
  even if people get offended by it . 
  her `` doctorate '' was on twilight . 
  that should explain everything you need to know about that person . 
  as if going after our free speech and satire was n't enough , now they are coming for our music , our football and presumably our booze . 
  what more is it going to take before someone finally says enough . 
  i think it 's nice , it shows that they are adapting to our culture . 
  if your neighbor gets something new ( car/fence ) , you need to get it as well , whether you need it or not . 
  though if either fence blocks the route to the bevog brewery there are going to be riots . 
  if only they only caused kids to go on mass shootings , that would have been fine , but these days they apparently also cause misogyny !, 
  much bigger problem . 
  you can walk off a bullet wound but getting male gaze causes ptsd . 
  well , the van will probably break down less so your friend will be done with the errands much faster . 
  [ you 're god damn right there is !, 
  [ rule 34 ] ( http://www.fullyclothedsex.com/tube.php ) . 
  highly nsfw obviously . 
  because diesels are not in low demand ? 
  i still enjoy the old hollywood stuff but i find anything new almost completely unwatchable . 
  dont know why i just cant stand it any more . 
  the title writes itself . 
  11 reasons why the jews attacked a buzzfeed journalist in paris ( you wont believe the 9th one !, 
  france or austria . 
  preferably france . 
  well they are all fat , of course they are offended by slim models . 
  but , to quote bill burr , those poor stay at home mothers , breaking their backs putting dvds into dvd players , how do they do it ? 
  how do they find the strength ? 
  i mean i can see why they would much rather spend 40 hours per week plus an additional 20 hours per week of mandatory unpaid overtime that stay at home watching what is , if facebook memes posted by friends with kids is anything to go by , their absolutely most favourite person in the whole world . 
   and that 's not quite due to discrimination or physical build or whatever ... there 's no reason why there should only be 5 % to 10 % or so of female software/electronics engineers . 
  it 's a mystery to me why this is still the case in 2015 , i 'm afraid . 
  apparently the more equal the position of women in a society is , the less likely they are to choose to bother with stem fields or climbing the corporate ladder . 
  theres a fairly interesting [ documentary on the subject ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5lrdw8xw70 ) that is inevitably posted in threads like this . 
  there have been studies done that show that as women work more and earn more and get `` more equal '' to men in their workplace their happiness level actually goes down . 
  if i didnt have to wake up in 6 hours to go to work i would have searched for them since im pretty sure that i have them bookmarked somewhere . 
  but yes , at this time ( i wont claim how it was in the past ) the pay gap is a myth . 
  if there is still a difference in pay somewhere it 's explained as a result of personal choices as near as makes no difference 100 % of the time and not some sort of discrimination . 
  men dont take time off work to have babies so they get mroe experience , get paid more and have more chance of promotion . 
  seems fair to me . 
  i 'm aware , but the others are merely extensions of the xx/xy are n't they ?
