half naked !, 
  he has his swimming shorts on !, 
  thats because he is [ martin strel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martin_strel ) and thats his work uniform . 
  50.000 is not an insignificant number of people , but for some perspective , over here in a country with 1/5 of the population of moscow , about 20.000 people turned up to protest speed cameras being put up . 
  50.000 is not insignificant , but it doesnt seem that much either all things considering . 
  disabled mentally ill trans otherkin women of colour come first i think , then you go down down down the list until you reach straight cis white men at the very end . 
  whom you kill for being the oppressors . 
  well we are saturated with american media because they make so much of it and at such a pace that it drowns out most locally produced stuff . 
  in recent memory it would probably have to be [ tina maze ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tina_maze ) curbstomping all competition and smashing all sorts of records in the 2012/2013 fis alpine skiing world cup . 
  of course not santa is not real . 
  everyone knows that it 's [ grandpa frost ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ded_moroz#former_yugoslavia ) that brings gifts !, 
  depends , am i in a hurry ? 
  also i 'm doubtful of how long this free fill ups will last if eventually there is a massive shift towards electric and suddenly all that income from petrol taxes goes away . 
  if i had to bet on whether there will be a special tax on charging your electric car i would go with yes on that . 
  and then you lose the price advantage but are still stuck with unacceptably long charge times and insufficient range . 
   i certainly could make alternative arrangements for those longer trips , but that 's a bit of a pain . 
  the thing being , those longer trips are exactly the times where you would want to be driving your own comfortable luxury car . 
  but instead , here 's a rental diesel vw golf ( or a van ) because that can actually get you to your destination within reasonable time . 
  yes i do realise that , that is why i said below average , comparing it to the range of ice cars . 
  which have the added advantage of being filled up in a matter of minutes not hours ( an hour if a supercharger conveniently happens to be on your way and not occupied with other people waiting an hour to charge ), 
  there 's a difference though between deep frying chips and deep frying a mars bar . 
  it 's why it ok to make fun of americans deep frying a stick of butter . 
  what are you driving that has less than 420km range ? 
  one of those shelby mustangs ? 
  not to mention below average range and unacceptably long fill up times . 
  one of those two faults ( preferably both ) need to be sorted out before the drop in convenience will be worth it . 
  hey !, 
  you better not kick us out if we decide to leave !, 
  with gas prices being what they are i 'm betting a lot of people everywhere would n't care if the new diesel passat used kittens as fuel , as long as it costs less to fill up and goes further on each tank . 
  it 's more like our ability to perceive what is normal and what is overweight is being messed with by the sheer number of overweight people . 
  they dont look that fat because they are n't the outliers that they used to be , . 
  i highly doubt a significant enough percent of the population of any european country is hitting the gym hard and often enough to skew the bmi data with their swoleness . 
  the majority are simply too fat . 
  come on , this is an excellent opportunity to see which of them are able to adapt and which are not . 
  let them go trough munich , those that come out on the other side drunk and full of sausage and schnitzel can stay , the rest get sent back . 
  saw an interview with one ( woman of all things ) on the news last night . 
  the reporter asked her if she thought about staying in slovenia . 
  the response : `` no , i heard that it 's a poor country '' . 
  well off you go then . 
  seriously , it 's a deportation centre not fucking guantanamo . 
  worse , its in the san francisco bay area . 
  wasnt that a dacia sandero ? 
  who would steal a dacia ? 
  maybe james may ... 
  i remember it being reported that during last years ( or was it two years ago ? 
  im bad with dates ) floods , a lot of minefields were simply moved by the flooding so now people have even less of an idea where the mines are likely to be . 
  as if they werent enough of a problem before . 
  [ they need to take a page out of putins book ] ( http://static.bz-berlin.de/data/uploads/multimedia/archive/00418/putin-nackt-protest_418293a-730x432.jpg ) . 
  the only appropriate reaction to a femen topless protest . 
  well femen are known for being notorious attention whores and they got attention so they fulfilled their primary mission . 
  good on them for pointing out that such a conference was going on but their methods leave a lot to be desired . 
   you look like a retard . 
   gee , who looked like lunatics both . 
  [ one has to wonder where people get the impression that feminists are their own spin-off of intolerant fundamentalists ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2z1hgz6.jpg ), 
  `` you 're a feminist whether you want to be or not '' is just one of the many things feminists say that makes people do n't like feminists or feminism . 
  yes . 
  if in doubt , rob white christians , preferably men . 
  you would n't want to be racist would you ? 
  you know bbc , the russians ( hell , probably north koreans as well ) would like you a lot more if you brought back top gear instead of propaganda . 
  though its a bit late for that now i guess . 
  thigh gap . 
  the ultimate ~ ~ driving ~ ~ eco machine . 
  does n't really have the same ring to it . 
  they already get negative marks for playing fake engine sounds trough the speakers , this doesnt improve things . 
  oh nuance , i get it now . 
  it 's not censorship when they censor stuff you dont agree with anyway ? 
  well arent you the bastion of tolerance for wanting to segregate those undesirables away in their own little corner when they cant mingle with the decent common folk . 
  if they tolerate you then it would be rather impolite to not extend them the same courtesy . 
  but like i said , saying that someone should rot in underground places is not very tolerant . 
  so let me check if i understood this correctly ... you want the government to hide , delete , maybe persecute some ideas and opinion , and to you that is not censorship of those ideas or opinions ? 
   people like those really should just rot in underground places anyway well arent you the bastion of tolerance, 
  i know you 're not , i 'm just continuing he comment chain . 
  as for the other points , fishing is by probably bloodier from the numbers of dead fish compared to whales alone . 
  and arguing over who needs what to survive will inevitable come down to , we dont need to kill any animals in order to survive . 
  we do it anyway because they taste good . 
  i 'm sure the faroese are very nice persons and all , but for us people who believe that creatures like ~ ~ whales or dolphins ~ ~ fish are non-human persons it 's very painful to read that . 
  sweden +, 
  its not really comparable though is it ? 
  in islam , the punishment for apostacy is deat , the worst evangelicals can come up with is the condescending holier than thou approach of praying for your soul . 
  not really on the same level as hacking someones head off . 
  even scientologists are more unforgiving to those that leave their cult . 
  a german diplomat in a volvo ? 
  clearly a foreign spy . 
  if it was n't for james may i would never try a proper ale and would have gone trough my life being happy with cheap lagers . 
  that man has ruined me because after drinking london ( and golden ) pride , i can never look and and cheap lager the same way again . 
  well he is a man , and its sweden . 
  he would probably also be charged with toxic masculinity ( laughable i know , but it 's sweden ) and enforcing the patriarchy and have the book ( vagina monologues ) thrown at him . 
  there has n't . 
  source , i do n't watch it either . 
  though i will admit i have the loreen song on my phone and i listen to it on occasion . 
  also the last two slovenian entries , while not good are at least inoffensive and at least listenable if you have no other choice but to listen to them ( at least the slovenian version of the 2014 song is tolerable , the english eurovision wintry is fucking awful ) . 
  the timeline is 20 years after the heat death of the universe finally slows down germany enough for others to catch up . 
  and for those that think that the russians are silly for doing so , imagine how accepting of chinese made software/hardware running in their top secret facilities the americans , the british , the germans and well name a country , would be . 
  tourbillons are a bitch to make . 
  hopefully the new giulia will make a decent bump in those numbers . 
  my 156 is getting kind of old now and i want to replace it with something a bit sporty but not german . 
  i can see no posible way for people to work around that , just like those forms on websites that ask you if you are 18 before you can proceed , absolutely no way around it . 
   right move - install all female protection team . 
  [ approves ] ( http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/41333000/jpg/_41333769_gaddafi_thumbsup_203.jpg ), 
  i wanted to say that my favourite french film is a bout de suffle because its a great classic film that i enjoy that deserves to be mentioned , but that would be lying because my favourite french film is actually taxi .
