  october 2015 : `` wtf , eastern europe , you ca n't dump migrants in germany . 
  we 're building a fence now , so take care of the migrants yourselves . '', 
  our politicians like to talk about our `` sacred '' neutrality and how no one in their right mind would attack a scandinavian country in the 21st century , but i would n't be surprised if we woke up one of these days to the news of sweden being quickly fasttracked to a full nato membership , or getting a special protective status . 
  yesterday [ dn ( article in swedish ) ] ( http://www.dn.se/nyheter/sverige/nytt-hot-mot-sverige-holls-hemligt/ ) revealed that the 150 soldiers that were ordered to remain on gotland last week were told to do so because of an increased russian threat to the island . 
  the threat is at the moment still top secret , and a potential russian attack is now described by the swedish commander micael byd\u00e9n as `` one with low likelihood '' , rather than `` unlikely '' . 
  i 'm not especially young , but i think a decade is a fair amount of time on which to base statistics , at least when it comes to societal trends . 
  1916 : two years into wwi . 
  1966 : vietnam war , cultural revolution in china , cold war with multiple nuclear tests this year , the troubles in northern ireland . 
  ( warning , pdf ) [ economics and peace.org ] ( http://economicsandpeace.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/global-terrorism-index-2015.pdf )  terrorist activity increased by 80 per cent in 2014 to its highest recorded level . 
  ( p 6 ) ...  more countries than ever have high levels of terrorism . 
  countries suffering from more than 500 deaths increased by 120 per cent . 
  in 2014 , 11 countries had over 500 deaths while in 2013 only five did . 
  ( p 6 ) ...  since the beginning of the 21st century , there has been a nine-fold increase in the number of deaths from terrorism , rising from 3,329 in 2000 to 32,685 in 2014 . 
  ( p 35 ) see figure 10 on page 37 . 
  [ 211 terrorist attacks carried out eu member states 2015 new europol report reveals ] ( https://www.europol.europa.eu/content/211-terrorist-attacks-carried-out-eu-member-states-2015-new-europol-report-reveals ) from the te-sat 2016 report linked on europol 's site :  the number of attacks slightly increased in 2015 compared to 2014 . 
  a total of 211 failed , foiled or completed attacks were reported by six member states , and almost half of them ( 103 ) by the uk . 
  the attacks resulted in 151 fatalities : 148 in france , two in denmark and one in greece . 
  these figures are markedly higher than those of 2014 , when four people were killed and six wounded . 
  the uk reported the highest number of terrorist attacks ( 103 ) in 2015 , followed by france ( 72 ) and spain ( 25 ) . 
  the number of attacks in france in 2015 increased for the first time , after a continuing decrease in the preceding four years . 
  this increase can be attributed to the jihadist terrorist attacks that the country had to endure , and the occurrence of seven right-wing attacks - the first that have been reported since 2010 . 
  the number of separatist attacks in france continued its downward trend from 125 in 2012 , to 50 in 2015 . 
  in spain , 18 attacks were classified as separatist and seven as left-wing . 
  ( p 10 ) ...  signifcant increase in the number of jihadist attacks , from 4 in 2014 to 17 in 2015 ( p 22 ) ...  signifcant increase in arrests for jihadist terrorism , from 395 in 2014 to 687 in 2015 ( p 22 ) my own conclusion : compared to 1916 or 1966 there are n't as many largescale wars in the world today , and the threat of nuclear annihilation is low , but in the period since social media and handheld devices became popular ( previous decade ) to today the number of terrorist attacks has increased , and 2016 seems like it will be a particularly bad year . 
  so even though our information is getting better , the number of violent incidents in the world is increasing . 
  compared to 1916 or 1966 the current year sure is peaceful , but compare it to any other year in the past decade , or since we became increasingly connected , and you 'll see there 's a spike in violent attacks in europe . 
  smartphones , twitter and live threads were n't introduced recently . 
  we 've had them for a number of years , so in my opinion we 're already past the point where we can see a growing number of violent attacks and contribute it to an increasingly volatile world , rather than the development of new technology . 
  these last couple of days have been crazy here on / r/europe with the vitriol , the accusations and the kneejerk downvoting , so it 's great to see that there 's still possible to have a decent conversation with people who do n't necessarily share one 's views . 
  you have my respect for that . 
  honestly , given the two options i wrote in the last paragraph of my post , i would have much rather preferred it if the uk had stayed in the union , despite all the issues of the past . 
  even if the brexit paves way for tighter integration we 'll still have to deal with the economic uncertainties that resumed this morning . 
  i think in the short term it 's going to be bad for everyone involved . 
  further integration , and a common fiscal union in order to keep the euro going , would be nice , but ultimately i would prefer if we kept the status quo . 
  brexit endangering the union and the benefits of it in my opinion far outweights the positive possibility of more integration between the remaining member states , at least at the moment . 
  as a half-swedish , half-bavarian catholic ( soft ) conservative eu federalist i 'm probably the last person to express what the average swede is feeling ( the other redditor posted the poll numbers ) , but this specific swede thinks brexit was a mistake , and a mistake all of us are going to be feeling for several years . 
  while an exercise in democracy , it was a poor one , as it has left half the country feeling triumphant , and the other robbed , and it was the product of two campaigns where one was based on what now appears to be several lies , and the other on poor enthusiasm as it seemed the status quo would prevail , and it essentially reduced a very complex question to a matter of immigration , which will probably continue to the uk , either from eu states through the eea , commonwealth nations , or both , and independence . 
  the last one i find ( pardon ) outright laughable , because firstly , if the referendum has shown anything , it is that member countries can leave the union if they so choose . 
  there was no shady attempt from eu or the leavers to fudge the numbers or influence the voters in a wrong way . 
  whether the uk will get a worse trade deal after the exit ... well , it is a third party now , and the eu should first and foremost look out for their own . 
  secondly , the uk has always been with one foot in the door , and it has had more privileges and opt-outs than any other member state . 
  i have nothing against british people , but i think as a member of the union , the uk has acted as a selfish bastard on many occasions . 
  here 's a quote from another redditor ( sorry , i did n't copy their name ) about the undemocratic nature of the eu :  that 's not true , and that 's the greatest lie of the leave campaign that they got everyone to believe . 
  you elect your mp of your constituency . 
  same goes for the eu , your whole country votes and its seats in the european parliament are given out to parties proportional to the vote they got . 
  each country gets a number of seats based on population . 
  this is clearly democratic . 
  the european council is made up of democratically elected heads of government of each member-state . 
  seems democratic to me . 
  many people have problems with the european commission ( the executive branch of the eu , with responsibilities similar to a pm or president ) , saying that it is n't democratically elected . 
  yes , you do n't directly vote for your european commissioner , but each state gets one . 
  the democratic country gets to nominate their commissioners , which have to be approved by the democratically elected european parliament and the president of the european commission . 
  the president of the european commission is nominated by the democratically elected european council and approved or vetoed by the democratically elected european parliament . 
  so , the european commissioners are indirectly , but democratically , appointed . 
  the president of the european commission can remove commissioners . 
  i think it 's unnecessary to demand more direct democracy , because if the elections to the ep have shown anything , it is that voter apathy has increased steadily over the years . 
  people just do n't care about these matters , and there 's not much hope they 'll read up on the important questions before an election , if they were given the chance to vote more . 
  would you want voters to elect a person because he promises diffuse things , or because he 's clearly the funniest candidate , or because he was the handsomest one of the lot ( something my grandmother has done on several occasions ) ? 
  in my opinion that 's only a recipe for disaster . 
  i 'm saying all of this as someone who has benefitted greatly from the eu . 
  the erasmus program allowed me to study abroad , where i met my wife , the schengen area allows us to visit her family whenever we want without much planning in advance , and the euro allows us to treat most of europe south of denmark as one country . 
  i can only speak for myself and maybe some other swedes , who have also benefited from erasmus and schengen , but the eu has been an extremely positive influence in my life , and it saddens me when i read how some people would want the union to completely disintegrate , just because they perceive it to be evil and undemocratic . 
  still , i 'm hoping only good will come out of this ordeal , which in my opinion would be if the british parliament decided to ignore the results of the referendum , and if they lost their privileges and opt-outs . 
  if that does n't happen i wish you all the best , and hopefully the departure of one of the more troublesome member states will usher in an era of tighter cooperation and integration on the continent . 
  i 'm just going to leave this nugget of information i borrowed from / u/cellularized :  simple old chap , the eu is undemocratic since the eu elections are n't first past the post , it 's lacking a chamber membership of which is hereditary and the president of the whole thing is n't appointed by a 90 year old german monarch who is also the head of state and church . 
  i can understand that people are scared . 
  i do n't , however , get why they are so eager to post their stories on the internet , where the largest pieces of shit congregate , and on twitter where anonymity is n't always everyone 's priority . 
  and on the internet cowards are more prone to spew their crap . 
  escalation would come from publishing these stories on social media , not from reporting a crime to the police . 
  eh , i do n't in any way or form support the brexit , but there 's some serious thathappened vibe over these posts . 
  all of this should fall under the public order act , yet none of these people called the police or media ? 
  i googled racist incidents that have happened since the referendum , but i have n't found anything . 
  should n't at least the remain side media be eager to jump on incidents like these ? 
  this is currently the juiciest meme on reddit . 
  brilliant . 
  what 's a bit terrifying is the fact that scotland might veto the brexit . 
  i support scotland in their fight for independence , but this would mean they would save the political careers of a clearly nervous boris johnson and his leavers , while further fueling the rage of the people who voted leave towards the scottish and the eu . 
  boris johnson would n't then be propelled to the post of pm with the support of content leavers , but because of the outrage and hatred of the same people . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  but the question is how it can be stopped ? 
  with a positive pr campaign ? 
  people do n't care about the eu unless they can shit on it ( see the parliamentary elections - voter apathy has increased steadily despite the fact that the parliament has gained in power over the years ) . 
  with an european version of the english defamation law ? 
  i think this will only turn more people against what they perceive to be a greedy and evil union . 
  ultimately , it comes down to the politicians themselves . 
  they should be expected to respect the institutions they actually benefit from ( like nigel farage in the ep ) , and at the very least not blatantly lie about the eu . 
  but expecting politicians to act in a respectful manner ? 
  when hell freezes over maybe . 
  with and outsider 's view and limited knowledge of uk politics , i 'd say that after cameron declaring that he would resign and boris johnson seemingly reluctant to announce his candidacy for the post , the chances the uk wo n't leave are somewhat higher now , at least in my book . 
  it 's clear neither side actually expected leave to win . 
  it was a smart move by cameron , though . 
  he could 've stayed and been the responsible leader who initiated the withdrawal from the eu , and gone down in history as the one who messed up a lot of people 's future , but now the responsibility will be with someone else . 
  * if * the economy reacts badly in the near future , whoever steps in after cameron will be the one who plunges the uk further down into the abyss . 
  the new prime minister will have to decide if it 's better to respect what the people have decided , or to choose the safer route and keep the status quo . 
  ultimately , it will be the economy that will decide , but i think it was a smart move by cameron , because if the markets react badly , the blame will be solely with the brexiteers , probably crippling whatever political ambitions they have for uk after the referendum . 
  after yesterday 's initial tumult and after reading some of the articles where leavers regret their vote , where the leaders of the campaign have taken back some of their promises , the talk about scotland , ni and london ( lol ) wanting to secede , i 'm not so sure uk will actually follow through with leaving . 
  i think one of three things will happen : 1 . ), 
  the uk leaves . 
  my money is still on this one . 
  uk does not invoke article 50 and stays in the union , but a. ),
