  loses the benefits and opt outs it has had up to this point , or b. ), 
  both sides agree that business should continue as usual , as the economy is much to important for both uk and the eu . 
  the new pm never invokes article 50 , and a deal with the eu is struck , wherein it 's stated that the uk has the right to invoke the article at a later date , at the initiative of the british government ( or after an additional referendum ) . 
  this third option seems like a silly option , and from a business viewpoint dangerous , as uk would be kept in a limbo , but it would be a way for both sides in this issue to get what they want . 
  the leavers get to save face and get the option to leave when they 've laid the groundwork for new trade deals , and the eu and remainers get to keep the status quo . 
  uk would get a special status with some additional benefits and restrictions , and they would get the right to invoke article 50 sometime in the future if they so choose . 
  call this a british gold premium version of the eea , or something else . 
  ultimately , it all hinges on how the markets react in the future , beginning now on monday . 
  even though there has been celebrations in the leave camp , there seems to be somewhat of a sentiment that no one actually expected this . 
  of course , this could be the eu-friendly media spinning it like this , but not everything 's a conspiracy . 
  i was honestly quite surprised yesterday when i saw how much anti-eu sentiment there is on reddit and / r/all . 
  it 's understandable that people in the trump and swedish subreddits hate eu with a passion , but i never expected the same from the catholic sub , where despite any preconceived opinions you might have about the religion , an overwhelming majority usually advocate for peace and cooperation . 
  there 's loads of disinformation going around about eu and it seems a lot of people gleefully hope the union will disintegrate , because in their minds eu is first and foremost a moneygrabbing kleptocracy who only serves the people at the very top . 
  never mind about schengen and the euro ( however failed it might be ) and erasmus and how the union has kept peace in europe . 
  in their minds these projects are just distractions meant to occupy the populations while the thieves in brussels rob this continent blind . 
  eu should take steps to promote a positive image of the union , because as it is now , it is too much of a handy scapegoat populists from the right and the left can use to rile up voters . 
  wow , you find * discouragement * an alarmingly and scary autocratic idea ? 
  it 's in the best interest of the eu to send a strong message to a leaving uk , as it might discourage other member states from breaking away from the union as well . 
  when the renegotiations begin , all the cards will be in eu 's palm . 
  it 's in the best interest that eu gets as good a deal as possible , for the member states it represents , even if it means uk gets a worse deal . 
  i 'm saying that if scotland and northern ireland decide to begin talks about accession i have no doubt a lot of us will be happy , but as it stands now , the whole of uk is leaving , and the eu will respond to the entire country , not to individual regions . 
   you do not speak for the eu . 
  the uk is ireland 's biggest trading partner . 
  if you fuck them over , and our economy starts to tank , do you want sweden to put her hand in her pocket to save us ? 
  do you fuck . 
  calm down , dude . 
  yes , i think that if a member of the european union is in trouble , all others should be obliged to help it . 
  the situation with greece is a travesty , and i 've always been of the opinion that it should be helped back on its feet as quickly as possible , so no more generations are lost . 
  i wish there was more solidarity and cooperation in the union and less individual member states trying to cherry-pick and only go for the options that suit them . 
   and dismissing 49 % of the population as `` it sucks '' is outright disgusting . 
  those people believed in the european project and did n't want to leave . 
  so what do you want then ? 
  that democracy should n't be respected ? 
  both sides went into the election knowing full well that the result would be binding , even if one side won with only one vote . 
  or do you want eu to feel sorry for the uk , even though british leaders and people have used the union as a scape-goat for several years now ? 
  pfff , yeah but those economists are * experts * ... 
  it sucks for the remainers , i know . 
  but uk will be leaving as a whole country nontheless , not just the parts that wanted an exit , so there ca n't be a separate response to england and cornwall on one hand , and london , scotland and northern ireland on the other . 
  i do n't doubt they will . 
  russian , chinese and wealthy middle eastern buyers will probably flock to london when the real estate prices goes down . 
  they 'll probably go out into the english countryside and buy vacation houses there as well . 
  great trades all around !, 
  well , you 're not speaking for me when you say europe has more sympathy for people from corrupt countries . 
  i do n't . 
  i think europe should first take care of its own people . 
  and i think we should help greece as much as possible , and we should restrict migration . 
  but member states leaving because of some perceived injustice is a mistake . 
  we need reforms , not a complete deconstruction . 
  the eu is n't some big fucking totalitarian monolith who 's oppressing poor european countries . 
  this british referendum , if anything , showed that members can leave if they so choose . 
  uk chose to leave the eu and european cooperation and solidarity , because `` 350 '' million pounds per week was too much , and muh freedoms and evil dictators in brussels and what have you . 
  why the hell should i feel any sympathy for someone who 's been dragging his feet ever since he joined the union and always bitched and moaned about it anyway ? 
  let them leave , but in my opinion that should be the end of this relationship . 
  uk should not get any more preferential treatment than any other state outside of the eu . 
  i have nothing against britons in general , but i hope that the answer from eu is to let uk do their thing . 
  if they flourish outside the union , let them flourish . 
  if their house burns to the ground , let it fucking burn to the ground . 
  this is actually a tremendous opportunity for the european leadership to make an example of a member state that wants to leave : do n't give them an inch in any area . 
  they want to renegotiate trade deals ? 
  fine , let 's do it , but they are n't getting any special deals , and we 'll probably be half an hour late to the negotiating table . 
  europe should take steps to promote alternatives among other member states to those countries who traded heavily with uk , banks and corporations should get a very smooth relocation if they choose to leave great britain for the mainland , reforms should be made to the democratic processes in the union , and an information campaign thorughout eu should be launched in an effort to change the perception of what the union actually is and what it means , because for the last couple of decades it has been taken for granted far too much , it has been used as a scape goat for populists and a refuse pile where member states can dump any high ranking politicians they want to get rid of . 
  if scotland ( and perhaps ni ) votes to exit the uk and join the eu i will be one of those who will welcome them with open arms . 
  both sides should respect the outcome of this referendum , even though almost half of the british population will have to live with a choice they did n't make , but hey , that 's democracy in action , and we would n't want it to be any other way . 
  time so separate ties with uk and focus on further cooperation . 
  pretty funny coming from the guy who 's always making a fuss about other people having errors in their maps . 
  but i 'm sure next week he 'll spin it as a joke no one noticed . 
  no , john , no one likes your maps . 
  you 're the worst , john . 
  the worst !, 
  i am a former university student and i have friends from southern europe from my days on the erasmus program , and i know that down in the south highly educated people in general have a much tougher time finding employment than those who do n't have a university education . 
  they do n't have any other choice but to try finding employment abroad . 
  it sucks , and it is n't their fault . 
  and yes , it 's not only about money . 
  spending years studying and then not finding a way to properly utilize that knowledge and expertise is very depressing . 
  nations in the south can either let educated people - the same ones they 've spent a lot of money and resources on educating - move abroad , or they can discourage people from getting too high an education if it seems there will be another surplus . 
  but no one in their right mind is going to stop young people from realizing their full potential , so at the moment the only option is to let the brain drain happen and replace the deficit of workers with a lower education with people from less developed nations . 
  you are correct when you say that this is about brain drain , and it is in my opinion one of the largest dangers with a global society . 
  with relatively open borders and ever cheaper transportation , people will flock to wherever the salaries are highest , but those that will be taken in are those who are the skilled and highly educated ones . 
  this is of course a net benefit to the nations at the top of the pyramid , such as the us , the uk , germany , south korea , japan etc. 
  but what about the rest ? 
  educated people from mid-tier nations will be drawn to these highly developed countries as well , making it impossible for the institutions and corporations in their home countries to develop enough to compete with the ones at the top . 
  at the same time , people from the developing world will move to the mid-tier countries in order to fill the gaps left by the brain drain , making it virtually impossible for african nations , in particular , to develop past a certain point . 
  and if the employment conditions of the nations at the top continue , or even deteriorate , newly arrived people will have even less incentive to have children than they have now . 
  why should the corporations pay for maternity leave if they can just get a fresh batch of employees in the next generation ? 
  given enough time with this scenario countries in the west will behave more like companies , where the citizens are more temporary employees than citizens , where their employer provides them with housing as well as pay , and where the populations and demographics are in constant flux . 
  meanwhile , mid-tier countries and the developing world will have a very hard time progressing to the same level as the ones at the top , or even worse , the developing world will become nothing more than a birthing ground which will provide the rest of the world with workers for the mid-tier nations and intelligent people for the universities and corporations of the nations at the top of the pyramid . 
  why should anyone stick around and try to make their home better for their relatives or future generations ? 
  the plane tickets are so cheap today , and it 's easier to get a visa than it used to be . 
  and young people today in general have as much loyalty to their country of origin as to the company they currently work for . 
  nationalism is today even seen as a hostile ideology , and one that has to be eradicated . 
  globalization is to the individual person who can benefit from it the best thing that has ever happened , but less restricted migration , which the world is moving towards , is to larger populations - especially on the nation level -- such as struggling or developing countries , which constitute all of africa , most of asia , southern and eastern europe , most of south america , harmful . 
  i do n't know about you , but i dread a future where the developing world will be treated as a net delivery ward , and the highly developed world as a net graveyard . 
  i 'm not for forcing people to stay in their countries and work for a better tomorrow , but every problem , as well as solution , always begins on the level of individuals , and if no one is willing to stay and make a sacrifice , by accepting an employment with a lower salary , or by confronting the politicians who are pushing the austerity policy , then we all certainly deserve the future we are heading towards . 
  this kind of attitude just ... just baffles me . 
  the migrants and young men who are coming to europe are so often criticized for not staying and fighting for their country , but what right do we have to say that if we are even worse ? 
  unemployment , expensive housing and corrupt politicians are enough to abandon your home country ? 
  give me a break . 
  what would western europe look like if war broke out here again ? 
  i do understand that women in sweden , germany , austria etc. 
  are suffering more than men due to the migrant crisis .
