piece of shit speakers lecturing on skype ? 
  so what ? 
  even if they fasttrack every new law it will still take * months * before we can see any tangible effects of a new immigration policy , and do n't fool yourself about migrants not coming to europe during the winter , because they will . 
  they are n't driven by common sense , they 're driven by the lies the smugglers will tell them . 
  and the smugglers will tell them that europe is still warm in the winter , that there is no snow , and that europeans will open their houses to them and offer them blankets . 
  you should have acted . 
  they 're already here . 
  r/europe told of their return . 
  their defeat was merely delay . 
  til the time after the iron curtain opened , when the sons of ukraine would spill their own blood . 
  but no-one wanted to believe . 
  believe they even existed . 
  and when the truth finally dawns : it dawns in fire . 
  by now putin must know bringing a couple of thousands of migrants to the doorstep of northern europe is a great way of destabilizing and irritating those countries while looking like a great humanitarian . 
  it wo n't surprise me one bit if the migrants will get express delivery through russia in the coming weeks . 
  i do n't have a facebook account so i 'm not familiar with these kind of events , but why set the date to december 31st , 2016 . 
  is this event going to be active more than a year ? 
  something tells me those people wo n't listen to a woman . 
  oh shit , the migrants are trying to get to the artic resources !, 
  somebody call putin !, 
  you know what i 'll think will happen ? 
  hungary and other border countries will be rewarded generously in back room deals if they impose tighter border controls and if they do n't protest against the accusations of being racist communist eastern shit dictatorships that will continue coming from germany , sweden and the media . 
  this way everyone will win . 
  border countries wo n't be overburdened , eurocrats will keep their jobs , germany and sweden will whine about how racist everyone is while secretly feeling relieved , and the media will sell panicked headlines about that dick orban and how he is personally building football stadiums in his hometown with the skulls of dead refugees . 
  orban . 
  well , at least until next week when the whole anti-putin circlejerk starts again . 
  or we could do the extremely racist and fascist thing / s and close the outer borders of the schengen area . 
  and let the refugees ask for asylum as they should be doing , in refugee camps in syria and turkey , making smugglers and fatal accidents associated with them unnecessary . 
  eh , in a couple of weeks the entire focus of western media will be on russia and evil putin again . 
  last week the majority of air time in europe was about the migrant crisis in macedonia , couple of weeks before that it was the greek debt crisis , before that russian aggression against western countries . 
  it 's in the interest of western media to whip up a frenzied panic to sell headlines and then move on to the next big thing before people grow indifferent to the current crisis . 
  it 's funny how many non-europeans tell us how europe should act and what it should stand for . 
  unlike western nations , russia does n't give a fuck about its image outside of russia or how many of its own men die in the war . 
  they 'll pour in troops and weapons , exterminate the enemy with as many casualties as it will take , and when they 've secured the country , they 'll prop up assad or a new dictator with vast amounts of money , like they did with chechnya and kadyrov , and the government will protect russian interests such as the warmwater ports in syria and oil fields . 
  russian mothers will mourn their dead sons , but since the crackdown on the union of the committees of soldiers ' mothers of russia , what the heck can they do other than shed tears ? 
  i can see it as an opportunity for the eastern wolf to rise . 
  if the immigration erodes the welfare and economies of the western states while the the economic growth continues in the east it could cause a power shift from west to east . 
  it would take time , but i see it as a possible change , especially if eastern europe continues to be a focal point for the us in its rivalry with russia . 
  let me get this straight : nazis in ukraine bad , nazis in russia good ? 
  this is the stupidest opinion i 've heard on this sub this week . 
  so , according to your logic , mongolia should be held accountable for burning the library of baghdad and devastating the muslim world to such a degree that we 're still seeing the effects of it today . 
  or are you proposing that we arbitrarily look back into history and cherry pick among the multitude of harmful events ? 
  okay , we take colonialism into account , but to make things fair we should n't forget the ottoman invasions of southeastern europe , nor should we forget the muslim conquest of the iberian peninsula or the reconquista . 
  spain should pay for the religious terror against its own people and towards the indigenous peoples of the americas , france should pay for the wars napoleonic france caused , the uk should pay for the boer wars , sweden should pay for conquering norway , finland and estonia , and the scandinavian countries should pay for the damage the vikings caused . 
  while we 're at it , france , britain and germany should pay for the crusades , and germany should pay for their northeastern crusades and germany and france should pay for causing the fall of the roman empire ... 
  it absolutely sickens me to hear and see our `` enlightened '' politicians point fingers at macedonia and blame them for not acting humanely , while macedonia does it to protect its borders and population , a right every country has . 
  i wonder how our politicians would feel if migrants suddenly moved into their wealthy neighbourhoods . 
  i 'm sure they 'd put up a brave face in front of the cameras and welcome the newcomers , but later the same evening they 'd buy a new apartment in a different wealthy area and move there in the middle of the night . 
  sadly , this attitude among muslim migrants wo n't change , because in their home countries they are told that the western/christian world , the jews and particularly the us are responsible for everything that 's going wrong in their countries , from dictatorship , insurgents and civil war to islamic terrorism and the price of bread . 
  they hear this from their imams , politicians and older generations from an early age . 
  that 's why we frequently see videos of angry young men who act like they 're entitled and should automatically be let into europe . 
  in their eyes they 've been screwed over by the west their whole lives and they think they are entitled to reparations from europe . 
  that 's why they also refuse to adopt the culture , values and language of their new homes . 
  because that would mean they 've joined the enemy . 
  a woman ( 55 ) and her son ( 28 ) stabbed to death by two male suspects ( 23 and 35 ) in an ikea store in v\u00e4ster\u00e5s . 
  the two suspects are said to be two asylum seekers . 
  translated from the article http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article21238944.ab ( first paragraph , 6th-9th line ) : `` the two men know each other and live at the asylum residency . 
  the 23 - year-old man 's identity and civil status of the accommodation is also confirmed in documents from v\u00e4stmanland district court . '', 
  translated from the article http://www.friatider.se/23-arig-mordare-kom-till-sverige ( lead paragraph ) : `` one of the two african men who were arrested yesterday on suspicion of double murder at ikea in v\u00e4ster\u00e5s is a newly arrived immigrant from eritrea . 
  he lives with his suspected accomplice in an asylum accommodation in arboga . '', 
  ( 1st-4th line ) : `` the man , a 23 year old , is living in an asylum accommodation in arboga and came according to the civil registry to sweden on july 13th this year . '', 
  other people will comment that this was most likely done by second or third generation immigrants , and not by refugees . 
  but think about it . 
  if this was done by children of people who came here to work for a living , what will the children of those , who came to europe just to get free money and benefits , and then got angry and bitter when they received too little , do ? 
  it 's only going to get worse . 
  turkey is far too important to the west . 
  if push comes to shove , erdogan will be removed , but the question is by whom , as the traditionally secular turkish military has become more aligned with akp . 
  what the hell ? 
  sweden falls apart and you give j\u00e4mtland to the norrbaggar ? 
  it should be an independent republic !, 
  j\u00e4mtland belongs to the j\u00e4mtl\u00e4nningar !, 
  optimistic : vat grown babies become a commonplace thing , as more and more people either are n't able to or want to have children , and immigration from third world countries fail . 
  due to gene therapy all of these children are free from genetic diseases and possess a high intellect . 
  additionally , due to the tight regulation of the number of created babies , the birth/death ratio is kept at a level that is deemed best for the country . 
  a race of masters , if you will , is created . 
  pessimistic : eu does what it does best , which means it does n't solve any crisis , and they just keep piling on , leading to the fizzling out of the union . 
  because of the continuing immigration europe becomes balkanized , the countries fractured into autonomous regions . 
  unrest , violence within and between these autonomous regions , and overall a pretty shitty life . 
  none of europe can into space in 2066 . 
  one more reason i can use when my mother asks me when i 'm going to have kids ( being single being the first one ) . 
  i did . 
   severe tensions within eu because of the actions a democratically elected party has taken in its own country . 
  good one !, 
  stopped taking the video seriously after this ( so 10 seconds in ) . 
  i kind of wonder why we 're shifting focus to poland now . 
  what is it that has to be swept under the rug by juncker and merkel while we 're distracted with something else ? 
  greece will kill its tourism sector if the refugees are n't concentrated at a few hotspots near the turkish border . 
  if these hotspots are created near the macedonian border they will be a lot harder to control . 
  many who will give up their dream of reaching germany or sweden , but ca n't return home , will go to the cities or places relying on tourism from abroad , because they will think getting money from foreign tourists will be easier . 
  also , in cities it 's a lot easier to `` disappear '' than on islands . 
  what will kill the greek tourism is having this problem spread out all over the country instead of on a number of islands . 
  the tourism on lesbos and nearby islands will suffer , but to say that losing a few islands will kill the tourism is ridiculous . 
  tourism on lesbos is probably suffering already , but mykonos wo n't . 
  santorini wo n't either . 
  and neither will corfu , rhodes , crete , zakynthos or naxos if the problem is contained near the turkish border . 
  i know this would suck if i lived on a greek island , but if shit really hits the fan , the best solution would be to build refugee camps on the islands close to the turkish mainland with the help of eu and the un , and then patrol the waters around these islands with frontex and the greek border police . 
  not an ideal situation , i know , but who comes and goes to and from an island is easier than doing the same on the mainland . 
  the tourism business will take a massive hit , ferries to these islands will have to be cancelled , and inhabitants will have to be relocated ( while hopefully being generously compensated for this ) , but i think this late in the game european leaders will have no other choice but to be utilitarian . 
  you either continue with the current policy , watching as the increasing influx and bottlenecks disrupt infrastructure and daily life across the entire country , or you `` sacrifice '' a number of islands so that life can continue as before on the mainland . 
  what ?
