ireland - we really do love the drink . 
  we 're not even ashamed of it either, 
  fish taco ? 
  since when does r/europe have silent opinions about anything ? 
  they pretty much blurt out whatever they feel like at the time . 
  this is a gdp growth which is a strong indicator of earnings . 
  gnp which is a better indicator of how foreign mnc 's are doing showed a growth of nearly 10 % this year . 
  so this bounce will translate into a significant increase in standard of living and employment . 
  build all the houses , quick !, 
  before the money disappears again !, 
  ideally the eu should have a military equal to or greater than the us in strength ( i say great simply because there are a good deal more of us living in the eu ) . 
  i do appreciate that the us is the first to arrive and offer help and the last to leave when it 's allies ask for it , so i 'd like to see the eu and the us as partners in the world . 
  china , india , pakistan , russia etc could go hell in a hand basket at any minute quite literally . 
  i think the eu needs the us , but the us needs the eu to get off it 's ass and become a worthy ally because who knows what can happen in 10 months let alone 10 years . 
  i 'm beginning to think that you must be schizophrenic or illiterate , because either you see shit that is n't there or you ca n't fucking read . 
  go on , quote exactly where i ` explicitly threatened muslims ' . 
  you wo n't be able to because it never happened . 
  why would i even bother to ` squirm ' my way out of anything on an anonymous online board ? 
  you think i give an honest to god fuck what you think , despite how desperately wrong you are ? 
  you 're taking what i said out of context . 
  i am not pro-holocaust . 
  those who fail to learn from the past are doomed to repeat it . 
  they 'd be wise to remember how europeans have dealt with minorities that they did n't like in the past . 
  interesting . 
  the roi could n't support a reintegration of ni without burdening itself with a colossal amount of debt . 
  during the troubles the british government figured the best route to peace is employment , because employed people with disposable income tend not to riot and cause problems . 
  thus most jobs in ni are public sector jobs to which the uk govt foots the bill , to the tune of something like # 10,000,000 per day . 
  the roi simply ca n't afford to replace that many jobs and for that reason reunification is n't really possible . 
  another factor that also plays into it is that i do n't believe there is the appetite among most irish to reunify . 
  there is obviously a vocal minority and a group of largely indifferent people , but i think if voted on in the roi tomorrow it would n't pass . 
  look up some logistics companies . 
  if i remember correctly a few of them will ship a 1x1x1m pallet under a certain weight for cheap enough . 
  or maybe rent a van and drive it across europe ? 
  yeah and look at their economy !, 
  the combined size of all the eu forces is probably larger than the us forces anyway . 
  i 'd like if we were similarly equipped ( air craft , carriers , tanks etc ) . 
  i think the eu needs the ability to project power and protect it 's interests . 
  it would have been good if the eu could have intervened in georgia or ukraine for example . 
  i would rather europe have it 's own unified military strength equal or greater to that of the us . 
  but since we do n't , us boots on the ground are welcome imho . 
  the daily mail ... 
  really ? 
  the uk is going to hedge it 's bets on good relations with a collection mostly made up of piss poor countries thousands of miles away ? 
  i can see that going well . 
  appeasing a tyrant rather than nipping him in the bud started wwii . 
  their sacrifices resulted in peace , and what has brought more peace to the european continent than the eu , so why not fly its flag ? 
  peace means always having a bigger stick . 
  irishmen have died for less worthy causes , i can assure you of that . 
  ` right to family life ' , the single biggest pile of shit with regards to getting immigrants off being deported after committing crimes . 
  sinn fein is n't so much anti-eu , it 's just more nationalist than the other parties . 
  also the info graphic lists ireland as having no euro-skeptics , but i 'm fairly certain that ming flanagan is, 
  in ireland it 's pretty common for a phd student to be a bsc graduate at least in my experience . 
  last year at least 15 of my friends were offered phds straight out of their bachelors degrees , most of them took them . . only a handful did not . 
  yeah that was one of my favourite videos from the 6n, 
  something something fire and pitchforks . 
  i would disagree a little . 
  i think their presence is stronger in some places and others in others they are almost non-existent . 
  in galway city for example you almost never see them , and i only know of one halting site within the city and it 's quite well hidden . 
  however in somewhere like ballinasloe however you see quite a lot of them . 
  you 're an alright bunch . 
  i do love how england is effectively a team of pantomime villains for the other countries in the 6 nations . 
  i would imagine that the percentage for ireland of younger people we 'll say ( 24-30 ) would be even higher . 
  irish universities are packed to the brim with people viewing a degree as a way to get a job and to also be sheltered from the current economic climate . 
  that 's what we in ireland should do , but unfortunately our government and a lot of irish people are painfully ignorant about nuclear power . 
  redditor for 0 hours at time of posting ... seems legit . 
  come one , come all . 
  ireland is open for business . 
  the us army is not good at fighting insurgency using guerrilla tactics , but no army is because of the nature of that type of warfare . 
  the us convincingly crushed saddam 's iraqi forces during conventional warfare at the beginning of the war there , they also did the same in desert storm in the 90 's . 
  also no , isreal managed to win a bunch of wars against the against some of the largest , best-equipped armies in 20th century using the best equipment that the americans made at the time . . they were not poorly equipped as you suggest , not even in the slightest . 
  if you think a war for vital resources would never happen , you need to pick up a history book . 
  countries and empires have gone to war over much less . 
  you 're certainly right about the population reducing itself , except the population group that ends up being reduced is the one with the under equipped military who got out competed in a war for resources ( maybe you should read up on some basic ecology too , with specific regards to competition in nature ) . 
  the us is equipped to fight a war that might not happen for 20 or 30 years , but they will have the last laugh when it come to fighting for that last barrel of oil , kilo of phosphorus or drop of clean water . 
  the rest of us will be left with our collective dicks in our hands if we leave ourselves any less prepared than them . 
  this is why i 'm for a combined eu army , airforce and navy similarly well equipped to the us military and paid for by the eu budget . 
  then there would be no question of the combined eu ( with a standing army of over a million ) defending a country on it 's borders . 
  see in ireland a lot of our big universities have/had the word college in their name like university college dublin , trinity college dublin and university college cork . 
  let 's all just have a pint and laugh at anyone who calls it school . 
  the way the english refer to sixth form as ` college ' really fucks us up in ireland because what ` college ' is to the english is just the final years of secondary school in ireland . 
  college in ireland almost always refers to university ( or 3rd level anyway ) . 
  also calling privately operated schools ` public schools ' makes no sense to us either because in ireland a public school is a state owned/run school . 
  sorry for the off topic rant there . 
  the usa a socialist welfare state ? 
  whatever you are smoking , i would like some of that . 
  the usa is still the most powerful country in the world , and it 's current high debt-to-gdp ratio is attributed to the election of george w. bush who 's administration decided they wanted to fight two costly wars in the middle east for a period of more than 10 years . 
  it 's debt was equally as high when bill clinton started in office , but he managed to almost to completely pay it off during his tenure in office . 
  you are so wide of the mark it 's as if you have n't been living on planet earth in the last 20 years . 
  china is rising on the back of what is effectively slave labour , technology/ip theft and currency manipulation . 
  i 'm sure you would just love to work 16 hours a day earning $ 1/hr making products in a factory where you live for months on end . 
  i 'm also sure you would also prefer to live in a country where 70 % of rivers are polluted , where you ca n't see out of your window due to industrial smog , and where people will leave you to die in the street for fear of being prosecuted themselves if they help . 
  china 's ` rise ' will be a blip on this centuries radar when it all derails itself in about 5 years . 
  we 've got english speaking high skilled graduates coming out of our ears . 
  lower the price of a pint by 50 % and they 're yours !, 
  are the colours representative of something defined ? 
  or are they just used to separate exports into loosely similar groups ? 
  you must be new here . 
  reducing the price of booze would go a long way towards getting me to go there . 
  i think we need a unified eu army , airforce , navy and coastguard . 
  we should also probably make the esa an eu institution and give it a decent budget as a % of eu spending .
