  nobody knows how the next 100 years is going to pan out as resources such as oil , rare earth minerals and metals , and even clean water become more scarce . 
  as a continent of 500 million strong we can co-operate and take any challenge head on . 
  combined it and pharma have literally got thousands of vacant positions in ireland , so they are pretty healthy sectors to be involved in . 
  i got a good laugh out of that . 
  the poor chap would have had a better time in galway !, 
  maybe australia can get enough out of china now to set the country up for a bright future , but when china goes pop it 's not going to be pretty . 
  the first to go will be the mining jobs , not all of them but a lot of them . 
  china 's economy is much weaker than that of the eu or us . 
  it 's an economy that is building for demand that does n't exist and never will for the sake of keeping growth figures up , in a bad year the chinese government will just make the official growth figure up anyway . 
  the economy is backed by an artificially weak currency , on the back of what is effectively slave labour . 
  not to mention that the country is home to a greedy culture that has the complete inability to innovate . 
  lets not even mention the huge amount of nepotism and corruption in the government . 
  china 's days of growth are limited , it 's got a 10 year lifespan before the ass falls out of it 's economy , and with it any economies that are relying on it like australia for example . 
  we 're pissing off a frenchman ... we must be doing something right !, 
  700,000 is spare change to bmw . 
  like others have said before , they have already invested very heavily in electric , turbo , hybrid and carbon fibre technologies in order to reduce co2 anyway . 
  they are so far ahead of the curve it 's crazy . 
  we should have a large eu border force/coast guard to help states in the situation that malta is in . 
  perhaps some new patrol boats for the mediterranean and any other surveillance equipment to keep watch over the waters ( drones , satellites ? 
  turkey should be let in when it meets the criteria to join the eu . 
  it needs to stop going back on the progress that it has made . 
  good enough for him . 
  i have no issue with turkey becoming an eu state so long as they meet their targets for eu integration . 
  my only concern is that massive porous border it has with the middle east , that would have to be heavily controlled . 
  you think putin is mad now ? 
  wait 'til you see his reaction when they want to join nato . 
  would these gypsy sympathisers ever just fuck off . 
  the reasons for gypsy 's being discriminated against are legitimate and not borne out of irrationality or stupidity . 
  they are well known to be beggars , thieves and abusers of the system . 
  they contribute little or nothing to the society which they implant themselves . 
  they do n't allow their children to go to school and to get an education , and they effectively treat their women as property . 
  until the day they decide to integrate , we will discriminate . 
  i see areas of light green , eat a dick finland , 
  they are trying to censor porn . 
  they are trying to ban the internal combustion engine by 2040 . 
  nobody will want to live there by 2041 . 
  edit : it was a joke folks , maybe some of you can purchase a sense of humour when you 're out with your next lynch mob . 
  spineless . 
  the whole purpose of creating the eu was so that countries would n't go to war with each other , and as of the lisbon treaty we have a mutual defense agreement that if you attack one of us . . you attack all of us . 
  i 'm fairly sure that the uk govt would bitch to no end if asked to defend another country in the eu , so i for one think a unified eu airforce is a good idea since the largest military power in the eu ( the uk ) firstly does n't seem to want to be in the eu . . at all , and secondly seems to constantly be on the verge of trying to pull out . 
  you actually believe your own fatuous disillusions , do n't you ? 
  your country will mean little to anyone when it becomes britainistan . 
  keep your grubby mits off our trash . 
  we 're going to bury it and save it for later !, 
  good thing you 'll never see the inside of any of those un-named elite institutions . 
   i was educated in britian ( far superior schools to ireland ) . 
  considering that the un human development index ranks ireland 9th in the world for education sandwiched between south korea and netherlands , and the united kingdom 31st in the world between ukraine and uruguay , maybe you should n't be so quick to mouth off . 
   what do they teach you in ireland these days ? 
  how to count to 10 in the irish language ( which we basically made extinct ) since you 're clearly an ignorant little shit , allow me to educate you . 
  we take mandatory maths , english and a european language , then 4 subjects of our own choice . 
  after that they send us off to university for free . 
  our country is also to more than 100,000 native irish speakers and 2 million speakers of another nature ... because the language is just so dead !, 
  who is we anyway ? ... 
  you did n't make anything extinct . 
  i guess ignorance is bliss for people like you , so do the rest of us a favour and go spew your vitriolic bullshit elsewhere . 
  you clearly are n't burdened with an overabundance of schooling, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  of course it 's their fault . 
  every year loyalists march through nationalist areas and every year it raises tensions . 
  this year the parades commission denied them permission to march down this particularly volatile road , so a very large group loyalist gathered at the entrance to this road/neighbourhood where their presence is unwanted and abhorred . 
  when instructed by the police and government to leave , they begin to riot . 
  they faced no condemnation from their own community and the orange order had the gall to call it ' a protest ' . 
  tunein is a godsend , i can listen to bbc radio 1 via my iphone in the car , anywhere in the republic . 
  the irish radio stations piss me off to no end , but if i had to listen to any it would be i102-104 or spin sw on the fm bands . 
  let dance around their bonfires like a bunch of cavemen . 
  we have more civilized lives to get on with !, 
  i did my erasmus to france and the french students thought there was something wrong with us because we drank so much . 
  sure only time will tell . 
  i think the increase in gym interest is n't sports related , but more to do with a certain mtv show . 
  guys want to be muscular ( bis , chest and abs . . and nothing else ) and girls want to be skinny because of what they see on tv . 
  i do n't think you realise quite how much booze we buy across the border . 
  yeah this is true , but gym culture is really starting to take hold in ireland among young adults , whereas before it was n't so prominent . 
  if you go to any university campus in ireland , you 'll see that it 's quite visible . 
  least lazy males and second least lazy females , wooo !, 
  there 's definitely a huge upward trend in young adults exercising and going to the gym in ireland recently too , so hopefully that 'll cut down our rankings on the fatty graph . 
  the numbers for ireland and the uk are skewed a little bit . 
  the irish cross the border into northern ireland ( uk ) and buy tonnes of booze . 
  it pushes up the uk number slightly and deflates our own number . 
  there 's no doubt we consume alot of alcohol but the border issue makes it harder to accurately measure . 
  theres a nuclear reactor in halden , but it 's a research reactor . 
  the article makes a fair point . 
  why would the eu would want to enter into a fta with a government that has been acting so disingenuously . 
  the danes are really nice people and the city is a very pleasant place to spend your time . 
  i just meant that within great britain the rules are different . 
  you ca n't make the argument that if you treat a teenager as an adult they will be an adult , and with the same breath tell me that a person does n't really become mature until they are 25 . 
  that is very odd !, 
  there are many things a 16 year old cant do . 
  they ca n't accrue debt , they ca n't buy alcohol , they ca n't buy large knives at a supermarket , they ca n't watch or make pornography , they ca n't buy cigarettes . 
  they can get married or join the army at 16 , but only with the written permission of their parents . 
  the british army is n't in the business of deploying 16 year olds to war , and i do n't believe it has done so since wwii . 
  just because a 16/17 year old can do some of the things an adult can , does n't make them an adult or capable of adult decisions . 
  that 's not good . 
  16 and 17 year olds are easily swayed by the opinions of others , and are not likely to full understand the consequences of their decisions . 
  i know when i was that age , i certainly would not have been mature enough to make a decision ( although i would have argued fiercely that i was ) as large as the one on independence . 
  alex salmond is playing dirty by trying to get teenagers to be allowed to vote , because he knows that teenagers will be more easily manipulated , and that teenagers tend to have more romanticised ideas of nationalism than adults . 
  i know that when surveyed , teenagers were broadly similar in voting patterns as other demographics . 
  but these surveys were done in middle class schools . 
  when you 're talking about working class schools around the risers of glasgow , it 's going to be a different story altogether . 
  i also am wondering how this would affect the likes of northern ireland and the state of the union in general . 
  afaik alex salmond wanted a very close relationship with the ireland should independence be attained .
