  negative , sorry !, 
  doubt it , the man does n't know how to work a sandwich toaster let alone a vpn . 
  one of my friends literally just posted from turkey on facebook . 
  reasons why mnc 's locate in ireland : 1 . 
  english speaking 2 . 
  12.5 % corporation tax 3 . 
  membership of the eu ( no tariffs to pay ) 4 . 
  good infrastructure where they tend to locate 5 . 
  educated workforce , [ 51.1 % ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/tertiary_education_statistics ) of irish are degree holders . 
  while the big one is tax , it 's not the only reason . 
  also the irish government tend to let companies pay less than the 12.5 % if they employ a lot of people , which in the cases of google and apple , they do . 
  we did it !!!!!!, 
  1 point , the fuck uk ? 
  zac efron is in the green room !, 
  excellent !, 
  greece , you magnificent bastards !, 
  hey guise , apparently azerbaijan is now in europe !, 
  we also entered a turkey puppet if anyone wants to use that too !, 
  those danish bastards nicked our tin whistles !, 
  if the problem is outside the eu/eurozone then it 's not our problem , 
  the title of this article is a tad sensational . 
  it 's just the name of the wine they wo n't be able to use because it sound close to a protected wine produced elsewhere . 
  i 'm sure there are loopholes in the system , renaming it prosekvino or something to that effect might work . 
  i was told that the difference between brown hair and really dark blond is the absence of the colour green . 
  i have dual citizenship and on one passport that i filled out myself i put myself as being brown haired , and the other where the embassy did my physical profiling they listed me as being dark blond . 
  3 mobile have been doing it for years between uk , ireland , austria , denmark , sweden and italy . 
  it 's called 3 [ like home ] ( http://apps.three.ie/roaming/pages/display/three-like-home ) and it lets you use all your minutes , texts , data etc as if you were in your own country . 
  i would imagine this could damage or slow down serbia 's accession to the eu . 
  contraceptives are legal , abortion is not . 
  in ireland i would put it down to culture . 
  the irish just love having big families , which is a throwback of catholic churches meddling . 
  most young people will tell you that they want to have a large family of their own because they came from a large family . 
  come on europe , do we have to do all the banging over here ? 
  i applaud the mastery at which this person goes about their trolling , which as it seems is the only thing this account is used for . 
  given that what they are trying to do is stop the free exchange of information and culture i would have to take the opposite stance . 
  the teachers union does n't hold absolute power over the irish governments actions , so what makes them think that their counterparts in israel can do a damn about what their governments policies are ? 
  i would n't worry about it , its the teachers union of ireland that are boycotting collaboration . 
  it is mostly made up of secondary school teachers , who collectively are not the sharpest tools in the shed . 
  i think the university lecturers/researchers are probably represented by a different union . 
  a ford mustang for the same price as a ford focus . 
  ohhhh ... ** now ** you want our love ? 
  it 's gon na take a lot of cups of tea to get us back . 
  get the kettle boiling . 
  not to sound ignorant , but they are injecting money into your economies by buying up property . 
  but having a lot of people arriving on a country 's shores in search of work when there is n't any to be had is bad , some will find work and those that do n't will end up on a benefit system that is already under a lot of stress . 
  because i have n't bothered reading the article , i 'm just gon na assume they mean the name . 
  it 's probably protected somewhere else like the term ` champagne ' or ` cornish pasty ' for a product . 
  two countries that just happen to have young , educated and wealthy populations ? ... 
  the uk has the north sea gas on its own shores , norway 's vast fossil fuel reserves further north and gas fields in ireland opening up on the near future to the west . 
  i think the uk is probably justified in keeping a small gas reserve . 
  the likes of eastern europe would be more of a concern for a sudden gas shut off from russia . 
  you 'd be surprised , when needs must the devil drives . 
  with the amount of money and resources available in fossil fuels , the technology could be rapidly produced and deployed . 
  we live in a time of cad , virtual simulation and 2 day retooling . 
  plus it 's not as if the designs and methodology are all too different from current extraction methods and tools . 
  however you 're right in saying that russia could turn off the gas one winter , but the countries of the eu keep a massive strategic petroleum reserve for just such an incident . 
  it 's an interesting area of research , and if it comes to fruition it will likely yield an energy boom . 
  my main area of concern would be that there is so much of it that we may end up accelerating global warming uncontrollably . 
  when the technology matures , countries really need to get their thumbs out of their arses and make solid carbon rules ( eg , for every 100,000 l of it brought to the surface they have to plant a half acre of trees . 
  now obviously i do n't know how many trees it takes to offset x tonnes of carbon . . but you get the gist ) . 
  i would imagine that the technology would be expensive to develop initially ( like any other methods of fossil fuel extraction ) , but the price would drop as the technology matures and the supply rises meet demand . 
  basically any country with a coastline would be energy independent , the biggest losers are set to be opec countries with nobody to sell their gas to . 
  the eu is the largest consumer of russian gas , keeping gazprom afloat and the russian govt 's coffers full . 
  if russian gas were to suddenly become an unreliable source , the eu ( collectively ) would just have to find someone else to give their money to , which would be bad news for russia . 
  russia would want to be extremely wary about who it tries to play hardball with when it comes to gas , especially since the technology to extract frozen gas from the seabed is nearing perfection . 
  you can read about it [ here ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2013/mar/12/japan-extract-frozen-gas-seabed ) and see maps of deposits [ here ] ( http://theresilientearth.com/files/images/methane_hydrate_deposits-der_spiegel.jpg ) if it interests you . 
  because the eu is so scared of the russians ? 
  the price of a flat screen tv would probably go up a little . 
  basically anywhere but eastern europe is fine to be openly gay in . 
  your points are literally bogus to the point of being bullshit . 
  if you realised how badly the murdering , oppression , the exporting the irish as slaves and genocide through starvation is burned into the irish racial memory , then you might be left with a leg to stand on . 
  but since you ca n't even get the date of the formation of the ira right ( let alone know which one you are talking about ) , i would imagine that your knowledge of joined irish and british history to be extremely poor . 
  i 'll even enlighten you to the fact that the ira set up in 1919 and the ira that did the manchester bombings are same only in name . 
  irish people hate the modern ira and are genuinely disgusted with their actions . 
  to further that point , sinn fein regularly struggle at every election in the republic to get any significant number of votes , they hold ( off the top of my head ) 14 seats in our parliament . 
  these guys are very good , i rate them very highly !, 
  if you have a degree from anything in stem then you 're good to go , but if you decided to ride the property boom and not gain any skills from ireland 's free third level system then you are just shit out of luck . 
  jobs are not scarce , the right people to do them are . 
  ireland 's economy is not in that bad shape , the fundamentals of a high value economy are there . 
  jobs are n't scarce in ireland , unskilled/low skilled jobs are scarce . 
  if you have a degree in it or pharmacology then you will have no problem finding gainful employment . 
  the reason we are n't growing is because our government is saddled with bank debt which in turn has forced it to take on a program of austerity in order to service the debt payments , which otherwise could have been invested in the economy . 
  holy shit !, 
  that 's insane !, 
  especially for a country as rally loving as finland . 
  audi are owned by vw . 
  the audi a4/vw passat/scoda octavia/seat toledo are all the same car basically . 
  why would you buy anything but a bmw or an audi ? 
  they are slightly more expensive than their competitors but 9 times out of 10 they are better designed , better built , faster , more reliable , better looking and more economical . 
  ( exceptions made for the likes of the ford focus which is excellent but slightly boring ) the germans are just doing what they are good at , and that is engineering things that last . 
  buying stuff on ebay.com without paying import charges would be nice !, 
  that 's an issue with weighted voting , not with voting numbers . 
  because turkish is obscure in the context of european languages which are either latin or germanic ( and to a lesser degree , slavic ) . 
  most europeans have a good grasp of another second european language ( english mostly ) and the turkish people should be able to do the same if they are to be true members of the european community . 
  the eu prides itself in a kind of strength through diversity mentality , but at the end of the day it 's the things we have in common that bring us closer together . 
  in my mind being able to hold a conversation with someone is incredibly important and is an essential component of getting to like them . 
  i would n't mind turkey joining but i would like to see it meet a specific criteria ( which may appear harsh compared to other members ) . 
  - turkey would have to be split in two and be maintained as separate voting areas for eu issues . 
  - visa controlled migration to the rest of the eu to prevent blow ins from the middle east . 
  - resolution of the cyprus issue .
