  - a major push to increase a spoken european languages such as english/french/german . 
  - massive border protection on the middle eastern side . 
  - religious education with the goal of secularisation . 
  - major human rights resolutions . 
  - attainment of similar economics/education/infrastructure so that turkey could kind of click into the rest of the eu with relative ease . 
  if turkey could achieve these goals , i for one could not object to their membership . 
  their progress would have to be admired and respected and would truly be in the spirit of the european project . 
  thanks for clearing up some of that . 
  as a citizen of an eu state i still find these naming conventions to be confusing . 
  they should probably make a push to make them easier to differentiate !, 
  not that it matters anyway but , it must be a major pain in the ass for other countries like the us and china to negotiate with the eu when the presidency can change nearly 8 times in the same length of time it takes for a single us administration to run its term . 
  the only correlation i see on this map is that the sightings take place often where there are higher densities of muslims residing !!!, 
  conspiracy i say !, 
  supermacs . 
  with 15 million cows and only 6 million people in ireland , we have to please our bovine overlords by consuming their milk or face a punishment worse than death . 
  on a side note , lactose intolerance is n't really a thing in ireland . 
  violence in northern ireland ?!, 
  never !!!, 
  would the nordies ever just grow the fuck up . 
  in ireland , we 're not fat ... just big boned !, 
  i disapprove , not because i do n't want to help people but because i do n't want to import a problem from the middle east into europe . 
  i would like to see a unified european response and i feel that response should be : - temporary suspension of schengen and reinstatement of border controls til this issue has subsided . 
  - enforcement of the dublin agreement , that these refugees are forced to register and present documents and biometric data at the first port of call which needs to be databased and given to europol and these immigrants to be screened and legitimate ones settled somewhere ( not of their choice , and with no choice to move ) . 
  - frontex and border agencies of countries on the peripheries where these people cross need to be massively funded and bolstered with money , equipment and manpower . 
  - a unified eu military response where a number of the armed forces of each eu country are contributed ( and the usa or russia ) and form a multinational force . 
  - that multinational force to enter syria , set up and protect a safe zone to protect the people fleeing war and have appropriate rules of engagement to combat their aggressors . 
  - the multinational force to engage in removing the destabilising factors from syria - the multinational and eu governments to engage in some nation building and instillation of a democratic system . 
  - to return all refugees that had entered the eu back to a stabilised syria . 
  we borrowed heavily before and basically poured it into construction and it inflated our economy before the crash in 2009 , but the fundamentals of our economy were still strong so we had to borrow from the imf/troika/eu and just get on with austerity . 
  what we 're experiencing now is known as ` non-inflationary credit-less expansion ' aka nice growth , which is where our economy is growing thanks to money invested rather than money borrowed . 
  currently our jobless rate is plummeting , and 1000 's of high value/high skilled jobs are being created every quarter ... 2015 is set to finish as a year of great performance . 
  yeah go ask of half your former presidents about that . 
  the imf can shut the fuck up . 
  oh to be a billionaire !, 
  africans do n't get old . 
  they just die . 
  if they did one for 2015 the west would be darker ... nuig is red hot these days for patents !, 
  that 's kind of cute . 
  tourism ireland should bring the family over for a summer holiday . 
  can we get one connecting ireland and the uk , oh pretty please ? 
  foot to the board lads , lets get ourselves some houses !, 
  we know why it did n't work , people want to urbanise rather than the reverse . 
  it 's easy for a country that is half the land mass and double the population of my own to do that since there are 4x as many people per square km , meaning that the netherlands is much less rural than ireland . 
  you have to do things in the context of your nation and its geography , and in the case of ireland it does n't work because the country is extremely rural outside of urban centres . 
  there are a lot of situations where the dutch had the foresight to do things but a lot of the time this does n't work for the rest of us . 
  in my own country our government tried to do this while country was experimenting explosive growth in the early 2000 's in a process called ` decentralisation ' , however this has been pretty widely regarded as a failure because people did n't want to live in shit towns in the back ass of nowhere to get jobs . 
  they wanted to live in a city where there were other things to do than just work , and then drive home to spend the rest of your day looking out the window at sheep and rain . 
  why should people live in villages or suburbs ? 
  these places may be cheaper but almost all the services and jobs tend to be located in cities . 
  maybe people want to live by good hospitals and schools or access to good infrastructure like high speed internet or mental health support ? 
  why should the price of living somewhere prohibit people from accessing most of these things , in an ideal world it would n't but we do n't live in an ideal world . 
  the government sure as shit is n't going to be building ultra modern hospitals and mental health services in buttfuck nowhere or the commuter belt and hour and a half from the core population . 
  the reality is that population effectively guarantees access to these things , and thus the need to move into cities will always exist . 
  i might actually buy a house this time . 
  why should there be a need to pick one ? 
  companies can be attracted to a whole package rather than a single attribute . 
  again , if they were only interested in tax , why have entire logistics and manufacturing in a country that is a ) expensive and b ) geographically challenged ? 
  if they were here for tax only they would have a few accountants sitting in shell company/subsidiary in the ifsc , or better yet in the caymen islands , rather than 100 's or 1000 's of employees . 
  i briefly did contract work at pfizer in their grange castle facility in dublin , and i can assure you there are armies of biochemists and chemists . 
  currently , i work for a large us tech company and i can tell you that they also have armies of programmers rather than lawyers and accountants , so this image that these companies are here only for the tax does not sit well with me . 
  i feel that foreign governments like to scapegoat our tax situation to deflect from their poor performances . 
  they should be trying to compete with us by lowering their own rates rather than slating our successful strategy because they fail to emulate it . 
  at any rate ireland has a headline and effective corporate tax rate of 12 % france , estonia , luxembourg , slovakia and belgium have higher headline rate but in reality have an effective corporate tax rate that is actually lower than irelands , which if anything is honest in its appearance unlike the others . 
  you can read about it in pwc 's report called [ ` paying taxes ' ] ( http://www.pwc.com/gx/en/services/tax/paying-taxes-2016/key-findings.html ) if you want . 
  well i feel that if we can maintain our competitive tax advantage long enough to build the infrastructure needed to keep the companies here and attract investment for other reasons , we 'll have made a gain . 
  there are other reasons companies operate here too ; english language , eu single market access , highest level of 3rd level education per capita in europe . 
  apple for example employ over 5000 people in ireland , but more than half those jobs could be done from india at a fraction of the wage cost but they are n't . 
  intel and pfizer are the same with their r&d and production lines . 
  companies like that are here for the talent . 
  i say go us . 
  investing here is obviously very prudent since mnc 's from 4 countries have assets worth nearly 2.5 trillion dollars here . 
  it means jobs for our people , growth for our economy and why should any irishman be ashamed of that ? 
  we went from a poverty stricken backwater on the periphery of europe to one of the richest countries in the world in a generation . 
  we did n't invent the game , but we found a way to play it better than everyone else . 
  it , pharmaceuticals and agri-business ... that sweet sweet growth . 
  jesus , where the hell do you live ? 
  my family home is in the actual arse end of nowhere ( donegal ) , the electricity has only ever been off in a storm , the water is perfect and the broadband is pushing up on 50meg , the only thing that changed when i moved to a city is that i get 360meg instead of 50 . 
  most of us start on friday afternoon and wake up some time on monday morning a bit like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oqp8zc9.jpg ) and try to piece together what we did , who sharon is and why the fuck did i add her on facebook at 4 in the morning . 
  overall , would rate a solid 8/10 edit : bonus [ irish stereotypes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpzbaz3wlfw ), 
  i can , there are a myriad of other parties to vote for . 
  sinn fein and renua are two parties that i would never under any circumstances vote for in any capacity , no matter how attractive their policies may appear . 
  not even as a last resort would i find myself doing that . 
  we in ireland have very strong familial ties to the uk ( the brother ) the us ( nephew ) , and nz/aus ( cousin ) through historic and recent immigration . 
  i feel strong cultural connections to people of these places . 
  however i must give nl and spain get a special mention as some kind of distant relative , because fuck it they are cool . 
  banking crisis . 
  even as an opt-in i expect our braindead politicians to somehow fuck it up . 
  merkel can fuck off . 
  she 's not getting to fuck us twice in one decade . 
  the vikings founded 2 of the 5 cities in my country , i ca n't speak for my ancestors but i currently reap the benefit of their influence . 
  the swedes need to rediscover their viking heritage and go fuck some shit up . 
  they 're being completely pacified and it 's horrifying !, 
  `` this is one race of people for whom psychoanalysis is of no use whatsoever . '', 
  - sigmund freud on the irish apparently , i feel it hits the nail nicely on the head . 
  i would say hindsight is 20/20 , but absolutely everyone saw this coming . 
  this article ** reeks ** of piss poor journalism . 
  the headline is * uk to become ` best-performing economy in western europe ' * and all the article mentions is the g8 and 3 other western european countries . . it completely ignores the other half of countries in western europe . 
  the article does n't even have growth projections to back up the point of the article , it just bandies around the current gdp figure and where the country might rank in 15 years . 
  it also repeatedly refers to and quotes an analysis by cebr but does n't even give the name of the report . 
  the editor needs a serious kick in the arse for this journalistic atrocity .
