  i 'm going to address this post point-by-point . 
  tax loopholes ? 
  our tax is quit solidly set at 12.5 % , the double dutch irish sandwich is gone . 
  what you see is what you get . 
  somehow in the uk their tax rate is 20 % and facebook managed to pay [ # 4327 ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-34504474 ) in 2014 ... and we 're the ones with loopholes ? 
  a&l goodbody defined irelands growth as [ nice ] ( https://goodbody.ie/pdf/morning_wrap_13_nov_2015.pdf ) , which stands for non-inflationary creditless expansion . 
  which means the economy grew without borrowing money , the growth coming from either investment or expansion of domestic growth . 
  the world bank ranks irelands gdp per capita as 11th in the world , behind 6 oil rich nations and 3 banking or tax havens , i 'd hate to see what a developed or overdeveloped irish economy would look like . 
  apple make their built to order imacs in ireland at their euro-hq . 
  the used to make pcb 's there in the 80s too . 
  makes sense in ireland . 
  ireland has the highest % of people between the ages of 18-35 with 3rd level degrees in the world and around 40 % of our population live near 3rd level institutions . 
  a lot of those kids would live at home while going to college and would n't move out until they are 25ish , not with the rental market the way it is now . 
  a lot people from rural areas also do n't move out until they get married , which is an age that has steadily increased over the years . 
  people can also perceive the value of their relatively stagnant wages versus their rising living costs better than solely looking at income in a vacuum . 
  sanders would have foreign policy advisors to guide him on the us 's role worldwide . 
  but i think the american people should be looked after , hence why sanders domestic policies are impressive to me . 
  you know the saying , ` charity starts at home . 
  both fair points . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-03-28/americans-struggle-to-see-themselves-as-middle-class i was going on the data from bloomberg a gallup poll of where people consider themselves to be . 
  where far more americans consider themselves to be lower or working class in 2015 than 2000 , you can really see losses to middle and upper middle in the last 6 years . 
  i would argue that obama was as naive at the beginning of his first term too , but experience was quickly sobering . 
  in the same vein i would say that trump and clinton are malevolent individuals , and that sanders ( although naive ) would be better than the current dog and pony show . 
  the same thing is happening in america . 
  the middle class are being squeezed and has declined by 10 % since the 1980 's . 
  the fed will be asking the same question in 30 years time if us government does n't do anything to reverse the income inequality , and change the system gamed to favour the ultra rich . 
  when the us finally gets its shit together , it 'll be too little too late . 
  people keep voting for asshole nepotistic millionaires and billionaires like clinton and trump . 
  candidates who have no other interests than grabbing power and scratching their rich friends backs , instead of picking someone who wants to make a difference ( sanders anyone ? 
  just gave the october edition a glance over . 
  it looks very good , and very high quality . 
  not quite in the realm of popular science such as ` new scientist ' , but definitely a high quality publication . 
  i 'm sad i did n't know such a publication existed when i was an undergraduate . 
  i 'll definitely be getting the paper versions because they are free along with the pdf 's too . 
  it 's free . 
  just open the link . 
  we like the eu for what it did for 40 years , we do n't like what was done to us in the last 5 or so . 
  but more historically we 've had a bad time with entering into unions , we only just regained our independence ( relatively speaking ) from the last one , and are n't keep to give that up . 
  they had a vote , they voted . 
  the situation they voted for has since changed . 
  they will vote again . 
  apple.com/uk/ and use parcel motel , save you the trip across the border !, 
  but yeah they 'll probably adjust their prices , apple did it when the russian ruble fell in value and people buying in euros could get flagship phones for very little money . 
  actually i 've noticed that websites such as amazon automatically adjust their prices relative to the # 's slip . 
  i 've been in the market for a new intel processor and its gone from # 270 to # 340 since brexit , almost perfectly tracking the slip in the pound . 
  what i 've taken from this is that it wo n't be cheaper to buy anything because retailers will just adjust their prices on the fly , like amazon is doing . 
  this is how the devil buys souls . 
  if eu states do n't take a hard line , people will vote for the folks who will . 
  you only need to look at brexit to see how far xenophobia can push reasonable people . 
  actually we just let the police use their judgement whether a fine and penalty points will do it or if a judge needs to suspend your license . 
  it 's much fairer because you could have been speeding in exceptional circumstances , we 'll say maybe your wife has gone into labour , and you wo n't get screwed completely . 
  i propose a rename , ` the small nations of ass kickery ' . 
  * i 'm open to other suggestions guys . . *, 
  people have wound up dead for less amounts of money . 
  i 'm talking about the car as a vehicle to get to bank , just like a hyperlink is a vehicle to get to the materials . 
  cars can be used , but no court in their right mind would make such a ridiculous ruling in the same way that the eu just did on hyperlinks . 
  just because someone can explain it , does n't mean that someone else can understand it . 
  the fact that this ruling was made points to the legislators being technologically ignorant . 
  i would argue the opposite . 
  i do n't think that many legislators or judges truly understand technology . 
  saying that hyperlinks infringe on copyright is lunacy , i would say that they can * facilitate * it in much they same way that a car can facilitate someone getting to a bank to rob it . 
  who decides this shit !, 
  there is no ` northern irish flag ' , the only official flag of northern ireland is the union flag . 
  flags in the north are never neutral representing a * northern irish identity * so to speak , the closest thing to that is possibly the st. patricks saltire . 
  we all know what other english speaking country they are going to go to . 
  * cough *, 
  that 's a dangerously ignorant position . 
  ireland 's prosperity is based on offering the complete package , not just tax . 
  if tax were the only reason to be there then companies would just register shell corporations and hire some accountants to move the money . 
  this is not the case , google has over 6000 people employed in dublin , apple has over 5000 and runs its worldwide supply chain logistics from cork , intel run their largest chip fab and r&d labs outside north america from leixlip , ericsson run their largest r&d operation from athlone , and microsoft run r&d and business co-ordination out from dublin for the emea . 
  these are just but a few out of hundreds of examples . 
  `` the only reason '' . 
  i have neither the time nor the crayons to explain to you . 
  unfortunately for the eu , ireland scored a veto on tax harmonisation during the second referendum of the lisbon treaty . 
  13bn is a drop in the ocean compared to the value of the tech economy in the country if this ruling stands . 
  ireland is actively outcompeting you and your country 's business-hostile tax codes . 
  do n't hate the player , hate the game . 
  the eu will never be able to make ` us ' comply , we have a veto on tax and we may might just follow the uk out the door . 
  the eu knows their house of cards falls if one more country decides to leave . 
  i actually work in the tech industry , in dublin , for an mnc 100 metres from silicon docks . 
  i can assure you that billions of of euros of r&d is done in the city , this person explains nothing and has no idea what they are talking about . 
  yeah europe 's silicon valley is effectively dublin in ireland . 
  many major tech companies are there now and many more are opening headquarters there . 
  there was a time not so long ago when ireland was the largest exporter of software in the world ( yes even larger than the us , india etc ) . 
  now dublin is currently the scale up capital of the world for tech companies , when they 've secured their later rounds of funding and are no long really start ups they tend to locate to dublin because of the availability of talent , infrastructure and the strong rule of law . 
  eh yes they do . 
  all undistributed corporate profits in estonia are exempt from paying tax . 
  estonia offers 0 % . 
  italy 's time to shine !, 
  point a is a non-issue . 
  ireland and malta both have english as official state languages . 
  both never needed to designate english as its official european language because the uk did that for us . 
  i 'm sure that either country or both ( but more likely ireland ) will register english as an official european language and will take over the uk 's role of auditing the language for use in the eu . 
  you have totally missed the point of the erasmus programme . 
  it 's a cultural exchange , the point of the program is to learn about other cultures and immerse in them . 
  the students are learning about the greater community which they are part of and it helps to sculpt a european identity . 
  i hope you 're aware that these university rankings are more weighted against the value of research and only small consideration given to other things like student experience and quality of teaching ? 
  to that end , it does n't matter if they rank highly because erasmus is a cultural exchange and students are mostly undergraduates who rarely do actual groundbreaking research . 
  the public sector is n't respected by the general public because the system hoovers up cash like a fat kid eating donuts and is woefully inefficient per euro spent and money is n't spent in the right places .
