  [ just did a test here ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/my-result/i/1873488493 ) no cap so to speak of but my usage profile suggests that my cap lies around 2tb but i have n't tested that . 
  to be honest i have n't gotten close to that on my fibre connection either . 
  once i downloaded 320gb of torrents over my 4g , but did n't hear a word from my carrier and no slowdown so to speak . 
  i love how that when ireland has a low tax rate , it 's stealing . 
  when france has a high advertised rate but low effective rate ( even lower than ireland 's ) , that 's somehow ok . 
  can you cite more than one example ? 
  because it does n't make for much of an argument . 
  i give you a referenced white paper by a top 4 auditing company , and you give me a blog and a picture carousel as the sources of your information . 
  you 're the one who has to be kidding . 
  ireland has a low but very transparent and effective corporate tax rate . 
  our headline tax rate is 12.5 % and what companies end up paying is around 12 % , what you see is what you get . 
  my problem stems from countries like france posturing and putting pressure on us when they basically claim to have high corporate tax of 33.3 % but actually charge something like 7.4 % effective tax . 
  which means the likes of macron saying he 's going to challenge our tax rate which to us is the pot calling the kettle black . 
  where ireland really murders other countries in tax is not corporate tax but labour and employment tax . 
  in ireland it is around 12.1 % whereas in france it 's over 50 % which for companies means it 's half as much of a tax liability to employ people in ireland than in france , despite france having an effective corporate tax rate of just over half of ireland 's . 
  to give you a bigger picture on how much countries in the eu actually charge in corporate tax , the average take across all member states is 13.1 % , and remember ireland is 1 % of the population so what does that tell you about how little the big countries actually charge . 
  consequently the labour tax take across the eu works out at 26.3 % https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/paying-taxes/pdf/pwc-paying-taxes-2015-low-resolution.pdf you can read about it in pwc 's paying taxes . 
  go to page 149 and look at the dark red bars . 
  that will tell you how much countries actually take in via corporate and labour taxes . 
  you 'll find many countries offend badly on their effective tax rates . 
  pwc release this every year , the figures are broadly similar . 
  i picked 2015 as it 's the paper i know most well and is n't too old . 
  have you ever heard the saying , ` if you throw enough shit at a wall , some of it will stick ' ? 
  quantity is quite important to quality for a few of reasons , one being experience . 
  if your scientists are doing a lot of publications , it shows them developing talent in research which should inevitably lead to some higher quality work down the road . 
  haha greenpeace ... 
  it would probably transform the fortunes of both the economies of the eu and the us . 
  we are each others greatest allies , so it makes sense !, 
  i would imagine that the common travel area would remain in place between ireland and the united kingdom since a large number of each uk citizens live in roi and visa-versa . 
  they will probably have to seek visa 's to remain where they are from the respective countries where they have chosen to settle . 
  you 're right , i 'm about a decade shy of there !, 
  i really meant despite the huge growth in the economy and accumulation of wealth in , the growth of population never slowed down which is usually what happens in a 1st world country . 
  the lack of abortion has nothing to do with it . 
  for the past 10 years contraceptives have been readily available to the population and yet it continues to grow . 
  the irish are just a bit culturally different , we have a huge love for land and houses ... the irish are way more inclined to buy a house than rent one like our european counterparts . 
  the second thing the irish love is children , and having large families . 
  attendance of 3rd level education is also comparatively high despite the amount of children in an irish family will have , because the cost of educating a person in ireland is relatively low and there are grants to supplement the cost of going to university . 
  if a referendum on abortion was held tomorrow in ireland i believe it would pass . 
  but too little , too late to save that woman in galway . 
  there was no place that offered abortions in northern ireland up until about 3 weeks ago when a clinic opened in belfast . 
  the closest place up until then was probably liverpool . 
  they would n't have been able to get an ill person all the way from galway in the west to belfast in the north-east some 370km away . 
  proud to be irish today . 
  hoping this referendum gets passed by a large majority !, 
  that 's funny because i 'm from the south and think the reverse is true , that all nordies love the ira ( with obvious exceptions ) . 
  sinn fein are pretty unpopular down here , except for in those nutty border counties . . but nobody really pays attention to them . 
  martin mcguinness also suffered a major loss in the presidential elections . 
  so fear not my northern friend , we do in fact hate the ira down here . 
  from the perspective of a non-german it does n't make sense is what i 'm saying . 
  germany has a lot of manufacturing which requires stable and predictable electricity . 
  some companys might even opt to move elsewhere if they find that they ca n't get a 99 % reliable power source . 
  who thought it was a good idea to close down stable , cheap and reliable nuclear power plants and replace them with expensive and unpredictable wind energy . 
  surely this is not good for the stability of the eu 's largest economy , it certainly does n't appear to be good for the physical infrastructure of it 's neighbours !, 
  silvio do n't give a fuck !, 
  2007 bmw 320d . 
  fun and frugal . 
  no thanks china . 
  budweiser is made by a belgian brewing company called anheuser-busch and was developed by a german immigrant for american tastes . 
  they 'll probably go on thinking that while continuing to drive their bmw 's and audi 's , eating nestle chocolate and drinking budweiser . 
  the eu took more than 50 years of hard work to build , it wo n't disappear any time soon . 
  telling us what we already know , but seem to have to keep telling everyone else . 
  i think the eu needs some more direct leadership , but tony blair can keep his slimey hands off said position . 
  slovenia , estonia and then poland . 
  as for the rest i ca n't really comment . 
  irish politics is a bit strange in the right-left respect of politics . 
  the closest thing to a far-right party ( sinn fein ) in ireland is in-fact nationalist left in irish politcs ... which tends to muddle things up . 
  but it 's a political party that is comprised mainly of loonies and whack-jobs , nobody in ireland really takes them seriously . 
  also in ireland we have n't had any unrest or hardship the likes of which greece is seeing , which provide the perfect environment in which disenfranchised citizens can be manipulated . 
  right on the money . 
  the bone of contention for turkey joining the eu from the perspective of the average european citizen is probably going to be religion . 
  the eu for the most part is a union of christian countries . 
  this is more important than most europeans would care to admit in the respect that it brings some sort of hegemony to a continent that is very un-hegemonic . 
  hegemony * is * what prevents conflict at the end of the day . 
  on a floating door !, 
  [ money fight !, 
  ] ( http://gifsoup.com/view1/4225824/money-fight-o.gif ), 
  very interesting . 
  they clearly did n't ask too many us redditors !, 
  i 'm right here !, 
  i guess he has more confidence in our currency than some out there !, 
  this is a great idea , and boy do n't we need it !, 
  why do we let these people in ... . ? 
  awwwww cute . 
  eoraip ab\u00fa ! , would probably be the closest thing in irish . 
  some will agree , most wo n't . 
  greece must leave , ireland must leave , spain must leave ... yada , yada , yada . 
  standard copy-paste scaremongering for the financial crisis section of the news . 
  we 'd rather they did n't . 
  at last !, 
  why did this take so long ?!, 
  these bankers and their friends fleeced their countrymen with impunity for too long !, 
  as a collective of the richest , most progressive and most intelligent nations in on earth we have the capacity to achieve anything we so desire , we just need to quit bickering get on with it . 
  time to buy things ... 
  worst : the un 's paralysis when it comes to intervening in countries where atrocities are happening . 
  the organisation is so slow at doing anything and does so without any amount of useful force when trying and stop these situations . 
  also the rules that the un peacekeepers are forced to abide by is a joke , and completely cripples their effectiveness in their role of keeping the peace . 
  i think both sides need to take an example of what happened in northern ireland . 
  that is grow the fuck up , start constructive dialogue , agree to disagree and get this sorted . 
  they hate us because despite the eu 's current ( and in my opinon , temporary ) failings , it is vastly more successful than any other nation/supranational body on the planet . 
  the eu is the most free , has the highest levels of wealth and gender equality , and the highest standards of socialised healthcare in the world .
