  first thing i looked for -- coffin . 
  this is correct . 
  i 'm not much of a fan of kista , but i think the name is awesome . 
  also , minor correction , hallonbergen is the raspberry mountains . 
  not raspberry mountain . 
  obviously not for all europeans . 
  my german ( and my dutch ) is way too rusty to try to figure out what he 's talking about . 
  please , in english , if you would . 
  i originally wrote deity-worshipping , but i wanted to include religions that do n't have deities , like buddhism and others i may not know about . 
  i can agree to being called lazy or unimaginative for not thinking of a better term . 
  if you have a better suggestion , i 'll gladly hear it !, 
  also i 'm not entirely sure what philosophical enquiries i 'm dismissing that would be relative to my suggestion . 
  i 'm suggesting that the measures to be taken should take into account any form of radical faith-spreading behaviour , not just islam . 
  very true , my point was rather to make rules that apply to the ideas -- not to the specific religions . 
   west should focus on radical islam sounds to me like treating the symptom and not the disease . 
  how about we focus on any form of invisible-force-worshipping where the goal is to hurt others ? 
  be that radical islam , christianity or the jedi order . 
  please , i beg of you : stop misusing the expression `` hive mind '' . 
  it 's a keyword meant to trigger certain misleading associations . 
  there 's no telepathy ( or similar ) linked to reddit or any grouping within reddit . 
  nor is there a higher power that forces people to write or vote in a certain way . 
  there are just popular and unpopular opinions . 
  nationality , by far . 
  only times i identify as european is when talking to a canadian who identifies him/herself as north american , or a us american who refers to yorup as one country . 
  ( sometimes , online , it 's also about the timezones , in those discussions i identify as european . ), 
  i was referring to the us as the bully , not nato . 
  russia and the us might get along relatively well at the moment , but finland signing on to the us in the event that they and russia clash , would be a very bad move . 
  i 'm sure nato stands for all that is good and that 's ok . 
  but the fact remains that we 're just geographically in such a spot that it 's just not a good idea to take part in this fight . 
  russia is a lot of things to finland ; * a neighbour with whom finland shares a massive 1300km long border on land * an important trading partner * a warmonger , sure * huge in comparison joining nato would most likely be seen by russia as a hostile move . 
  sure , a small hostile move , but hostile none the less . 
  if you sit next to the huge violent guy in class , you at least try to be friends with him and not the bully on the other side of the classroom . 
  a loss is never fun , but the loss in sochi was n't that bad . 
  the newspapers did n't even mention any tvs flying out the window as they usually do when it gets bad . 
  at least losing to canada is losing to a hockey nation of respectable pedigree . 
  the same ca n't be said for losing to sweden . 
  not those losses really sting . 
  i 'm not saying people give up all their customs willingly , but i 'm saying people adapt all the time . 
  claiming that nobody 's changed -- ever -- is just wrong . 
  i was gon na make a bold claim about where we 'd be if nobody ever changed , but i do n't know enough about single-cell organisms to do that . 
  nice try , russian . 
  you 've heard that europe did n't like canadians ? 
  what blatant lies !, 
  people change all the time . 
  `` they are who they are '' is a load of crap . 
  people keep customs and traditions , sure . 
  but everybody is constantly changing , even the ones who claim not to . 
  we 're very adaptable as a species . 
  holy shit . 
  what . . the . . fuck . . did i just watch . . ? 
   also being outspoken and wrong in public is embarrassing , but not so much on reddit so people are more willing to throw out ideas . 
  i absolutely agree with this sentiment . 
  it probably means people in average seem more intelligent in public , while they 're actually just afraid of speaking their minds . 
  taking into account the very british accent of the narrator and the churchill/wwii references , i 'm guessing it 's meant to make the brits like their polish immigrants a bit more . 
  so yeah , a form of propaganda . 
  that 's the only rational explanation i can come up with . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not . 
  why would reddit users , on average , be any smarter ( or dumber ) than people in general ? 
  your post smells like this : http://www.truthdig.com/avbooth/item/if_youre_poor_stop_being_poor_says_fox_commentator_to_daily_show_20140308, 
  my brother is handling the procreation part with his various female companions . 
  i 've seen the result of having children ; not much money to spend and even less time . 
  i like the fact that i can sleep in on weekends , play games when i want and have time to spend with my so . 
  i feel no need to ruin my life by having children that disobey me . 
  besides , as the eldest sibling out of 4 , i feel i 've done my fair share of failed raising of children . 
  we 'll just have to import the work force from some other country . 
  as a wildling from north of the wall , i have my doubts regarding this technology . 
  we probably do n't see the sun often enough for this to be effective . 
  but we wish you kneelers good luck !, 
  if this is even remotely true in the first world countries , this article is doing a spectacular job of not mentioning how this would apply to areas where food is in ample supply . 
  are there lineages that have only had women for so long they 've become tall ? 
  i think everybody 's already threatened by the presence of americans . 
  it 's just not because of the reasons you think . 
   i think `` sannfinl\u00e4ndarna '' is their official swedish name . 
  this is correct . 
  that 's where the press got it from . 
  i think it 's hilarious that the name `` true finns '' was actually taken from the swedish name for the party . 
  at the same time , said party treats the swedish speaking minority as foreign , second-class citizens . 
  surely this has to be a joke . 
  there 's no way the decision makers are this stupid . 
  entertainment for an international audience . 
  the us is clearly superior on that front . 
  canada and the uk are good , but the us is superior . 
  i 'm also counting us politics into this category . 
  because not counting it as entertainment is just too damn depressing . 
  yeah , but if the speech was given at the meeting of a party called `` die freiheit '' , that would explain why the audience was applauding hate speech . 
  i would expect a meeting of a fringe group calling themselves `` the freedom '' to retain a certain amount of xenophobia , regardless of what country they 're in . 
  thanks for the info . 
  that explains the roaring applauds . 
  where was this ~ ~ hate ~ ~ speech given ? 
  by the sounds of the speaker and the applauds , it sounds like it 's at a rally somewhere . 
  i honestly thought he was talking about christianity at first . 
  then when he mentions islam , i did a double take . 
  this news elsewhere : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2524183/female-students-banned-speaking-islam-seminar-university-leicester.html, 
  i 'm not sure how this article acts like the us is `` the worst country in the world '' . 
  it lists the top , the us in the middle , and then the bottom on quite a few occasions . 
  this is not international media , this is the huffington post writing about the only country they actually care about ; the us . 
  that 's why it 's about the us and how it 's no longer # 1 in everything . 
  i admit the us is n't very popular internationally right now . 
  but , as is mention in the article , the us is n't a very equal ( and thus happy ) place to be right now . 
  i 'm probably about finland being an ideal and you are about the us being far from the happiest place to live .
