  why is this in / r/europe ? 
  iow , they look exactly like someone from the nordic countries , only shorter . 
  ( he 's average height for japan and mexico , among others . ), 
  during those same times , speaking swedish in finland could get you into the same kind of trouble . 
  it 's better now , though . 
  it 's been at least two months since someone last told me i 'd better not speak swedish to him . 
   '' [ kvitto ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/kvitto ) ? '', 
  i see what you did there . . 
  i ran into two mormons on my way to my gf 's last year . 
  one was from sweden and the other one from the us , so they were a bit lost in regards to what bus they should take . 
  they were really nice and we had a nice chat while on the bus together . 
  i asked them questions about their faith and they asked questions about my atheism . 
  only thing i regret was not remembering to ask about their [ magic underwear ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/temple_garment ) . 
  pff . . everybody knows it was the freedom fighters for russian liberties in eastern ukraine that were being harassed and treated like second class citizens who stood up against the mighty tyrant that is ukraine 's government and said `` no more ! '' . 
  while these heroes were fighting back against the oppression mother russia sent them the help they sorely needed in form of guns , tanks , bears and soldiers . 
  the freedom fighters ( tm ) of ukraine will forever be grateful for mother russia 's long helping hand . 
  russia basically just excercises its right to bear-arms . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's sarcasm . 
  please tell me that 's sarcasm . 
  i just vomited a little into my mouth . 
  if the data was analyzed with the same precision as this map was made , then we can only conclude that more and more countries are finland . 
  the swedes ( gothenburg ) probably do n't use the web for this . 
  they go around asking people , because that 's considered polite in sweden . 
  also , bringing home-made tzatziki - sauce to the person you 're asking has been proven to increase your chances of finding an apartment . 
  no , we speak the exact right amount . 
  y' all motherfuckers need to adapt . 
  noooooo !, 
  not finrand !, 
  but . . but . . we 're not baltic !, 
  you 're baltic !, 
  have n't you seen [ south park ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaasjbot9as ) and [ iron sky ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lr9n3noutaq ) ? 
  we 're the only country to be trusted . 
   pronounced like shoe with a ` y ' sond ( like an u sound , but softer ) . 
  only in sweden . 
  the proud swedish-speaking people of finland pronounce it like a ` u ' -- the way it 's supposed to be pronounced . 
  for anybody else who got as frustrated as i got , that the image in the article ca n't be of decent resolution . 
  like the declaration they gave ukraine ? 
  we wo n't be able to compete with russias airforce anyway . 
  i say we fight with strategy instead of force . 
  put the money where it wo n't be shot down . 
  earn cash ? 
  putin gives money for people to show up at rallies ? 
  wtf ? 
  i do n't think the fear of fitting in is anywhere on the list of reasons not to join . 
  the major two major things holding finland back is the public not wanting to send our troops to fight other peoples wars and the politicians not wanting to antagonize russia . 
  it has been stated , though , that if finland or sweden wants to join nato , they could be members within a week . 
  i do n't know why , but while reading the names i kept hoping for one of them to be a woman . 
  nope . 
  goddamnit , guys !, 
  all you had to do was to not whip out your dicks at work . 
  how ~ ~ hard ~ ~ difficult is it ? 
  a fair point . 
  thank you for pointing that out . 
  no idea . 
  i 'd assume they do n't really see them as having anything in common , but that 's pure speculation . 
  ah , right . . 
  we have two types of gypsies in southern finland now . 
  both of them have completely separate issues . 
  the finnish kale are somewhat integrated into finnish culture already , even if they retain their own . 
  the problem with them is that they actively try to stay out of finnish culture and while some of them try to fight the discrimination they face , a part of them actively encourage it by vandalizing property and shoplifting . 
  the other type have shown up during the last few years . 
  they are supposedly from romania . 
  they speak romani afaik and nothing else . 
  we never really had beggars before they showed up , since our social security takes care of homeless people ( not necessarily in an awesome way , but they at least get a roof over their heads afaik ) . 
  we ca n't help these newcomers , because they are n't in our social security system , and supposedly giving them money only feeds their mafia-like bosses back in romania . 
  so we ca n't help them , and we ca n't help them . 
  hang on . 
  what ? 
  apple ? 
  how did they fuck with us the previous times ? 
  ( aside from making their products require wifi when finland has limitless broadband contracts . ), 
  well , metal is one of our top products . 
  sadly we ca n't export as much of it as we 'd like . 
  please buy our metal ? 
  what . 
  no worries , apparently it 's a term i 've picked up from hollywood and not something commonly used outside countries with [ common law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_law ) . 
  neither , i just did n't think the term was used in civil law , so the common law usage of the word would be assumed . 
  apparently i was wrong . . 
  no , i get that . 
  the legal term `` statutory rape '' is usually used referring to `` sex with a minor '' -- consensual or not . 
  `` statutory rape '' usually refers to adults engaging in sex with minors under the age of consent . 
  ( which she , apparently , was n't . ), 
  i think it 's fascinating that a person can get out of statutory rape by not knowing the victim 's age . 
  but then again , if she was old enough to have sex then it 's not statutory rape . 
  thanks for clearing that up !, 
  i 'd love to have some italian redditors commenting on this . 
  i 'm having a hard time understanding how the fuck this guy is still a free man . 
  it 's the ciiiiircle the circle of dumb, 
  yes , op stated as much . 
  for the record , both the 1st and the 3rd president of finland were part of the swedsh-speaking minority of finland . 
  i , for one , like their music more than i have liked any music at the esc ever . 
  i know it does n't set the bar high , but that 's still how i feel . 
  is that filmed in the netherlands ? 
  you know that , i know that , but i did n't want to give the rest or / r/europe the impression that happens in finland . 
  note : motorbike , not bike . 
  [ this article ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/1759791.stm ) was linked in ops article . 
  the most ridiculous part of this article , by far , is this part :  the iltalehti newspaper reports . 
  get your shit together , bbc . 
  it 's a tabloid , it considers any google search results to be facts . 
  it is not a newspaper .
