  finns are n't exactly known for being happy . 
  whenever two cultures of any kind collide , the differences are usually emphasized . 
  i 'm just saying that when the `` mixing of two completely different cultures does n't work '' , there 's likely to be reasons on both sides why this is the case . 
  at the point where we run into an alien race that considers us a delicacy , then we 'll start to have problems . 
  until then it 's just a matter of allowing other people to do their thing -- on both sides of the isle . 
  they ca n't stop you from walking hand in hand with another person , but you should n't be able to stop them from talking to their choice of imaginary friend or diety . 
  there 's just way too much xenophobia and racism hiding behind `` our cultures are just too different '' . 
  unless you back it up with some concrete evidence , it just stinks of bigotry and prejudice . 
  because the natives usually live under the impression that immigration is something new . 
  there 's also a great deal of prejudice towards immigrants which stem from the lack of understanding a foreign culture . 
  all of these fears are also fed with results of lacking integration of said immigrants . 
  you ca n't just throw two completely different cultures into one mix and think it 'll work itself out . 
  but the natives add a whole lot of xenophobia and general fud to add to the instability . 
  as soon as the natives learn there 's nothing to fear but fear itself , everybody will be better off . 
  at that point perhaps we can start focusing on solutions instead of focusing on the problems . 
  less pollution , less religion , much less corruption . 
  harder focus on scientific progress , better infrastructure in general , faster internet connections , stronger relationship between people - both in regards to nations and humans . 
  generally just more focus on making the world better for our childrens children and less focus on trying to grab a bit more stuff for ourselves right now . 
  we know they were provoked . 
  what a lot of people are saying , and what i agree with , is that police should n't be allowed to be provoked . 
  they were and that was wrong . 
  now they need to be held accountable for allowing themselves to be provoked into acting like some street gang when their task is to uphold law and order - not to act out in chaos . 
  if this is true , then the police should take extra care not to look like another gang of hooligans with just slightly better armor . 
  they should act professionally and make sure to disperse and detain the crowd with a few injuries on either side as possible . 
  that 's not what is seen on the video . 
  i can confirm most of these points work in finland . 
  my guess is they probably work in rural sweden and norway too . 
  but that also means it 's already survived two winters with wet snow . 
  when was this shopping center built ? 
  for those interested , the actors are actually father and son irl and can be seen in the movie [ rare exports ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1401143/ ) ( which also happens to be the greatest christmas movie of all times ) . 
  the movie is based on a few short stories : * [ rare exports ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rg7xbeizf5i ) ( 2004 ) * [ rare exports : safety instructions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umqmn9bo0ie ) ( 2005 ), 
  freedom cheese ? 
  the article feels like dolan was writing for the onion . 
  that article is satire , right ? 
  my bad . 
   syria is in europe it is ? 
  since when ? 
  i thought it counted as the middle-east , or at least western asia ? 
  multiculturism and xenophobia sitting in a tree - f i g h t i n g, 
  i wonder if they 'll recruit sysadmins from finland ... perhaps one could apply somewhere ? 
  early august might be ok in nothern europe , but in september it 's already getting cool with increased chances for rain . 
  forecast.io 's timemachine to last september : http://forecast.io/#/f/60.1712,24.9327/1378026000, 
  in finland anybody who is a member of the evangelical lutheran church ( and probably catholic church as well ) do it . 
  it 's fairly common . 
  ( ~ 75 % of the population of finland belong to the lutheran church . ), 
  relevant ? 
  looking at their track record , it 's actually plausable that the finnish football team would have most success in the field of science . 
  i sent a mail to estat educ who have published this . 
  ( [ sauce ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1o4q2k/2nd_most_commonly_studied_foreign_language_in/ccoyzij ) )  hello ,   my name is moonwork [ ed . 
  edited for privacy ] and i just stumbled onto your newsrelease  regarding studied languages in the eu , released 26th of september 2013 . 
    i just wanted to ask how come it lists swedish as the `` second most  commonly studied foreign language '' in finland ? 
  both official languages  in finland are mandatory for all pupils in primary school and again on a  university level for domestic students . 
    reference :  http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_public/3-26092013-ap/en/3-26092013-ap-en.pdf   thank you for your time . 
    kind regards ,  moonwork this is the reply i got :  dear moonwork [ ed . 
  edited for privacy ] ,   thank you for your question and the interest in the data published in the news release on languages knowledge . 
    data are received by eurostat via the specific questionnaire on foreign language learning ( part of the uoe data collection on education ) from the member states . 
    according to the data received from the finnish national statistical institute , in the primary and lower-secondary schools in finland a number of 186940 pupils out of a total of 531983 pupils are studying swedish as a foreign language . 
  this figure represents 35 % of the total pupils ' population at primary and lower-secondary levels of education . 
  the data on foreign languages is reported and confirmed by the finnish national statistical institute ( nsi ) . 
  moreover , concerning the legal provisions for language learning in finland , the following explanation is provided :   `` children have to learn at least one compulsory language in primary education and at least two compulsory languages in lower secondary education and in upper secondary education . 
  finnish or swedish ( depending on the pupil 's mother tongue ) has to be studied at lower secondary and upper secondary education . '', 
    for more details on the finnish data , i suggest you to contact directly the data provider in the finnish nsi , [ name removed for privacy ] . 
    best regards ,   estat educ team i 'm considering mailing the guy over at the finnish nsi to ask about this . 
  but it looks to me like there was a bit of misscommunication somewhere . 
  until you realize that not all people have the same opportunities to make money and that just because you work 14 hours a day does n't mean you make more money than someone who works 8 hours a day , there 's no way to reason with you . 
  i 'm sure you 're a hard worker , but you sound like a spoiled brat with little knowledge of how different other peoples ' lives are from yours . 
  my suggestion to you would be to actually get to know people who are vastly different from you . 
  explaining to you how income-based fines ( or taxes for that matter ) is more equal feels like explaining volume calculations to a flatlander . 
  ok , i just want to make sure i 'm hearing you : what you 're saying is that people with less income choose to have it so and that income-based fining actually does n't punish anyone . 
  that 's what you 're saying ? 
  ( neither the street cleaner nor the predisent got punished . ), 
  giving out punishments that rich people can shrug off and poor people can barely pay , that 's discriminating based on income - literally . 
  just because someone makes less money does _ not _ mean they work less hard . 
  if i had the option of deciding to make more money , you think i would n't jump at it ? 
  sorry , what ? 
  against what law ? 
  it is the law here . 
  i agree we 're all supposed to be equal . 
  that 's why finland uses day-fines ; fines based on your daily income . 
  person a makes $ 1000 a month . 
  person b makes $ 10000 a month . 
  they both commit the same crime and are punished with a $ 200 fine . 
  person a is likely to have to make huge sacrifices just to be able to pay the fine . 
  person b can easily pay the fine with no significant effort . 
  how is that equal ? 
  is there are reason this gets downvoted without any comments at all ? 
  initial reaction to seeing this on reddit : er ... so ? 
  then i realized not every country has this income-based fining . 
  thanks !, 
  i sent them an email now questioning some of their data regarding finland . 
  lets see what they say . 
  surprisingly so . 
  so far i have yet to see any serious thought put into this by any country . 
  most western capitals see this as a problem and complain to some extent , but aside from banning begging and dismanteling roma residential areas , i have n't heard of a single serious effort . 
  admittedly that does n't mean they have n't happened . 
  i 'm just saying that if they do , they do n't get enough publicity . 
  first off , i 'm sorry you feel uncomfortable when poor people want your attention . 
  as for a suggestion , could n't some tax money be spent on setting up a group of experts on the subject to figure out what can and should be done ? 
  give them a year to figure out something and another to implement it ? 
  considering norway is n't the only country with this situation , perhaps the taskforce should be international ?
