  fuck diplomacy !, 
  your vocab might be worse off , but at least your communication skills are improving !, 
  what a missed opportunity to use the `` best i can do '' - meme . . , 
  surely this picture was taken a few months ago ? 
  or is stockholm still this green ? 
  i believe that 's classified as alcohol abuse in finnish law . 
   95 % * ftfy, 
  helsinki was also founded as helsingfors . 
  other cities that were founded in swedish but carry the finnish name internationally include , among others : vasa , borg\u00e5 , ulfsby , bj\u00f6rneborg , tammerfors , and korsr\u00e5 ( korso ) . 
  we do n't really use the swedish names for these cities/villages either , unless we 're talking about them in a mostly swedish or nordic environment . 
  it 's perfectly correct to use turku in an international setting . 
  there are certainly places to argue the position of the swedish language in finland , but this case is not it . 
  ( hell , i felt the need to point out that it 's korso now , because korsr\u00e5 is n't even used in swedish anymore . ), 
   these states have to fear monger to stay relevant or get cash injections into the economy . 
   what states ? 
  estonia ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're teching their way out of eastern europe as we speak . 
  thanks for explaining !, 
  ok , now you 've got me confused . 
  in context of brexit , you said `` the words of all has been john oliver . '' . 
  how can that be when you also agree that his viewership is too small to have an impact of any kind anyway ? 
  ( again , i 'm not trying to dispute anything or disagree with anything , i 'm just trying to make sense of what you 're saying . ), 
  what are the viewing rates for last week tonight in the uk ? 
  i 'm not trying to defend oliver or even comment on what he said . 
  i 'm just questioning the assumption that enough brits watch his show for it to have made any kind of an impact on the voting . 
  does the total amount of last week tonight - viewers even make up a significant portion of the people who voted ? 
  granted , hansens career would get a bump because a debate/interview like that . 
  but i do still think the discussion should be had . 
  it does n't even have to be hansen and zuckerberg , it could just as well be some else from the executive branch , like the coo or cto , from facebook and some other journalist that would be considered to have some form of integrity . 
  depending on what you say , most likely you 'd be met with a reserved response that , to scandinavians , would be a friendly greeting , but to you might seem standoffish or cold . 
  the reason for it would mainly be that we 're not used to random people striking up conversations willy-nilly and that person would likely be taken off-guard . 
  or you might have the luck of trying to start up the conversation with the small portion of finns who actually do n't understand english . 
  that person might get flustered . 
  i hope you report back once you 've tried out this social experiment . 
  i 'm looking forward to reading the results . 
  fair enough , but the main rails i 've found were rails in towards the middle of the country . 
  my idea was to ride the train all along the coast . 
  i 'm not claiming to know the spanish and portuges railroads well , but what i found was that the trainlines tend to go towards the center of the landmass ; towards madrid - not along the coastlines as much . 
  wherever i go , i 'll always be missing out on not being everywhere else , that 's not a healthy outlook at life !, 
  my research last yet into rail lines going along the iberian coast proved less than fruitful . 
  it 's the `` under construction '' - lines that are getting my hopes up atm . 
  just a few more rails and i 'll finally be able to do my iberian peninsula tour : riding trains around the coast of spain/portugal . 
  if only they 'd add a northern line from a coru\u00f1a , through oviedo , to bilbao . 
  maybe add a stretch from huelva to faro too . 
  where 's that snjo from around estonia/finland ? 
  is that aibofolke representing or something ? 
  absolutely true , but i figured i 'd give the actual translation anyway , since people not proficient in finnish wo n't necessarily realize the level of 360noscope . 
  just to point out , the translation at the end is not correct . 
  he does not call the soldier in the wake an idiot . 
  he says to lift the backpack up first . 
  that girl is likely a translator . 
  coincidentally that is also how we break the speed limits . 
  i 'm pretty sure that guy is norwegian . 
  why would that only apply to swedes and not any other group ? 
  why is this getting downvoted ? 
  ( i honestly ca n't tell . . ), 
  if banning the burka and the burka itself are against our values then maybe not caring what statements people make with their clothing is the actual answer . 
  the only valid reason to ban any clothing is if people are more likely to hurt someone with them on . 
  ( like wearing facemasks in a mob . ), 
   the solution would be to forbid people who will wear them . 
  this is also against our values . 
  oh , just one people this time ? 
  that 's a long way from the nazis . . 
  my first thought when i see this is `` how many of those medals were won by people the nazis would 've had killed given the option ? 
  hang on , which peoples are we eradicating this time ? 
   the difference is that woman in a bikini has a choice , she can walk around with her ass hanging out or she can cover up and nobody is going to pressure her to do otherwise . 
  i always thought the joke was that they both believe they have a choice , while their societies put expectations on them both . 
  the difference being the muslim woman can be subject to physical violence if she violates the social norm , while the bikini woman can be subjected to taunts and comments if she does n't use ( and fit into ) a bikini at the beach . 
  the muslim woman covers up the bruises with the cloth she 's coerced to wear in order to fit in , while the woman covers up her inner torment with the smile she is forced to wear in order to fit in . 
  or then again , i 'm probably just grasping at straws . 
  it makes us weak ? 
  i would 've thought it was more like a red cloth . 
  do n't you have a bridge to watch ? 
  i think this is an obvious sign we need to finnish this . 
  so if i get this right , our gdp per capita in finland is about the same as in sweden . 
  out purchasing power is 5k below them , but 76 % of swedes say they 're going well , while 73 % of finns say we 're doing badly . 
  did i get this right ? 
  i tried using the close captioning and auto-translate to english . 
  cctv all over is definitely a privacy matter . 
  but drones over a festival is already being used for entertainment purposes . 
  i do n't think people expect the same level of privacy at festivals as they do in everyday life . 
  i think . 
  you clarified the problem well . 
  so well , in fact , i started wondering if drones could n't be used as tools to help out monitoring and navigating large crowds ? 
  i assume i 'm not the first person to think of this . 
  anybody any knowledge about trials using drones in this manner ? 
  that article must cearly have been written by someone with a fairly unique view on what `` manly '' feels like . 
  ok , i have to ask . 
  did you intentionally misspell the name bl\u00e5kl\u00e4der to bl\u00e4kl\u00e4der ? 
  ( `` bl\u00e4 '' is an expression of disgust , like `` yuck '' . ), 
  well obviously not just any , since i just gave myself as an example of one that does n't give a shit about beers . 
  but granted , most do . 
  i 'm too young to remember much of this and i do n't drink beer so i do n't really give enough fucks to remember the details , but here you go . 
  basically we had a prohibition ( which ended in 1932 ) , which led to no alcohol being sold in grocery stores at all . 
  substances above 2.8 % [ abv ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alcohol_by_volume ) sold was done so in specific state-managed liqour stores , namely [ alko ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alko ) . 
  after a while ( in 1968 ) it was debated whether or not to sell beer ( - like substances ) in regular stores , which ended in a trial period in which substances containing less than 4.7 % [ abv ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alcohol_by_volume ) were allowed to be sold in grocery stores and caf\u00e9s . 
  much beer was had and the results were ok , so the experiment was extended . 
  eventually it was extended `` until further notice '' ( or something , again , not good with the details ) and a few years back someone noticed it was still running under this experimental phase . 
  afaik it 's now been rectified and the trial period ended . 
  take this with a fair amount of salt , i 'm sure some finn who actually gives a shit about beer availability will be around shortly to correct me .
