i do n't think / r/europe should be subjected to the likes of iltalehti . 
  it 's sensationalist `` news '' where one google search is considered `` investigative journalism '' . 
  so i am to explain relationships to you without invoking `` love '' ? 
  yeah , that 's not happening . 
  you do n't really seem like you want to actually know about why any one else would want to get married , regardless of gender or sexual orientation . 
  you 're in this for the debate , not for the understanding of anyone elses side . 
  in case i 'm wrong , have a read : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/08/03/gay-marriage_n_1730443.html, 
  that post was just full of false assumptions , starting with the first sentence . 
  regardless if you refer to it as `` inexplicable attraction '' or `` love '' , or something completely different , there is a reason why two people in general want to register as a couple and gain the benefits involved in that status . 
  marriage is n't about encouraging reproduction , on this i agree . 
  i just ca n't see any other reason for siblings to get married since they already are part of the same family . 
  the whole discussion about gender neutral marriage is to get the law to acknowledge a couple as a family . 
  since neither of us have any insight into siblings in relationships . 
  how about we table the incest-marriage debate until we have actual demographic of consentual siblings ( or even cousins ) who seriously want to get married ? 
  i can certainly not speak for `` the liberals '' , but i have no reference to why two siblings would like to get married in the first place . 
  i have never heard of any two siblings who would like to do so out of love . 
  therefore my deduction was that the only reason two siblings would want to be married would be give both siblings custody over a child , which i would assume would only be the case if it was their own child . 
  i admit , i have no actual insight into the complications of being in a relationship with a sibling but not being able to get married . 
  perhaps you could enlighten me on the complications of such a situation ? 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  a lot of the issues that arise currently because of our gender-specific marriage laws are issues that do not apply to siblings since they 're already considered family . 
  so whether or not siblings can marry is a non-issue . 
  this is n't about the right to have sex . 
  this is about having the right to live as a couple , with all that that includes . 
  because there are other things to take into account when people are genetically similar . 
  if you 're talking about two adopted people who are n't blood related , then sure . 
  hell , if it meant we 'd actually get gender neutral marriages , i 'd be more than willing to concede marriages between siblings or cousins , as long as they 're both consenting adults . 
  we can deal with the results later , once your sister has her third child . 
  i 'm not sure what your definition of `` deviant '' is , but your post is so full of ignorance that it 's mindblowing . 
  loving a person of ones own gender is hardly the same as fucking a sheep or a corpse . 
  but i get it , it 's an out of context problem for you . 
  you just need to get to know a decent gay person and it 'll be alright . 
  hell , chances are you already know one , but that person is too afraid of how you 'd react to admit it . 
  probably because even if you 're likely to marry your sibling if allowed , that 's not what this is about . 
  i do n't think polygamous marriages are a relevant matter of discussion when it comes to gender neutral marriages , but i could see it being something being discussed anyway . 
  but comparing gay rights to incest is about as relevant as comparing flying squirrels to oranges . 
  seems the paywall came up . 
  i hear ya . 
  then it should either be allowed for all or disallowed for all . 
  the discrimination needs to stop . 
  as disappointing as this is , i made the mistake of checking the comments on one of the non-english versions of the article . 
  the majority of the comments were about how good the outcome was . 
  this is a sad day in our history . 
  gender equality , yes . 
  but our marriages are still gender specific , sadly . 
  why is this pasted in / r/europe ? 
  this is a lecture on global economy from a us point of view . 
  as long as you guys switch currencies to the euro so that i wo n't have to trade currencies when i travel there , i 'm all for this !, 
  aside from that , i do n't think i have nearly enough insight into what an independent scotland would do to the global economy or politics . 
  not sure if you 're making a pun on `` worry '' or looking for the word `` warrior '' , but i 'll just leave this here either way . 
  seems this greek is not so neutrol after all !, 
  nice touch of resentment you injected into that sentence there . 
  i was hoping for something more than a gdp chart . 
  like how the va queue has been cut over the last few years ( it 's been truly horrendous , now it 's only crappy ) or some magical graph of how you do n't have to profess your love to the `` one true god '' in order to be elected . 
  but sure , your gdp is doing nicely too !, 
  if you think the fireworks is pretty in ireland , you should see the irish fireworks in finland . 
  at last someone who shares my dilemma !, 
  i thought my brother was in the same boat as us on this , but it turns out there is _ one _ other person who shares his name . 
  do n't forget the most imperative feature : the candidate must be a self-proclaimed christian in order to stand a chance in an election . 
  i do n't think the us saw a need to become what they are today either . 
  i think it 's just something that is difficult to avoid once a nation starts pooling its resources . 
  the road to becoming an oligarchy seems to me to be paved with good intentions . 
  we are n't just yet , but i just think a federal `` united states of europe '' has its risk . 
  the larger the country , the less power the people have regarding decisions of their own country . 
  compare having to lobby one european senate about getting what you want to having to lobby 15 states . 
  the stakes become too high to handle once the countries start merging into strong unions . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like eu like it 's now ; collaboration without being a single entity . 
  but i just do n't trust the benevolence of the elected officials when faced with the greed of large corporations . 
  most of this applies to finland as well . 
  except we have better internet connections , marginally bigger cities , and santa , [ we have santa ] ( http://www.santaclausvillage.info/ ) . 
  i can only speak for myself and describe the people around me , but as long as you do n't have to kill or constantly recruit , people in my country care little ( if at all ) who your invisible friend is . 
  sadly there is still a significant amount of racism around , so the skincolour still makes a difference . 
  but we 're working on it !, 
  i 'll be honest with you . 
  the idea of eu emulating the us on this scares the bejebuz out of me . 
   point is , the majority is n't necessarily always make the best decisions . 
  so very true . 
  that is a good example of why direct ( or even liquid ) democracy is a bad idea . 
  pff . . 
  i 'm certain neither the german nor the czech government can stop you from creating an infrastucture for this . 
  if you build it , they will come !, 
  well , it 's something . 
  now to just ask someone to build the infrastructure for it !, 
  smart does n't exclude selfish . 
  so in itself , no . 
  in addition you 'd also need to define to what extent the rulers would choose `` the need of the many over the need of the few '' and find means to measure said values . 
  but sure , geniocracy might be better than what we have now , assuming you conquer that main problem :  the current difficulty in the ideas of geniocracy is that the means of assessing intelligence are ill-defined . 
  edit : it also hit me that there would be challenges in the implementation since a lot of power-hungry people who were deemed ineligble for this would use all their resources to counter it . 
  there 's a lot of rich people amongst this group . 
  sadly not any good ones . 
  if i did , i 'd be over at / r/iama promoting the use of it . 
  i 'm less of a developer and more of a tester . 
  once someone has an idea , i can point out the most obvious flaws and send the inventor back to the drawing board . 
  that means i should be rich like the people in dragon 's den , right ? 
  where 's my money ? 
  as nice as that sounds , more direct democracy gives more power to the media . 
  it 's sad , but it 's true . 
  as much as i would like everybody to be informed , the sad truth remains that the average citizen is not smart nor does ( s ) he make informed decisions . 
  what we need is to find people who genuinely want the best for the country and have the means to do just that . 
  sadly no such system exists yet .
