  i 've been told that the suspension of ones license is usually up to the fining officer . 
  if the person giving you the fine thinks you 've endangered the traffic , then he/she is likely to take your license . 
  if this person was speeding on an otherwise empty road in the middle of nowhere and then was apologetic once caught , it 's not unseemly they 'd let him keep his license . 
  well , nothing was ever proven , but [ lex karpela ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lex_karpela ) springs to mind first . 
  then again , hanlon 's razor . 
  this is why you ca n't have nice things , serbia . 
  this shit right here . 
   huh . 
  i would have thought that the swedish minority in finland would be at the same economic level as most ordinary finns by now . 
  but there is still a clear divide ? 
  didnt know that . 
  for the most part , there is n't . 
  but there are a few exceptions that are wealthy enough to skew the average . 
  there are also large foundations that actually sit on significant amounts of money with which they support bilinguale or swedish-speaking culture . 
  the `` b\u00e4ttre folk '' is a ( tiresome ) myth . 
  there 's upper class people that congruate in certain parts , like the south tip of helsinki , and certain clicks around it , sure . 
  these areas tend to be around 50 % swedish-speaking , granted . 
  but you forget that the other half of that group speaks finnish . 
   most swedish speakers in finland region are simple middle class folk . 
  fixed . 
  just like finnish-speaking finns who live in completely finnish regions do n't really come in contact with swedish as a language , vice versa also exists . 
  in addition , in the middle/western parts of finland ( osterbottnia ) people tend to just want to speak their own language . 
  this goes for both language groups . 
  but yeah , in general swedish-speaking finns know finnish fairly well . 
  implying that his name was an omen . 
  it 's a saying . 
  loosely translated , the surname of the gentleman in question would mean `` blackburn '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure rape and trauma are bigger factors than propaganda in this case . 
  that 's a brilliant move by volvo though , generating hype by having a politician mentioning the model name in the press half a year before launch . 
  that 's a next level play , volvo . 
  props . 
  tbh i agree that when speaking to swedes , it would be more beneficial to use swedish examples than using american ones . 
  the only thing that really grinds my gears is :  `` volvo cars har just lanserat en ny modell , v90 , '' translates to  `` volvo cars has recently launched a new model , v90 , '' i 'm pretty sure one would n't have to actually reference their current flagship by model name in order to get the point through . 
  this post made me curious as to which arch types there are for mcd buildings . 
  a lot of elements were a common theme on a lot of these pictures , and i could 've sworn i 've seen at least four of those buildings in finland . 
  i 've been reading freakonomics recently , so i consider myself an expert on this field now and as such i predict a rise in crime in poland in 20 years . 
  all of these are very nice !, 
  but i have to say , as someone who has \u00c4 in their alphabet , i find your m\u00e4star - logo is a bit misleading . 
  i 'm expecting a leader from soo to tell the press he 's `` shocked and appalled at these allegations '' and to deny any link to said facebook group . 
  bonus points if he also claims that the media is trying to frame the soo . 
  there 's a [ wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heffalump ) on the subject , along with some of the translations . 
  til of fyrom and this conflict . 
  coincidentally , that 's actually how sweden sounds , because they really do that . 
  which obsolete institutions are you talking about ? 
  ( i 'm not disputing anything , just curious . ), 
  i can confirm that sushi places have increased in popularity in southern finland for the last decade . 
  sushi is n't exactly known ( or eaten ) for it 's price . 
  =p it 's just so goddamn tasty . 
  hang on , by `` these people '' , are you referring to the soldiers , or the loldiers ? 
  this is actually news in finland and it seems to be a reaction to the street patrols by `` soldiers of odin '' . 
  this is actually relevant stuff . 
  why is being downvoted ? 
  so they 're dismanteling it and recycling the metal ? 
  or are they going to restore it ? 
  i was going to add warwick davis , but that guy is unreal . 
  maybe she should write a book about her experiences ? 
  just to possibly give the girls something to relate to ? 
  only do n't make it about muslims , make it about vampires or werewolves or something . 
  i hear those sell pretty well . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  this only adds to the mystery of why the article is written the way it is written . 
  exactly !, 
  thank you !, 
   i do n't think it 's a stretch to call it a left wing movement , considering that 's all we know about it . 
  i just think that calling something `` left-wing '' or `` right-wing '' is a loaded concept nowadays that comes with so much connotation that it serves no constructive use . 
  it 's like an article announcing `` elon musk is developing a new technology '' or `` trump said something offensive '' ; it 's not necessarily false , but neither does it actually give us any form of indication of what we should think about the tech or statement . 
  but then again , maybe that 's the goal of the article . . 
  labelling it `` left-wing '' instead of mentioning what it would actually be promoting just makes this piece feel propaganda-ish . 
  there is actually no contents at all in this piece , except that varoufakis is still involved in eu politics . 
  having said that , this did ~ ~ peak ~ ~ pique my interest . 
  what is he building in there ? 
  edit : spelling . 
  thanks / u/holmoen !, 
  what does `` culturally significant '' even mean ? 
  arguably pop music from the us affects global culture way more than pop music from any one european country . 
  sure , there are a lot of misconceptions about nato in the scandinavian countries . 
  but in the end , it would be a political move for finland to join nato , and russia would probably see that as a form of political pressure / aggression . 
  the security assurances we got by joining the eu were political more than military . 
  just like trump in the us , he 's riding on the current nationalist trend and feeding off of the brewing xenophobia . 
  after the election , his party was the third most popular . 
  he is the head of said party . 
   the current one is probably just as opposed to membership . 
  can confirm . 
  source : i 'm a finn . 
  so when a celebrity from the west is paid money for showing up at a rich person 's party in the east , are the celebrities supposed to instinctively know that the host is a politician ? 
  it 's easy to point fingers when all we do is look up stuff on the internet . 
  but an artist who is used to playing for rich people and a manager who half-asses background checks might not know the difference between a politician and a billionaire in some country they 've only seen on jeopardy . 
  hang on , so we 're not talking about how celebrities get paid to show up at rich peoples ' parties ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's exactly how it works in a lot of places . 
  how is this _ not _ relevant ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  [ celebrities already get paid for showing up at parties . 
  ] ( http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2012/03/26/paid-to-party-celebs-demand-more-money-to-do-less-work/ ) i do n't know how evolved your common sense is , but mine does n't tell me how much a person should be paid to turn up at a party . 
  hell , i do n't think that should exist at all , but it does . 
   i wonder if they are this ignorant . 
  do they think it 's normal for political leaders to pay enormous sums of money for them to attend their private parties ? 
   how do we know it 's not ? 
  well , arguably , in order to think isis is a good thing , you have to be a bit stupid . 
  and by stupid i mean `` actively disassociating the horrible things you do to other people , with the thought of going to heaven as a reward for the things you 've done '' . 
  disclaimer : i 'm not saying they 're stupid for being religious , i 'm saying they 're stupid for believing a stupid variant of a religion and for not actually realizing what they 're doing is ruining lives left and right .
