  agree to disagree !, 
  happy independence day , polskis !, 
  that snow looks gorgeous !, 
  i realize that 's the basis of a dos attack . 
  but what i 'm saying is , if you ( d ) dos my fridge and it stops keeping my food cold , that 's a serious design flaw . 
  the dos should only affect the network traffic . 
   the systems that were attacked tried to respond to the attack by rebooting the main control circuit . 
  this was repeated over and over so that heating was never working . 
  that might be how you could deal with a ddos in certain network components . 
  but that 's not how you should deal with it in an appliance whose network components are secondary . 
  i hate the fact that the two of you managed to sway my opinion on this just by flavouring this into a modern take on roman empiric - style . 
  i should not be allowed to vote . 
  well tbh , i did n't even want to touch the subject of having the iot attack stuff . 
  this was just about withstanding an attack without failing the primary directive . 
  i 'm saying the smart fridge ^ tm , smart washer ^ tm , and smart toaster ^ tm should all be able to perform their designated tasks without an internet connection . 
  if the smart fridge ^ tm gets ddossed , then fine , i accept it wo n't be able to tell me to buy tomatoes . 
  but i will still expect it to keep my beer cold . 
  that could be a decent option , but i guess that might become a problem when you 're trying to control thousands of them . 
  but sure , that avenue could definitely be explored and is already a better way to do it . 
  i ca n't help shake this feeling that the us does what it does because their information distribution caters to the lowest denominators . 
   problem is only true way to combat ddos on internet itself is bigger pipe . 
  what you 're saying is absolutely true for webservers . 
  but does it have to be for heat distributors ? 
  if the control api is flooded with traffic and disabled , should that still affect heat distribution ? 
  i mean , if you ca n't reach a website because of a ddos , that 's a successful attack because that 's the website 's only task . 
  but if you ddos a fridge until you ca n't reach the ui , the fridge should still keep the food cold , right ? 
  the ui is n't its main function , keeping food cold is . 
   now only probable solution is to hide these services ~ ~ security through obfuscation ? 
  really ? ~ ~ edit : actually hiding them by removing them from the open internet makes sense . 
  i made assumptions and stand corrected . 
  i 'm not expert on ddos prevention , but i 'd like to think whatever service is listening on those heaters is n't used that much ? 
  i mean , it 's not like it needs to be able to handle exceeding amounts of traffic , right ? 
  how about this ; when we design stuff for the internet of things , we take into consideration how much traffic any one unit needs to be able to handle , and give them ways to drop the exessive traffic ? 
  you should be able to build somekind of nope - chip to just cut the traffic temporarily instead of frying itself , right ? 
  i get why it 's hard to get a major webserver to see the difference between a ddos and an internet hug of death . 
  but heat distributors ? 
  and here i was hoping trump being potus would help the us in finding its way . 
   `` given '' , after it was violently occupied . 
  you seem to be in denial . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moscow_peace_treaty it was fought over and at the end of it all ryti gave it away in order to get a peace treaty signed . 
  it stung badly at the time , but it 's done now . 
  every now and then , this topic is brought up by disillusioned nationalists who think we should take that land back . 
  the whole area has no value in itself for finland ; extremely few finns live there now and it 's not a lucrative area in any sense of the word . 
  just let it go . 
  that part of the lawn was given by the previous owner . 
  sure , it stung at the time , but taking it back now would be all sorts of stupid . 
  also , that 's more than 45 years ago . 
  that car was parked there more than 70 years ago . 
  we 're over it . 
  you should be too . 
  young people voted mainly to stay . 
  old people voted to go . 
  young people showed up more than expected , but nearly all old people actually showed up . 
  https://twitter.com/stephen501/status/746806362986975233 sure , younger generations are probably more likely to read the comments and take them to heart . 
  but , in the end , younger generations were also a lot more likely to vote stay . 
  it was the elderly and the uneducated that predominantly voted leave . 
  i 'd say that makes the troll impact on young people , who read the news online , fairly inefficient . 
  i 've set myself up now . 
  all you have to do now to convince me these trolls actually had an impact , is to find statistical evidence that the older generations actually use the news mediums where the trolls frequented . 
  i wish you the best of luck !, 
  what metaphorical car is this ? 
  sure , blame the trolls and not the fact that the uk had politicians actively campaigning for brexit and that the people did n't know what the fuck eu was doing for them in the first place . 
  blame some anonymous , unknown , wealthy entity in the shadows somewhere who showers trolls with money just to push their powermongering agendas . 
  fuck that . 
  this war of information is n't being won by some rich group of evil geniuses ; it 's being lost by the people who do n't give a shit about politics because the drama on x-factor is so much more entertaining than the news . 
  our reality is becoming more complex for each passing day and the news media , the ones who should keep us up to date and give us the actual facts , are lagging behind on figuring out how to wrap important information in layers of entertainment good enough to soothe the everstarving maw of the drama-hungering public . 
  hell , the only reason most of the people , who see this , are ever going to read a text even this long is because there 's a line with the word `` fuck '' in it . 
  am i afraid of my neighbour ? 
  my neigbour is a fairly burly guy . 
  sure , he has a temper , but his bark is usually worse than his bite . 
  sometimes he borrows my lawnmower . 
  sometimes i borrow his axe . 
  these are things we 've agreed upon . 
  sometimes he wanders over to my lawn when he 's had a few too many vodka shots , but that 's life . 
  i 'll tell him that 's not ok and he 'll mumble some russian curse words before stumbling back over the fence . 
  is he the best possible neighbour ? 
  do i trust him ? 
  very little . 
  but do i live in fear of him trying to make me his bitch ? 
  not a chance . 
  that still does n't mean i 'd go take a piss on his lawn . 
  he paid them in vodka and weaponry . 
  mark my words . 
  just because people within russia can convince other people , still within russia , that they seem threatening , does not mean that finland sees them as threatening . 
  it sounds like you ( and certain others ) consider russias authorities and citizens to be a well-oiled machine , lubricated with solidarity and working in unison towards a common goal , which is the enslavement of all non-russians and dominion over the globe . 
  i see russian politics as a game of musical chairs , except instead of chairs there 's just different methods of assassination and betrayal , the music stopped ages ago , but they 're all humming collectively to as to not have to find themselves shot . 
  even putin is playing . 
  that 's not to say russia ca n't be dangerous , they most certainly can . 
  but it 's important for internal reasons to seem more dangerous than they are . 
  i assume anybody who would pay those trolls with money are wasting said money , because those people would write that stuff anyway . 
  if the trolls are to receive any type of payment at all , i 'd expect said payment to be in branded merchandise , like a clinton foundation overcoat or a trump - branded crate of sparkling wine from mexico . 
  i would n't say finland feels vulnerable at all . 
  as far as i know that 's not how the russian see it at all . 
  not . 
  the . 
  least . 
  for starters , it 's much more important for russia that it seems like they could invade somewhere , than it is to put it to the test . 
  it 's about showing strength , not necessarily having it . 
  hang on , remind me again how joining an organisation out of fear for ones neighbour is how not to be a bitch ? 
  yeah !,
