thank god for that though , look at europe , that 's the alternative . 
  it 's easy for international human rights lawyers employed by ngos and the un to moralise about open borders and a ` welcoming ' attitude towards refugees because they do n't have to deal with the reality of unrestrained immigration and do n't have to answer to voters for sacrificing national sovereignty . 
  for a good few seconds i had no idea why you would think south africa would do that, 
  we might handle the illegal immigrants well but we certainly do n't handle the legal ones efficiently at all . 
  last year alone we accepted over 190 , 000 ( keep in mind that despite our geographic size , we only have a population of around 23 million ) . 
  almost all of the newly arrived migrants settle in either sydney or melbourne , our cities are suffocating from the pressure on infrastructure and housing . 
  i think i 've been misinterpreted , i just genuinely wanted to know, 
  well there you go , thanks !, 
  can someone explain to me why georgia plays rugby ? 
  italy is about as catholic as vietnam these days, 
  dude seriously , if there were fucking monuments to japanese ww2 camp guards in downtown sydney i would smash that shit to pieces . 
  this is the fundamental problem that no one is talking about . 
  what we are experiencing now is nothing compared to what is to come . 
  the population of africa is going to increase by several billion in the next few decades , and they remain as unstable and undeveloped as ever before . 
  the arab world is becoming progressively more and more fucked every year . 
  at what point is the western world going to realise that it ca n't be the demographic dumping ground for these societies ? 
  it 's just absolute madness ... 
  because invading armies generally consist of men, 
  what is it that he said that you find incorrect ? 
  you mean you do n't find yourself agreeing with people as much as you used to ? 
  yeah but nato is the opposite of the pre-wwi web of alliances is n't it ? 
  almost all of mainland europe is in a military alliance along with the united states , so ... 
  well we certainly were n't receiving any boat people from mauritania , and extremely few from pakistan ... 
  that is the first headline i 've read all day that correctly prefaces the ` police brutality ' with the actions of the refugees that instigated the violence . 
  you have a really shitty attitude about the whole situation, 
  no , the number of gay men walking naked in public while holding hands would drop by a huge amount . 
  well to be clear , the us is the only major power doing anything to seriously combat isis militarily . 
  the us is n't directly to blame , but indirectly . 
  that might sound like a technicality but it 's important . 
  the fact is that the us went into iraq and deposed one of the most despotic regimes in modern history . 
  now as well know , how they managed the country after the liberation was disastrous and their typically american failure to understand the domestic situation eventually led to the rise of isis , but it 's not fair to blame them for the atrocities willingly committed by the people within isis . 
  furthermore , who the fuck is putin to lecture america about this ? 
  russia is the world 's worst offender when it comes to trading weapons with terrorists and dictators . 
  what has russia done to help the situation ? 
  `` if we do n't , australia will be the last remaining western nation on earth . '', 
  what ? 
  you obviously do n't live here . 
  parts of sydney and melbourne stopped being western years ago , and by the time i 'm my parents age i do n't want to know what this place is going to look like . 
  in reality , the truth is that in the future the only ` western ' countries left will be eastern europe . 
  thanks capitalism !, 
  and considering they are n't overtly opposed to many of sweden 's existing social programs , they 'd probably be considered of the left in the us , with a right-wing streak . 
   stop hanging to the past if preserving the traditions and quality of life that have taken centuries to develop in your country is ` hanging to the past ' then hell , sign me up . 
  despite years of shrill calls from labor and the greens that it could never work ... 
  the difference today being that almost all of mainland europe is connected by the european union and allied with by far the most military powerful force on the planet . 
  pride in military victories is a vain and petty pride , success on the battlefield should n't define a nation 's character . 
  i concede that the battle of warsaw has a significance beyond it 's military nature , but even then , i do n't think it matches the heroism of the warsaw uprising . 
  of course it was doomed from the start and ultimately a disaster for the people of warsaw , but then , could n't the same be said for the revolt at auschwitz-birkenau ? 
  besides , to blame the destruction of the city and her inhabitants on the home army seems to be an atrocious form of ` victim-blaming ' . 
  the poles had spent half a decade under the ferocious tyranny of nazism , and were coming to the awful realisation that the western allies were only going to betray them to stalinism . 
  it 's easy to look back on it as senseless , but in that sad time there were poles who insisted on asserting their independence at any cost , and i think that 's worth feeling pride for , even if it did fail - like the ko\u015bciuszko uprising . 
  i do n't understand how you could think i am dehumanising germans by quoting a factual account of something that actually occurred . 
  ... opposite warsaw , the red army hardly moved . 
  stalin clearly wanted the rising to fail . 
  the more potential polish leaders the germans killed , the better it was for him ... [ after general komorowski surrendered ] , himmler soon ordered the total demolition of the city with fire and explosive ... 
  the poles had no illusions in either direction , trapped as they were between thte two pitiless totalitarian systems which fed off each other . 
  another home army poet wrote : ` we await you red plague/to deliver us from the black death . ', 
  - excerpts from antony beevor 's ` the second world war ', 
  w-day commemorates the warsaw uprising of 1944 , the proudest moment in polish history . 
  ` young women served as stretcher-bearers . 
  boys too young to fight volunteered as runners . 
  a nine year old was seen to climb on to a german panzer and throw grenades inside . 
  both germans and poles froze in disbelief at the sight . 
  ` when he jumped down , ' an eyewitness recorded , ` he raced off to the gate [ of a tenement building ] and there burst out crying . ', 
  the germans brought in their most savage anti-partisan formations , in which sadism and cruelty were glorified ... 
  the wounded in polish field hospitals were burned alive with flamethrowers . 
  children were massacred for fun . 
  home army nurses were whipped , raped and then murdered ... 
  some 30,000 non-combatants were slaughtered in the old town alone ... 
  do you keep up with current affairs ? 
  countries routinely disobey the un with no consequences whatsoever, 
  no one is actually required to follow their rules, 
  because f.d. 
  roosevelt ( peace be upon him ) willed it to be so in his infinite wisdom when creating the un . 
  ' i just have a hunch that stalin is not that kind of man . 
  harry says he 's not and that he does n't want anything except security for his own country , and i think that if i give him everything i possibly can and ask nothing from him in return , noblesse oblige , he wo n't try to annex anything and will work with me for a world of democracy and peace . ', 
  i 'm not sure if turkey and lebanon are exactly great success stories, 
  not to my anglo ears it does n't - ` sick sister ', 
  my personal favourite is `` krankenschwester '' , my sister 's a nurse and finds it awesome, 
  gott sei dank that germany has fully recovered from it 's dark past of the gestapo and stasi and now live in a free society, 
  but these people have n't escaped war , they 're immigrants . 
  rearranging furniture on the titanic, 
  it 's completely acceptable to point fingers . 
  this crisis is germany 's doing , and most of europe did not sign up to the eu to be have a suicidal immigration policy imposed on them by a country with a guilt complex, 
  it 's technically true that at least for now , germany can afford to house and provide for this mass of immigrants . 
  they 'll have to cut services/benefits and raise taxes , but they can manage for the next couple years or so . 
  what no one in germany seems to be considering however is what will happen when the last of the baby boomers born during the 1960s enter retirement and start collecting their pensions . 
  a minority of working young-middle aged germans are going to somehow have to support an enormous amount of elderly people , in addition to millions of these refugees/immigrants . 
  germany is seriously fucked in about a decade . 
  if only the russians had been half as helpful in assisting the investigation into the mass murder of the innocent people on board malaysia airlines mh17 . 
  governments have been spying on each other and their citizens for generations . 
  it began long before terrorism became a problem and it will continue long after terrorism is a thing of the past . 
  but no one is suggesting we legalise hard drugs - they remain prohibited even when decriminalised . 
  the only change is that personal use and possession is no longer criminalised , but the production and trafficking remains illegal as it should because heroin , meth , etc destroy lives, 
  considering that british people have an extremely low birth rate , that is a real tragedy . 
  those numbers are going to come entirely from mass-immigration . 
  britain as we knew it is n't going to exist by the end of the century . 
  good . 
  god dammit i love denmark . 
  extra respect considering their neighbours in sweden and germany have their heads so far up their arses , but denmark still gets it . 
  yeah somehow i think czechs are more concerned with the preservation of their civilisation than the internet in the uk .
