i answered to `` the eu was not created so people in latvia would be better exposed to letherhosen and currywurst . '', 
  - they are now inside the union , and it was planned from the beginning to have them in the union . 
  not sure what you 're trying to say  there is no other more important intent , at least for the early members really , the true most important political intention behind forming the eu was multiculturalism ? 
  i have no doubt you can scan through the endless legalese and highlight keywords that correspond to that as you doubt can do the same for almost any other claim as the echr talks of doing few things short of promising puppies for every child , but do you truly and honestly believe that was the real motivation behind the formation of the eu ? 
  the eu itself . 
  if you truly believe that we are at odds , as you speak of the legal umbrella and i speak of true politics . 
   they might recognize now , that they signed into the wrong club . 
  that is probably true , being plantation states for germany while it maintains its facade of forced morality is not that great of a bargain as germany claims it is its token `` donations '' are no more than an exercise in passive dominion over europe . 
  so yeah , if you 're not one of the rich producers and not willing to play along humbly with the tune of brussels you are better off out of the club . 
  well , in the summer in catalan it 's first cold then hot . 
  i think it 'll be awesome . 
  a new european country , new flag , new national teams . 
  it 's hard to comment about the deep political ramifications but just the idea itself is exciting . 
  i salute you , people like you is what makes germany german . 
   the main goals of the eu are peace , respect for human rights , stability , friendship , and well-being in europe and the wider world , that is the goal of the eu as much as `` life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness '' is the goal of the usa . 
  the real goal is an economic union of like minded states for the purpose of mutual prosperity . 
  you can sugar coat it with whatever lofty ideals but the bare bones of the union is not some amorphous declaration of teletubbian bliss , it is a functional framework of institutions whose primary goal is to benefit its members . 
  i can go into how `` it shall respect its rich cultural and linguistic diversity '' and `` its values and the well-being of its peoples . '', 
  does not coincide with unregulated immigration from outside the union , but that is pointless as i do not think it is relevant for the pragmatic true intent and purpose of the union nor the reason why the member states joined it . 
  i do however commend your hard work in going through that document and highlighting relevant parts , people like you make discussions a little bit less bland and repetitive . 
  i 'd agree with the 1st and 3rd points . 
  but i do think germans love law and order , but even more than that , they like to feel righteous when they lecture somebody about it , germans are great at self policing . 
  the guy is a proto-fascist populist , just because he happened to be `` slightly more right '' on this issue does n't make him a good leader . 
  that 's great , you can welcome as many refugees as you 'd like , just do n't force others to do the same . 
  heck . 
  i think taking some refugees is great , i just think the completely unregulated clusterfuck happening right now is the wrong way to go about it . 
  i tried reading the eu budget report and the only thing i 've managed to see that overlaps with your statement is from the 2011 report :  in order to help some of the eu 's most troubled economies back on track , the eu has decided to increase the eu co-financing contribution to structural funds to a maximum of 95 % if requested by any of the member states it seems 95 % is the maximum , not the actual allocation and it only applies to structural funds . 
  there are some numbers for 2012 and 2013 but i am a bit suspicious about them . 
  i can see your exact numbers quoted in the budget summary ( you simply quoted it ) but i am still not clear how they are calculated . 
  though from further reading it seems the 6.3 % figure is mostly from infrastructure , specifically from two large projects that benefit the eu as a whole . 
  it is arguable that western europe benefits just as much ( especially germany ) from these projects as it uses them as a no-barrier consumer markets . 
  it is undeniable that the exporting members of the eu have enjoyed greatly from the development and opening of eastern european markets . 
   the e.u is a multicultural partnership . 
  every cent spent on hungary by the eu is as a direct result of multiculturalism . 
  you keep using that word . 
  i do not think it means what you think it means . 
  the eu is a legal partnership between _ countries _ , created to benefit its members by opening up markets and stimulating mutual development . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with being multicultural . 
  the eu was not created so people in latvia would be better exposed to letherhosen and currywurst . 
   with 6.3 % of its wealth ( gross national income ) generated by eu investment citation please . 
  eu funding or investment ? 
   currently over 95 % of all public investments in hungary are co-financed by the eu citation please . 
   tackle youth unemployment in the eu 's hardest-hit regions hungary has 7.8 % unemployment , i would n't say it is a `` hardest hit region ''  hungary is perfectly fine with our multiculturalism when it 's paying for their fucking country , how did multiculturalism paid for their country ? 
  is multiculturalism a natural resource ? 
   ask them to pay it forward , by helping another fucked up people ? 
  i think it 's a lot about the `` ask '' part missing . 
  edit : got citation for the first point . 
  uhmm . 
  i do n't know , if you exclude `` te joozzz '' then maybe . 
  it 's more xenophobic than proper racist anyway . 
   `` are you working on this ? '' merkel asked in english . 
  `` yeah , '' zuckerberg responded a dick to the both of them , a big iron dick . 
  straight in the pooper !, 
  extenuating circumstances ? 
  finally , / r/conspiracy and its sister subreddit / r/europe converge, 
  oslo has a huge foreigners population , it 's really not the same . 
  anyway , this article has nothing to do with refugees . 
  so , calm yo pitchforks . 
  it 's rostock , not really a go-to location for refugees . 
  so white you need the snow to melt for a census . 
  they look like a fun bunch, 
  ukraine : atleast we 're not russians . 
  nonsense . 
  you 're just as likely to hear a german 's honest opinion as you are of a brit . 
  depending on the amount of booze and how close you are . 
  the notions that germans are somehow more honest than other people is a complete fable . 
  they 're simply less animated when they pretend to be polite . 
  it 's actually less dangerous than you think . 
  though you can still die from it bullets can only reach terminal velocity when going back down ( if fired directly upwards ) which is still dangerous but much less likely to kill you . 
  source : seen many happy firing at weddings . 
  what ? 
  who does that ? 
  seriously . 
  it 's the same polarized bs that was during the greek thing . 
  no biggie, 
  malm\u00f6 is a shithole with muslims , it 's not an islamic shithole though . 
  that makes sense but the base unemployment rate should be quite resistant to such changes in the labor market . 
  it 's a baseline . 
  did they all gather around the one syrian immigrant there and yell at him ? 
  we do n't like your kind around here , what with uhhh whatever it is you guys do . 
  jerk !, 
  it 's just young conservatives joined in a collective moral panic , it 's a pretty proportionate counter to the liberal circlejerk that constitutes most of western european press . 
  it just lacks that je ne sais quoi that turns a subreddit into a den of crazy , needs more americnas maybe ? 
  do you have a citation for that number ? 
  how was it calculated . 
  i 'm not doubting there is a labor shortage there , but you should have a higher number regardless of the employment state as there is usually a set number of people who are not employable but still go towards the unemployment number . 
  also , if i move to your country to work do i get my own castle ? 
  it 's ok , we still appreciate your pastries . 
  it 's already noon and i am yet to drink beer , eat currywurst or complain about my football team . 
  i am an example of failed integration into german society . 
  compared to lithuania , faroe islands are a football superpower . 
  even if you reunite the grand duchy i think you 'd still be ranked lower than albania . 
  some dude turned down a job , wtf is this news ? 
  so do n't trust them , make regulations . 
  wtf does it have to do with banning gmo ? 
  regulated competitiveness with anti-monopolistic legislation is the solution . 
  not blindly objecting progress on some nonsensical anti-science fear mongering . 
  we have a much higher variety and abundance now than ever before because of technological advancements in agriculture , just because there are some potential drawbacks does n't mean we need to aspire for a return to sustenance farming . 
  demand quality control , demand legislation to fight excessive agro patents , do n't call for anti-gmo , that 's just stupid . 
   i 'd rather have 1001 heirloom varieties of salad all over europe than iceberg salad + ( tm ) everywhere , no matter how much profit the company can make with it .
