  we arrived from another island , slept a night , then took an early morning flight . 
  exactly . 
  it 's tourists like you that i want to avoid , 
   you probably do n't pay much attention to the average english tourist who goes around and minds their own business and enjoy whatever country they are in , why would you notice them ? 
  exactly !, 
  that 's why i was talking about confirmation bias . 
  the actual average tourist wo n't even land on the radar . 
  only negative examples are detected and confirm the stereotype . 
  please excuse my disdain for english or russian tourists , it 's just a preference from past experiences . 
  i 'm not the big all-inclusive hotel beach dweller anyway . 
  dude , why are you sensitive about this ? 
  i think this has something to do with confirmation bias : i 've met lovely people in a yacht club for example , well-to-do upper class englishmen , i would never think to call them that kind of tourists . 
  but when you see the lobster-red shirtless drunk hooligans , it does confirm some stereotypes . 
  not sure if troll or wilders voter ... 
  it 's crowded , but not a tourist trap per se . 
  everybody is on a level playing field , the beer is the same price for everyone . 
  it does n't just exist to rip off tourists , which would be my definition of a tourist trap . 
  i was about to book a vacation in malta , but then my dad intervened and said it 's not worth the trip , there 's no nature left , everything is packed with concrete buildings and drunk english people . 
  went to la gomera instead , sorry . 
  few things worse than encountering british or russian tourists in your vacation , no offense . 
   18 euros for a soft drink . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  i demand proof . 
  crowded but awesome : [ fontana di trevi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:trevi_fountain_wide.jpg ) . 
  tourist trap and not worthwhile : playa de las americas , tenerife , for example . 
  because `` triumph arch '' is not synonymous with that specific building , whereas eiffel tower very much is . 
  strangely enough , this reminds me of http://pbfcomics.com/78/, 
  so why the nazi stuff ? 
  is it just an evolution of the implication of `` krautchan '' ? 
  the derogative term for our soldiers ? 
  does anybody call american soldiers `` republicans '' ? 
  the wehrmacht was n't political , at least in theory . 
  it was a part of the reichsregierung ( government ) , not of the party , like the ss . 
  so you 're saying the eastern industry would be better off if the capitalists had n't put their dirty money into it ? 
  you probably should have deleted it , it just distracts from the content . 
  look at this comment thread , so much ( off-topic ) confusion about this . 
  also , no private enterprise , but state-run collectives and inefficient government factories . 
  that is like the kryptonite to innovation and progress . 
  what does that say about krautchan ? 
  i mean , they 're not nazis , but using it for shock effect like that is just juvenile . 
  how insightful . 
   if the germans do n't elect the spd next time around , the eurozone will break up , how are the socialists gon na save us ? 
  by extending the handouts to the weak countries , transferring our money over the border ? 
  not even the spd is that politically suicidal . 
   the peripheral countries will default , bringing down the german banking system and economy how do you think that will work ? 
   radioactive landscape oh , satire . 
  yeah , no part of that comment made any sense . 
  germany at 1.5 % , one huge bracket was sold for 0 % a couple weeks ago . 
  yes , we are essentially getting paid to receive money . 
  the left is openly socialist , borderline communist , they basically want to get rid of capitalism . 
  there are also euro enemies on the far right spectrum here . 
  they do n't have a consistent position because all they want to do is be ** against ** the government , oppose everything they try to accomplish . 
  political and ideological integrity is the first victim of such contrarianism . 
  these people actually exist ? 
  i 'm fine with political autonomy !, 
  we do n't need more brussels . 
  they look so much like the old [ deutsche mark bills ] ( http://www.broell.de/geld/geld.jpg ) . 
  a football player ? 
  that 's the person they put on a bank note ? 
  he must be a national hero . 
  success ? 
  the dealers certainly think so . 
  i already met a nice fellow willing to fill the niche of the euregio demands . 
  it 's [ legal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abortion_in_portugal ) in portugal . 
  abortion in poland is [ banned ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abortion_in_poland ) except in the following three circumstances . 
  when the woman 's life or health is endangered by the continuation of pregnancy , when the pregnancy is a result of a criminal act , or when the fetus is seriously malformed, 
  i never knew ... 
  these are disturbing statistics . 
  does orthodoxy preach abortion , while catholicism in portugal and poland is pro-life ? 
  the religion angle does n't work . 
  i 'm well aware of the real-world constraints to such a system , i merely did n't mention them in my argument to stay on point . 
  i might add , increased efficiency in production systems does not increase the wages of the average unaffiliated worker ; the achieved gains improve the roi and the stakeholder 's dividends , but the national wage earnings do not directly rise . 
  thus is the nature of capitalism . 
  investments will stay high , and gdp is boosted by technology , but this does not support the manual worker . 
  we have had this problem of post-industrialism for a while . 
  and you are right , while fewer hands are needed in nurseries , more are needed in elderly care . 
  there is a certain shifting equilibrium . 
  structurally , the number of employees in the service sector is steadily rising , while low-tech manufacturing and assembly jobs are decreasing due to global-sourcing . 
  how would that work , language test at the border ? 
  unskilled people . 
  mohammad drawing contest on / r/atheism ? 
  so edgy and brave . 
  same ( unnecessary and disrespectful ) shit in germany ? 
  bigoted and backwards . 
  just saying . 
  there 's always those 0.5 % of vile douchebags . 
  fair enough , i see where you are coming from and i respectfully disagree . 
  western culture is worth preserving , in my opinion . 
  to your last paragraph , i have both circumstantial ( personal ) evidence to the contrary , and i read some books about the matter . 
  but i will end this discussion here , it is quite senseless . 
  they get taxed the same rates , they just have lower ( declared ) incomes . 
  i like a unified europe , i dislike a homogeneous and centrally-governed europe . 
  it might work for the us , but it will not work for us from brussels . 
  what about the retirement funds/pensions structure ? 
  it was established when age distribution was a pyramid , now without growth , the foundation of that pyramid is vanishing . 
  this will not be compensated by higher efficiency alone . 
  eventually it will lead to either lower pensions ( and subsequent poverty ) or even more deficit spending and crippling national debt . 
  i can agree with your statement . 
  immigration of skilled laborers is a good thing , both culturally and economically . 
  what any sane person should be against is the growth of desperate , culturally isolated and underemployed slums and ghettos , where crime is rampant and education is low .
