  which crate of * good * beer costs under 10 euro with deposit ? 
  it 's quite normal to pay 11-13 $ for the beer , plus 3,10 $ deposit . 
  yes , i agree . 
  actually , government investments massively generate growth , by generating more money in the system than the original cost . 
  google `` investment multiplier '' . 
  call me when that happens , lol . 
  i do n't know how it is china , but here this is already being done !, 
  we have organizations like '' [ die tafel ] ( http://www.tafel.de/ ) '' , which collects food from [ bakeries , supermarkets ] ( http://www.tafel.de/foerderer/spender-sponsoren.html ) , etc. 
  and gives them out to people in need . 
  so basically , you need to check your premise , that supermarkets are evil corporations that would rather see their food destroyed than give it away for free . 
  they throw out stuff that is expired and potentially hazardous . 
  why would i be against charity ? 
  i actively support charitable organizations that provide food and shelter to those in need , so they do n't have to steal stuff from private property . 
  haha , are you a freegan ? 
  co-ed islamism school ? 
  yeah , like spain does n't have a social safety net . 
  even the usa has food stamps for their proletariat . 
  if anyone that feels hungry should be allowed to steal from stores without punishment , it would lead to anarchy and no stores for anyone . 
  better to arrest the law breakers , and let a judge decide if and how they should be penalized . 
  poor people feeling entitled to a 1st world life style because they were born there ? 
  do n't have a job and think you can steal and rob from people because you 're hungry ? 
  well , it can be expected , but it is illegal and needs to be punished , naturally . 
  supermarkets are `` those who have plenty '' ? 
  having no food entitles you to steal it from them ? 
  breaking the law should be endorsed ? 
  what kind of wild-west anarchy do you want to live in ? 
  instead of stealing hot pockets and chorizo from the supermarkets , maybe that criminal mayor should teach his constituents how to cook rice and beans . 
  stealing should ** never ** be permitted . 
  do n't assume to know about things you admittedly never encountered . 
  and do n't downvote barsoap for voicing a different , yet relevant opinion . 
  i went to a lutheran school in texas , every day in 8th period we were subjected to epithets about how stupid other religions , other denominations were . 
  15-year old me was convinced that everybody else was deluded , and lutheran christianity was the only acceptable way . 
  they 're listening , though . 
  and they 're in a group that they can identify with later . 
  you bet your ass they wo n't tolerate their sisters not wearing a head scarf . 
  i do n't know , you tell us ? 
  you 're the one that 's disgusted . 
  but , but ... somehow it has to be our fault !, 
  they ca n't just be corrupted like that , it has to be the bad influence of the government and the conservative society !, 
  surely you mean protestant , not evangelist . 
  prejudice is when you condemn a person for what their group has done . 
  a hunch is when you suspect a certain group for having committed a crime , because it is true more often than not , e.g. 
  `` youths '' in french suburbs . 
  what 's disgusting about that ? 
  you 're an idiot . 
  seriously . 
  nobody wants the eu dismantled . 
  the emu is a different matter entirely . 
  did you assume all states have the same exact amount of wealth ? 
  class warfare , sure . 
  go back under your bridge , man . 
  i assumed that guy has a keyboard with those signs printed on them . 
  i still got 2 downvotes . 
  some people are just idiots . 
  that 's right , no more arguments , so you downvote and move on . 
  what an asshole thing to do . 
  use this : ' , not this \u00b4 . 
  yeah , and why should it ? 
  it 's not like we 're in some collectivized economy where everybody gets a piece of the cake , regardless of how much they worked for it . 
  it 's pointless socialist banter . 
  move along , everyone . 
  i 'm saying the citizens are unproductive so they do n't earn much , you say they do n't earn much because they ... the ... what ? 
  the cost of living is low ? 
  you have the causality all backwards . 
  we 're still talking about average wages , right ? 
  thus , a high amount of unproductive people leads to a low average wage . 
  simple as that . 
  yes , and ? 
  did i say something counter to that ? 
  that 's because of the demographics of the city . 
  so many antisocials ( on government assistance ) , unemployed immigrants ( 70 % + without a highschool diploma !, 
  ) , leftist slackers and professional demonstrators ... 
  the city with the highest amount of people on `` the dole '' . 
  berlin is a nice city , but berliners are fucking insufferable . 
  why do you feel so entitled ? 
  you sound like a brat that got his favorite toy taken away . 
  maybe they needed to increase fares because they were losing money and were on a path to bankruptcy . 
  bavarians and frisians are more alike than french and greek , in all kinds of manners . 
  what would we stand to gain from some kind of brussels enabling act , anyway ? 
   after the second world war the far-right was taboo in much of europe . 
  as memories of the war fade , europe 's far-right parties have adopted the welfare aspirations of the centre-left and flavoured them with protectionism and nationalism . 
  one might add that post-war europe is n't anything like the multicultural reality we have today . 
  as said in the article , far-right ideology appeals to culture , which was n't threatened by immigration 60 years ago . 
  multiculturalism and the conservative unwillingness to protect against it is what brought wilders and his allies to power , not just economic hardships . 
  yep , they 'll remain as empty shells , having transferred their power and national autonomy to some remote bureaucracy . 
  europe is much more heterogeneous than the us , it wo n't work . 
  you want the dissolution of europe 's sovereign nations and a centralized government in brussels , like washington d.c. ? 
  that is nightmare fuel . 
  i love the queen , she is like a grandma to me . 
  not jealous of the us economy , nope . 
  shit is falling apart . 
  says the guy from the country with the largest deficit ever . 
  you 're a fucking racist . 
  are you one of these double-think communists that blames germany for your economic crisis ? 
  confirmation bias . 
  you only ever notice the ones that get on your nerves . 
  very possibly just a completely made-up story , to feed the irrational and undeserved anti-german sentiment in greece today . 
  yeah , that 's more like it . 
  much more plausible . 
  we spent a night there in transit .
