yeah , the ignorance is astounding . 
  for example unemployment figures . 
  the average answer was that every second person that can work is out of a job ? 
  when the actual answer is 12 % ( every 8th ) . 
  how the fuck does the average italian have such a mind-boggling misconception of their own society ? 
  where 's your sense of humor ? 
  lighten up , buddy . 
  if people in school or other forms of education count as `` economically inactive '' , i find it hard to see the difference between germany and spain . 
  germany also has tons of students . 
  what ? 
  you can easily see the balaton on a geographical map of europe . 
  obviously not on a political one . 
  meanwhile , russian state media tries to spin the story that ukraine moved air defense units close to the donetzk region just before the attack , even though the rebels do not command an air force . 
  they do not even acknowledge the intercepted phone calls exist . 
  i even read pro-russian commentators on respectable german news sites ( like faz ) that claim it was the ukrainians , due to those alleged troop movements . 
  i find it baffling how people can ignore this `` smoking-gun '' quality evidence and construe some reality where the russians are innocent angels that can never do wrong . 
  my sense of humor is fine , i apologize for not having understood your subtle jokes that only make really make sense from your perspective . 
  he said `` frogs '' instead of `` french '' . 
  are you being facetious ? 
  read paravin 's comment again  i think you might have misread . 
  what 's with the bigoted language ? 
  just call them french . 
  i just said a flag is a flag , and only a * symbol * of all these negative labels if you personally attribute them to it . 
  i did n't defend anything , and i do n't need to be educated by flaming morons like yourself . 
  it 's the flag of israel . 
  it 's only a `` symbol '' of these things if you buy into the leftist and islamist propaganda . 
  straw man much ? 
  my main source of information is western , especially american propaganda , mostly lies and deceptions spread by the zionist world government and media elite . 
  is this what you wanted to hear , op ? 
  those are just superficial , insubstantial reasons . 
  how are any of them economically relevant ? 
  because the tariffs are locked in at the moment they are built . 
  if you build a pv site today , you will get today 's tariff . 
  if you built them in 2004 , you will continue to have 2004 tariffs for the next 20 years or so . 
  that 's why the 2011 average is still 40 cents . 
  where did you get the idea of such low feed in compensations for renewables in germany ? 
  it 's 25-40 cents for most installed pvs , per the [ eeg ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/erneuerbare-energien-gesetz#photovoltaik ) . 
  the average tariff is in fact 40 cents/kwh . 
  it was lowered now because it was ridiculously expensive for the consumer . 
  what are you , 14 years old ? 
  these are all preposterous , laughable ideas . 
  i like to think of myself as a free-market libertarian , just up to the point where it 's still practicable in the real world . 
  some government guidance and rules and some subsidies are a good thing , especially when it comes to education . 
  you ca n't have corporations run schools like it 's a business , and you should n't leave children at the mercy of their possibly deranged parents , risking their brainwashing . 
  right , a privatized education system leads to lower admissions , like in the us . 
  so , no dormitory and no university instead of shitty dormitory and shitty university , gotcha . 
  it 's funny because it 's embarrassing . 
  that 's because sweden is the most insanely politically correct country there is . 
  wtf ? 
  i counted 12 gas stations on that one stretch of road . 
  all right next to each other . 
  by the looming threat of grexit , in 2011 and 2012 . 
  your idea of idiocy seems to be very subjective . 
  others find it idiotic to continue supporting islamic immigration . 
  allochtonen , in contrast to autochthonen , are not orginally from their host country . 
  foreign , instead of indigenous . 
  how many generations they are removed from immigration is irrelevant , the genes matter . 
  because the collective term `` teenagers '' fails to describe the cultural background that caused this . 
  just like `` youths '' , everybody knows who is being talked about . 
  what is the point of this nitpicking ? 
  `` educated '' by syrian , third-world standards , with no command of german . 
  still practically unemployable . 
  how is that racist ? 
  education is not skin color , dummy . 
  nazis literally everywhere !, 
  oh , the humanity . 
  let 's replace all the nazis with syrian doctors and engineers , why do n't we . 
  your political alignment is showing , hard . 
  they have perfectly reasonable explanations for the points you mention , and they have the support of literally millions of voters to show for it . 
  you frame as if they were some lunatic populists ( `` appease the beer tent '' , jesus christ !, 
  ) , bent on only making bad decisions , when in reality they represent and protect the interests of bavarians on a democratic basis . 
  they 're not a tea party equivalent , that is nonsense . 
  the tp has never been in power , they are populists . 
  the csu , on the other hand , has been governing bavaria since the war . 
  they make reasonable politics with the special interests of bavarians in their mind . 
  they are a tad more conservative , but they are still in the berlin government . 
  the gestures by the media , the political elite and a handful of socialists and do-gooders . 
  most of the actual , working people either do n't care , or are fed up by islamic immigration . 
  at least this shows what is to be expected if we ever were to stop housing and feeding them for free . 
  you could feasibly compare refugee costs with the opportunity cost of other investments , e.g. 
  health care , schooling , infrastructure , supporting families . 
  will the `` investment '' in refugees ever pay off , the way infrastructure projects do ? 
  germany is a highly developed country , we simply do not need millions of unskilled laborers . 
  we do not have the man-power intensive heavy industry of the 70s and 80s anymore . 
  this is why nobody in politics even makes a utilitarian approach to this question : it does not make economic sense , they sell it as a moral and value-based duty . 
  you know why the government is curtailing money payouts in favor of tangible goods ? 
  ( decision as of this morning ) because that money is sent back to the balkan and encourages even more economic refugees . 
  and calling everyone you disagree a fucking nazi is unconstructive , to say the least . 
  uh , that 's an additional 6 billion to the 15 billion that 's already being spent this year , * just for 2015 * . 
  do n't compare it to an airport , which is operational for decades and generates a profit ( eventually ) . 
  federal minister of labour and social affairs nahles needs even more billions in the following years , with no end in sight . 
  the comparison is not valid . 
  this is our european heritage . 
  this is what we need to uphold and defend . 
  what are you even saying ? 
  your english is terrible . 
  you are fucking delusional . 
  and because the journey is so dangerous , now german leftist politicians are suggesting to allow anyone to fly to germany without a visa and apply for asylum at the airport . 
  this is unparalleled madness . 
  a + on political discussion there , champ .
