  we have to help these people with more money for education and integration programs . 
  but we should also limit the immigration of people that will undoubtedly end up in these neighborhoods . 
  sorry for stooping down to your level . 
  you did n't exactly give me anything to argue against . 
  where were you born , in * europe * ? 
  why not choose a country flag ? 
  oh , you 're probably against the idea of nations . 
  leftist moron . 
  pulling the race card , seriously ? 
  weak debating skills . 
  but oh yeah , i hinted at the armenian genocide , and the proven fact of divergent birth rates . 
  i must be racist !, 
  doubting unconditional multiculturalism is a pretty mainstream opinion by now , is what i 'm getting at . 
  the idea that third-generation immigrants magically forsake the culture of their parents and start becoming productive members of society is not the norm , but wishful thinking . 
  that 's fraunhofer . 
  start learning the language . 
  it is a requirement for naturalization . 
  skilled workers can come as much as they want , we need those for our economy . 
  * skilled * usually also implies the absence of cultural bigotry and backwardness . 
  wait , you actually still * believe * in multiculturalism ? 
  even our chancellor called it a failure . 
  would you consider it sad when armenian immigrants would settle everywhere in turkey , slowly out-breeding the original population ? 
  oh wait , you would n't allow that . 
  western europe is too spineless . 
  the borders have been wide open for decades , just look at the immigrant neighborhoods all over europe . 
  do you think that the islamic working class will pay enough taxes to support our retirees ? 
  what about the cultural impact ? 
  our entire economic system is based on perpetual growth . 
  a shrinking population is definitely not a good thing . 
  it 's a minimally invasive procedure , done in minutes , not too expensive , with an absolutely huge impact on physical attractiveness . 
  now why is greece the european leader ... oh , penis enlargement surgery ? 
  seriously ? 
  i think you 're on to something , here . 
   in west germany just 10 percent of those asked said they did not believe in god . 
  anyone else get the feeling that this is a wrong statistic , or a typo ? 
  later on , it says :  in former west germany , 36 percent of over-68-year-olds said they believed in god , compared with 18 percent of people younger than 28 . 
  that 's a massive discrepancy . 
  it has its structural problems , but it 's quite lovely compared to , say , romania , serbia , belarus , etc. 
  germans are not arabs . 
  you 're not funny . 
  in that case ,  why would i , or any americans care about the capitol of cyprus and in the same comment  cut us some slack why would we `` forgive '' the ( stereotypical ) geographical ignorance , even though you ask why you should care at all . 
  it 's quite hypocritical . 
  why would anyone care about knowing stuff about the world ? 
  i do n't know , i thought you guys were pretty big on trivia and what not . 
   i 'm just asking you all to cut us some slack . 
  why `` us '' ? 
  do you work for cnn ? 
  you really do n't have to defend them here . 
  so what ? 
  your states are united as one country . 
  when you learn world capitals , you learn the capital cities of countries , not states . 
  you as an american surely learned the capital cities of your states , but why would anyone else ? 
  america is not the center of the earth . 
  what 's the capital of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ? 
  it has a larger gdp than ohio , after all . 
   difference between state and country . 
  itt : germans reducing 16 years of chancellordom to scandals and polemic . 
  yeah , we only want to hear our own opinions !, 
  fuck the establishment, 
  what are you even blabbering on about ? 
  the police are not a political entity . 
  they have comparable rules of engagement in any economic and political system . 
  they enforce the law . 
  who cares ? 
  upholding and enforcing the law is not a neoliberal agenda . 
  neoliberalism is an economic school of thought , not a police handbook . 
  was weird when they started talking french . 
  it 's the job of the police to stop hooligans , not to enforce a neoliberal agenda !, 
  i did n't even say they were all hooligans . 
  i ca n't believe this bullshit far left rhetoric gets upvoted . 
  got ta stop hooligans and enforce the law . 
  yes , the questions were hardly scientific . 
  and age group , 21-30 ? 
  why not let us enter our exact age . 
  assuming you live in germany now , that 's fine ( and expected ) . 
  but do n't you think it 's a bit odd that he speaks english with his dutch parents , when he stills lives in the netherlands ? 
  he did n't immigrate anywhere . 
  but maybe we are missing a crucial detail , like english parents or whatever . 
  you speak english at home with your dutch parents ? 
  yeah . 
  republicans , in europe ? 
  please . 
  twentysecond , not twentyseconst . 
  congratulations , you are subscriber number 10,000 !, 
  you win a free iphone !, 
  the same chart you misinterpreted ? 
  why are you defending greece , anyway . 
  face it , it 's an agricultural society , outside of the industrial pockets . 
  about the same ? 
  5 years ago it was ** 25 % ** internet virgins in germany . 
  that 's a difference of millions and millions of people . 
  why even say they were * about the same * , that 's not true and not helpful . 
  it 's 2012 , and half the country has n't used the internet , not even once . 
  not trying to bash , just expressing my surprise . 
  0 % of geeks have never used the internet . 
  wow , greece is more backwards than i could have imagined . 
  fuck the tabloid presses with their nazi imagery . 
  it 's bad journalism . 
  nato only acts when one of its allies is openly attacked in an act of war . 
  there is no preemptive warfare under nato .
