  that 's how it used to work . 
  the laws we have in place are to allow non violent recourse . 
  remove that and violence is the only answer , i smash up your business and scare or kill you into silence . 
   but if i have a choice between accepting libel and slander , and accepting that all media will be policed by the state for `` truth '' ( i.e. 
  you can only say what you want to say if the state agrees with your narrative ) then i ' l take the former . 
  the former is untenable . 
  how could you run a business if i could just pay newspapers to print that ecoli had been found on your premesis , for example ? 
  so libel / slander / fraud cases should be tried by robot ? 
  lying is illegal in almost all other contexts where you derive benefit from it . 
  why should n't we take severe action against liars ? 
  your concern is valid , but the costs of the current system are far too high to justify a slippery slope argument . 
  i think it 's a simple matter of ensuring there are two principles at work in the media * duty of care for senior staff that is , they are held legally responsible for the actions of those under them if they allow them past . 
  for example rebekah brooks claimed ignorance of these actions . 
  that is not an acceptable defence in my eyes . 
  * a criminal offence of ` knowingly reporting facts which are not true ' or some pithy variation . 
  i do believe that ignorance amongst lower staff is unfair to persecute , but i believe that if there 's any evidence of knowledge the reported facts are wrong , that crosses the line . 
  clearly in this case the line would have been substantially crossed . 
  lying to them is typically a criminal offence . 
  confused the fuck out of me !, 
  is that actually the case ? 
  i do n't see it listed and do n't remember hearing about it : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-35622105, 
  cameron actually negotiated some concessions but they are now off the table . 
  33 % is not too bad . 
  at least 1/3rd of the left hand side is nationalistic race trumpeting morons too . 
  shame what our country turned into though . 
  regulate yo media !, 
   demographic desolution of w. europe oh i get it . 
  i did n't notice the heil hitler in your nick until you started mentioning demographics . 
  funny how that works . 
  the sun did however devote practically the entire front page and many pages within to boris , and they were one of the largest voices . 
  i am looking forward to their frontpages in days to come . 
  edit : express too it seems . 
  yeah i should have mentioned it was n't actually enacted . 
  i 've edited the post . 
  it also took 3.5 years and has yet to be enacted . 
   that 's because the # 55 million figure is based on the eu contribution before the rebate is applied . 
  brexit campaigners use the phrase `` # 55 million is sent to the eu every day '' to suggest that the gross sum is paid to brussels before a portion is sent back to the uk . 
  in fact , the rebate is effectively deducted at source , and so not actually sent to the eu at all . 
  using the post-rebate figure , it 's more accurate to say the uk sends # 35 million a day to the eu . 
  yep , everyone . 
   none of these things speak against my assertion that islam is growing . 
  what i am trying to illustrate is that there 's no substantial reason to believe this . 
  the only numbers we have show an increase in the religion most commonly associated with immigrants during a period of substantial immigration . 
  these numbers also show that longer term , religious belief is falling drastically and the strength of religion amongst the young is significantly lower than amongst the old ( that is what the third link supports ) . 
  i do n't deny that there are a greater number of believers in islam in the uk than there were 10 years ago , but the preponderance of evidence shows that this is likely an aberration from immigration and self identification and that the young are markedly less religious . 
   these are all statements and far from telling danes how to run their country the problem with this argument is that you would not have posted if you were not endorsing the status quo . 
  it is both intrinsic and explicit in your post and you even go on to accept it in the next sentence :  at most i express in a very very decent undertone that minorities ca n't tell the pubic what to do whether or not you feel that this is ` decent ' you are expressing an opinion on the affairs of another country . 
   so even if there is an undertone in my statement it is the exact opposite of telling others what to do . 
  telling someone or implying they should leave is a pretty positive statement of direction . 
  i do n't think it 's reasonable to say it is n't . 
   and even that is n't directed as an demand how danes should or should not act , but simply my own opinion again so is it that people should not tell others how to run their country , or that people should not * demand * how a country is run . 
  there seems to be some confusion between the two perspectives . 
   so that 's far-right ? 
  okay . 
  i do n't agree but let move on . 
   unless you go to stormfront , i 'm not sure how much further right you can get !, 
   i mean , it seems like a convenient way to rephrase the argument the problem with trying to find statistics to accurately discuss this is that we 're talking about inter-generational issues here . 
  there are many more significant contributors to changes in religious belief over that sort of timescale , immigration being one of the largest . 
  that 's why i think looking at long term overall religious belief is a good way to go . 
  there 's a lot of strong evidence to suggest that religious belief is inversely correlated with growing up outside of poverty in a developed nation . 
  for example , in the 10 years to 2011 , people who say they are christian dropped by 4 million : http://visual.ons.gov.uk/2011-census-religion/ yet the muslim population increased by 1.2 million . 
  even with self reported data the uk is increasingly non religious . 
  you may say that 1.2 million muslims did not move to the uk and so many of these were born muslim and have remained muslim , but the problem is that this is not accurately surveyed or captured anywhere that i am aware of . 
  around 7 million people moved to the uk in that time and we can not account for whether these people actually * are * religious or just identify that way , nor whether the proportions of those keeping their parents religious is high or not . 
  religious belief seems to be dying out in general in the west , and there 's no good reason to think that islam will be an exception . 
  despite such a large number of apparent christians , the actual statistic on practice is terrible : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/12095251/church-of-england-attendance-plunges-to-record-low.html you can also see self assessed religiosity here : http://cdn.yougov.com/cumulus_uploads/document/pe06bnkf18/yg-archives-yougov-christiancountryprayers-160212.pdf the census and surveys are a good first step , but i doubt it will convince you offhand . 
  the question is more whether you reject this view out of hand , or whether you respond and engage . 
   where did i do that ? 
  uh , here ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4nvso5/muslim_students_in_denmark_banned_from_praying/d47cwmz you say that denmark is n't majority muslim so the muslims should have to leave . 
  that seems like a pretty straightforward statement about how things should be in denmark to me . 
   i 'm just commenting my opinion . 
  that 's the way reddit works , does n't it ? 
   you literally said foreigners should not tell people how to run their country . 
  at the same time as you , a foreigner , were telling people how to run their country . 
  you really do n't get it i guess . 
   such as ? 
   the_donald will do just fine . 
   accept what ? 
  you have n't provided me any sort of evidence other than an anecdote about you being raised christian and now you 're not . 
  if i were to show you some evidence that religious belief in the uk has dropped dramatically over the last few decades , you 'd accept that ? 
  i do n't mind doing the work , but i want it to be worth something . 
   man , if i 'd have known how triggered you all get from 19 ( 88 ) i would have put the whole year . 
  or maybe not , it 's pretty amusing to see you folks latch onto that when you do n't have another argument . 
   i uh , gave my other argument first . 
  also it 's hardly ` triggered ' to note you have a common allusion to hitler in your username and you post consistently from a far right perspective , mostly on far right subreddits . 
   i know religion is n't genetic . 
  it falls on the `` nurture '' side of things . 
  when a child is born into a muslim family ( like any other religion ) the family will bring them up in that religion . 
   i 've asked them to provide sources for this assertion but so far neither they ( nor you for that matter ) have been able to provide anything to back this up . 
  i doubt you 'll accept this as it 's not specifically tailored to muslims , however you are aware that rates of belief in the uk have gone down year after year right ? 
  there 's very little evidence that growing up religious keeps people religious . 
  hell , i was raised christian by my grandparents for a fair few years . 
  religion is not genetic , but given you have `` heil hitler '' in your username , i think we can all see where this is going . 
   i assume those muslims are n't ethnic danes but immigrants aka foreigners . 
  personally i do n't like when foreigners or guests come to my place and tell me how to run my home . 
   however i 'm not a dane so this is just my opinion on that topic and it 's not up to me to decide how things should be done in denmark . 
  i think my irony gauge broke on your post . 
  you see no irony do you ? 
  haha yeah i have no intention of being an ` expat ' , more an ` immigrant ' .
