   hate speech includes ill defined speech within ( b )   only degenerate systems consider ( b ) to be illegal . 
  please name an acceptable system that does not . 
  the eu has set no rules prohibiting jokes about feminists . 
   which explains a lot . 
  i 'm just going to go ahead and stop arguing with you about things that you admittedly have absolutely no familiarity with . 
  cheers . 
  you claimed people would put up with anything on facebook because they had the crowd . 
  i do not have a facebook account . 
  you see no point i am making here ? 
  if you have a link to any of their websites where it states they were forced into agreeing this improved system , i 'd be interested to receive it . 
   let 's use common sense here . 
  if the eu had to force them to make these changes , they clearly were not against their rules before . 
   the eu apparently did not force these changes . 
   who 's to say the eu will not `` encourage '' you to make `` voluntary '' changes to your own tos as well ? 
  do n't host illegal content then . 
  i apologise for the late reply , i had to go out . 
   in the public arena , where we discuss ideas , i claim that it is counterproductive to censor purveyors of `` hate '' , not because it drives them underground and makes them extreme ( although it does ) , but because such censorship causes us to forget why we find those ideas objectionable because we ca n't talk about them . 
   i still ca n't understand this . 
  by what mechanism do you think that we would forget why racism is unacceptable despite the lack of racist speech ? 
  i have known no genocides , but i know why they 're bad . 
   so if you do have a racist friend , let him talk and engage him in constructive dialogue how do you have constructive dialogue with someone who believes in nuking the middle east ? 
   well , no , it 's not necessarily . 
  do you think walmart is doing really well because they 're offering a better product than everyone else ? 
  no , they offer extreme convenience and low overhead . 
   you seem to think that i argued something about ` best ' but i did not . 
  all i said was that if a company implements a policy badly and it is burdensome it will reduce their popularity . 
  nothing you 've said to me disproves this , especially because i do n't have a facebook account . 
   this would not affect their bottom line at all . 
  yet you go on to say  everything is for money . 
  you ca n't claim money is the ultimate motivation for literally everything , but that facebook would n't be motivated to make their users experience as enjoyable as possible . 
   why would you assume that ? 
  this is the basis of capitalist competition . 
   do you know what youtube , facebook , and twitter really have going for them ? 
  everybody is on them . 
  it 's not about the quality of the medium , it 's about the degree of exposure . 
  so what you 're saying is that this agreement reduces the exposure of speech inciting violence or hatred against a group of people based on protected characteristics . 
  this is something i am absolutely fine with . 
   they can , have , and will continue to make their platform worse for money . 
  this is n't for money , so that is n't a problem . 
   luckily america 's founding fathers understood this point do you really think citing slaveowners in terms of understanding freedom is likely to win you favour with anyone ? 
  you 're more likely just to get posted to sas . 
   you can not genuinely reject what you refuse to hear in the first place ; by sheltering the public from `` hate '' ideas we strengthen them by conceding that they are a threat . 
  so , because i do n't have racist friends , i am actually strengthening racism somehow ? 
  what you typed was meaningless to me . 
   while we have to consider whether it is hate speech if we defend them . 
  as long as you 're not inciting people to hate all muslims because of the opinions of a few , you have nothing to worry about . 
  i am not sure how lbgt rights fit in here but i hope they 're not far behind . 
   a framework decision based on a subjective approach . 
  if you think laws are based on objective truths rather than subjective approaches to unclear words crafted by politically motivated actors i do n't know what to tell you . 
  there 's a very clear difference between `` hate speech '' and `` distasteful speech '' . 
  but there will always be a grey area in which nobody wants to reside . 
   the more i think about it the less i understand why this still feels problematic to me . 
   itv 's shit wording did n't help . 
  they imply it 's some new policy to censor vast swathes of the internet so quickly nobody can complain , but in reality it 's just more formalisation of existing policies . 
   i 'm asking about who they decide at their company is qualified to make such decisions . 
  whoever they like . 
  they have no obligation other than to comply with the laws of the land and any contracts they agree upon . 
   right , because it is your site . 
  this speech is not against the terms of service of many of the companies being forced to implement these rules . 
   [ citation-needed ]  you 're right , it is much worse . 
  file sharing is also illegal , but it usually does n't have a political component . 
  silencing political speech is much worse than removing 101 dalmatians from a file sharing site . 
  silencing hate speech is not silencing political speech unless your political party is one that promotes violence against a protected group , in which case you are already proscribed . 
   and what if they say the speech is borderline and they do n't want to risk it . 
  there is no court order giving the company direction . 
  then you 're shit out of luck , just as you are elsewhere . 
  host it yourself instead . 
   according to you . 
  therein lies the problem . 
  according to the framework decision this is based on actually . 
   yes , but the private company would be closing them accounts against the company 's will these are voluntary agreements . 
  i do n't know what makes you think this . 
   you could create a video , then somebody copies your video , then that person accuses you of copyright theft , and your video gets taken down . 
  it happens all the time . 
  indeed , but despite these false positives there 's no evidence that it 's had a chilling effect . 
  what you 're describing is a system which has its flaws but is quite effective . 
   and the thing about google in particular is that they do not listen to complaints . 
  there is no method to contact them . 
  do you really think there should be some legal right to have companies publish your content on their websites and them have to justify its removal to you ? 
  that would be more of a burden than anything else described so far . 
   yes but we 're forcibly outsourcing the judgement on what is illegal and what is n't to facebook . 
  that 's certainly a bit worrisome in my opinion . 
  not at all , if that was the case then people would be liable for some sort of penalty based on facebook 's judgement . 
  the actual case is that these companies have agreed on an efficient process by which this illegal material can be removed quickly . 
  this is the same as is done for lots of other illegal content . 
  if you want to say something that 's not quite inciting hatred , but still close enough that facebook , twitter , google and all their competitors in the same market refuse you , set up your own hosting . 
   what about criticising these books ( which is basically just criticising bad ideas ) ? 
   please see my other posts in this topic , i list the major categories of offence which matter . 
  nothing of what you say would come even close to crossing a line . 
   why ? 
  you 're being silenced . 
  that is irrelevant . 
  if someone posts some racist shit on my site , i absolutely have the right to remove their content and close their account . 
  google own their own websites , and so long as they are not discriminating on the basis of a protected characteristic etc , they can do as they please with it . 
  remember we 're talking about * illegal * speech . 
  it 's in exactly the same vein as saying that removing a copy of a movie on a filesharing site is silencing and censorship . 
   no , you should be able to defend yourself . 
  write to the company and do so then ? 
   government is giving the companies reasons why they should silence you . 
  i really do n't have a problem with this .
