   could you come up with a worse argument ? 
  jesus christ dude , the guy schooled you . 
  accept it . 
   you block encyclopaedia britannica 1st-14th editions ? 
  i 'm referring to the right to be forgotten work that 's been done . 
   lol it 's always child porn there 's a lot of other stuff that counts too but is more nuanced . 
  personal information , out of date information , libellous information . 
  there 's lots of types of information that can be legitimately blocked . 
   any blocking is to much blocking !, 
  you realise that part of this article is about child porn right , and that is what the iwf focused on blocking ? 
  some blocking is alright blocking . 
   edit : to the people asking me for examples , how about the recent charges levied against comedians in germany and i think denmark for insulting foreign heads of state ? 
  when you learn when those laws were created , you will understand why you are wrong . 
   that literally covers all immigrants . 
  so do n't call for the death or hatred of all immigrants just because they 're not from the uk . 
  then you wo n't be breaking the law . 
  right and many watched their property be whipped while enjoying their freedom of speech . 
  the us did not invent the concept , nor has it a less bloody history than any of our nations . 
  the mccarthy era was pretty recent all things considered . 
  i do n't know much about japan 's system at all really . 
  they rank quite low on the press freedom index though and they certainly censor ` offensive ' things in porn so i doubt they fit into the parent poster 's categories well . 
  the specifics depend on how it 's written into law into your own country i believe . 
  this document just describes what must be made illegal . 
  i expect for most countries they fold the second into the first as both include the requirement for inciting violence or hatred . 
  edit : here is a report on the implementation of this decision : http://ec.europa.eu/justice/fundamental-rights/files/com_2014_27_en.pdf edit : and the appropriate section with regard to genocide :  thirteen member states ( be , cz , dk , de , ee , el , ie , hu , nl , at , fi , se and uk ) have no criminal-law provisions governing this conduct . 
  de and nl state that national case law applicable to holocaust denial and/or trivialisation would also apply to the conduct covered by this article . 
  with regard to the holocaust :  the remaining 15 member states ( bg , dk , ee , el , ie , es , hr , it , lv , mt , nl , pt , fi , se and uk ) have no specific provisions criminalising this form of conduct . 
  nl , fi and uk have submitted sentencing rulings for trivialisation , condoning and denial of the holocaust , based on criminal-law provisions punishing respectively incitement , ethnic agitation or stirring up of hatred . 
   hate speech and libel are two different things . 
  and in the us you almost always need a court order for libel to be removed . 
  that 's irrelevant though , as all the big companies we discussed will happily remove said speech . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's in each tos . 
   if you think these 4 companies collectively got together and asked to be more regulated in only one market i think here is the crux of your confusion . 
  this speech has been illegal for some time now . 
  this is a new agreement for a more efficient mechanism , not increased regulation . 
   the fact they only implemented these policies in the eu where they are subject to this `` voluntary '' agreement is very telling . 
  honestly i 've not seen a particularly great cite on this . 
   saying that laws ca n't be written perfectly so you should n't criticise them if they 're poorly written is wrong . 
  but that 's not what i said . 
  i said that you ca n't write laws that are n't open to abuse . 
  everything can be abused , and what you described were the actions of the police , which while based on a framework of law , carry out their actions based on the judgement of local commanders . 
  nowhere in the law does it say `` you must warn people who post things that could potentially be misconstrued '' or anything like that . 
  it criminalises inciting violence or hatred , those are the issues that matter . 
   was it really ? 
  i think it 's very far fetched to say that he was potentially inciting a riot . 
  i think that the local force must have received a specific complaint . 
  i ca n't imagine they 're that light on work they would have bothered otherwise . 
   if the police turned up at your door tomorrow and said watch yourself or you might be held for incitement to commit drugs offences , would you think that 's ok ? 
  no , because incitement to take drugs is not a crime . 
  honestly though i do n't see why an officer knocking on your door is taken to be that big of a deal . 
  i expect the equivalent if i drive in an unsafe manner , or if someone lodges a complaint against something potentially criminal about my house . 
  if the guy had responded to the officer with aggression and racism , then the police may have had cause to be more concerned , and as a result have gained potential intelligence . 
  honestly this strikes me as a bit of a waste of time , but driven by good policing strategy . 
   i 'm just uncomfortable with the idea of the government telling companies to police what the consider to be offensive language . 
  what is also key to remember here is that this is not `` offensive language '' but language which is either immediately dangerous ( incitement to violence ) or language which serves to violate the rights of others ( incitement to hatred ) the youtube scenario is a little more extreme , due to it being a combination of bad law , large predatory companies and the extreme expense of running the platform . 
  despite this if they take your video down , you can use one of their competitors . 
  the same is true for the minority of opinions which fall just short of inciting violence but are too extreme for the larger companies to host . 
   of course you ca n't write perfect laws does that mean we should n't try not to write vague and abusable laws . 
  if we ca n't do it perfectly then why even try at all , eh ? 
   the framework decision that began all of this seems to be pretty well written . 
  what are your complaints with it ? 
   well to quote a wise redditor : that 's nice , but i think i could have written the current uk drug laws better and i bet you do n't disagree with me either , so you pretty much just conceded your point . 
   he had the police come to his door and issue him a warning after he posted on twitter that he disagreed with government policy . 
  he did n't even try to stir up a riot . 
  do you honestly think that 's acceptable ? 
  really ? 
  i really do n't see the problem . 
  what he posted was interpretable either way , and the other examples given were equally so . 
   lets say in the upcoming election you post a comment online that says you do n't think people should vote troy . 
  if the police turned up the next day and said toy watch yourself , do you think that 'd be fine ? 
  no because that 's quite literally an entirely different scenario . 
  if i said `` tories are going to win manchester , let 's all get together in the centre and resist them '' then that becomes much closer to ` inciting a riot ' and something for the police to be concerned about . 
   this is exactly what i 'm talking about regarding laws that can be abused and honestly it 's crazy that you 're defending it . 
  i do n't think you understand the first thing about how laws or the police work . 
  i mean that with all respect . 
   of course the companies are going to paint it as a positive . 
  they have advertising departments . 
  so literally even the people responsible at the companies telling you is insufficient . 
  you are aware right that these hate speech laws have been around now for something like 7.5 years ? 
  i 'm pretty sure all of these companies will take down illegal speech in the us too . 
  try making a libellous claim and see how long facebook back you up in the us . 
  as in my reply to you here , please do more than read one article before claiming facts not supported by its contents . 
   let me post the relevant part of the article for you . 
  emphasis added for ease of understanding . 
   you should do more than 2 seconds research on a subject . 
  http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-16-1937_en.htm including quotes from all major companies involved welcoming the agreement . 
  if you think you can write law that can not be abused , you are living in a fantasy land . 
  the new uk drugs laws are very bad , but for entirely different reasons . 
  the person you 're referencing was warned politely not to try and stir up a riot . 
  does n't even appear he was arrested , nevermind charged or convicted . 
   from what i understand , it should be as follows . 
   where exactly have you gained this understanding from ? 
  it is wrong in its entirety . 
  you must not publicly incite violence or hatred against a group based on a limited set of criteria . 
  this has been the case in the eu for around a decade . 
   to be fair mate , you are in the extreme minority in that case i 'm aware , but the parent poster was describing things as if facebook is a requirement , and that them blocking your account because you wo n't stop posting incitements to violence against muslims is a violation of your rights . 
  this is clearly nonsense , and i also remember a time where all my friends had myspace accounts . 
  facebook is not ubiquitous nor mandatory nor even that popular anymore . 
  so what exactly is your argument ? 
  anything with false positives is unacceptable , so tear down the entire judicial system ?
