  i am looking primarily at the mid-south , clermont ferrand and similar . 
  somewhere i can buy up to a couple hundred acres on a south facing slope , with very dark skies . 
  it 's looking like i have to move to london for work anyway , at least to get paid ` properly ' so i might even look at eu jobs very shortly . 
   if you are willing to learn french ( which will happen fast once you 're in the french speaking environment ) most people will be very welcoming . 
   that 's my intention . 
  i was looking at buying some land in a few years in order to build myself a retirement home . 
  i know you have retirement visas but i was hoping for the ability to work for 2-4 weeks/year to fund living costs . 
  anyway , let 's hope that cameron and his cronies do n't fuck me . 
   it might not be a lie , just a blatantly twisted statistic . 
   it used to be that , but since every official body has come out and stated that this figure is bogus as it ignores the fact we do n't even pay that much due to the most basic rebate , it 's now a lie . 
  the leave campaigners ** know ** this figure is wrong , but it seems they simply do n't care . 
   it is a fact that britain gives 350m a week to the eu . 
  this is undisputed it is disputed by every official body and everyone who has read anything on the matter . 
  we have never sent # 350m/week to the eu . 
  again i have nothing to say other than to praise you for an excellent post . 
  it does sound like d\u00e9sintox is a good idea . 
  funnily enough , i hope to move to france regardless of referendum . 
  i have enough skills , money , youth and time to do so without eea but my french language skills are far below what would be required :d, 
   in politics , everything is opinion . 
  it 's the only measure of success : if you managed to convince or persuade the public , you won . 
   you 're absolutely right , but we have some laws in the uk to prevent lies being for example , included in advertisement . 
  i find it shocking that such a blatant and well known lie can still be being promoted by one of the officially endorsed campaigns , 10 days from the referendum . 
  it is as anti-democracy as you can possibly get . 
  nobody can make rational decisions based on deliberately misrepresented evidence . 
  i have nothing to say but to upvote you . 
  you 're right of course . 
   we wo n't leave , when the day comes we remains will come , either like the silent tory vote or last minute nerves causing change of minds . 
   i hope that 's the case , the latest polls however are very disheartening . 
   i do n't agree its all racism and lies i did n't mean to imply it was * all * . 
  there are legitimate reasons to want to exit the eu . 
  i 'm just not a fan of permitting actual lies to be used , that 's my biggest complaint . 
   to say we 'd lose our working rights is a guess it 's not likely to seriously affect uk citizens . 
  they want to do things like remove the protection against deporting people to nations that torture . 
  this requires the removal of the echr and an implementation of a `` british bill of rights '' which will be substantially less friendly . 
  no , it is not . 
  please stop lying . 
   i was under the impression our costs were # 350 million a week , but thats only outgoing costs , we do receive more back in funding and rebate . 
   we do n't send # 350m/week . 
  we never have , we never would be required to . 
   no side is been honest , so ca n't really believe either have you read how the leave campaign has behaved ? 
  it 's disgraceful . 
  it looks increasingly likely we 're going to vote to exit the eu based on racism and lies . 
  the uk is fucked long term . 
  we 're going to revoke the rights of hundreds of thousands to service a few hundred business owners . 
   can people stand up and lie to sway voters ? 
  i see you 're new to politics , sonnyboy . 
  i was under the impression it was ok if you could justify things as `` my opinion '' . 
  i was not under the impression it was ok to completely lie about factual matters . 
   it 's not a lie , the eu takes # 350m however part it is returned by rebate no , this is a lie . 
  the eu does not take # 350m . 
   except now they ca n't unring the bell . 
  events have overtaken them and there are a large number of people out there who 've swallowed the fearmongering propaganda hook line and sinker . 
   the one thing that confuses me . 
  we had a leaflet put through our door today that claims `` official facts : # 350m/week to europe '' . 
  we already know this is complete lies , but is there absolutely no legislation that prohibits this ? 
  can people literally just stand up and lie about factual matters in order to sway voters ? 
  that 's terrifying . 
   these things spread geographically . 
   if you support the nations around you and make sure they are stable and healthy societies , your country will be stable too . 
   terrorist atrocities and large scale migration show that to not always be true . 
   thats why its important to start with your immediate neighbours . 
  sure you can slowly work your way outwards . 
  but its completely pointless to support a random country on the other side of the world . 
  this is a false dichotomy , you can happily do both . 
  the eu is our local area , but by enforcing minimum human rights , by refusing to trade with people who violate them , these things can be done globally . 
  both are good policies and both are ultimately helpful . 
   oh wait , but in this case it does matter , you can send your money to ngos to help them !, 
  sure , but we 're talking about people not being deported to a country where they 'll face torture or slavery etc. 
  this is a question of policy rather than donations . 
   if the majority of my country would truly be in favour of helping , via a basic democratic decision , then it 's acceptable . 
  i do n't really see that majority rule is a particularly great way to go . 
  we 've seen from history that it 's not very effective at preventing oppression and horror . 
  instead most developed nations have settled on the idea of rights which can not be trivially overturned by majority opinion . 
  i believe this is a good solution and that we have a moral duty not to deport anyone to one of these nations . 
   also your analogy is positive whereas i talked about negation . 
  i 'm not sure why it matters , there 's lots of things i do n't want to pay for but i accept that this is part of living in a society . 
  not everything is the way i want it but i have an amazingly luxurious life in the uk and have little room for complaint . 
   but the practical reasons for supporting other people decrease with their distance from you and decrease further with borders , natural or artificial . 
   while your argument is fairly sound from a ` selfish ' ( not meant insultingly ) logistical point of view , it 's rather short sighted and unprincipled in my opinion . 
  in my view it 's of vital importance to look at the larger scale and longer term effects of policies like this . 
  the phrase ' a rising tide lifts all boats ' comes to mind . 
  you might argue that the existence of states where people are treated as property or worse has no direct effect on you , but the larger scale effects do . 
  these policies are somewhat viral , they actively spread inequality , poverty and as a result , crime and disorder . 
  as we 've seen over the last century , if this way of thinking ( ` us vs them ' where ` they ' are subhuman or otherwise undeserving of equal protections ) is permitted to spread or take root then horrific crimes can be perpetrated . 
  we 're almost half the world away from the middle east , but yet the effects of the conflicts there are clearly present on our society . 
  if we work globally to prevent this sort of action , we reap the rewards eventually , even if your council tax does n't immediately drop . 
   well i do n't want to pay for it , what now ? 
  there 's lots of things i want too , but i 'm afraid that just does n't matter . 
  it 's wrong because it 's a false dichotomy . 
  the options are n't `` send everyone back '' vs `` pay all your income to support them '' . 
  there 's a reasonable middle ground and sending someone back to be conscripted and tortured is unacceptable . 
  i 'll happily pay a portion of my income to support those who ca n't defend themselves . 
  that 's exactly what i already do with the police for example and i do n't see that the person 's nationality matters in that . 
   that 's a bad practice it is not . 
  you 're comparing a cryptographic system that has been quite well peer reviewed and tested to wordpress . 
  one of the most well known insecure and badly written pieces of shit widely deployed . 
  i do n't even chown most of the files to the wordpress id when installing it because it 's * so much * of a security risk . 
  if you do n't think the hundreds of thousands of automatic exploitation bots are n't evidence enough i recommend you go talk to any wp hosting company . 
  it 's suicidally shit . 
   just go ahead and use all of your available income to support them .
