  as illustrated with copyright infringement , defamation and a number of other factors , this is already common . 
   i 'm saying that they 'll have an arbitrary list of words with no regard to context and they 'll start removing messages that for whatever reason the bot does n't like . 
  if this effect is burdensome , then their platform will become less popular and they 'll likely have to change it . 
  honestly it 's quite a slippery slope you 're describing but the same arguments have been used for at least a decade now , and yet anti immigrant speech is everywhere . 
  i do n't think what you 're talking about is hugely likely , these companies already have to deal with endless tens of thousands of complaints daily . 
  setting up a framework to increase efficiency is to everyone but the racists benefit . 
   seems clear-cut that it is , yet the books these ideas come from would fall under the protection of the directive while criticising the books would result in censorship under the same directive . 
   they would not . 
  if you as a christian incited people to stone homosexuals to death you would indeed be breaking the law . 
  the case for muslims attacking apostates would ( probably ) not count under these particular hate speech related laws , but almost certainly would be a crime under an incitement statute in many countries ( i 'm not really that familiar with law across the entire eu )  let 's discuss why we have a rise in hate speech , why we have a rise in the right across europe . 
  nobody is stopping or even arguing against that ? 
   i 'm certain that these companies will just implement bots who search for certain keywords like `` immigrants '' and start taking them down en masse . 
  are you really certain about this ? 
  do you really think any of these companies think their products could survive if they censored anything including the word `` immigrants '' ? 
  come on . 
  i appreciate the point you 're making but your statement there is ridiculous hyperbole . 
   i 'm not entirely against regulation for combating hate speech , but this is just horrible . 
  why ? 
  we 're talking about speech which is already illegal . 
   in this way , the eu is indirectly responsible for people being unjustifiably punished without trial . 
  i do n't particularly consider `` having your twitter account closed '' to be in the same category as actual punishment . 
  private companies are free to close your account for a multitude of reasons , including no reason at all . 
   so one of the categories that will be blocked is anti-immigrant speech ? 
  who defines what counts as inappropriate anti-immigrant speech ? 
  it is defined by the relevant law in your country . 
  specifically they are referring to the following ( plus supplemental aiding , abetting and inciting considerations )  publicly inciting to violence or hatred directed against a group of persons or a member of such a group defined by reference to race , colour , religion , descent or national or ethnic origin ;  publicly condoning , denying or grossly trivialising crimes of genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes as defined in articles 6 , 7 and 8 of the statute of the international criminal court , directed against a group of persons or a member of such a group defined by reference to race , colour , religion , descent or national or ethnic origin when the conduct is carried out in a manner likely to incite to violence or hatred against such a group or a member of such a group ; these are the key two excerpted out of a slightly larger collection , but there is nothing to do with anti-immigration or anything like that . 
  the actual full release you can find here : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-16-1937_en.htm refers to the framework decision underlying these discussions : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2008:328:0055:0058:en:pdf beginning on the middle right of page 2 are a list of the actual categories . 
   let 's say i tell a joke about feminism , and one of the employees at facebook sees a report of it as hate speech , and this employee has just happened to have done some gender studies course and decides based on his/her personal views that the joke is hate speech , do they then have the power to remove my joke and block my access ? 
   they 've always had the power to remove your access to facebook for basically any reason . 
  they are a private company and they set any rules they want on their own site . 
   the issue is , the law does n't differentiate . 
  it literally only states `` block illegal hate-speech . '', 
  this seems to be a voluntary agreement by the private companies involved . 
  please cite . 
  we 've operated a breeding system based on alcohol fuelled sexual selection for a few hundred years . 
   where governments ( in democratic countries ) have been found to have caused or allowed harm to their citizens , they do pay compensation - such cases are legion . 
   are they ? 
  can you show me some examples in the uk please . 
   the problem is that the law that deprived them was improperly made , making it a non-law . 
  had the government properly formed the law that deprived the music industry of private copying revenues , there would be no compensation . 
  perhaps i am wrong , but from all that i have read the reason the law was ` improperly made ' is due to the lack of compensation included in it . 
  that is the only criteria i have seen ? 
   people should at least be given the chance to read and view these things . 
  yeah i mean it 's not like people in this thread have completely the wrong idea and are posting ludicrous racist shit or anything . 
  you really ca n't see why the moderators do n't want to deal with hundreds upon hundreds of racist posters offering absolutely 0 relevant comment ? 
  come on . 
   the court did not decide that copying done under the legal exception would be either ruled illegal or compensated . 
  the government did not withdraw the law for fear of such compensation , or suggest that there should be compensation for private copying under the law . 
   you 're completely wrong on this . 
  this is the whole crux of the matter . 
  i quote directly  mill said the music industry welcomed the government 's measures , `` but objects to the lack of a fair compensation scheme to compensate rights owners for the harm caused -- both historically and in the future -- by private copying infringements of their rights '' . 
  i 've made it very clear why i think these ` rights owners ' are not due compensation . 
  please explain to me how it 's possible for a government to pass legislation that causes the deaths of hundreds if not thousands of the poorest without any obligation to provide compensation , but yet must provide compensation to allow the most trivial of basic rights to its citizens . 
  it 's utter nonsense . 
  no company has a right to be protected against the ` harm caused ' to their shitty business from a change in the law . 
  isds simply makes this more widespread and problematic . 
  i do n't know what more i can say to make my point clearer . 
   but nothing in what you 've cited prevents renationalisation , it just requires compensation . 
   that very fact might be what prevents nationalisation . 
  what i am concerned with is that this seems to insert a special procedure / exemption into the law where none exists for the private citizen . 
  when the government gives tax breaks to the wealthy , they are not required to compensate the poor . 
  when a government reduces business regulations , the businesses taking advantage of this are not required to pay compensation to the government . 
  why should this edge case exist ? 
  why are uk music artists due compensation for a law legalising personal copying ? 
  paying compensation alone is tacit acceptance that you were in the wrong , but passing a law is an affirmation of being in the right . 
  honestly it makes absolutely no sense to me how someone could justify it . 
   actually , without compensation , nationalisation and privatisation become a kind of semi-perpetual money machine for governments . 
  nationalise without compensation , privatise for money , nationalise without compensation ... sure but governments are n't in the business of making a profit . 
  nationalisation is something which should happen to ensure a public good , and if a private company is well thought of and satisfaction rates are high a government has no incentive to nationalise at all . 
  they control income through different means . 
  i can see now how my statement was misleading though . 
  i object to the principle involved , the idea that companies are due compensation for changes in law . 
  i can not see any good reason for requiring this . 
  the whole concept essentially overrides the concept of a democratic government imo . 
  i do n't see that the inverse of this exists in any way , nor protection for citizens . 
  both of which i would require before accepting such a system . 
   the uk government putting the blame on yet another external power taking away their sovereignty this was nothing to do with my points , maybe you meant to reply to someone else . 
  it turns out it was domestic law that permitted what i was disgusted by , but the principle extends . 
  i do n't believe any companies are ( basically ever ) deserving of compensation upon a change to the law . 
   seriously , words are not facts , without sentences that actually prove them those are just empty excuses . 
  i 've no idea what you 're talking about . 
  please show me how you can justify companies being entitled to compensation because of a change in the law , but the poorest and most vulnerable being not entitled to the basic benefits the state provides . 
  holding these two facts in your head simultaneously must actually hurt . 
  it requires impressive levels of cognitive dissonance . 
  it 's not ok that companies get to stop laws in the public good because they 're not compensated , but the public can be fucked by laws levelled against them with no similar mechanism . 
   the actions of the company are immoral , the mechanism itself is n't . 
  i have argued with examples that it is . 
  the mechanism provides a chilling effect that prohibits actions clearly in the public good . 
  because moral application exists does not eliminate the immoral potential . 
   i can sue you right now for whatever i want , it 'd be immoral for me to do so given i 'd just be doing it to fuck with you , but we do n't throw away the rule of law because of that . 
  no , we put you on a list of vexatious litigants and ban you from those actions in future : https://www.gov.uk/guidance/vexatious-litigants you 're comparing a legal principle with a legal procedure . 
  the immorality is the concept that compensation can be mandated before a law can be implemented . 
  there is no such protection of the public nor does a generic lawsuit compare to this . 
  we 're talking about a tobacco company using legal action to prevent or delay the introduction of a plain packaging law to help reduce smoking . 
  if you do n't think this is immoral , i 'm not sure what a company would have to do to count as immoral in your eyes . 
  renationalisation is something i support . 
  i think not providing compensation would be immoral , but being unable to nationalise an industry when financial scenarios require it would be significantly worse . 
   i do n't think there 's any point arguing with someone that ca n't even see the possibility that what they 're saying may be incorrect , and takes the view that something is fundamentally unacceptable . 
  what did i say that was incorrect ? 
  you provided examples of an immoral law being used immorally , providing a chilling effect , but then said `` it 's ok , they probably did n't want to win , just tie up countries to prevent legislation and cost the public tens of millions of dollars '' .
