because men can never benefit from marriage in 21st century jesus christ . 
  please go back to trp or whatever men 's rights subreddit you crawled out of . 
  i do n't believe it 's clearly illegal in the uk but you ca n't ( for example ) often buy a single gerbil unless you are buying to add them to a community . 
  there 's quite a few animals that simply have to live in a group . 
   that is zero terror attacks by christian religious extremists that claim christian dogma as their reason for doing so . 
  i 'm leaving this conversation . 
  what 's the point ? 
  hahaha oh wow you genuinely think there 's no christian terrorism . 
  you 're deluded . 
  impressive excusing of terrorists there . 
  other people in this thread would string you up for that . 
  if you were defending muslims of course . 
   faith : idea . 
  follower of faith : person . 
   another concept you do n't appear to have any understanding of . 
  this is literally meaningless . 
  if a single murderer can be used as an example of all muslims , why not a large scale christian group responsible for many atrocities . 
   let 's put your hypothesis to test . 
  how many terrorist attacks did we have this year where perpetrator based his actions on christian dogma ? 
  or worldwide ? 
  why just this year ? 
  the typical actions of someone desperate to define extremely narrow criteria to exclude all the murders they know happened but they 'd prefer not to talk about . 
   well trolled . 
  / golflclap  you are dumb . 
  there is not and has never been such a thing as `` race '' . 
  no racist has ever cared either . 
  please for the love of god do some reading : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_ ( human_categorization )  this is because hadiths and sharia function as an actual legislative framework , something completely absent in christian dogma . 
  which is utterly irrelevant to the fact that there are christian murdering terrorists who have acted in every way worse than this man , yet you have defended them against the `` christian '' label . 
  here , the murderer is clearly unhinged , yet you are desperate to try and categorise every single muslim with him . 
   same reason why buddhist , taoist , and any other religious denominations . 
  they 're not ones doing the overwhelming majority of violent oppressing of human rights worldwide christians are n't ? 
  well , what 's the point in even continuing this conversation . 
  you have n't got a goddamn clue what 's going on . 
  you should spend less time reading stormfront and more time reading wikipedia . 
   pulling definitions out of your ass does n't make them real . 
  racism is discrimination based on race . 
   there 's no such thing as race . 
  you are clearly too ignorant to discuss this with . 
   quote me doing this . 
  should n't be hard , since i 'm `` mentally unhinged '' . 
  the murderer was mentally unhinged , clearly you ca n't even read . 
  here 's you defending terrorists from the accusation of being christian :  not at all . 
  nothing in the bible tells people to murder anglicans https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4dpxzl/man_admits_killing_shopkeeper_because_he/d1tb3jw?context=3 why are christian terrorists excluded from your ire ? 
  edit : and to reply to your edited in comments above . 
   your ego size is amazing . 
  they clearly have no agency , and they should not be believed when they tell us why they are doing these things . 
  instead we should treat them as your exotic pets , and you should be the only one who gets to tell everyone what their true motivations are . 
  i know this must be hard for someone as simple minded as yourself to comprehend , but when you bomb people practically back into the stone age , and then they become devoted to an extreme religious sect and fight back against you , blame there is not universally placed on one side . 
  smart people can recognise `` oh yeah murdering all those brown people probably contributed to this ! '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/provisional_irish_republican_army_campaign#sectarian_attacks learn you some history . 
  white , british , male , mid 30s , atheist . 
  sorry mate . 
  i just ca n't stand you racist cunts . 
  racist : someone who is prejudiced against identifiable groups of humans based on stereotyping and sweeping generalisations . 
  you defend christian terrorists , yet condemn 1.6 billion people for the action of a mentally unhinged man . 
  yep , fits that definition quite nicely . 
   nothing will change . 
  islam will continue getting a free pass , muslims will continue to fear community cohesion under pain of death , the lefty liberals will continue calling critics of the religion racists . 
  when you say stupid shit like islam will continue getting a free pass muslims will continue to fear community cohesion under pain of death you know about ireland right ? 
  who am i kidding you 're probably 12 . 
  no , conclusion : we did n't hang everyone who joined the nazi party because of the abhorrent actions of a few of them , even if they were the leaders . 
  learn more . 
   the ira was fighting for irish liberation , not some bullshit religious story oh so that makes all the terrorism and sectarian violence just fine then !, 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
   not at all . 
  nothing in the bible tells people to murder anglicans true , they 're members of other religions it tells you to murder . 
  but even so , christian terrorists have used their religion as incentive to murder , it does n't really matter what * precisely * the book says now does it . 
   that is why islam is so massively overrepresented in violence perpetrated based on religious dogma could also be that we 've bombed the living fuck out of one of the highest concentrations of islam and most of the christianity we pay attention to is western . 
   it 's dogmatic specifics make it uniquely suited for being a death cult , and until it is reformed ... we 're not going to see change for the better . 
  so let me get this right . 
  the ira were christian terrorists and they stopped due to political and social changes . 
  this man was an islamic nutter , but somehow all muslims are condemned with him and not only that , but you do n't think that political and social changes would affect them . 
  you 're a fuckin racist idiot . 
  does it matter ? 
  i 'm pretty sure every christian terrorist felt they were still true christians . 
  especially when they were bombing and murdering other christians . 
   this is why is has so much pull among muslims . 
  when a supposed `` moderate muslim '' and `` extremist muslim '' meet to discuss theology , the holy texts are on the side of `` extremist muslim '' . 
  they do n't need to interpret anything . 
  they merely need to quote the texts . 
   just like when the ira met up with anglicans and murdered them , that was because the bible contains quite a lot of god telling people to murder , rape , keep slaves etc. 
  do you really think these are comparable ? 
  in the same way as the ira murderers do not represent christians . 
  what 's your nickname about if you 're so fuckin ignorant ? 
  i doubt the poster of that sees the irony of declaring that terrorists have the truest implementation of islam at the same time as saying it 's stupid for non terrorists to define their implementation of islam . 
  that 's not ironic . 
  we especially should n't be proud of our reputation abroad , the people that act like that are cunts regardless . 
  there is a horrible perlism in there , which is that ` scalar @argv ' is the number of elements in the argv array . 
  however , postfix ` if ' is a lovely way to make things read easily . 
  if scalar @argv < 5 { die ; } it 's ugly . 
  having said that , perl also has postfix ` unless ' which reads even better , and perl 6 gets rid of some of the uglier edges die unless @ * args.elems  = 5, 
   yes and that makes all the difference , it 's the difference between racism and not racism . 
   ...  it 's only racist if the discrimination in question is based on race , that is they 're discriminated against because of race . 
  not at all . 
  racism is the discrimination by groups sharing ultimately any identifiable characteristic . 
  there 's no such thing as clearly defined ` races ' in biology and never has been , nor has it ever mattered to racists . 
  from skin colour to head shape , it does n't matter what characteristic you pick , it 's the grouping of people together and assigning them a label that 's the problem . 
  using the word `` culture '' instead of `` skin colour '' makes not a jot of difference to this problematic way of thinking . 
   he never said or implied that their culture was due to their race/genetics , which is what you 're implying there . 
  do n't put words in people 's mouths .
