  i did n't say race or genetics . 
  i said culture . 
  british culture is drinking and being racist abroad , yet the majority of brits do n't do this . 
  that 's because as individuals they 're not arseholes , and should n't be unfairly lumped in with the people who are . 
  the parent poster said that saying `` culture '' instead of `` skin colour '' makes it not racist . 
  that is n't true in any way , it 's just a way of dismissing a group of people as rapists and sexual abusers by using a code word . 
  the major cause here is n't ` culture ' , it 's individuals . 
  very few people could argue they were not aware it 's immoral and illegal to grope women . 
  just because they * might * come from a culture where this is more acceptable does n't override basic morality . 
  i 'm not racist abroad even though it 's part of my culture because i 'm not a douchebag . 
  in the same way the majority of migrants are n't rapists or sexual abusers as they are not douchebags . 
   the prevalence is far too high compared to native populations agreed . 
   culture is not something that you are irreversibly born with then why is it being advocated as a dogwhistle word to use instead of ` skin colour ' ? 
   your username sums up your fallacy perfectly . 
   so you 're telling me , a culture and a religion that puts women as lessers , wouldnt make the men more likely to treat women like shit ? 
   if you take a huge group on average sure , but the problem is when you infer the behaviour of individuals from the group . 
  i 've never been a drunk racist abroad even though i am british . 
   yes british drinking culture is bad too , but it 's the same country that conquered a third of the world and started the industrial revolution i uh , i do n't know what you 're arguing here . 
  our colonial past is something to be mostly ashamed of . 
   as there good bits of mena cultures ? 
  ofcourse . 
  but the bad bits need to go . 
  but as you 've just illustrated , our culture is fucked up too . 
  do you feel it 's fair to count you in with the drinking racist group even if you 've never done any of those acts ? 
   people are completely defined by culture and it plays a huge part of your identity . 
  which is it ? 
  is it completely or mostly or a huge part or what ? 
  i know that i do n't share a ** lot ** of british culture yet i was born here and have never lived anywhere else . 
  america is english then right ? 
  are you joking ? 
  all you 're doing there is using the word ` culture ' instead of ` skin colour ' . 
  it 's the same prejudice . 
  by this logic , as british culture is drinking and being racist abroad , we must assume brits just ca n't help themselves , it 's inbuilt . 
  no , the people who do it are just douchebags , no matter what ` culture ' they 're from . 
  oh cool so these are like the tories predictions we 'd have 100 % economic growth by 2020 right ? 
  ie utterly useless ? 
   fta with america instead and reap the rewards which would be ? 
  have a read of http://www.nnn.se/nordic/assange/docs/protocol.pdf, 
  it 's been 7 hours since i posted and nobody has posted any evidence that it 's bogus yet , so you can be the first . 
   i 'll just leave that sink in for a second . 
  i do n't think you understand what mob rule even means . 
  i 'm not punishing the man , i have n't arrested him , he 's a fugitive and the evidence condemns him in my eyes . 
   due to the nature of the circumstances he was n't assured a fair treatment ( what with sweden being ready and willing to extradite him the second he fell into their hands ) this is not true . 
  he would have faced trial before any extradition could have taken place . 
   the tried to comply , though he fled the country and later fled that country 's jurisdiction . 
  that is not trying to comply regardless of any offer he makes that suits his purposes . 
  would you accept this excuse for any common rapist ? 
  it seems unlikely . 
   surely someone so claims to be such an expert on the matter remembers all of this . 
  i do n't claim to be an expert , i just have read more than most people who comment on the subject . 
   in this case , do you see how all of this anger and hatred for his character is distracting from the actual issue ? 
   it 's distracting from the issue in any situation , i in general support the concept of wikileaks , but assange should have been disavowed a long time ago . 
   you 're treating this person as guilty when it has n't been proven so . 
  are you of the habit of doing that , generally ? 
  do you see `` mob rule '' as a valid way to impart justice in a first-world country ? 
  the two are not the same . 
  the man has fled and is fleeing from justice and i have read the accounts of those he victimised . 
  i think i 'm entitled to judge based on my understanding and that 's what i have done . 
  if he could be brought before a court he should be , that 's not mob rule in any regard . 
   it 's not impossible to imagine they used these women to collaborate this story just because you imagine it does n't mean it is so . 
  i have read the accounts they gave and they turned my stomach . 
  the idea of supporting a man who preys on women as he did is disgraceful . 
  have you read their accounts ? 
  do you have even the tiniest shred of factual evidence to call their statements into question ? 
  at this point the chances of getting a trial seen as fair by all sides is basically nil . 
  it 's been a farce since the start . 
  even today he has loyal supporters because of some bullshit conspiracy narrative . 
  if charges had been dropped say , because the person had fled the country and evaded arrest , and as such the maximum time limit had been exceeded , why would that be relevant ? 
  i 'm having to ask pointed questions because you should already have known and pointed this out . 
  edit : i should say * some *, 
   you mean , like your mps ? 
  what ? 
  i only have one mp and i doubt she 's raped two women . 
   only facts which are buried do you not see the irony of me being downvoted for bringing up a fact assange wants hidden ? 
   are you truly so daft as to think those allegations are incapable of being a means to discredit/kill him ? 
  i think assuming that is denying justice to the very victims wikileaks claims to represent . 
   and then she found out he was having sex with someone else ( quite a lady 's man ) and she went to court because he did n't wear a condom have you read their accounts ? 
  you 're massively misrepresenting the situation . 
   ... and you do n't see any problem whatsoever with the fact that in your mind this man that leads this terribly important organisation that had done such good for the world , is nothing more than `` that rapist that is fleeing from the authorities '' ? 
   that 's his fault . 
  besides , wikileaks under him was fine with having people killed by releasing information . 
  he 's a worthless arrogant cunt . 
   both victims admitted that they were made up , in order to discredit him ? 
  impressive victim blaming by you there with not a single citation . 
   we have yet to see a proper trial because he fled justice . 
   also have n't those charges been dropped ? 
  why would that be relevant ? 
   insert made up rumours designed to discredit him why use made up rumours when you can use the fact he 's a fugitive from sexual offences charges related to his non consensual sex with two women . 
  edit : if you are downvoting this post , realise that you are attempting to silence the truth about someone . 
  you are helping carry out exactly the actions assange claimed to be against while he restrained a woman so she could n't stop him having sex with her . 
  that 's usually a prescribed defence is n't it ? 
  i believe it is in uk law . 
   there 've been laws against murder for far longer than there 've been laws against libel/slander . 
   what 's your point ? 
  there 's very clearly a need for non violent resolution of libel/slander/fraud issues . 
  the fact that there have been these laws for some 400 + years is probably a good indication they 're useful . 
   there are nations with very weak libel and slander laws , and nations with very strict ones . 
  what nation allows me to make false claims in public about you in a way that will harm your reputation , with no repercussions ? 
   i mean it worked for a few thousand years of human civilisation . 
  no it did n't , when you said false things about me , i murdered you .
