the first three are literally everywhere . 
  do n't worry , there are lots of pro-russian trolls in czech republic and slovakia ... 
  but nobody in their right mind takes them seriously . 
  we just make fun of them . 
  ... i remember reading a facebook status of some 50 , maybe 60 years old man , who was able to blame his bad internet connection on `` those terrorist havloid fascist whores '' . 
  oh , funny this is coming from a dane . 
  every fucking year prague is swarmed by drunk danes making noise in night , throwing up on people 's front doors and generally being spoiled brats destroying everything . 
  i do n't know of czechs doing it in copenhagen , or anywhere really . 
  czech republic zero points . 
  czech republic zero points . 
  okay ... you win , 
  still a few castles ... on a large area . 
  fun fuct , they are the only country who did n't recognize czech republic ( and slovakia too i think ? ), 
  because of few castles and forests nationalized after ww2 . 
  they only established diplomatic relations with us in 2009 . 
  this is n't very accurate no ? 
  i 'm 95 % sure there was n't any famine in bohemia or moravia . 
  i wanted to post this as well . 
  i mean , it 's crazy . 
  in the west , we are mostly accepting of homosexuality and bisexuality , but transgenderism still remains something weird for us . 
  but then there is iran - a country where lgb people face a death penalty , but they perform the second largest number of sex reasaigment operations in the world , after thailand . 
  really interesting . 
  it 's true !, 
  wow , really ? 
  have you got a link or something ? 
  thanks . 
  i do n't know about russian , but in czech , it would actually work . 
  * po\u010d\u00edtat * can mean both of those . 
  but as i said , no idea how it is in russian . 
  actually , homosexuality was legalized in czechoslovakia in 1962 . 
  no idea whether that changed anything , though . 
  what do you mean ? 
  iranians are n't turkic . 
  would n't the closest ethnicity be rather turks or some central asian nations ? 
  it is a news site ( the word `` novinky '' means something like new things ) . 
  they are n't really famous for good reporting , but what they 're famous for is their comment section . 
  it is a cesspool of various demagogs from hardline communists to russia trolls to neo nazis . 
  the kind of people who call immigrants `` dogs to be killed '' and say how things were better during communism . 
  the worst is that it 's not just some anonymous trolls . 
  to comment there you have register through a letter or something ( not sure , i do n't have an account ) so it always says your first and last name and city . 
  people who comment on novinky.cz, 
  afaik the red army was n't present in czechoslovakia during the elections . 
  they and the americans signed a treaty according to which all foreign armies must leave czechoslovakia by the end of 1945 . 
  but we czechs were pretty fond of the soviets , unlike other east europeans . 
  i am not a communist and i hate the soviet regime , but it would be a lie to say that we are some innocent victims who were forced to vote the communists in power . 
  we did it to ourselves . 
  populist , but still muuuuuch better than all his opponents . 
  ^ and he 's hot, 
  papu\u010de as well as py\u017eamo are the same case as meydan , originally persian , but got here from turkish of course . 
  thanks for your response !, 
  czech and english . 
  those are the only two i am able to talk in . 
  i 'm also learning two other languages ( german for school , persian as a hobby ) , but i 'm nowhere near proficient in either of those . 
  yes !, 
  i did n't expect that at all , so i was pretty surprised . 
  yeah , we do . 
  no idea how a sailor greeting got into our landlocked country , but we do say that . 
  aww jeez man , that 's a lot to drop on a guy all at once , you know ? 
  spanish , english , russian if i 'm going by how they sound . 
  i like greek , basque , celtic languages , albanian and turkish because of how interesting they are ( either history , grammar , or they just look weird ) . 
  my parents had three children . 
  if i were n't gay i 'd have two or three as well . 
  sometimes it feels so unfair , when so many people who can do n't want to have anything to do with kids ... 
  nice !, 
  what part of grammar did you find the hardest ? 
  for me , the most terrifying for a foreigner would seem to be the aspects . 
  i have no idea how i would explain that to someone . 
  well , i 'm learning persian/farsi , but i 'm still a beginner . 
  but i guess there are some more exotic languages , whatever that means , since persian is still indo-european so it 's sentence structure and everything is not really that weird , unlike , for example japanese or arabic or whatever . 
  how to boil pasta ? 
  well , they are kind of in between europe and asia . 
  but if you 're going to include them among european countries , you should include all three ( and also cyprus , i guess ) or neither . 
  i thought west asia is basically middle east , no ? 
  czech republic has an average of about 130 , my region ( zl\u00edn ) has about 150 , my district ( zl\u00edn again ) has 180 . 
  netherlands - wow !, 
  i 'm from a small village in southeastern moravia . 
  it has a population of a little over 2000 . 
  i do n't feel like our quality of life is much worse than in bigger cities . 
  well , of course there is something - like there 's not much to do , you have to drive out to get some more specific stuff , lesser work opportunities , smaller wages ... people are more conservative on a lot of issues , but i feel that it is changing . 
  slowly , but steadily . 
  we do have electricity ( since i think the 1930s ) and running water , heating , internet , basically every basic necessity . 
  there 's a kindergarten , a few playgrounds for children . 
  we have a school , i 'd say pretty good quality . 
  it also includes ` after school stay ' ( ? ), 
  and on a few days on the morning before school , also a canteen also accessible for members of the public , and a public library . 
  we 've got a few doctors , not all of them are there for the entire week . 
  two doctors ( one a pediatrist ) , one dentist . 
  there 's a variety of shops and services . 
  there 's one bigger shop , not like a supermarket , but bigger and has most things you need . 
  and there are several smaller shops privately owned . 
  if we 're talking about not food shops , well , there 's one clothes shop , not big , but well equipped , a shop with mechanical parts and stuff , a florist , drugstore and a pharmacy . 
  as for services , there 's the post office , cosmetics , hairdresser , two pubs , one restaurant of i 'd say above average quality for such a small village , a bust stop , gas station , there 's a relaxation center where there are massages , sauna , a small gym . 
  we 've a got a bakery and farm shop where they sell mostly milk products from nearby farm ( fresh milk , cream , cheese , buttermilk , yoghurt ) but also other things . 
  for entertainment , there 's a football field - one grass and one artificial , a relax center ( different but affiliated from the one mentioned earlier ) which offers facilities for parties , a swimming pool , a cottage , a tennis and volleyball ground . 
  there 's another and bigger public swimming pool , which also includes a smaller pool for kids , buffet and another volleyball field . 
  as it is a hilly area we have a small ski center which also host some grass ski competitions in the summer . 
  most people here live in a family house they themselves own . 
  there 's some who live in one of the flats buildings . 
  practically everyone owns a tv and a mobile phone . 
  at worst a family phone ( non mobile ) .
