  it tripled its standard of living ( for all singaporeans ) over the last 3 decades . 
  it has the same corporate tax rate as the uk - 20 % . 
  i suggest you visit both singapore and australia ( and keep largely away from the politicians so you get a real view ) . 
  i 'm not talking about protections for its workforce versus slave labour - neither singapore nor australia have slave labour but both are much more competitive than the eu . 
  singapore looks after its people very well - far better than the uk . 
  australia is noticeably more democratic than the uk and the eu - the politicians are noticeably more responsive and more concerned about the country . 
  consequently it evolves and advances . 
  that 's called constructive competition - part of evolution - very healthy . 
  if estonia constructively competes and advances itself then it will get advantages for its population . 
  the advantages that estonia comes up with , because they succeed , will spread around . 
  if , however , they disadvantage estonia they will be knocked on the head . 
  however they have to be tried out and at low cost - not be imposed by brussels and put the whole eu under . 
  whether it 's a business or a country the principle is still the same , and likewise the results . 
  this is why countries like singapore and australia do so well ( and better than the eu ) . 
  i 'm sorry - you completely miss the point . 
  look at how a ** small ** business ( bottom up ) operates - in comparison to a large top down corporation . 
  small businesses thrive on constant evolution - on making many low cost mistakes - on trying things out . 
  large corporations are very risk averse and that is one of the major reasons ( along with politics and self serving ) that destroys them . 
  it 's no different with small countries versus large countries . 
  that does not address the evolvability issue . 
  the eu is massive - over 1/2b people - and they are not a single demos . 
  it does not have any mechanism to evolve - to test new ways of doing things and to adopt them if they are successful . 
  as such it has the large corporation syndrome - the danger of going the way of dinosaurs - like bhs . 
  and will their votes have any effect ? 
  democracies do not work if voters can not effect change . 
  having a mechanism for evolving is vital , and is one of the huge problems with the eu - hence the sovereignty issue . 
  it 's very obvious that the eu needs massive reform - that it has failed to address globalisation issues fully and properly . 
  the politicians have only addressed globalisation from a corporate point of view , not from a personal or taxation point of view - hence all the problems . 
  these issues have been staring the eu in the face for well over 10 years and all they do is to ignore them and sweep them under the carpet . 
  meanwhile you have people living in one country , working in another , and even retiring in a third , and multinationals not paying local tax , and small business being discriminated against . 
  the whole issue of movement of people is caused by governments , in the eu and elsewhere , not addressing the issues of globalisation from either a personal ( workers and small business people ) point of view or from a taxation point of view . 
  there are many people who live in one country , work in another and even retire in a third . 
  many non uk eu citizens in the uk fall into one or more of these categories . 
  likewise with small business people - uk contractors working on the continent . 
  and there are many french people who cross the border to work in germany every working day . 
  and there are the seasonal workers . 
  cross border working is common in the eu . 
  all this means that where a person works and where they access their social security can be two different countries . 
  and they may even retire in a third country . 
  however the governments do n't address these issues - they still think in 19th . 
  century terms . 
  likewise with the taxation system - our taxation system is hideously over complicated - has a great many loopholes - is unworkable . 
  as such it is very easy for corporations operating in the globalised world to move profits and hence taxation payments out of the country - instead of , say , paying revenue tax on each transaction ( nice and simple and fully automated like a visa or master card fee payment ) . 
  the question is - if britain votes to remain in the eu will the eu be massively reformed ? 
  or will the various nations in the eu have to vote out in order to get any changes instituted ? 
  i have no idea . 
  i only know what happened in france and belgium . 
  it would n't surprise me though . 
  profiteering basically . 
  when france introduced the euro it stipulated that all price labels be in both ffs & $ s. 
  this greatly discouraged profiteering . 
  in belgium it was not uncommon for prices to jump by up to 20 % when the euro was introduced . 
  i 'm talking about what happens on the ground - in real life . 
  it 's got nothing to do with policy . 
  the women have the alternative of l'arrangement parisiene and it is certainly used . 
  it 's how they pay the rent and deal with their landlords . 
  i have an appartement in paris . 
  a couple of my neighbours - a chinese vietnamese girl studying at the local conservatoire back in the economic crash , and an african woman recently , fell on hard times and were unable to keep up with their rent . 
  both were offered parisiene arrangements by their landlords . 
  and that is in a good part of the idf . 
  the african woman is working her 's . 
  that is the reality of the situation . 
  there is an economic downturn in the uk at the moment - since september . 
  however unemployment in the uk is at ~ 5 % - far better than the eu in general . 
  there is a recent increase in driving down of price points , but this has generally been happening over the last 15 years - effects of automation and globalisation . 
  a lot of businesses are holding off investment until after the referendum . 
  but there was an uptick starting about 10 days ago . 
  the thing is any job is better than no job . 
  the economies do need to be fundamentally redesigned in a great many ways . 
  they are very 20th . 
  century . 
  one of the most fundamental aspects to survival - whether it 's a person , a company or a country - is the ability to be able to evolve . 
  the best engines of evolution are small business . 
  at the moment businesses in france are penalised if they employ people for more than 4 months - hence the regular turnover of staff in supermarkets . 
  what the government should do is to exempt small businesses from almost all the employment legislation , the heavy cost hits , the social and compliance requirements , the unecessary burdens . 
  this would produce a situation where jobs would be available - people would be moved out of unemployment . 
  this would produce income which would go around the economy in the wash . at the moment all that the unemployed can rely on is short term contracts and underground work ( mainly the women for that - l'arrangement ) . 
  the proper solution is to fix the taxation system - http://imgur.com/a/nd8ad . 
  the uk is already in a recession : - https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/may/11/uk-manufacturing-sector-falls-back-into-recession-steel http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36266178 and we are a member of the eu . 
  i doubt it . 
  however paris is a great city and a few more bankers would not go astray . 
  france has the cac40 - not the cac100 or cac250 or cac500 - so the finance industry is a lot smaller in that area . 
  financial services such as insurance tend to be very 19th . 
  century so a bit of 21st . 
  century methods from the uk would be good , especially before the next leap forward . 
  and in the parliamentary election 58 % did n't bother to vote . 
  that meant macron 's 60 % was actually 25 % . 
  what is european ? 
  i used to have a good idea many years ago , but not now . 
  but it 's our money - not some artificial construct called the eu . 
  vat only applies to retail output . 
  companies do n't pay vat - only the private citizen in the country concerned does . 
  there is far more revenue value wise than vat applicable sales value wise - hence the reason why only a few % is needed . 
  further when companies are buying goods and services and are paying tax on them - via the revenue tax - they are adding to their costs - hence putting a # 1m threshold on it - this encourages small business . 
  also there would probably be a small reduction in the corporation tax put in to balance things out . 
  it 's not a tax cut . 
  it 's a redesigning of the taxation system to make it much more efficient for all concerned . 
  vat is essentially a retail tax . 
  any company making a purchase at this level can claim the vat back . 
  it essentially is a tax on consumption .
