the actions of the eu etc. 
  in cyprus will very likely result in a loss of confidence by the people in the banks in cyprus and this will not be restricted to cyprus . 
  further there will also be a loss of confidence in the euro . 
  alternates will be looked at and these could quite easily include non official alternates . 
  cyprus is the start of the death of the euro and the death of the euro is the death of the eu . 
  this is all because the eu elite thought that they could act with complete disregard for the eu people . 
   it 's so bad that it 's ** verging ** on civil war in some of the states . 
  it 's important to read !!, 
  it 's not organised civil war but it is getting very ugly . 
  you do n't need factions for war - you can get war just by break down of law and order \\ lack of respect for law and order combined with violent acts - this is what is happening . 
  if you want evidence visit greece and spain - walk around the streets of the poor suburbs - spend a few weeks there and see what is happening . 
  look at what 's happening in greece and spain - what 's really happening - not the filtered news . 
  the eu economically is in a huge mess of it 's own accord . 
  it does n't seem to have any inkling as to how it is going to solve the problems . 
  it 's so bad that it 's verging on civil war in some of the states . 
  there is certainly a breakdown in law and order . 
  britain is probably the one country that can show the way out of the mess but it has to have the freedom to be able to do so . 
  the question is whether the eu retains a diverse outer circle with britain in this circle ( my preference ) or whether britain withdraws completely . 
  over history britain has given a huge amount to europe . 
  it 's pulled the continent out of several wars ( with the help of allied countries ) and it 's propped up the continent financially . 
  however britain 's tradition is to do what works - not to blindly follow political ideologies , especially where these ideologies are very dangerous and destructive . 
  and they have the money to nationalise ? 
   the ecj has confirmed that national law is permitted to require an administrative agreement and that member states need not automatically recognize each other 's agreements ie . 
  pick and choose . 
  ps : [ this ] ( http://www.national-lottery.co.uk/player/p/help/faqs.ftl#int_getstarted2 ) is a result of all the argy bargy between eu states over the internet gambling issue . 
  only problem is france happily picks and chooses what eu laws and regulations it will abide by . 
  internet gambling is a classic example . 
  under eu law france is supposed to allow free trade from other eu states . 
  if an internet gambling site is operating from an eu country outside france it is prohibited by french law and regulation from operating in france unless it gets permission from france des jeux - essentially their gaming commission . 
  france has been prosecuted several times in the european court over this and lost each time but it still refuses to abide by eu law in this regard . 
  euromillions operates in this regard in effect on a national basis - non french citizens are prohibited from buying euromillions tickets from their national sites from within france . 
  france is not alone in picking and choosing what eu laws and regulations it will abide by . 
  employment law has been ignored by a number of countries with regards new member countries citizens . 
  free trade law is often ignored when it applies to contract services . 
  how it should be done - nice and peaceful and to the point - http://www.affaritaliani.it/static/upl2015/nuda/nuda-per-protesta--ape1.jpg . 
  i do n't have any problems generally - a couple of emails to friends and everything set up . 
  but that 's not the village pub . 
  the village pub is a much more casual and informal affair . 
  one goes , meets and converses . 
  doggie doings - have doggie loos - like they do in the banlieues . 
  people 's doings - have pissoirs . 
  litter - have cleaners ( not much else one can do without pissing a lot of people off ) . 
  and it provides employment . 
  the fact that facebook goes through the users ` web sites ' and censors them means that they are not personal and private . 
  the basis of this thread is exactly that . 
  nudity is perfectly normal here in europe . 
  just look at french tv , french , spanish and german beaches etc. 
  that normal state is banned from facebook . 
  what facebook does is to curate people 's lives , and they do it in many different ways , including via news feeds . 
  personally i prefer real life . 
  i have family and friends that use social media and those that do n't . 
  and these are all around the world . 
  if i was using social media i would not get to scratch below the surface - which i can in person . 
  my impression is that some of them are using social media less and less these days . 
  in social media it is snapshots of their lives and it is all out there in public - so it 's self curated straight off . 
  in person one gets the whole deal . 
  i certainly use skype . 
  i use email a lot and send photos via email . 
  i tried setting up a personal web site quite a few years ago but found that it was n't being used . 
  social media is very superficial and this is the only level that it can work . 
  as such it 's throwaway consumption . 
  if i send my family or friends photos via email they have it permanently on their computers and can go back to them any time that they like - something that they ca n't as easily do on facebook . 
  i avoid it because i see it as being a very distorting - very geeky \\ nerdy - element . 
  it 's rather a current day version of cb radio back in the 80 's . 
  it can also be rather addictive and time absorbing and detrimentally so . 
  it 's a very lightweight medium . 
  i keep in touch with family and friends ( spread out around the world ) but via email , phone calls and in person . 
  that way we get to discuss all the meaty topics and catch up with all the serious news . 
  in order to survive evolution is vital . 
  diversity is vital to evolution . 
  so is information . 
  free speech is vital to the information component . 
  it 's a case of `` evolve or die '' . 
  sounds very artificial . 
  there is a whole world out there . 
  the village pub ( in the uk ) was ( and still is ) the social centre of the village . 
  one can meet people anywhere - just walking around - travelling . 
  the level of conversations is often just being friendly but it can become deeper . 
  and , yes , it does require social skills but is n't that the best way to go ? 
  - develop them and improve oneself ? 
  a great idea would be to establish game centres for the playing of board games , cards etc. 
  that way everyone would be interacting ( and conversing ) . 
  and , if a european facebook is desired , that can be developed . 
  because if they are walking long distances , if they are sleeping out on the streets etc. 
  i would expect them to be dirty . 
  to keep clean requires regular and frequent access to washing facilities , basins , showers , washing machines etc. 
  i 'm always amazed how clean these refugees look - how clean their clothes are etc. 
  in the west plenty of people walk around naked - just go down to the beaches all around europe - plenty of topless women and plenty of naked men and women . 
  nudity is perfectly normal in europe . 
  when one is a foreigner in a foreign country it is important to respect the mores of that country , and not to try to impose one 's own mores on that country . 
  this means that when western women visit arabian countries they need to wear a scarf . 
  and likewise when arabians visit the west they need to respect the mores of the west . 
  paris and surrounds - cruise up the seine in a small craft . 
  east of paris is fantastic - lovely old villages that you can cycle to . 
  the economy has been going down since last september . 
  it 's not brexit related . 
  brexit does , however , allow britain more freedom to manoeuvre . 
  britain is still way ahead of the rest of the eu , even more so the euro zone . 
  a low gbp will mean higher profits for exporters . 
  singapore is a vibrant economy - a country of 5.5 m people .
