  the [ bogey man ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=no04vxbis0m ) is not the citizens of europe - they get on with each other perfectly ok . - they always have . 
  the problem has always been the feudalists , whether this be the nazi 's - the bogeman being the jews , the communists - the bogeman being the capitalists \\ decadent west , the socialists - all sorts and ultimately all of us , environmentalists - ultimately all of us , climatists - co2 and and all of us , the western governments - the bogeman being the islamic terrorists . 
  i do n't think most people would have any interest in `` a project based on the similarities between european people '' . 
  it 's one of these typical projects , and there are a great many of them , where a small group of people spends a lot of our money wasting a great amount of time producing a tome that is read by very few people and which most of the taxpayers would bin on sight and thrust their hands up in exasperation . 
  want such a ` project ' , well there are actually a great many of them going on and at no expense to the taxpayers and without any politicians associated with them or benefiting by them . 
  i can think of examples such as football clubs in the uk twinning with clubs in france and hosting each other , uk families whose kids grow up in france , uk families who host french students . 
  there has always been a lot of positive interaction between all the countries of the eu - this is not a sort of thing that has to be ` forced ' on the citizens of the eu ` for their own good ' . 
  the horrors of wwii did not come out of this interaction , what it came out of was feudalism - a factor very much present in german history . 
  feudalism is very much present in various modern forms in our societies and , as always , very damaging . 
  the top down approach by the eu , in the forms that we have often seen of recent , is more and more feudal in nature and it is this that will create the conditions of a wwiii . 
  i would go back to the ec \\ eec - a loose trading block of states . 
  all individual sovereignity would ultimately remain with the individual countries . 
  each country would be free to negotiate agreements with other countries . 
  a lot of the international issues can be handled jointly via these agreements . 
  a good example is the euro . 
  there is no reason why countries ca n't dual currency . 
  money is just payment for hours worked - it is an exchange of those hours worked - that is it 's inherrent value . 
  the currencies in the individual countries could be free floated . 
  if a person in the uk wants to buy a product in france their gbp 's would be exchanged for ff 's at the exchange rate and without any extra commission or charges . 
  the uk government would negatively ` qe ' out the gbp 's and the french government would positively ` qe ' in the ff 's - after all that 's where the value in the form of the money has been transfered - moving in the opposite direction to the transfer in value of the goods . 
  the euro would be used as an international , transnational and alternate internal currency . 
  there are a lot of things that we can do via a combination of international treaties and local versions of implementations . 
  france already does this to a significant extent - just look at it 's actions over internet gambling versus what it is supposed to do according to the free cross border trade legislation and regulations of the eu . 
  regarding the eu commission and studies - in my opinion both are largely a waste of time and money . 
  the only way that things can be developed and assessed is on the ground - everything else is often just pie in the sky and is very remote from reality . 
  when france , the netherlands , ireland etc. 
  voted against the constitution \\ the lisbon treaty the eu commission did n't say `` well we got it wrong '' - which obiously they did - they said - `` you got it wrong - go back and vote again ! '', 
  - obviously a break down in democracy . 
  i suppose asking \\ expecting the president to know and understand the people of the eu is too much to ask ? 
  one of the most critical elements that we need at the moment is the bottom up - the progressive evolution - the creativity , the generation of new ideas , the addressing of new business methods - new approaches to the market place . 
  without it europe will continue to stagnate . 
  we need to be set up such that all possibilities for solutions to our problems are explored on the ground and the successful ones are identified and adopted - not stomped on ( as they are so often at the moment ) . 
  this proposal is just for more top down - it does n't address the bottom up issue at all properly and fully . 
  austerity on it 's own wo n't solve the problem , it will get the spending under control - ie ` act responsibly ' , and it will free up moneys for business investment . 
  it 's this second part of the equation that the governments are just not addressing properly . 
  many investors are safe harbouring their moneys - 0 % bank accounts . 
  many governments are just not creating the conditions - the light touch regulations , the labour market flexibility and business flexibility etc. 
  - to attract the business investment . 
  there is absolutely no sense in the government borrowing the money to invest - far better to get the money applied directly and then it does n't cost the taxpayer . 
  governments are often very bad at applying money . 
  spot on !, 
  but look at how long it 's taken someone to say it !, 
  in 10 , 15 years the crisis will still be there , there will be massive long term stagnation , nothing will have happened . 
  centralisation will only make things worse . 
  only if the economy is changed from one of being top down ( feudal basically ) to one of being bottom up ( democratic capitalism ) will the situation be solved . 
  this was the solution last time and it is the solution this time . 
  the big problem with the eu is that actions are remoted from consequencies . 
  the more centralised things become the more remoted things become . 
  this just makes the problems many times worse and their solutions many times more unlikely . 
  if a country ceases to be responsible for it 's economy , if it ceases to have the controls available to manage it 's economy , it ceases to have the incentive let alone the ability to ensure that it 's economy functions as best it can . 
  the uk has slavishly signed up to quite a lot of treaties that give brussels direct control , hence sovereignty , over the uk . 
  it needs to claw back all this lost sovereignty - so it has the last say on everything . 
  look at imigration , human rights issues , fishing , farming etc. 
  for examples . 
  probably a udi in the sense of bringing sovereignty effectively back to the uk . 
  as such if there is something that the uk does n't like \\ agree with it does n't go along with it . 
  if there is something that the uk does n't agree with it will tell the eu to go take a hike - much in the same way that france does . 
  going back into the 70 's and beyond there have been many local currency schemes in operation around the world - ` acorn currencies ' . 
  basically these are a means of exchanging labour - a bartering system . 
  there are many of them in existence at the moment . 
  a discount scheme is a similar system . 
  it is like a loyalty card but expanded . 
  yes taxes would be avoided but they would n't be paid anyway - the economy is bust and until the bad money is retired and replaced with the good money that will continue to be the situation . 
  labour and hence money has varying value . 
  if one is on the job site one is paid a full wage . 
  however if one is doing work around the garden , including helping in a friends garden the rating for one 's work is zero - zero income and zero taxes . 
  however one can still barter that labour . 
  there is a lot in an economy that can be seen as being purely in a local economy . 
  there are farmers in greece , there is certainly plenty of local labour - a baby sitter can exchange her labour for a sack of potatoes . 
  no link - just ideas . 
  the fact is is that innovative action needs to be taken . 
  greece is not taking any innovative action - it 's like a kangaroo staring into the headlights of an oncomming road train . 
  replacing bad money with good money is one such action - it is a revolutionary action . 
  another action would be a property tax - eg . 
  10 % of value for high value properties . 
  it 's either take effective action or go under - crash , default , then rise like a phoenix - like iceland . 
  what they can do is a dual currency system - essentially the euro along side a discount card . 
  as such all transactions have a basic euro price along with a , say , 40 % discount . 
  so if you are working you are paid in that discount which you then use to purchase goods . 
  the euro would just be used for international trade and anything such related such as the debt . 
  the discount card would be the local currency . 
  english has a lot of french words - basically almost all words in french that end in ... ment have the same word in english ending in ... ly . 
  there are also quite a lot of other words that have similar spellings and meanings . 
  however french often has adjectives succeeding nouns whereas in english almost all adjectives preceed nouns . 
  also in french a verb that would be after two nouns , in english is between the two nouns - it relates and connects the nouns . 
  there are some words that have the same range of meanings - eg . 
  droit \\ right . 
  english has a lot of germanic in it . 
  there are common words such as sorry , good , god , out , a \\ an , the and and . 
  plurals and possesives in english are done in an essentially english way . 
  likewise the use of the ... ing suffix . 
  the word ` do ' is also very english . 
  english plurals are like spanish plurals but with a german ` the ' . 
  the sound ` th ' occurs in some european languages but certainly not all . 
  w is v in french and german . 
  there are also quite a lot of other commonalities - [ haslet ] ( http://www.google.co.uk/search?tbm=isch&amp;hl=en&amp;source=hp&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=509&amp;q=haslet&amp;gbv=2&amp;oq=haslet&amp;aq=0&amp;aqi=g10&amp;aql=&amp;gs_l=img.1.0.0l10.1231.1231.0.3027.1.1.0.0.0.0.145.145.0j1.1.0...0.0.fmbecwqgm5i ) is found both east anglia and in dutch belgium . 
  certainly not my experience . 
  i have an appartement in paris and i have travelled extensively in france and have never had any problems . 
  the french do out arrogance the arrogant but if people are polite and civilised they are extremely polite and civilised . 
  i have always found them to be friendly , welcoming and helpful .
