  that i am opposed to . 
  the eu needs to be an international body , not a country . 
  the thing is solutions often have to be particular to the local conditions in order to work - this is where the eu falls down badly . 
  a tough one because i know that the eu has protected human rights a number of times in the uk . 
  however it 's swings and roundabouts . 
  at the moment the eu itself is largely undemocratic . 
  it really needs to have other sanctions such as removing hungary from membership - putting it back on probation initially . 
  having certain minimal democratic standards that must be met for membership . 
  i do n't think that the eu should organise itself to be a european usa . 
  it works against the diversity of europe and that is deadly as we are seeing at the moment . 
  the diversity is it 's strength . 
  as such : - 1 ) localise as much as possible . 
  local control and local responsibility . 
  be fully democratic and fully balanced - the small and medium sized businesses and the people having balance plus more against the monoliths - the corporations etc. 
  the eu countries and people need to be self responsible and they need to be able to act responsibly . 
  they also need to be able to deal with their respective situations and to evolve . 
  any problems need to be localised and minimised . 
  2 ) organise it as shells within a shell - a federation of states . 
  3 ) have local currencies for trade within each individual country and the euro for international trade . 
  free float the currencies and exchange them by negatively qe'ing out of the source country and positively qe'ing into the destination country - no margin . 
  money is just hours worked so this would not be a problem - it 's like using gold as an intermediate stage . 
  4 ) rule by common agreement between parliaments rather than by the vast brussels bureaucracy . 
  5 ) the eu side should not effect within the countries but between the countries . 
  6 ) all people who work in other countries than their own - eg . 
  on a short or medium basis - to have nominated home countries where they pay a large amount of their tax to and derive their health , social security , retirement etc. 
  from . 
  likewise they should be able to purchase all goods and services that they want from their home countries - they should not be in a no person 's land . 
  greece is in administration , likewise italy . 
  other countries are n't . 
  at the moment the uk sees the euro as a dead duck , always has , the eu as digging a hole furiously and not stopping digging . 
  the uk is being pragmatic , as usual . 
  it is saying be sensible and do n't throw good money after bad . 
  europe - the eu - needs to be urgently redesigned . 
  the problems need to be localised and be dealt with on a local basis . 
  a shell basis - shells within a shell - needs to be used - a federation of states . 
  the euro as a second currency used for international trade . 
  free floating national currencies exchanged without margins - negatively qe 'd from source currency , positively qe 'd into destination currency . 
  individual countries having full control over their fiat currencies . 
  ultimately it 's boycotts that have full effect . 
  targeted boycotts even better . 
  i think that the most important thing , in all this action , is to distinguish between legitimate protection of copyright and defense against misuse of the system . 
  sopa/pipa was very much the latter . 
  what we do n't want is the whole argument being hijacked by the pirates . 
  it must be argued by people who are prepared to play fair but not prepared to be used and abused . 
  a healthy economy is dependent on 2 factors : - 1 ) people having money to spend - particularly money that they have earned . 
  money is hours worked so they need to be working and to be exchanging those hours worked . 
  2 ) there being goods and services available that people want to buy . 
  this requires the business sector to be sufficiently creative and adaptive to be able to progressively evolve into many new and different business directions - new products and services . 
  the top down monolithic nature of the eu works against this . 
  the eu is much more pro big business rather than enabling and facilitating small business operation . 
  it needs to remove a lot of it 's legislation and regulation and it needs to be completely redesigned . 
  for example - freedom of trade across borders in the eu only applies to the larger companies - companies operating from a fixed place . 
  small companies , particularly one person operations such as consultants and contractors , are discriminated against . 
  redesigning the system such that the single business owner operator could nominate his \\ her home country and pay all taxes to that country and derive all benefits from that country would be a good start . 
  the redesign needs a lot of creative and radical thinking . 
  it is a big challenge to the powers that be and my big fear is that they are just not up to it - they are just not able to look at new ideas and to discuss them and to look at the different ways to do things and to evolve to good solutions . 
  why not dual currency and use the euro as an international currency . 
  i would like the eu to be completely redesigned - to be democratic and bottom up plus a lot of other features . 
  however i have absolutely no faith in almost all of the meps and fonctionaires etc. 
  - in their abilities or their loyalties , moralities etc. 
  as such , in our very dangerous times where the eu politicians etc. 
  do not seem to be getting to grips with the situations , i see the only course for the uk to pull right back - to regain full soveriegnity . 
  if one looks at the piigs they are not solving their problems . 
  they do n't have the soveriegnity necessary and the eu is not acting to solve their problems . 
  things are only getting worse , much worse . 
  it needs a complete rethink . 
  coming down in the evening watch out for dopey parisiens wandering across the lanes without indicating . 
  on the outer peripherique watch out for the motorcyclists - easy to miss . 
  careful with the trucks on the autoroutes - they like to play race cars . 
  providing you have done that you should be a good enough driver . 
  british aussie here . 
  if you are considering moving to a non english first language country you will have to learn the language as quickly as possible . 
  the younger your kids are the easiest it will be . 
  you should consider taking a year out to make the move - a year 's ` sabbatical ' . 
  this will give you a chance to check out europe and then when you have made a decision where to settle time for you to get yourself established and for the kids to learn the language . 
  alternatively do it in a 2 stage process - britain to start , continent next . 
  be careful where you land yourself - choose your country wisely - do plenty of research and ask around . 
  check the local laws , the economic and cultural situations . 
  in my opinion : - countries that are ok . - britain , france , ireland , scandinavia , germany , austria , switzerland , the netherlands . 
  countries to be careful with or avoid : - spain ( check thoroughly ) , portugal ( check thoroughly ) , belgium ( no - vlaams etc. 
  on the war path + too much bureaucracy ) , greece - definitely not - a war zone almost . 
  be very careful with eastern europe - some good , some not . 
  italy - a great place on the surface but a lot going on - check thoroughly . 
  baltics - i do n't know anything about them but they may be ok . . 
  always remember that you are a guest in the country . 
  respect the way that the country approaches life - it may be different than you are used to but that does n't make it any less valid . 
  the should have addressed that before they crashed the economy . 
  what do ` you ' mean by work ? 
  hitler worked - he got germany out of the great depression . 
  we 've been through a great many years of cheating . 
  qe is cheating big time . 
  autocracy and oligarchy are cheating as far as democracy is concerned . 
  ps : cars and electrical goods are cheaper . 
  [ merkel and sarkozy do dinner for one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8kj4jbf-w0 ) . 
  the euro aside the situation in the uk over the last decade has been that incomes largely stagnated or went negative in real terms . 
  prices have been a combination of inflation and deflation . 
  there are many discount stores and many bargains available in supermarkets etc. 
  the government created a false boom by borrowing in large amounts and injecting this money , in a large part , into the non productive sector . 
  the price increases on adoption of the euro where very noticeable . 
  however the french had the best approach as they required all price labels to be dual euros and ff 's - hence the supermarkets etc.
