  you do n't need any ` theory ' to know that . 
  what portugal has to realise is that money - any money - it does n't matter what it is - is hours worked . 
  now this can be portuguese hours worked , or it can be other people 's hours worked . 
  the only difference is that if it is other people 's hours worked the portuguese then owe that back plus interest . 
  so the question comes down to - are they prepared to do the work themselves or do they expect someone else to do it for them ? 
  the classic one i heard was that president bush jnr . 
  said `` the french do n't have a word for entrepreneur . '', 
  [ do n't mention the war ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xnnhzgcwtk ) . 
  ps : can i give one classic example where one top down europe goes very wrong and that is with labour market flexibility . 
  in the uk we have the classic contractors , temps , casual staff and full time employees . 
  each serves a very important part of the economy . 
  none are actually exploited , they have work - which is better than no work . 
  contractors , for example , earn a good income when the economy is healthy and they are more likely to be in work when it is n't . 
  labour market flexibility means that companies can easily ramp up when the economy is picking up and they can handle downturns . 
  when an economy downturns the last thing that a company can afford is expensive labour costs - they are much more likely not to employ . 
  a contractor in the uk is a small business person . 
  they have a different arrangement than an employee . 
  they ca n't claim unemployment benefit , holiday and sick pay . 
  they have to take care of their retirement contributions . 
  they often do n't work a full year . 
  in return they can claim their business costs and they pay lower tax rates - small business rates . 
  in the uk contractors are often taken on for specific projects - they are a resource . 
  on the continent they are often used to avoid the social chapter . 
  in the uk the contracts are often much shorter than they are on the continent . 
  many of the countries on the continent have what 's called the 183 day rule . 
  this means that if a contractor works 183 or more days in any one country they have to work that contract through an umbrella company . 
  this means that for most continental contracts the contractor more than doubles their non subsistence costs - typically at 43 % - versus 18 to 20 % . 
  it also means that when a contractor works via an umbrella company out of their home country they cause huge problems with their social benefits in their home country , particularly with their retirement benefit . 
  when they finish their contract they go straight back to their home country and they do often not draw on social benefits in their host country . 
  continental clients do pay a higher rate - the rate is forced up because of the extra costs and , that in turn , adds to their costs . 
  however over the course of the economic crisis they have driven down the rate . 
  a lot of the contractors on the continent are uk contractors - because of how big our contracting sector is - ie . 
  the economic culture is there . 
  the economy in the uk has been picking up well , especially in the first half of the year , although the second half may well be different . 
  what this has all meant is that uk contractors , whilst being paid less in gross terms than on the continent are paid more in net terms . 
  hence many uk contractors have been staying in the uk and continental clients are having big problems getting staff . 
  what this all means is that flexible economies like in the uk are able to far more easily and quickly recover from the economic crisis . 
  continental countries , on the other hand , will probably stagnate for 10 to 15 years at least . 
  and will the continental countries adopt flexible work practices ? 
  - unlikely unless they see other countries succeeding with them - and that 's where the whole situation comes down to . 
  if you have a ` one europe ' doing things wrong and seeing no different they will not change . 
  if , however , they are diverse they will see what works and can adopt it . 
  however this means a diversified and localised europe - not a ` one europe ' . 
  how much money is wasted in the cap ? 
  how much in olive oil frauds ? 
  and various other frauds ? 
  if , instead of italy giving it 's eu contribution to the eu and then the eu then spending it back in italy , italy just kept hold of the money itself and spent it the best way it saw fit i 'm sure that waste and fraud would be greatly minimised . 
  politicians and bureaucrats love spending money that is not theirs and because it 's not theirs they are far less careful in spending it . 
  regarding national agencies being beholden - the uk has a very professional public service , it certainly is not perfect , it certainly was politicised under the socialist labour government but a lot of that damage is being repaired . 
  international agencies are not automatically not beholden . 
  they become very much beholden to transnational interests . 
  a good example is how the un has become corrupted by environmental interests , particularly by the agw proponents . 
  environmentalism has become very much a driving force for world government . 
  the big problem with governments that are very remote from the people that they are governing is that they , by the nature of the size of the population , become very unaccountable - they are far too remote and they have not a clue what reality is . 
  the people do not have much knowledge on the people that they are voting for and much choice in who they vote for . 
  demos ' require common language , common culture , common values , common perceptions , common narratives . 
  yes europeans have a lot in common but they are not a common demos . 
  the difference between the germans and the greeks is a classic case in point . 
  if the greeks were not accepted into the euro , if they had full control and responsibility for their own economic situation their situation could have been sorted out at far less cost than it is going to cost all of us . 
  as for fedualism and the enlightenment the countries of europe each have their own history and situations . 
  france had it 's revolution but ended up with a very patrimony based society - very different from britain . 
  britain very much embraced the enlightenment - it was a key part of the industrial revolution . 
  germany and other countries in europe such as belguim had their less bloody revolutions . 
  there was also the reformation - the splitting off of the protestant churches from the catholic church - this is a major part of european history and is a difference between countries . 
  and then there is the new world - the usa coming from the enlightenment , the reformation , democratic capitalism , and the other new world countries in the anglo world plus the porteguese and spanish countries . 
  feudalism very much [ reinvented itself ] ( http://www.martindurkin.com/blogs/nazi-greens-inconvenient-history ) in a number of modern forms . 
  these days it makes itself synonymous with the state and particularly with large countries and transnational bodies . 
  britain is very much an individual case - the individual countries of the uk all have a common language and much of a common shared history . 
  we are a demos . 
  and there has been devolution of powers over the last decade plus into the individual countries - the opposite of what you are proposing . 
  anyway , enough said , i must have dinner . 
  with each of these agencies there are further subsidiary agencies required within each individual country so it is extra cost . 
  i have no problems with e numbers - i greatly welcome them , i also greatly welcome ingredients lists , but those sorts of things can be negotiated between the countries without any large overarching bureaucracy . 
  bureaucracies have the habit of growing massively in size . 
  i 'm very much against uniform food regulations - euro cheese , euro beer etc. 
  these can be set up for trade between countries , if required , but are certainly not necessary within countries - they just destroy choice and diversity - they destroy the richness of europe . 
  i travel a lot for business and i often have stomach problems and no eu regulations would prevent that - only good food hygeine practices which the eurocrats would miss with all their regulations and inspections . 
  ask yourself ` how often do you see people wiping their noses on their fingers , picking their noses even ? ', 
  how much does a practice like that cause health problems ? 
  - a lot . 
  would the eurocrats fix that problem ? 
  - very unlikely . 
  the only country that i have seen solve that problem is australia and it was very much solved at the ground level . 
  se asians are also very good with personal hygeine . 
   how is that different from my proposal other than built-in institutional support for those agreements ( which , in the long run , would save money ) ? 
  the eu wastes huge amounts of money in : - 1 ) bureaucracy . 
  2 ) mismanagement . 
  3 ) fraud . 
  the eu auditors have never been prepared to sign off the accounts - far too much money disappearing . 
  the closer you get the control and management of the spending to the source of the money the more efficiently that money will be spent . 
   ... banking ... 
  i do n't disagree with good banking regulation - it was part of the cause of the economic crisis along with governments massively overspending etc. 
  however the regulation went very well in the individual countries before the repeal of the glass-steagall type legislations around the world . 
  i do n't see the eu doing it any better . 
  the assumption that the eurocrats will be any better is a complete misnomer - it 's like the misnomer that fedualists have that they are somehow morally better . 
   the constitution \\ the lisbon treaty ... no , it 's not a philosphical issue , far from it , it 's a lot of very practical on the ground issues - ask the average eu citizen - if they are prepared to speak to you . 
  enforcing it on the citizens of the eu only greatly weakens the ` democratic legitimacy ' . 
  the eu does not have a single demos . 
  it has to be as per it 's history - each country existing as per their own individual identity - playing their own part and playing their own way and being responsible forthemselves . 
  it is vitally important that consequencies are not remoted from actions - this is deadly as we see only too well as the mistakes of history are being repeated yet again .
