  could not get away with price increases without being clearly noticed . 
  everything else is just bad economic management . 
  ps : those figures look a little low and the rise looks very high . 
  france has had consistent unemployment and debt problems for many years . 
  it 's a ` weekly ' event , just does n't get the publicity though , except if it becomes widespread and large in number . 
  rather like football violence and associated pub trashing in england - mostly you do n't know it 's happening because the government and the media have an agreement not to publicise it . 
  it 's mainly up in the north east suburbs of paris . 
  i think merkozy is too busy trying to save europe than to worry about things like unemployment and the economy . 
  it destroys our strength - our diversity . 
  it straight jackets us and makes it very hard for us to adapt to changing circumstances - to progressively evolve . 
  the comment `` national interest '' is the key . 
  we 've got the situation where merkel has got a nice big strap-on on and she is riding sarkozy high and hard and he does n't like it one bit . 
  the attention has been switched to britain which , quite understandably , wo n't have any of it . 
  ultimately each country will have to act in it 's own national interest and there will be a great recovery of national sovereignty . 
  there is still a lot that can be retained and be done co-operatively . 
  however not the national economies . 
  national currencies will have to be re-adopted and be floated . 
  however exchange of currencies can be done on a simple qe basis - negatively qe 'd at source country then positively qe 'd into the destination country . 
  no margins , just a low charge . 
  there is a huge amount of the eu that can and should be done differently . 
  perhaps this is a good opportunity to address the issues and to listen to the people of europe . 
  one of the things that retail banks get to do is to create money in response to deposits made . 
  this gives them liquidity . 
  what is also allows them to do is to provide good interest rates in response to those deposits made . 
  what the government can do is to stipulate that certain loan categories have an interest rate pegged to the base rate . 
  they can stipulate that housing loans have a low interest rate and that other loans have a higher rate . 
  this allows the government to enable stimulation of certain sectors of the market . 
  providing that this system is kept within the retail banking sector - ie . 
  this created money is not allowed into the investment banking sector - then this system works well . 
  once this ` funny money ' is put into the investment banking sector - ie . 
  in an attempt to monetise it - it creates an unstable economy due to it 's inherent lack of real value . 
  a big problem with the economic crisis has been large amounts of funny money circulating around the various markets , distorting these markets , being increased greatly in size and being skimmed off . 
  the times is contaminated by murdoch making it very untrustworthy . 
  the telegraph is much more upfront . 
  i think that the real danger with merkozy is that we will end up with one giant group think eu - now that would be really dangerous . 
  that may be . 
  however the temptation is to slag off the other side . 
  france has a lot of ad . 
  's and disad . 
  likewise britain . 
  however britain has done itself a lot of damage over the last century . 
  it is beneath us to participate in this slanging match . 
  what we have got to do is to let the facts speak for themselves - sort out our economy and our country . 
  it 's a black hole , and it 's getting bigger , and bigger . 
  the eu is accepted piecemeal by most of the eu countries including france . 
  france does not accept the single market if it does n't suit it - just look at what it does over internet gambling for a classic example - euromillions in other countries can not trade in france . 
  internet gambling sites have to get special permission from the french authorities to trade in france irrespective of which eu country they are based in . 
  then look at contractors and consultants - small business people - most eu countries do not allow these businesses to operate out of their home countries - they have to arrange for their staff to work via umbrella companies in the particular country where they are working . 
  this , in practice , is irrespective of how short or long they are working in that country and where they reside in and where they will locate after the job is finished and , for that matter , where they will retire to . 
  britain has abided by far the most to eu legislation , stupidly so it can be argued . 
  europe is going tits up . 
  it has to decide whether it wants to go all tits up or to restrict the damage to the minimum number of countries . 
  it also has to decide how it wants to be fucked - whether on it 's back , on it 's knees or greek style . 
  britain is deciding that it makes more sense to survive . 
  it , hopefully , will change from trade on the basis of politics to trade on the basis of good products and good services . 
  we were heavily in demand during the industrial revolution because of our products , these days we sell a lot of pharmaceuticals , have a good software industry etc. 
  the usa has been the same for many products - eg . 
  computer hardware and software over the last 30 years for one example . 
  if it comes down to politics we certainly have many alternate opportunities . 
  there is also the issue of trade the other way . 
  the eu countries sell many products and services into the uk . 
  and you have the situation of the 3m odd expats living in france , spain , portugal & italy etc. 
  who spend some # 21b per year there . 
  i 'm one of them - france - which i love - but i do think that the eu is being extremely unwise , dare i say , stupid and crazy , and it will all come crashing down - probably 2013 . 
  i do think that the uk needs to withdraw a huge amount from it 's involvement in the eu . 
  maximise it 's sovereignty . 
  minimise it 's eu expenditure . 
  it needs to be able to act as a free agent - to be able to chart it 's own course . 
  only by doing that can it ensure it 's survival . 
  the rest of the eu ? 
  - well it will collapse together - all countries together - and no nice ` loyalty ' feelings will change any of the facts on the ground . 
  another point for the politicians to consider - if you give full freedom and opportunity to the people - bottom up - then they have only themselves to blame if things go wrong for them individually . 
  if you take full control and you stuff up then they only have you to blame - a note to merkozy . 
  it 's much better to balance , enable and facilitate , than it is to dictate . 
  if we are to solve this financial crisis we need to have bottom up - progressive evolution . 
  the eu way is top down - mass extinction events . 
  they are remoting consequences from actions thus embedding problems very deep . 
  this threatens to bring down the whole of europe . 
  also - look at how the debt crisis occurred - governments and populaces cheating , governments offloading responsibilities to external countries within the eu - ie . 
  being subsidised . 
  what happened is that they remoted the results of their actions from their actions . 
  think that greece will solve it 's problems whilst being subsidised by the eu ? 
  i think not . 
  it , like italy , is now in a state of occupation by the eu . 
  if it was totally responsible for it 's own state then it would have no one to turn to for it 's failings and it would have to deal with it 's failings itself . 
  only in that way would it solve it 's problems . 
  what we have now is millions of people working many hours for free to subsidise irresponsible politicians and people . 
  further look at what the various key acts post wwii did - they very much protected the middle class - the generators of the economy - and they protected and encouraged the bottom up . 
  look at bretton woods , look at glass-steagall , look at media ownership laws and regulations , look at conflict of interest laws and regulations and laws and regulations against monopolies . 
  the leaders at that time realised just how important these all were . 
  in the mid 70 's we , as a massive result of these laws and regulations and the bottom up and the associated freedoms , had a surplus of investment moneys looking at a shortage of safe investment placements . 
  this led to the debt culture - both private - corporate and personal - credit cards etc. 
  - and public - government . 
  it was also a time of the building up of the corporations - mergers and acquisitions . 
  and it was a time of building up of many political monoliths - both government and qango . 
  we are now at a time that is unsustainable . 
  we are in a massive hole and some of us are hell bent on keeping digging . 
  it is the 20 's and 30 's repeated . 
  me - i think we should stop digging and change course very quickly . 
  i have no problem with sensible regulation of the financial system - like what existed post wwii .
