  how to trade internationally with a single currency ? 
  - simple - have the euro as well and trade against it . 
  money is a representation of hours worked - that is it 's value . 
  if a person in germany generates say dm100 that should be exchangeable with any other european currency - eg . 
  ff300 - without any margin being charged - ie . 
  as if it is a euro currency . 
  further when the exchange takes place the currency should be negatively qe 'd out of the german system and positively qe 'd into the french system . 
  after all all it is is a representation of value - it does n't matter what denomination it is in . 
  trade out of the euro zone could be conducted using the euro - convert from local currency to euro , then at the destination country from euro to local currency . 
  the tricky bit would be establishing and maintaining an exchange rate for the euro . 
  technically true . 
  the various european empires were based around monarchies . 
  the holy roman empire lasted well over 900 years into the start of our modern time . 
  however the best candidate is the united kingdom which is a democracy consisting of four countries that has existed for over 300 years . 
  europe 's biggest strengths lay in its diversity . 
  i 'm all in favour of the countries of europe getting together and reaching common agreements . 
  it has to be such that a bottom up approach is maintained . 
  at the moment we have a very top down one size fits all approach and that is destroying europe . 
  there are many ways to approach the issues it just needs our leaders to be inventive . 
  so i 'm not in favour of an all powerful europe wide national parliament but i am in favour of an eec type model . 
  one of the big problems with the current setup is that it has been and is subverting democracy . 
  this is a real danger . 
  what is needed is : - 1 ) a lot of very creative thinking - out of the box thinking . 
  this requires great flexibility - something that the eu has been working against . 
  diversity provides the environment under which many solutions can be looked at and tried and the successful ones adopted - progressive evolution . 
  bottom up rather than top down . 
  2 ) a lot of down to earth common sense . 
  3 ) and probably a lot of fudging . 
  one of many ideas that can be looked at is running a dual currency scheme - drachma for internal , euro internal and external . 
  if sarkozy wants to solve the unemployment problem he needs to solve the inflexible labour market problem . 
  on a completely separate but very pertinent issue . 
  there is a growing massive problem in the eu of lack of labour market flexibility . 
  within an economy such as the uk 's there are basically 3 types of ` staff . 
  : - i ) employed staff . 
  these have full benefits including unemployed benefits . 
  they are taxed at full personal rates . 
  their employers smooth out the income . 
  ii ) contract staff . 
  these are people operating as single owner operator companies - contracted out services . 
  they very much have a deal with the state where they ca n't claim unemployment benefits but have much greater responsibility and control over their personal income . 
  they are taxed at business rates thus offsetting the greater risk . 
  they do not have any paid annual leave or sick leave . 
  their income is not guaranteed and they need to earn a good amount upfront in order to tide themselves over periods when they are n't earning . 
  they are small business people . 
  iii ) temp staff - they operate similarly to contract staff . 
  they are casual labour and do not have rights to annual leave and sick pay etc. 
  they are paid an increased amount but are often taxed similar to an employee . 
  the eu has the 183 day rule where it treats contractors as employees if they work more than 183 days for a client . 
  at this point they end up paying around 42 % in taxes and charges . 
  rates prior to the crash were sufficient to offset this but this whole situation did increase costs greatly to continental clients . 
  after the crash the clients started screwing down the rates . 
  the payment of local taxes also upsets the contractor 's home country tax arrangements . 
  the contractors end up getting screwed from all sides . 
  when an economy downsizes it needs flexibility in it 's workforce to handle the decreased workload . 
  during the downturn companies ca n't afford to keep all their permanent staff . 
  contractors and temps are useful . 
  when an economy grows it needs labour flexibility - it needs to take on contractors and temps to fill the gaps . 
  we are now in the situation where the economy is picking up , particularly in the uk , but uk contractors are often refusing to work on the continent - it is just not worth it - too many hassles , too much cost . 
  what this means is that the eu powers that be and particularly many of the member states themselves are shooting themselves in the foot economically . 
  the uk has the flexibility to take on all the work that the continent is missing out on . 
  and the uk is being more price competitive . 
  it 's not `` cause major '' it 's `` cause majeure '' or more correctly `` force majeure '' it 's french you know - that country where you do n't get french fries from . 
  it 's time to [ pay the piper ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pied_piper_of_hamelin ) . 
  ultra horrible type ? 
  - no ca n't stand it , the real stuff for me . 
  white unsalted alpine butter is also very nice . 
  i think that the main reasons why the food quality is so good are : - 1 ) consumer consciousness - consumers are very much aware of quality food and demand it . 
  and the producers meeting that demand . 
  2 ) transparency - the legislation requires that the ingredients all be specified and that includes things like gm 's . 
  as such the producers are very up front with the consumers . 
  3 ) well produced meat - meat not injected with all sorts of things such as growth hormones etc. 
  general adherence to good quality production . 
  there is a strong organic food industry here . 
  4 ) likewise quality other ingredients . 
  will any site illegally blocked be able to demand full compensation ? 
  and if that site has been gratuitously blocked on demand from a commercial company or organisation , will the site be able to not only demand that the company or organisation pay compensation but also be fined ? 
  that compensation covering all lost revenue during and after the blocking and all associated costs including legal costs . 
  the courts upholding all demands for compensation and fines . 
  i 'm very french in my approach - simple meals that taste good . 
  pasta , camargue rice , thin crust pizzas . 
  variety of meats , poultry , sea foods . 
  french and old english herbs and spices . 
  garlic and dijon mustard . 
  pots of chopped vegetables - peppers , dried tomatoes , artichokes . 
  nice cheeses and good wine . 
  france is seriously talking about the ` end of an era ' - the end of the euro . 
  if the euro does go ` en chute ' it will loosen things up - get rid of the stagnation . 
  and that cure has to ultimately come from greece - not be imposed . 
  at the moment they are going into administration and it is being imposed . 
  greece is effectively going into administration as a delinquent debtor . 
  it 's choices are : - 1 ) be administered within the eu . 
  or 2 ) withdraw from the euro and even possibly the eu . 
  re-establish the drachma . 
  devalue , qe , fix it 's economy , then deal with any debt issues . 
   [ germany has every right to impose a gauleiter on greece ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/finance/jeremywarner/100014524/germany-has-every-right-to-impose-a-gauleiter-on-greece/ ) . 
  yes - that 's democracy . 
  the people , the legislators , understand that internationally certain minimum standards are expected from them . 
  if the democracy in their countries is not protected by their legislature then they understand that they will be removed from international bodies including the eu . 
  it 's a mature approach - there 's no overbearing bureaucrat imposing the brussels way dictator style , it 's purely democratic in nature . 
  edit : to be clear - what we have at the moment is the eu legislating for countries internally .
