whats with the whole bridge over bosnian sea thing ? 
  not sure the bosnians are ok with that . 
  better red than dead ? 
   he 's not going to stop until he get 's in a quarrel with all our neighbours . 
  what do you mean until ? 
  dont worry , germany has also full humanist ideas so there will not be a religious turmoil disaster . 
  and the imperial authority is at 0 . 
  what i am worried about is that the neighbouring countries join a coalition against germany once the truce is over . 
  syria and iraq were westernising which caused a +5 unrest and reactionaries have started sieging the country . 
  also , syria still might call in russia as an ally . 
  if they are such a big stack moving they will get at least 5 % percent attrition and cant move through hungary . 
  and you forget that a large part is going to sweden . 
  so if they fight in the mountains with a river crossing thats a -4 penalty . 
  and the rebels have 15 % better discipline so anything is possible . 
  yeah but they are muslim tech tree and need to westernize first . 
  and the rebels have full prussian national ideas . 
  well , i hear there is high unrest in some german provinces so some rebels might appear unless they raise autonomy or harsh treat the rebels . 
  if you have ever played europa universalis you wil know that the pu with germany will resolve if their prestige is below zero . 
  so they have to give over some of the money they got to a eu supervised fund and now they should hand over border supervision . 
  sure , they did a bad job with the whole letting refugees in but damn . 
  its not easy being greece these days . 
  i actually feel bad for them . 
  silly you . 
  everyone knows that paper beats stone . 
  now if they also have scissors then we have a problem . 
  i am saying that people have been working for 16 hours with only a sandwich . 
  i am saying that the nobody took care of the police officers . 
  they were ignored and took for granted . 
  if a fireman ( who is also a professional and compensated for his time ) would be extinguishing forest fires for more than half a day and only got a piece of bread to eat , would you be also so obtuse . 
  if i or anyone works for longer that 8 hours i like to be at least well fed . 
  its common courtesy in the place where i come from that employees should not be hungry during work . 
  we are not north korea after all . 
  i am all for a more closer union but not if it means a german hegemony . 
  i was under the impression that in the past france was somewhat of a counter for the germans in the eu , but since holland came to power there is barely any sound from france . 
  the british are on foot through the door . 
  no the v4 group is standing their ground , but how much can they really do . 
  we will end up like yugoslavia where the serbs started to boss around the other nations . 
   the long cold war between aldi nord and s\u00fcd has just become hot !, 
  lidl master race !!!, 
  pray the slav away !, 
  its adam and eve not adamov in evova !, 
  ( its cool , im slavic , so im allowed to say that ) . 
  `` they who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety . '', 
  we were still here . 
  building high speed train lines , integrating former comunist states , giving a welfare state to people . 
  its not like anyone said we will intentionly disregard it . 
  its not like we lack anything today . 
  if you are so disgusted by europe not having enough it innovation be my guest and create it . 
  im not saying we are great but shaming europe and at the same time prasing china seem unbalanced . 
  even if we create a innovative new `` facebook or google '' the big players will buy them or make their own version and push the newcomer out of the market . 
  well they are german , so everything short of perfection is an utter failure . 
  did you google that ? 
  so skype is not good enough , but alibaba is great ? 
  its basically just ebay with cheap chinese goods ? 
  what a fucked up world this must be , where i actually agree with something that football hooligans did . 
  so a continent exchange ? 
  i could go for some nigerian oil . 
  or south african diamonds . 
  i agree , the guardian and their refugee cover sucks . 
  but the daily mail was bad even before the crisis and are not credible on any other topic . 
  the daily mail is just plain and simple a bad newspaper . 
  not the most credible source . 
  for me their news are on the same level as facebook posts . 
   the others were used to at least some quality of life before war broke out in syria . 
  not the best idea to say they want the same quality of life as pre-war syria . 
  you are basically saying 6 eu counties , some of them are oecd members have worse quality of life than pre war syria . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/fluechtlinge-nahles-rechnet-mit-mehr-arbeitslosen-2016-a-1053827.html germany expects a rise in unemployment and their minimal wage might be under question because the refugees could not be productive enough to be paid 8,5 euro/hour . 
  it might be too soon to make any statements how educated and skilled the refugees are . 
  also 84 percent literacy rate is not really that good , if we take into account that the worst european country is kosovo with a literacy rate of 91.9 percent . 
  heres how its going down . 
  refugees come to the border with croatia . 
  they ( police ) are let in in groups ( women , children and sick first ) and are transported to centers where they are processed and registestred they also get food , and medical help if they need . 
  then they are send to accommodations where they can sleep and get fresh cloths given to them by the slovenian red cross and caritas . 
  if they want they could stay here but they dont want to . 
  this is not asylum , this is just a temporary place for foreigners as it called in slovene . 
  they move on to austria and we have no reason or even the manpower to stop them . 
  i am not sure what the your main concern is ? 
  that we are happy that not many want asylum ? 
  we i cant speak for the whole country , but i am happy . 
  there are many thousand people in the way to germany and we could not handle to give them all the appropriate asylum requirements . 
  also they dont want to stay here should we arrest them and give them `` forced asylum '' ? 
  all i know is , its a fucked up situation . 
  we are not trying to shut the borders or hurt the migrants . 
  theres only so much we can do , and only so much the refugees want we do . 
  the refugees that have crossed the border in the last days only seven have agreed to asylum the rest wants to move on to austria and germany . 
  as is reported by the [ slovenian media ] ( http://www.24ur.com/novice/slovenija/policisti-do-polnoci-v-sprejemne-centre-po-drzavi-prepeljali-960-ljudi-slovenija-tako-sprejela-ze-vec-kot-2000-ljudi.html ) if you have more information than someone living in slovenia dont be shy and inform me . 
  some ? 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=macaron&amp;es_sm=93&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cacq_auoawovchmizejzuqufyaivgj4uch0ulgsu&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=643 ) sorry it seems i dont get the point . 
  fixed the time frame . 
  yeah , its more of a hobby . 
  at the moment in slovenia . 
  we are taking them in , register them , give them food , fresh cloths and beds and offer asylum . 
  ~ ~ none ~ ~ ~ ~ seven ~ ~ 23 have asked for asylum . 
  but they are happy to eat the food and sleep and then go to austria . 
  no thank you , they just get up and leave . 
  we dont try to hinder them , after all they are not in prison . 
  maybe we should just register them and show them to the nearest border crossing and save our self thousands of meals . 
  after all thousand of people arriving are a stress on our charity organizations . 
  one thing that pisses me off . 
  the police officers have been working overtime for 16 hours ( could be more ) and all they got to eat was a sandwich .
