  yes . 
  i dont like the whole `` there is no evidence , but we all know russia is doing it '' . 
  it 's a slippery slope . 
  it has come so far that people accuse russia everything . 
  from singlehandedly causing brexit to sending immigrants to europe . 
  nobody knows for sure , but lets say it publicly anyway . 
  so we are basically supporting the russian misinformation tactics . 
  the so called australians are coming here uninvited and taking away good , decent , hardworking european parody jobs . 
  so sad . 
  lets not turn this into the next eurosong . 
  \\ #buildthewall, 
  money doesnt stink . 
  all the people investing in eastern poland . 
  if the post is editorialised , and this one is , it needs to be removed . 
  those are the rules . 
  a united austro-hungary would be the same as the eu but with less countries in it . 
  and with austria as the main power instead of eus germany . 
  jesus , there cant be an article without the omnipresent trump in it ? 
  are they seriously calling the spd socialists ? 
  they are left wing social democrats , but the linke is in my mind the german party of socialists . 
  even without russian hacking , the west seems to be destabilising itself perfectly fine by themselves . 
  there is literally no building in the pictures that was build in the timeline when trieste was venetian . 
  most of the buildings in the album look neo-classical ( apart from the ancient theatre ) so i dare to say they were build during the reign of austrians . 
  and also the main reason why trieste is as influential as it is is because it was the main trading port of the habsburg empire . 
  also , the part about italians kicking austrian ass is quite a stretch , but you know ... whatever floats your boat . 
  are there any german jokes ** without ** an indepth explanation ? 
  ( i know it is a lame cliche joke , but that guy set me up . ), 
  so the whole ~ ~ r/der _ schulz ~ ~ the_schulz thing is ironic , but at the same time its not ironic ? 
  clearly people did realise that the literal `` train without brakes '' in real life would be considers a worrisome thing ? 
  but how does it stop ? 
  clearly the mods have an anti-bovine agenda . 
  \\ #makeeuropecattleagain, 
  well , i guess his law was successful then . 
  i do n't know . 
  the source site seems a bit too politically orientated for me to say they are non-biased . 
  ok why i have doubts :  media matters for america is a web-based , not-for-profit , 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) progressive research and information center dedicated to comprehensively monitoring , analysing , and correcting conservative misinformation in the u.s. media . 
  their own introduction . 
  a non biased monitoring site would not point out that they are `` progressive '' or that their main goal is `` conservative misinformation '' . 
  i do n't accept everything the heritage foundation and others actors announce , but i should hold the other political option to a lower standard ? 
  and just for information , the mentioned site quotes buzzfeednews , who themselves quote a 16-year old twitter user . 
  this is not quality `` monitoring and analysing '' in my book . 
  do n't take it to hard . 
  the people that complain that the us meddle in other countries are the same people who call for the us to `` do something '' when there are reports of crisis in the news . 
  china is still an authoritarian state , should we really become best buddies with such a state while we at the same time criticise turkey , russia and other such countries who have a questionable track record . 
  the way i see it , if trump gets really into `` america first '' , europe will have to stand on its own legs , diplomatically and militarily . 
  is it because he is wearing white socks ? 
  if so : get him out boys . 
  so they used illegal immigrants to take away decent romans jobs ? 
  sad !, 
  see , the romans build a ~ ~ wall ~ ~ limes and made the germans pay for it . 
  it is really strange that sweden and the czech republic have the around the same population number . 
  it is hard to believe . 
  luxemburg buys 51k cars yeary ? 
  according to r/worldnews a hard brexit means that putin gets to be the new ruler of europe . 
  well , slovenia is in front of new zealand , switzerland and germany , but behind rwanda and the philippines . 
  so it is kinda a strange ranking . 
  and some other person posted basically the same thing in r/slovenia . 
  yeah , i was making a semi sarcastic joke . 
  it was a play on the calls of `` solidarity '' between the eu countries when there is something bad happening ( financial crisis , migrant crisis ) . 
  and how if someone is reluctant to participate he is put on the spot . 
  it seems like we all have to carry the burdens of the eu , while everyone hoard the rewards . 
  surplus solidarity ? 
  i like the sound of that . 
  liberal ? 
  as in fdp ( ger ) liberal or as in democratic party ( us ) liberal ? 
  because there is quite a difference between who or what a liberal is . 
  holy shit dude . 
   how are is it to understand that those people are far right wingers that want to censor their critics ? 
  better report that there is a nazi village in switzerland . 
  / s also , nice generalisation of the whole village . 
   you 're from slovenia , to them you are trash by the way ... 
  i have been to switzerland multiple times and never felt like being mistreated , but than again i speak fluently german and dont behave like an asshole towards the locals . 
  maybe you personally think that i am trash because i am from slovenia and you are deflecting that to the swiss . 
   you 're from slovenia , to them you are trash by the way ... again , nice generalisation of the whole swiss population . 
  over half of slovenia is covered in forests and additional reforestation is at the moment more of a problem than a blessing . 
  also the un peacekeeping troops send is not really an indicator of `` goodness '' . 
  peacekeeping troops are reimbursed by the un and for poorer countries it is actually good business to send troops to such missions . 
   it 's not `` swiss customs '' , there are a ton of swiss that share her views . 
  too bad the swiss who share her views dont live in the same town/village as her or she would have gotten her citizenship . 
   on the other side it would be impossible to make smaller cow bells !, 
  [ damn straight !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyv2cplufua ), 
  shit man , i am having cabbage and potatoes for lunch and now you made me feel bad . 
  all true and if she was less in conflict with the swiss customs she would become a citizen . 
  if such a person comes to any semi-rural community in europe she would be in conflict with the locals . 
  the thing in switzerland is that the locals have a say if they want to reward you with citizenship . 
  if i had the chance to vote about the citizenship of an annoying neighbour , i would deny them so hard you would not believe it . 
  and italy is a dlc ? 
  why not romania early access ? 
  you got a problem with the slovenian flag , m8 ? 
  every guy that will stab you over a drink ? 
   but you do n't want to tweet out an image that you 're doing that . 
  why not ? 
  this is basically that what they were doing . 
  and the police had good reasons to do so . 
  why should we be doing a thing and then come up with a `` politically correct '' way of saying it . 
  also , `` nafri '' is literally the short form if `` north african '' . 
  how is this offensive ? 
  the germans do the same thing with americans = amis , and nobody sheds a tear . 
   \\ #polizeinrw #silvester 2016 #sicherink\u00f6ln : hundreds of nafris screened at main railway station .
