  details follow . 
  http://url.nrw/silvester2016 this is the tweet in mention . 
  for me not really bragging or abusive . 
  the main goal is to assure safety . 
  maybe people complaining are trying to find things to be upset about . 
  also the whole `` negros = nafri '' thing is for me stretching it really thin . 
  the police being called racist is the least bad outcome . 
  at least last years incidents did not repeat themselves this year . 
  [ here is the whole wipe 2016 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xanypq5bcoa ), 
  maybe because brandenburg gate and the reichstag do not sell tickets , so there is no precise way to say how many visit ? 
  i was expecting buckingham palace . 
  but then again people dont really `` visit '' buckingham palace , they just stand in front of . 
  she has internalised the oppression . 
  i have trouble seeing what the issue here is . 
  toilets are a minority right now ? 
  was there a problem with transgender children using the toilets ? 
  was there a genitalia police at the door of the toilet ? 
  to what degree have the children suffered discrimination ? 
  not really that much info about that in the article . 
  if a transgender man goes to the man toilet is it/was it really such a problem ? 
  if a transgender person goes into the same toilet as me and does his number one or two , would i even notice that he is transgender . 
  unless he would blatantly show of his genitalia , or his lack of said genitalia . 
  even for a ordinary man that would be a faux pas . 
  i have trouble understanding how will the everyday situation be any different for someone . 
  it seems like the regional government is creating a problem so it has something to solve . 
  also the whole `` forcing others into being more tolerant '' is quite an oxymoron . 
  so it is not that much the whole transgender issue that bothers me , but the appearance of unnecessary legislating and unnecessary complicating of things . 
  transgender children are rare , how much such ruling is necessary is for me questionable . 
  but the valencian regional government is made up of socialists and other left wing groups . 
  and such policies are right up their alley . 
  also there are now concrete barriers in christmas markets and heavy police presence , so it is not like `` we live our lives as usual '' . 
  i call for an embargo of chocolate and chocolate raw material from and to croatia . 
  their choco-loko based diplomacy in the last weeks has clearly shown that they ca n't be trusted with such a delicate thing like chocolate . 
  put the croatian prime minister , trump and a kit kat bar in the same room and we might get ww3 . 
  yes , the far right do n't want any immigrants . 
  they do n't want many things , actually . 
  your point is ? 
  this was a solution in the summer of 2015 before the mass wave and the incidents . 
  at that time the refugee welcome policy was favoured by the people and the politicians and limiting the transit on the balkan route was met with accusation of xenophobia . 
  by now ( one million people in germany alone ) , it will be almost impossible to convince the western european electorate to accept even genuine refugees . 
  and i would not even try to ask people east of the oder or south of the danube . 
  i think that the guy who did this atrocity was not the original driver . 
  the german police says that there were two persons in the truck cabin . 
  this is strange . 
  normally there is only one truck driver present even on long hauls . 
  i is kinda hard to be in christmas-y spirit after such a day . 
  make europe green again ? 
   the dublin administration said the eu 's competition watchdog had interfered with its sovereignty in finding that the tech giant enjoyed a special deal allowing it to pay 0.0005 % tax in 2014 - 50 euro for every one million of profit . 
  at this rate it is not a tax anymore , it 's an administration fee . 
  i guess , if nobody wants that money , i am prepared to sacrifice myself and take it . 
  you know , to help ireland out . 
  man this title is hard to decipher . 
  at first i was thinking there is a populist politician in europe called magic and he sucks at economy . 
  if assad wins : repression or worse for the rebels and their supporters if the rebels win : retribution against assad supporters and high chance of sectarian violence and no central authority of the government if isis wins : i cant even imagine . 
  on german new year celebrations do you always get so many rockets and firecrackers in the crowd or was it a `` cologne new year 2016 '' kind of thing ? 
  the dank meme war to end all meme wars . 
  nice to see you guys are keeping it short and simple . 
  you know what makes me angry ? 
  articles that are all over the place : sigmund freud , socialism , enlightenment , freakanomics , darwin , 9/11 and underlying undertone of the omnipresent trump . 
  yeah , fuck quantitative surveys . 
  suck it gallop and pew . 
  tourists ? 
  crocs ? 
  poor austria has never seen a sunset . 
  needs more van damme . 
  you can have the cake , eat it , someone else will pay for it and you will lose weight while eating it . 
  well , they could still pay with coins . 
  in the current system the individual commissioner does n't represent the country he is from ( or at least that how it should be ) . 
  but he represents the interests of the whole eu . 
  the european council or more specific the council of eu represents the individual state . 
  and the european parliament represents the interest of the citizen . 
  or that is hot it should be on paper . 
  also the european commission is the basically the government of the eu . 
  and i ca n't recall a country in the eu where cabinet position are being open for election . 
  the ministers in countries are being appointed and that for good reason . 
  the government has to work closely together , so it is not smart to just throw a bunch of people together and hope they will run the country effectively . 
  also , i can not even imagine how the commission will function if one countries people decide to send a protest or populist candidate to the commission . 
  what if a nigel farage like person is elected into power ? 
  then again how do you decide what country/group of countries votes for what position in the commission ? 
  will countries elect a person and the position will be awarded a position on account of his expertise ? 
  will there be a rotation of positions the individual country chooses to fill ? 
  i like to read such behind the scene articles . 
  its like tmz for politics . 
  isnt there another name than `` on demand abortion '' ? 
  such naming makes it sound way too blas\u00e9 for the severity of the procedure . 
  didnt british leaders force britain into brexit ? 
  well , you know , you got to milk every last drop of karma . 
  so these foreigners come uninvited and take away jobs from honest french nationalists ? 
  i say we build a wall . 
  nobody really interested in the washing board or butter churner . 
  or last . 
  depend on how you look at it . 
  i will take this as a maybe . 
  so , because of ryanair ? 
  they are called romanians not vampires . 
  you fucking white male . 
  nah , the carrier is just powered by the new volkswagen eco-line engine . 
  what is this madness you dare to call slovenia ? 
  listen , i am not an american and i dont think it is appropriate for me to even comment on their political system or their political decision making process without feeling like the know-it-all-european . 
  was it a fair race ?
