  they make good ice cream . 
  its their budget . 
  they can do as they please . 
  habsburg empire comeback in 2016 ? 
  * cue radetzky march *, 
  [ me fail english ? ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzyci1bfata&amp;ab_channel=kurva2 ), 
  [ how about this ] ( https://youtu.be/8slepv9lys0?t=12s ), 
  what are you talking about . 
  everybody knows that the internal combustion engine is a piece of an incarcerated deamons spirit and has to be blessed to prevent the deamons escaping and causing global warming . 
  thats just christian car dogma 101 . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhgxoxeqafu&amp;ab_channel=ahavatisrael ), 
  oh yes , the `` right side of history '' argument . 
  good thing the politicians can see in the future and can tell us that everything will turn out well . 
  still not really impressive in the european comparison . 
  i dare to say there are bigger countries in europe than estonia that go more than a month without violent death . 
  dont they say that about every pension system ? 
  oh yes , the legendary 500 euro banknote . 
  the loch ness monster of banknotes . 
  people say it exists , but i have yet to see it in real life . 
  this are * anschluss * worthy numbers . 
  the guardian has a trust fund ? 
  ok you win . 
  communism is awesome . 
  lets all move to north korea . 
  if i never opened a history book i would believe you that every communists revolutionary fought for equality . 
  but having seen how many millions died in work camps and killed by the secret police just because they were bourgeois or considered enemy of the state i cant support it . 
  che guevara is a poster boy for communism and communism is a totalitarian regime as much as fascism is . 
  and condemning fascism , but at the same time supporting communism is for me hypocrisy . 
  for me deifying che guevara is the same as supporting general franco or mussolini . 
  isnt this a more fitting [ song ] ( https://youtu.be/f46lkpdypsy?t=26s ) for all occasions ? 
  [ there is no new year celebration without good , old alfi . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gg0sqbrd2dg&amp;ab_channel=lukadeber%c5%a1ek ), 
  well , you do see many people wearing a che guevara t-shirts and playing bandiera rosa and its all okay and good . 
  its like the only totalitarian regime are right , but being extreme left is somehow supported and encouraged . 
   accompanied with hand gestures so he speaks also italian ? 
  so hungary , a country much smaller , can build a hundred kilometres long border fence in a matter of weeks , but france somehow cant find the manpower and funds to clear an illegal settlement ? 
  i cant believe you just said that . 
  how narrow-mined are you actually ? 
  you think that free travel applies only to elves and dwarfs ? 
  i pitty you for your shire-centric view on the world . 
  okay , i heard a lot about the calais situation . 
  but i is still dont know what the details are . 
  how can there be a camp of people there ? 
  do the people there have refugee status in france or any other country ? 
  if not , why does the french government allow a large group of illegals to squat on the land ? 
  holiday person , you religious clerical theist !, 
  why not raise the stakes and organize a high jump competition ? 
  i hear its so bad in france the french have to eat snails and frogs . 
  this has been said a many times . 
  but for the european governments and the eu somehow every dude from here to china is a refugee . 
  i supported the refugee quota in the past but after seeing how many fortune seeker abuse the system their demands leave me cold . 
  refuge and asylum should not be something you choose and abuse but a means to keep you alive . 
  well , if we pull down the wire fence there is still the river there , so a late night drunk might fall into it and drown . 
  so we will have to bulldoze the river to save the our precious drunks . 
  \\ #drunklivesmatter, 
  cant wait for christmas morning and the gifts . 
  a somewhat radical group of people making lists of political enemies . 
  what could go wrong . 
  i am not sure its that many . 
  its military grade hardware , not the drones you can buy on amazon . 
  slovenia is also buying drones and three drones with the necessary equipment costs +400 k euros . 
  i dont think that merkel damaged the whole immigration and asylum system as it was flawed from the beginning . 
  the whole dublin system was set up so that the bulk of the illegal immigrants would be stranded in the peripheral countries . 
  which if you ask me , is a dick move . 
  truth be told , immigrant and refugees alike have been trying to reach germany and sweden well before this summer . 
  but the way i see it , the `` no limits on refugees '' speech opened the floodgates . 
  the countries on the balkan route who were somewhat blocking the mass of people just let them pass in droves . 
  because why should they play the role of doorman for germany . 
  to be fair the left and the right both paint the other side as violent and out of touch . 
  but i personally think that the left wing can get away with more . 
  if a left wing group demonstrates and gets violent the media narrative is `` they just feel passionately about the issue '' . 
  if a right wing is demonstrating ( even if its a moderate group ) , the narrative is `` civil war is starting '' . 
  makes sense . 
  the russians are exporting to india and china . 
  two countries that have bought soviet and russian equipment for decades . 
  there are a lot of sunken cost in changing the maintenance and logistics . 
  also they are investing large amounts of funds into defence . 
  he has a point . 
  that is how the american election cycle works . 
  in the primary election you pander to the somewhat radical parts of your party electorate , this is why you hear a lot of redistribution speeches on the democrats side and anti immigration on the republican side . 
  once the real election campaign starts they try to move to the center to envelope as much of moderates and undecided voters as they can . 
  and distance them self from the radicals . 
  so it might be that trumps is playing the tea party right wingers in the republican party and will be more moderate if he secures the party nomination . 
  also many american politicians have were insane views yet get consecutively elected . 
   jupiter icy moons explorer they tried so hard for such a lame acromym, 
  or the abomination that is the pizza-burek . 
  so wrong , yet so delicious . 
  do they use the antibiotics as a prevention measure or are the animals so sick they need so much antibiotics to survive ? 
  a literacy rate of 84 percent isnt really that great if you compare it in the european context . 
  the most illiterate country in europe is kosovo with 91 percent . 
  bombing is bad . 
  the rebels are bad . 
  the kurds are bad . 
  assad is bad . 
  isis is bad . 
  not doing anything is bad . 
  what should we do instead ? 
  if we send western ground troops there will be ~ ~ resurrections ~ ~ resurgence , people will die . 
  and the news will have more material to complain about .
