  clearly r/europe is gay . 
  europe even looks like a massive dong ( sweden + finland ) getting ready to penetrate a dude bending over . 
  maybe put a announcement about this . 
  for people unfamiliar with this it seems like r/europe came out of the closet . 
  yeah , whats up with that ? 
  angela is a hardcore gamer . 
  every evening she plays on her xcubicle 360 and nintekwando playboy . 
  and her favorite game ? 
  call of duty : the tale of a dedicated public servant who risks everything to give the people a brighter future . 
  if you want to play multiplayer buy it now as there is a steam sale for eu4 . 
  you can buy the vanilla game and if you play with a host , you will play with his dlcs . 
  at this time and point for a new player buying all the dlcs ( just gameplay ) can be a substantial financial investment , even if bought at steam sales at 50 or 75 percent discount . 
  the sunken costs with this game are getting ridiculous . 
  what the hell are you on about ? 
  why unnecessarily destroy things that could be of good use ? 
  if there is a commie symbol on the commie block why not drop the symbol and use the block ? 
  the people living in this hypothetical commie block would prefer to live in it than be homeless . 
  lets be pragmatic . 
  also as bad as they were communism and fascism are part of the `` old european culture '' . 
  cant they just polish off the inscription ? 
  why potentially waste a good bell . 
  burning a religious book is a dick move , but i dont think it is something to be prosecuted for . 
  the same as burning a flag or an effigy . 
  its a dick move , but being an asshole is not a crime . 
  yes , and sputnik therefore called a fake news site and banned in this sub . 
  why does sputnik spreading bullshit make it ok for a ukrainian news site ( i use this phrase in the broadest sense ) to do the same ? 
  spreading `` fake '' news and than pointing to others saying : `` they do it too '' is not making you come across respectable . 
  an eye for an eye is not really a good guideline in life . 
  also the link is to euromaidanpress.com . 
  seems legit . 
   to remember that they were necessary at a time where the housing shortage was very important . 
  because now we are drowning in housing opportunities ? 
   afsluitdijk what , thats the name ? 
  i was thinking someone sat on the keyboard . 
  should have started the title with : [ good news !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j41dx1muhfk ), 
  this is kinda getting japanese schoolgirl anime level weird . 
  they come home from war with more people than they leave with . 
  third in line of succession is the speaker of the house , paul ryan , so it is not any better . 
  as it is in europe . 
  was that the attack when trump warned the russians he will bomb the base ? 
  hes been in office for two weeks , isnt that too soon to call someone leader of the free world ? 
  i think the usa bombs isis . 
  actually bombing isis is what unites all the parties in syria . 
  so bombing isis is a controversial statement now ? 
  so does russia . 
  they might have something to say when france drops bombs on assad . 
  the thing is , for the rest of the world trump is a nuisance . 
  but back home a substantial percentage people genuinely hate him . 
  it also does n't help that he made the media his principal enemy . 
  he bashed the main stream media in the election campaign , so why would they paint him in a good light . 
  [ say no more fam . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glu9wa4hje0 ), 
  ironucally , the chinese cyber market is more overall european common market friendly than the european counterparts . 
  how come a chinese company will sell and send me an item , while it is impossible for a german seller to send to another eu country . 
  i am a lowly student , i dont own any property or money or political influence . 
  so i can be racist ? 
  damn gypsies stole my copper . 
  man , we really hate the balkan so much , we changed our genes just to get away from it . 
  well , yes . 
  that is the expectation . 
  `` i am getting too old for this shit '' . 
  his last words . 
  because every recent member state has joined over time and after consideration by the organisation , similar like eu expansion . 
  now if we just add ukraine without any consideration like we did in the past it comes across arbitrary and like we doing this just because of current political circumstances . 
  to put it more crudely : `` we are expanding to actively fuck with others '' in contrast to : `` we are expanding so nobody fucks with us . '', 
  this is how i see it . 
  as said , the situation in ukraine is complicated . 
  what to call it ? 
  a civil war , a independence war , a proxy war , hybrid war ? 
  it is not a full scale war as we know it in history . 
  i see referendums in members states about whether to accept a country with an ongoing conflict . 
  nato is not the world police , its a defensive pact . 
  ad hoc joining of nato could be considered aggressive move and something not all , if any , member states would support . 
  as you said why are we getting involved in the middle east and its perpetual war , the same could be said about ukraine if the war was already going on before we got involved . 
  not to mention russia , who has nuclear bombs . 
  the international community is careful with handling iran and north korea who potential have nuclear bomb , not to mention one that has then for sure . 
  and nato is not obsolete . 
  or else new members state would not want to join . 
  just from an economical standpoint it is still useful . 
  membership in nato projects safety and stability and if a country is looking to attract fdis membership is an atractive option even if there is not `` clear '' enemy for nato . 
  i would not consider using nato in the ukraine . 
  nato is primarily a defensive pact . 
  as for the middle east , nato involvement in afghanistan was made possible because because the us invoked the fifth article after 9/11 . 
  the iraq war was not nato action , but a `` coalition of the willing '' . 
  thats why france and germany were against the iraq war . 
  the air bombings in syria and libya were done by nato countries but not under a nato mandate . 
  getting nato into ukraine could be considered an aggressive action as the ukraine is not a member , and the definition of the conflict in donbass is dubious ( is is a civil war , a hybrid war , ... ) . 
  apart of that dealing with russia , directly or indirectly , as a nuclear power is nothing to be taken easily . 
  nobody wants to escalate the situation in ukraine into direct war between nuclear powers . 
  apart from that , as posted some day ago here , a lot of the western european population would prefer not to act even if a eastern european member state was attacked , why would they bother sending armies in potential direct conflict with russia ( at worst , or a into a civil war at best ) over a non member state . 
  also this kind of `` we should send troops to help '' is precisely what caused the middle east to become a perpetual war . 
  and then after the deployment and continuous conflict you hear the same people say `` you keep meddling in their affair , thats why there is war . '', 
  sure . 
  we all know it was aliens . 
  go big or go home , brah . 
  i dont think its just keeping calm . 
  as i speak people on reddit as a whole are more concerned that roger moore ( who truth be told lived a long and fulfilling life ) has died than 22 young people violently on a concert . 
  and this is kinda fucked up . 
   banning immigrants wo n't do shit [ well if you dont let them in there will be no 2nd or 3rd generation to get radicalised .
