  or the inuits there might develop a russian accent and homesickness about the motherland . 
  a hot ruso-turco-merican threesome ? 
  lets take a look at the two leaders of russia and usa : on the hand one we have a former kgb agent with decades of political experience and on the other side a former reality star who gets angry when people talk badly about him on twitter . 
  who will wear the pants in the relationship ? 
   we got independant nukes , nuclear carrier , modern jets , mbt , the whole shebang but i hear the dutch have drank and dr\u00fcgs . 
  this is the first time i fear an american president might send a drone missile against someone making fun of him on twitter . 
  spoiler alert trump was dead the whole time . 
  i met way too many people in real life who think that the eu is undemocratic and borderline evil , but at the same time the same people speak highly about putin or tito . 
  i was expecting it to be bigger . 
  true that there are not many cee mods , but at the same time the last thing i want is some kind of quota for different countries and then a less capable person get the appointment . 
  my parents consider buying a kiwi plant . 
  do you have any insider tips on how effectively grow kiwi fruits ? 
  you get the most bang for your buck . 
  is this public r&d spending or public and private spending ? 
  a yugoslavian that happens to love seselj and milosevic , and dislikes croatians . 
  so very yugoslavian / s. 
  also how can you dislike the eu for not being democratic enough and at the same time be a russia fanboy ? 
   can you even read ? 
  the spelling suggests he can not . 
  didnt you a week ago bitch about how slovenian independence was not legal ? 
  and now the big emancipator of people . 
  i was pretty sure they will choose prekmurska gibanica , so i am pleasantly surprised . 
  could you repeat that in english ? 
  i dont know , but it does seem like a crappier version of `` how it 's made '' . 
  4/20 blaze it . 
  so it was not supposed to be vandalised ? 
  wait , i am bit confused here . 
  so they intentionally put up a statue of franco to be vandalised ? 
  or was it a symbol against the dictatorship and people vandalised it ? 
  what you said about pudding , m8 ? 
  isnt the eu already sanctioning russia because of crimea ? 
  the way the affects of fracking are portrayed in the media ( flaming water ) , i dont think russian help is needed . 
  anti-fracking groups ? 
  what ? 
  man , germans really just care for football , money and the eu . 
  and this is how the costume wars began . 
  this seem like a `` no shit , sherlock '' type of poll . 
  whats with the airbus posts today ? 
  there are like 3 posts with airbus in the title . 
   impossible for other new companies to survive and develop . 
  aerospace isnt really a start up industry . 
  it needs huge starting investment and all in all isnt really a free market but oligopoly . 
  the schengen agreement is still in place and valid . 
  those are temporary measures allowed by the agreement . 
  return to schengen ? 
  has it ever left ? 
  and yet it moves . 
  man , stiglitz really doesnt like the euro . 
  seems dodgy . 
  they are basically imposing a private import tariff on the customers . 
  yep . 
  seems about right . 
  yep . 
  seems about right . 
  yep . 
  seems about right . 
  the insulation is made out of actual dollar bills . 
  how about we all wait for the judgement of the court ? 
  thats what its for , to reduce the dickmeasuring of two parties . 
  because we have our side you have yours , both insist theirs ist the right one , lets see what an unbiased third says . 
  what ? 
  true that , but you the truth is also you are kinda an asshole . 
  and i really , and i mean reeeeeally , dont want to talk to you anymore . 
  its not like there will be a breakthrough . 
  also , i have a feeling you are the kind of person who needs to have the last word , so i am doing you that favour . 
  cause i just dont have the will to argue on the internet like some kind of stereotypical neck-beard . 
  you seem to know a thing or two about fucking yourself . 
  yeah , fuck the poles for using the freedom of movement and not having enough babies to put on this earth . 
  the way you seem to treat the poles in the uk , maybe they wont be staying there for long . 
  also , i hear japan and south korea are experiencing population decline , maybe suggest your population exchange scheme to them . 
  speading veganism in serbia ? 
  good luck with that . 
  whats next atheism in vatican ? 
  automation will pretty much mess with the entire job market not just low skill ones . 
  yeah , people that that fit in too much are the worst kind of immigrant . 
  you just know the lady in the clip is trying too hard because she is a secret polish sleeper agent . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
   so most of the working population is a drain on public finances what ? 
  who pays the taxes for the national budget ? 
  poland stronk . 
  thats how . 
  [ you mean these germans ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dptjwcgrjrs ), 
  just change the locks on the british mep office doors and delete their lunch privileges . 
  brexit by end of the week . 
  problem solved . 
  you are welcome eu . 
  sounds like a seinfeld episode plot . 
  wow , slow down there , adolf . 
  luxembourg is just protecting the basic rights the corporation have to move from the hostile economies like france and germany who are building tax barriers . 
  and find a save haven in countries that do n't discriminate on the basis of profit . 
  \\ #corporationswelcome \\ #noceoisillegal \\ #savemonsanto, 
   fossil fuel cars are a dead end . 
  you heard it guys , tractors are the future . 
  yeah , fuck handouts to eastern europeans , hurray for handout for welfare shoppers !, 
  they took our ~ ~ jobs ~ ~ monies !, 
  just dont send any leftover archdukes to sarajevo . 
  well , lack of parking space is a sign of wealth . 
  london = no parking space = rich , pyongyang = lots of parking space = poor ( also no cars ) ( or food ) ( or civic liberties ) . 
  wow , this title is really something .
