  so whats your problem ? 
  if they dont want to be in the eu they should leave . 
  why force them in a relationship they find oppressing and unfair . 
  we are not the united states of europe and britain is not a rebellious province . 
  it would be a big hit for the eu for sure . 
  but for me it seems better that the uk leaves so the other countries who are interested in developing the eu further can do so without the constant need to appease the british . 
  its hard enough to coordinate 27 countries who are `` pro '' - eu . 
  let alone 28 countries where one is basically there against their will . 
  in janez we t ( h ) rust, 
  mr. ~ ~ gorbatchov ~ ~ cerar , ~ ~ tear down ~ ~ build up this wall !, 
  yeah , its like the lamest zombie movie ever . 
  the left hates the jews ? 
  so austria and germany are closing themselves out and the yugos can go fuck themselves ? 
  so a bunch of muslim stranded in croatia and serbia , this can only end well . 
   being drunk at noon   being one of the most narrow-minded conservatives :(, 
  you should rather not state that galicia in spain is slavic or russia might come in and liberate it . 
  is it just me or are the proposed actions somewhat lacking . 
  the main part of the agenda is to expand the reception centres along the balkan route . 
  this is no solution at all . 
  its only treating the symptoms and not the cause . 
  this is like if a person is bleeding and you just keep giving him blood transfusions , but at the same time refuse to close the wound . 
  and then there is the poseidon mission . 
  what does strengthen mean ? 
  more ships so more refugees can be transported to greece ? 
  or more authority of the mission as in sending refugees back and prosecuting smugglers ? 
  also not moving the refugees to neighbours border . 
  unless the countries put the refugees in detention they will just move north by themselves . 
  i have said it before , the eu will convene a meeting where they will propose `` solutions '' and will pat themselves on the backs but things will stay the same . 
  this guy should do stand-up . 
  could their planes after they drop off the deported ( and will be empty ) stop in slovenia and take some of the waiting migrants with them ? 
  i can say that slovenia and austria would appreciate that very much . 
  the croatian government does what they do best , take care of the croatian government . 
  we all knew that something like this would happen . 
  same thing as last time . 
  croatia said it was prepared , etc next day trains full od refugees arrive in hungary . 
  why should they respect slovenia if they dont respect hungary or any other neighbour . 
  nobody really cares for slovenia , not the croatians , but also the austrians . 
  it is up to us at the moment . 
  we can either copy serbia and croatia and dump the refugees on austria , or we can do as we said and process them . 
  but with regards to the numbers comming from all sides i dont see the possibility we can keep up for a longer time period . 
  but the croatian and serbian leadership is so blas\u00e9 about it . 
  like when milanovi\u0107 says something like : `` the slovenes are under stress , but they will eventually get it . '', 
  and vu\u0107i\u0107 saying serbia is acting `` european '' . 
  there are like no fucks given . 
  this is getting confusing . 
  was reading the slovene and austrian news today . 
  slovenes say that there was a push by the refugees on a border post and pepper spray had to be used . 
  after that i saw a report that there was no push at all . 
  now i read that 2000 crossed the border , at the same time austrians say it was 4000 . 
  slovenes say the austrians are restricting entrance . 
  austrians say there is no restrictions . 
  then again , some austrian news sources say slovenia is overwhelmed , but at the same time on the austrian side things are calm . 
  all i know is that more people are coming to slovenia than they are leaving . 
  slovenia and croatia share a nuclear power plant production , but it seem that the power output is attributed to croatia . 
  croatia being classy as always . 
  to discuss ... 
  the crisis is going for months now . 
  if not years , but the media cover it the last couple months or so . 
  and the leaders are still discussing it . 
  i dont have much hope there will be a solution any time soon . 
  especially with the eus tendency to kick the bucket down the road . 
  well , they want stability . 
  they just dont know or dont care enough to achieve it . 
  aj ken not si vat is so fani vit dis ? 
  well on the wikipedia it says the opposite . 
  that the rebels dont have the manpower to hold territory and are therefore using hit and run attacks against the enemies . 
  so now slavs are poor and stupid ? 
  just kidding . 
  no but seriously what are you trying to say . 
  thats like saying why dont have the chinese more nobel prize winners . 
  jesus , they had the minimum wage for not even a year . 
  anyway , bad news for the german blue collar workers . 
  hey man whatever keeps your dick hard . 
  i dont judge . 
  it is a show targeted at american audiences . 
  the americans dont care about syria or refugees . 
  and also their media have been very fond of the refugees . 
  most the preachiest and manipulative news about the refugees came from the us . 
  they dont want to tell a wholesome story . 
  they want to tell a one-sided story , the one that has a clear bad guy and a good guy . 
  and as long no one is going to call them out on this they will continue . 
  the format is set up in such a way that the americans watching can feel morally superior ( as in `` those racist european refusing asylum , we would never do such thing '' ) have a laugh and the next second forget about the situation . 
  for them the crisis is thousands of miles away . 
  it could be on a different planet . 
  they cant be bothered with anything else than a comment on the racist europeans or a like for refugees on facebook . 
  to be honest europe had the same attitude until ten of thousands of people came knocking on the doors . 
  that be said i am still a fan of oliver , but from now on i am going to take his show with a grain of salt . 
  so why is the population declining so sharply ? 
  emigration or just more deaths than births ? 
  bullshit , they live in the centre of the earth and ride dinosaurs . 
  nobody said the obvious thing : jcb diggers . 
  cant imagine a construction site without one . 
  in this color swedens and finlands shape look like a dick and balls . 
  can not unsee . 
  clearly , reddit is the trend barometer . 
  thats why we all have two dicks and we all collect our cum in a box . 
   you mean like how european politicians have manipulated obama for the past 8 years ? 
  and we would have gotten away with it too , if it were n't for you meddling ~ ~ kids ~ ~ trump . 
  anyway , good luck with your new buddy putin . 
  just dont remind him that alaska was once russian .
