  no , it wasnt . 
  but life isnt fair , not to sanders not to you , not to me . 
  was it a legal and legitimate race ? 
  yes , it was . 
  until the majority of people in america decide that the way things are run is wrong there will be no change . 
  until this critical mass is reached we from the outside can say whatever we want but it will be of no use . 
  not popular enough it seems . 
  on the top of my head the only popular left wing-ish policy is medicaid . 
   they 've never been giving the option to vote for the left-wing . 
  you can offer them a moderate european left wing , but i am pretty sure the average joe will consider it socialist or communist . 
  but then again what do i know , i was sure hillary would win . 
  of course warren and sanders can bring a more left-ish policy to the us . 
  the question is not if america needs a left turn , but rather will the american electorate embrace a somewhat more left choice . 
  given that the whole american political landscape is more right than the european one . 
  it seems that offering a more left option is like offering a hamburger to a vegetarian . 
  liberalism in europe is not the same as liberalism in the us . 
  the american liberalism is based on social liberalism with its emphasis on equality , while the european liberalism is more of the classical variety with the emphasis in liberty . 
  yes , a lot of comments are not typical r/europe-esque . 
  i dont remember a post where there were so suggestions of using violence . 
  it seems fair to say this thread went viral on the whole of reddit and many people need to went their emotion after the incidents yesterday in charlotesville . 
  jesus , holy shit , are people reading this . 
  but then let the police handle it and not punch people and call it self defence ? 
  or make a citizens arrest . 
  if you punch a nazi do you get a 2 year sentence and a 2 years sentence reduction ? 
   police say the american , who is under investigation for violating germany 's laws against the display of nazi symbols or slogans , had an extremely high blood alcohol level . 
  the alcohol might have made him think giving nazi salutes in germany is a good course of action . 
  its an opinion piece . 
  i dont know why opinion pieces are a relevant source . 
  especially in this subreddit . 
  one week you get a article `` eu is on the brink of collapse '' , the next week `` eu is the next superpower '' . 
  same with brexit . 
  at the end i am more confused and not informed after reading such articles . 
  this sucks . 
  to be actually physically disconnected from balkan ... 
  the dream . 
  sprinkle some crack on to the turtle . 
  case closed . 
  dude talks about being a `` civilised person '' . 
  not sure if he is the right guy to give advice about that . 
  what an asshole . 
  croatian language in croatia only on third place ? 
  that 's commitment to tourism . 
  well , it would be ironic for him to be now arrested for writing hate speech in a public space . 
   macron and merkel on top ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  is pegida incompatible with the constitution ? 
  if yes , i dont see a problem from the german state outright banning them . 
  if this is not the case then they have the same rights of free speech , to associate and other right put down in the constitution . 
  what i perceive as a problem is the hypocrisy . 
  banning some people from an establishment is met with support , other people with condemnation . 
  either there is a `` no guest can be send away '' policy or a `` the owner/manager can refuse service to anybody '' policy . 
  called it 2 says ago :  i just find it fascinating how the proposal of not servicing the pegida people is considered as a sound business strategy in this case . 
  at the same time if the `` unwanted group '' would be , lets say a minority , i could imagine a massive outcry on social media and accusation of racism , xenophobia , etc. 
  dont cry too much or your adidas track suit will shrink and how are you supposed to squat then ? 
  i just find it fascinating how the proposal of not servicing the pegida people is considered as a sound business strategy in this case . 
  at the same time if the `` unwanted group '' would be , lets say a minority , i could imagine a massive outcry on social media and accusation of racism , xenophobia , etc. 
  why do you think the dutch try draining the ocean ? 
  out of economic advantages ? 
  wrong !, 
  because of boredom . 
   do n't have any group in there with which nobody wants to share the room with . 
  so if i put a sign with `` no gypsies '' in my bar is that cool now ? 
  yay , progrees !!, 
  i would take this article with a grain of salt . 
  in the same article :  the videos do n't provide incontrovertible proof of the trade , of which moscow has categorically denied involvement . 
  also :  weapons experts from the small arms survey studied the videos and said there was little in them to directly tie the guns to the russian state . 
  the weapons were not particularly modern or rare , and even some of the more elaborate additions , like a jgbg m7 scope on one machine gun , were chinese made and readily available online , they said . 
  hell , even the title alone seems to be very ambiguous . 
  what else are they gon na do ? 
  they are wearing jackets , clearly its too cold to swim and they cant enjoy their summer vacations at the sea . 
  dude . 
  people smuggling is : `` the facilitation , transportation , attempted transportation or illegal entry of a person or persons across an international border , in violation of one or more countries ' laws , either clandestinely or through deception , such as the use of fraudulent documents '', 
  it says in the article that the main source for lower deficit is high growth and higher taxs income . 
   it 's not illegal to ferry people to the eu for money this is basically people smuggling . 
  and people smuggling is very illegal . 
   the point is that immigrants almost all fall under it looking at the graph this doesnt seem so . 
  or as we call it : the working age population . 
  no , but you sure do make trump like speeches about the polish . 
  have you considered building a wall and make poland pay for it ? 
  berlin seem like a good location for such a wall . 
   when the conflict comes to them they are too scared is this a set up for a ww2 joke ? 
  elon musk started a car company . 
  so yes , you can just start a car company . 
  the car richard hammond got in crash was croatian by the way . 
  but i know its easier to complain `` foreigners are selling us shit and we are only producing for them '' . 
  what has the inability of the polish to run a car company to do with labour markets and wages ? 
  you are free to start a car company and sell the cars for a profit arent you ? 
  you are mixing market and labour markets . 
  as far i see the post is about wages equality and not poverty . 
  also someone having a lower wage in ee doestn mean they live in poverty . 
  for example the average wage in slovenia is 1k euros , this is not even the minimum wage in austria . 
  and people in slovenia live a decent life with 1k euros , whereas they would be ` starving ' in austria . 
  but i will play along . 
  we could set up the same wages in eastern europe as in western europe . 
  the thing , after a couple of months there would be no more companies left to pay those wages . 
  after all why would anybody buy romanian or slovene products when you can get `` made in germany '' for the same price now . 
  its not like i dont want german level pay , but an overnight increase would only cause that very few would enjoy equal wages as in the west . 
  the rest would be unemployed and probably living in greater poverty then they do now . 
  also the prices would also rise to west europe levels , so theres another kick for the masses of unemployed . 
  equalising wages would be a stupid idea . 
  we would get a east/west germany situation .
