  by that i mean a collapse of the eastern german economy not being able to compete with the more productive western german economy . 
  eastern europe is competitive mainly because of the lower wages . 
  you know that spanish isnt some secret language , right ? 
  i bet you would fit in nicely in the balkans . 
  upcoming : `` banned redditors of europe '' ? 
  well , his country was going to be annexed so probably he would say the same . 
  lol . 
  sanctions ? 
  not only wont we sanction them , european governments will sell them weapons . 
  whats with romania and these huge palaces and now churches ? 
  yo mama is so fat ... 
  as long you are not an enemy of the state many countries are nice to live in . 
  and i did hear that yugonostalgia is quite prevalent in some `` brother nations '' . 
  got ta remember the good old days . 
  isnt living in a foreign country and possibly never returning to the origin country , but still having the right to influence politics in the origin country kinda counter productive ? 
  it takes away the burden of consequences of supporting bad politics , while the people back home have to live with them ? 
  like an example : `` fuck it i will vote for less political freedom or bad economic policies , not that i will be prosecuted or live in poverty here in austria . '', 
  russian culture was destroyed ? 
  polish culture was destroyed ? 
  the soviet union was bad , but yugoslavia was awesome and totally not communists ? 
  those are my objections . 
  are there so many turks in austria and the rest of western europe that rallies in other countries are an effective political tool ? 
  the first couple of posts in the trend are fine , then it gets annoying . 
  i was trying to make a toilet pun , but you have a point . 
  [ sure . 
  ] ( https://giphy.com/gifs/jennifer-lawrence-thumbs-up-ok-fml0fgaxvx1em ), 
  this subreddit is going down the toilet . 
  didnt the croatian media get all wet when the croatian prime minister said the european commission has no say in border negotiation . 
  why should anyone in croatia care that this bridge has the commisions suppport . 
  maybe follow croatian foreign policy mantra and solve this border dispute bilaterally . 
  the people of hamburg cleaning the city ca n't separate politics and pure vandalism ? 
  or whom are you referring to ? 
  well to be honest , destroying someones wv golf for the fun of it isnt going to make you look like the good guy . 
  well , austria accepted a shitload of migrants during 2015 and now is monitoring its borders . 
  the high ground that they have doesnt help them when being confronted with the commissions demands to accept more people from greece and italy . 
  as said the migrant keep coming . 
  this distribution scheme we have is futile if we dont stop the flow if new people . 
  we have a leak on a ship and the solution is for everybody to drink the water that is rushing in ? 
  or do you stop the leak first and then handle the water that is in the ship ? 
  so you are saying hamburg was asking for it ? 
  those volkswagens had it coming . 
  yeah , i was worried cnn got me . 
  thing is they dont `` protest '' countries , they are protesting capitalism and the world order . 
  this is why banks and starbucks are a popular target . 
  there are protests against all these countries , but they rarely grow to the proportions we see at a g-something meeting . 
  i put protest in quotation marks because i do not support the violence and destruction of property . 
  as is tradition with g-unit meetings . 
  well , good thing handshakegate was covered or this might put trump in a good perspective . 
  trump visited ( bilaterally ) belgium , italy , israel , plo , saudi arabia . 
  but now he visited poland and we should be outraged or/and mock this visit ? 
  just give me a good bulletproof reason why i should be concerned that trump is in poland . 
  in a comprehensive form and not in a `` because germany likes russia better '' or `` because nato duh '' type of sentences . 
  i am not trying to be an trump apologist , but damn , trump and similar post topics have become so formulaic lately . 
  so trump will reaffirm nato which is good after his vagueness , so why is the visit to poland met with criticism from the eu or even open mocking from many commentators here ? 
  please , humor me . 
  nowhere in this tread until now was nato mentioned . 
  ok , so why is trump visiting poland , a country that accordingly to trump `` pays '' its due to nato ( 2 % bdp ) , so controversial and visiting germany is not ? 
  or why is there a need to mention russia or nato in the context of the trump-poland visit ? 
  and now you come with nato . 
  ok , what has nato to do with `` poland has not much of an affection towards russia as germany does ? '', 
  and what has russia to do with that ? 
  well , to be honest the local elites also sold poland to prussia and austria . 
  to be historically precise . 
  trump goes to germany and nobody gives a shit . 
  he goes to poland and everybody loses their mind ? 
  its strange how people straight up refuse to believe that somehow people would prefere to vote for trump over hillary and that `` russian hackers '' managed to brainwash 60 milion american voters or that those 60 milion people are all neonazis . 
  lets face it , trump promised what people want to hear ( he is being accused of being a populist , remeber ? ), 
  and with hillary you could see that her whole public engagements were performed ( remembet the face she made when the ballons were dropped ) . 
  also she is the figurehead of being a political insider and in the us the people just love the current status quo , right guys ? 
  but clearly she didnt fail because if this , but because the the alt right made pepe memes , her only weakness . 
   nothing is over yet and with the upcoming meeting between president kitarovi\u0107 and president donald trump , i have no doubts that we will soon see progress . 
  yes , the most isolationist president of the us in decades will get involved in a minor border clash between two countries of no importance and go against the will of an international court , the international community and not the least the pope . 
  his motto is america first , but for croatia and her charming president he will surely make an exception . 
  if you are so naive to think trump will come on running to aid one or the other country , i have some magic beans to sell to you . 
  well it has been solved . 
  now croatia has isolated herself in the international community by abruptly and totally abandoning the whole arbitration process . 
  as said most of europe is in favour of arbitration and slovenia sure as hell wont go back to some kind of bilateral negotiation on the border issue . 
  now , unless you have some way force your agenda on slovenia you are out of luck . 
  and no matter how many `` slovenia stole our land '' statements you make ( ironically , slovenia lost land in the arbitration proces and slovene citizens houses are now located in croatia ) you better get used to the thought that this is a done deal . 
  try telling that to chinese tourists . 
  welcome to balkan . 
  probably , because 50 million tourist visit italy each year and most of them buy bottled water . 
  this could distort the statistics slightly . 
  i am just felling schadenfreude that neighbours bickering isnt geographically limited to the balkan peninsula . 
  well , those roads are not technically `` free '' . 
  i presume you have to play a road tax with the registration of a car or how are they maintained ? 
  what ? 
  and the arbitration court is not proper because ? 
  as said in the worst case all the judges could ( emphasis on could ) be replaced , but croatia went immediately nuclear and just left the whole process that was set up with much crying and grinding of teeth . 
  it was like the croatian leadership was actively searching for the first convenience disown its commitment . 
  and then unilaterally leaving the primary arbitration agreement ? 
  talk about throwing the baby out with the bathwater . 
  and what now ? 
  either croatia will be forced by the international community to accept the judgement which will cause resentment to the rather substantial nationalistic camp . 
  or we ignore the judgement and are still without resolved border , which will cause resentment in both countries . 
  do n't be melodramatic . 
  even if the court would be `` corrupted '' ( nice way of making slovenia look like the one ring from lord of the rings ) the arbitration agreement is in no way corrupted . 
  in the worst case scenario there would be a new arbitration court appointed . 
  but in two days croatia pulled out of the court and , the legally still binding , arbitration agreement . 
  edit : spelling .
