  we made a full circle . 
  thats one nice looking bread section . 
  for a lidl . 
  or it shows the entrepreneurs that people arent buying anything and demand is low . 
  why should they invest in something if there will not be a return on the investment . 
  also interest rate is controlled mainly by the central bank and its money supply management . 
  also customers and companies see that holding money is actually gaining them more money or better said more worth ( they can buy more ) . 
  so they rather hoard money than to invest it in the economy . 
  and in an economy money must flow . 
  spending money has a multiplying effect . 
  the problem is that everybody has their own interpretation of the rules . 
  its all very subjective . 
  if a mod has had a bad day he/she will `` bring the hammer down '' harder than lets say another mod at the same time . 
  i dont want to trashtalk the mods or your commitment to the community , but there have been violations of trust of the userbase in the past and trust is something that takes longer to create than to ruin . 
  maybe a french person could offer a short explanation of the whole labour dispute ? 
  isnt that like shitting in a corner and complaining that the room stinks . 
   k&k kaiserlich und k\u00f6niglich monarchie basically austro-hungarian empire, 
  yeah , but the chart states the population numbers from around 1330 , which is before charles iv appointed prague as the imperial capital and expanded it . 
  i for one , buy my yachts only fair trade . 
  and how the french flag ran away . 
  this ship is a joke . 
  it doesnt even have holes in the hull for the oars . 
  i think you mean , stra\u00dfburg , elsa\u00df , ~ ~ germany ~ ~ deutschland !, 
  [ cheer up guys . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbr2g-ii3-i ), 
  i would like to nominate this song as the german entry for the first annual brexit song contest : [ alles hat ein ende nur die wurst hat zwei ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=582frjadmok ) / everything has an end , only the sausage has two . 
  fair enough . 
  there is literally the same post some places up , but without the political preaching in the title . 
  but they dont have machetes . 
  [ i am not sure how to feel . 
  pranks in the hood [ gone wrong ] [ gone sexual ? ], 
  what one guy thinks doesnt make it a policy of a whole country . 
   when the postwar reconstruction started yeah , but portugal was neutral during ww2 so no need for `` postwar reconstruction '' . 
   populist nationalism \u2260 populism populism is populism . 
  it says so right in the title : ** progressive alliance comes to berlin to fight populism . 
  ** and the next sentence : ** germany 's spd is convening major center-left figures from around the world to discuss how to combat the rise of populist nationalism ** clearly : populist nationalism = populism . 
  i dont see why populism in any form is such a no-no word . 
  populism is omnipresent in politics , it always has been ( for gods sake , the romans had `` populares '' ) . 
  after all try winning elections with policies no one likes . 
  to hell with the children , think of the siberian flying squirrel !, 
   blamed by whom ? 
  for one , by you ? 
  even more wtf : irelands +26 % growth in 2015 . 
  they come at night and butt rape you ... or are that vampires . 
  the thing is i dont really see eye to eye with this movement . 
  it may not seem so , but it has a very pessimistic perspective . 
  it is borderline implying the eu will collapse , europe will be ruled by anti-europeans and even that peace in europe is at risk . 
  it is implying that todays majority electorate in some countries is so dumb it will vote for all this , but a march will rectify this . 
  also , i dont think it is my place to march for elections in other countries . 
  all the mentioned countries are democracies and it is their decision who they vote for , not mine . 
   but on the website you can see if there 's one in your city too !, 
  nope . 
  there is no march , not even in the distant neighbourhood . 
  all in all it seem the movement at this point should be called the `` pulse of germany '' . 
  my case : we have the euro , not really a weak currency . 
  most of the products in question are produced in hungary and poland , where labour costs are even lower then here . 
  the products use inferior ingredients as substitute : artificial sweeteners . 
  or use less ingredients : less active enzymes in washing powder , etc. 
  so the companies save here too . 
  at the end how can i pay the same or nearly the same for a worse product as someone with a better product ? 
  they are selling me a dacia sandero with a mercedes benz badge on it . 
  example nutella : [ the austrian ] ( https://shop.billa.at/produkte/ferrero-nutella/00-402660 ) is actually cheaper than [ ours . ], 
  corporations try to sell spoiled baby formula to africans and try to limit the access to water . 
  is it really so hard to believe that they use artificial sweetener instead of sugar and skim on meat to make a little more money from eastern europe ? 
  this is what they do and for a long time we let them , because the products were cheaper . 
  but now the prices in ee and we are getting more similar , why should we still have to get sub par product for the same price . 
  the sad thing is that some of our fellow europeans act like its a normal thing to do . 
  lets all sing the ode to joy and lets march for the eu , but god forbid the easterners getting the same quality of washing powder . 
  good job . 
  i 'll take it from here . 
  # fake news !!!!!!, 
  businesses dont hate us , they love profit . 
  they cut corners because they could in the past and nobody called them out . 
  the same reason why you guys had horse meat in lasagnas . 
  not because businesses hate you , but because they wanted to make a quick profit with little regard to what the customer would think . 
  now we dont want less meat or more artificial sweetener instead of sugar and as buyers we have the right to complain and try to change that . 
  how about we offer the british the german/austrian product and vice versa and let the consumers decide which is the `` superior '' variety ? 
  and not give a country/region arbitrary decided ingredients and tell then `` this is what you want '' . 
  edit : at the end of the day what ever the differences are between the german and british products , we all know that eastern europe doesnt get the `` good stuff '' . 
  we get less of an ingredient , or cheaper substitutes . 
  they cut costs with us and this is what people are concerned with . 
  not being second grade customers and human dumpsters for corporations . 
  and some reactions makes me feel not only like a second grade customer , but also a second grade european , whose concerns should be disregarded . 
  i think it was pretty clear what i said . 
  if a brand has such and such ingredients in the west , it should have the same ingredients in the east . 
  same brand = same ingredients . 
  plain and simple . 
  why this is a problem : i pay the same for product as someone from western europe , but i get worse quality and lesser ingredients . 
  `` let them eat cake '' ? 
  could you repeat that ? 
   sometimes different markets actually prefer a different taste of a product . 
  how would the eu distinguish equal quality products with different taste from products that actually are of inferior quality ? 
  yeah dude , stop complaining you love the taste of old horse meat . 
  yeah , we eastern europeans love less meat and more artificial sweetener and preservatives in our food . 
  edit : corrected an autocorrect, 
  is this a state run refugee camp or is it a `` refugee camp '' like jungle in calais ? 
  the guy that posted the `` how to annoy europeans with one sentence '' post will have to revise the croatian one . 
  holy shit , the divide between spain and the uk . 
   your statement conveys like everything is fine with your countries state controlled media . 
  what is wrong with my countries state run media ?
