  so this is bad or good for the for the average european consumer.will i have to pay more for my daily a380 consumption ? 
  something like this : * 50 percent of germans support accepting more refugees . 
  do you belong to them ? 
  * or * are you one of them ? 
  * in surveys you dont present such a statistical statement and then ask a question . 
  if you look at any reputable surveys like european social survey the questions there are very neutral not to influence the person . 
  as long this is just a `` entertaining '' survey that you find online i see no problem . 
  but if they are used as hard facts then this is just bullshit no matter what the results are . 
  jesus , the formulation of the question is very manipulative . 
  i know it just a online survey , but damn . 
  i had statistics in university and had to do mock surveys . 
  if i formed a question in such a way i would not have passed the course . 
  40.000 is like a weekends load of refugees . 
  sure , turkey will be in favor of a kurdish state . 
  will see how the serbian reaction will be when croatia builds a wall . 
  denmark went japanese ? 
  how about we wait for the children to go through puberty and then deal with the gender question ? 
  [ but what does ja rule think ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mo-ddyhxazc&amp;ab_channel=gazala ), 
  can i has cenzorship ? 
  it seem like an empty gesture . 
  what will be the goal ? 
  shaming erdogan into dropping the charge ? 
  he is petty enough to sue a comedian in a court in a foreign country . 
  will an action that is basically brigading on the internet change the mind of erdogan . 
  dont think so . 
  will it change merkels decision to allow the legal procedure ? 
  as crappy as the situation may be it is based in german law . 
  sure it is , for current peoples point of view an outdated law , but still . 
  but we have democratic political procedures to change laws . 
  will the action have a influence on excepting b\u00f6hmermann from the law ? 
  in that case we are supporting violating laws . 
  as said , as crappy as the circumstances are it is following legal procedures . 
  would we be responding different if the accuser was a more beloved person and not a possible authoritative head of state ? 
  probably . 
  this whole request post leaves a bad taste in my mouth . 
  my gut feeling tells me , it seem like it a request to protect freedom of speech and tomorrow people will be cry out to stricter censorship . 
  possibly the very same people . 
  1500 , thats a lot of crime by itself , now add the sexual molestation and the whole situation becomes more concerning . 
  i am curious , what were the overall crime numbers in the previous nyes celebrations in cologne ? 
  new trend in romantic comedy films ? 
  upcoming movies : you 've got mail-bomb . 
  when harry kidnapped sally . 
  is the `` misleading '' flair really necessary ? 
  when i was child we would go around the village and whoop all the adults . 
  and people would pay us for that . 
  but that would happen at the end of december so i dont know if its directly connected . 
  you are aware that this article will be condemned as racist , xenophobic , etc. 
  for me it is not either but as the `` standard practice '' goes the media will be in full ignore the problem mode and rationalizing as `` it happend because we meddle in then middle east '', 
   they are portrayed as thieves , rapists and taking the jobs of honest european workers . 
  muslims have the same stereotypes as gypsies and eastern europeans . 
  interesting . 
  the most media reports i have seen makes them seem like 99 % are children . 
  china and india power houses ? 
  maybe in 50 years . 
  the power of cheap labour ? 
  maybe . 
  and russia is financially broke . 
  nigeria cant even pacify its own territory , how will it play a international powerhouse . 
   border conflicts , well russia 's western front , as well as its southern front & chechnya . 
  china & japan . 
  china & india . 
  india & pakistan . 
  north korea . 
  so asian border friction will cause the fascist uprising in europe ? 
  who is the scapegoated population ? 
  what are the border tensions ? 
  who is the new power ? 
  gentrification of czech republic ? 
   we can force people to accept their assigned location . 
  should we lock them up to force them to stay in poland , slovenia or romania ? 
  the un and ngos will be delighted . 
   living on the streets in germany is significantly worse than living in any other european country . 
  maybe someone should tell that to the migrants . 
  because in the interview i have seen its like every other eu country is like syria or worse . 
  so why should the other eu countries be eager to accommodate people who dont want to go to said countries . 
  the humanitarian crisis on the greek-macedonian border is not because of the greek ineptitude to help its because the people there refuse to be helped . 
  because staying at the border in squalor and hoping for merkel to open the borders is better than go to a greek camps . 
   is it true that merkel 's end game is to be the next secretary general of the un ? 
  in that case , the refugee crisis will be left for who ever takes over after she 's gone . 
  she is not an official candidate . 
  also informal un rules suggest that the next sg will come from eastern europe . 
  also merkel would be a fool to abandon the leadership of a g7 government to candidate for sg while still in the middle of a mandate . 
  also i presume some security council member states would prefer a more discreet candidate . 
  [ well ... yes ? ... no ? ... 
  well , a couple of months merkel warned of a conflict in the balkan , but now the balkan countries work the closest since the fall of yugoslavia and get condemned . 
  well i have been staring at the picture for 10 minutes so it could n't escape my faze . 
  is that a bike locked to the boats railing ? 
  but who will make the plumbing ? 
  and he drinks earl grey all the time . 
  what do the french say about that . 
  [ now i have the song stuck in my head ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bvsnaxnwfc&amp;ab_channel=thespiritualrealm] ), 
  man the coalition of the willing fell apart fast . 
   even the straight black americano ? 
  i think the political correct term is heterosexual african-americano . 
  this small group of politicians is called a government and they are still elected by the people . 
  and one of the responsibilities of said government is drawing up the budget and its spending . 
  i dont see why the rest of europe should complain what the germans spend their surplus on . 
  yes , ice cream is very tasty . 
  you should try it some time .
