  luckily some pizza places send dozen of pizzas to feed the police and border guards . 
  we are so careful to feed the refugees , we forget to feed our police . 
  edit have corrected some facts regarding the number of asylum requests . 
  no reputation is still better than bad reputation . 
  slovenia can and probably would accept them back . 
  but who would want to stay in a `` hell-hole '' like slovenia . 
  thing is the migrants have their sights on germany . 
  they will try to rush against the austrian border first chance they get . 
  i dont think slovenia will try to violently stop them and risk bad publicity . 
  why does it say misleading by the title ? 
  its pretty much spot on . 
  so if you dont use those helmets at the time maybe you could send them to slovenia . 
  i get the felling that the media do n't care that much about slovenia . 
  also slovenia has a good reputation , so it might be harder to paint slovenia as a bunch of racist fascists . 
  now that crossing hungary is once again a possibility journalist focus on that . 
  there were slovenian and croatian open borders activist present who started the push against the police and the refugees joined in . 
  the policed tried to pepper spray the activist , but some migrants got some of the spray . 
  but the media say that they want . 
  what kind of container can pepper spray 500 people ? 
  we didnt spray them with a fire hose . 
  everybody needs someone to look down on . 
  its easy being morally superior if countries like hungary and slovenia are the ones doing the dirty work . 
  at the same time we have to `` stop '' the refugees from entering the schengen , but at the same time we are called barbarians and racists by the media ( also american media ) . 
  we would love to just let them pass to germany and spare ourself a lot of bad publicity and costs , but that also not ok . 
  not really . 
  there was a hungarian rebellion like every 20 years or so . 
  what now ? 
  will somebody put croatia before a court ? 
  and once again in history the balkan is a powder keg . 
  yeah , i think that the whole of europe got it by now . 
  truth is there were some slovenian and croatian activists there who were demanding `` free borders '' and all that nonsense between the police and the refugees . 
  they started pushing against the police line and the refugees helped them . 
  so the most `` peppered '' people were slovenes and croatians , but also some refugees . 
  anyway , can not wait how we will be called racist by the international media only because we are upholding the eu law . 
  for gods sake , the austrian chancellor had a meeting with our government `` reminding '' us we have international commitments . 
  the same austrian chancellor that is so welcoming to refugees . 
  i dont really fear muslims will want to `` collide '' with beer and pork . 
  and scantly dressed waitresses . 
  but sure as hell i would like to . 
  most people the one language they speak is serbo-croatian . 
  younger speak english , even some older people speak broken english . 
  if a immigrant comes to my house and asks for food and water they will receive help . 
  problem is most of the food in my fridge is made with pork . 
  but i will not point them to austria . 
  in not saying they will not find the border . 
  im saying its sure as hell nobody will voluntarily show them the way . 
  also the people on the country side dont speak english and arent really supportive of the migrant . 
  and i dont think there are a lot of the `` welcome refugee '' people on the main routes in the east of the country . 
  eastern slovenia is the most conservative part of slovenia and they are not really in favor of the croatians let alone some refugees wanting welfare in germany . 
  germany is so invested into this whole `` welcome refugees '' think , it seem they cant think rationally any more . 
  well open your borders let them in . 
  then you are in no condition to comment . 
  so i guess it 's our turn to solve europes problems . 
  dont worry guys , we got this . 
  well , yeah . 
  obviously . 
  the same time austrias and germanys high-horse policy lasted . 
  a weekend . 
  why would they riot ? 
  they are given asylum after all thats what they want , peace , and slovenia is one of the top 10 most peaceful countries in the world . 
  if they want peace of course , if they want welfare well then will they say that slovenia is a warzone . 
  just to add a bit of perspective . 
  a `` large influx '' for slovenia is a group of 100 people . 
  we have 3000 possible accomodations and some military tents as a reserve . 
  if we will see the same numbers coming as in hungary or austria we will have to be better organized than the allies on d day . 
  edit : it looks like we are sending police on the bigger border crossings with austria and hungary . 
  and we are not planning to form a corridor for the refugees to travel on ( as was stated by the croatian minister ) . 
  worst village people cover band ever . 
  well i know another group of people who want the money . 
   until he gets to live in your house . 
  well not live in your house , just walk through your house to your neighbours house who has a better tv . 
  thanks obama ( care ) . 
  oh right , totally forgot about you guys . 
  so here it goes . 
  xenophobic balts : you 're the worst of them all . 
  as long democracy is not in danger i see no problem with right wing parties . 
  i just personally can find the will to support them . 
  now if that makes me an asshole so be it . 
  good to hear that . 
  dude , youre putting words in my mouth . 
  where did you get : * it is something wrong when you consider it as something disgusting , inferior , backwards , icky or badwrong . 
  before you resort to kneejerk reactions of scoffing and going `` tsk , those retarded nationalists '' you should ask yourself why was your first reaction to insult it . 
  * just because i dont agree with you doesnt mean i am trying to offend you . 
  i said i dont like nationalism , orban or the sweidish democrats . 
  i dislike them as much as communists , anarchists and the whole leftist hippy dippy nonsense . 
  just because orban build a fence and the swedish demorats are anti-immigrant ( which i support btw ) doesnt mean that i have to support every other policy they propose . 
  i personally support different parties based on their proposed policies . 
  the parties of one side are all just too focused on their side and ideology and often lack the common sense or real world insight . 
  one again if you feel victimised by me , that was not my intention to offend you . 
  but once again i would like to point out that different people have different points of view . 
  heres another one : yo mama 's so old , jurassic park brought back memories . 
  is something wrong with not actively supporting nationalism ? 
  sure , can be but the swedish demokrats aint . 
  great , more nationalism . 
  jesus , because the majority of moderate european parties is unable to form a appropriate response to the crisis now we 'll have a bunch of orbans in europe . 
  edit : apparently if your anti-immigration you have to be also pro-orban and pro-swedish democrat . 
   xenophobic slavs dont forget the xenophobic hungarians ... or the xenophobic anglo-saxons . 
  or the xenophobic arabs . 
  there was a discussion about that in my university two years ago . 
  pretty much the last time i heard about it in everyday life .
