  i really dont know there is a solution that will make everybody happy . 
  edit : i made better word , now good, 
  welcome to the fence-friends club . 
  man , what did we do to get on this list ? 
  has it been extracted or has it been `` extracted '' ? 
  i mean , how do we know the data will be faked ? 
  great idea . 
  but i suggest we expand the number and organize a head of states hunger games . 
  the winner can get like a seat in the un security council or one free causus belli . 
  both of them ? 
  i am 100 percent sure the data gets deleted , or else there would be great uproar by the information commissioner . 
  on the page of the ministry of interior it says the data is deleted after the passport is issued to the client/citizen . 
  i had my fingerprints taken when i requested a passport , if i remember correctly . 
  yup , passport is voluntary . 
  so is the id card , but you cant do much without it . 
  you `` technically '' need only your birth certificate . 
  are we seriously going to play the blame game . 
  yes we can blame the american for dethroning saddam , who was truth be told , a dictator and not compatible with human rights . 
  yet during the 80s he was americas ally . 
  or we can blame al qaida for attacking the wtc and starting the whole second golf war . 
  or we can blame saudi arabia of being closely connected and supportive of incredible conservative islam . 
  or we can go further and blame the french and british for their arbitrary drawing of the borders in the middle east . 
  or we can blame the crusader for antagonizing the muslims . 
  or we can blame eve for being seduced by the snake and being kicked out of paradise . 
  why did you put a link to a picture of some text ? 
  why not type it in the comment ? 
  to give your claim more credibility ? 
  as long we need s-a for their oil we will kiss their ass . 
  [ they hate us , cus they anus . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/zmtibicncqk?t=25s ), 
  he has to start some day . 
  same thing as if you shave your pubic hair to make your dick seem bigger . 
  if we consider that the croatian governments response was `` lets drive them straight to austria '' and `` let them just go '' , i dont have great confidence in your government . 
  and then there is the whole unannounced green border crossing of trainload of people . 
  but then again , i dont have great confidence in the serbian , greek , german or even slovene government . 
  so what does the reinstatement of the dublin regulation mean in reality ? 
  200k refugees back to slovenia ? 
  because i am pretty sure slovenia is the first country that has registered them . 
  also why is greece even still in the schengen if they are , during the whole crisis , treated like not even being in the eu , but are considered in the same category like serbia and macedonia . 
  the election campaign will be so weird . 
  tomorrows headline : britain is europes most handsome nation . 
  isnt that like commemorating d-day and not inviting the americans ? 
   we ca n't host 10 trillion people , even if the law requires us to do so . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  months ago half of europe ( the `` racist '' bit ) was saying the same thing , but nobody in germany seemed to care and declared `` refugees welcome '' . 
  did nobody think that this might grow out of proportion . 
  exactly . 
  why even join the eu if you are not going to take part in any common debate . 
  the british by default answer to a eu proposal is no way . 
  why did you even join the eu in the first place . 
  anyway i look forward to the referendum so you will finally stop bitching about how the eu is worse then the black death and the cause of all evil in the world . 
  i am not sure i would call britain a sane voice in the eu . 
  are you talking about refugees or migratory birds ? 
  you do know that the refugees dont give a crap if its winter and low daylight . 
  they know or at least have been told that they will get warm clothes , housing and allowances if they get north . 
  the crisis will not just stop because its cold . 
  the transit states will be put under pressure by the media and feel-good leftist countries to give them express shipping in warm trains and buses to the country of their choosing . 
  seems more like a map of boutique breweries . 
  i know of a bunch of larger breweries and craft breweries that are missing . 
   benefits couples get based on presumption that more marriages = higher natality ? 
  also that would be discriminating against people who have children and are not married or are single parents . 
  why give money to people on the hopes they might have more children . 
  will they return the money if thry dont have any children ? 
  seems strange to me . 
  you get benefits for the children you have . 
  and more children you have more benefits you get ( more childsupport and free kindergarten for the second or third child , ... ), 
  not even top 10 . 
  what a bunch of losers . 
  its a brave new world we live in . 
  its difficult being supportive of the migrants if they pull shit like this . 
  i dont think that the referendum will be passed . 
  maybe 54 % are pro-gay marriage . 
  the problem is getting them all to go out and vote in force . 
  on the other hand the anti-marriage crowd has a lot higher voter activation . 
  especially if the rallying cry is : `` think of the children '' . 
  it doesnt help that the referendum is on a sunday so all the god-fearing people can go straight after mass to the polling station and vote . 
  anyway i dont expect a resounding success for the marriage equality as was the case in ireland couple of months ago . 
  unless the whole anti-kurdish military actions escalate and you hear more news about bombings like the other day in ankara . 
  and if the akp led government continues the trend of de-secularization . 
  is it a student union or a kindergarten ? 
  we are refusing to deal with the present situation and act accordingly , but at the same time we mascaraed our unwillingness as a good thing in the future . 
  this post is like saying global warming is a major opportunity . 
  so in some eu countries half of people under 25 are unemployed , yet it is better to import people with questionable qualifications and motives from the middle east and africa . 
  but the question is also will we have jobs available for the people in the future . 
  automation is getting more and more popular , which will further reduce employment numbers . 
  unless people coming are computer engineers or doctors they will have hard time finding meaningful employment . 
  to be honest the local population will be under the same pressure . 
  how are unemployed people going to save the pension funds ? 
  also , the migration crisis is still ongoing . 
  the majority of these people is still being processed or is on the way to germany . 
  they have not reached the labour market . 
  we dont know what are their expectations . 
  do they want to earn money or live of the welfare . 
  but at the end of the day this is germanys concern . 
  as long they dont start pushing these refugees , to whom they were so welcoming , to other countries . 
  i fail to see what your point is . 
  have you seen the quotation marks on the pro . 
  i am not saying that everybody is 110 percent on board but other countries are comparable more supportive to the european cause . 
  and yeah , there is a referendum about the exit , where the electorate can decide to leave the eu . 
  obviously .
