  having time for refills is completely separate from not wantin to pay for a drink that is mostly ice in a country without free refills . 
  it is n't that hard to understand ... 
  it seems like you 're purposefully trying to misconstrue what i 'm saying . 
  my comments have only been about the differences in meal length , and how it is hyperbolic to say there is no time for refills in european eating culture . 
  forget the ice , fountain drinks are still dirt cheap . 
  this is exactly what i 'm talking about , there is plenty of time for refills . 
  no whether you want that much soda is another questopn , but i 'll go through a few iced teas at lunch . 
  you only get your own refills at fast food here , and i 'm not going to sit and savor fast food . 
  im talking about actual restaurants with waiters . 
  the impression i 've got is that europeans take much longer to eat meals at restaurants than americans . 
  i was more talking about refills . 
  no , i 've never heard anyone call it tantalium before . 
  i was under the impression that europeans spend much more time enjoying their meals when they eat out . 
  do you guys call it tantalium , or was that a typo ? 
  in english the iupac name is tantalum . 
  how much does that cost ? 
  that is very similar to the commuter train i used to get home sometimes from university . 
  $ 10 to go ~ 100 km . 
  that is a monster of a bus , i 've been on some like that in san francisco but it only had a single joint . 
  that is a damn long commute . 
  does the train at least have wifi ? 
  what do you do for work ? 
  driving home yesterday i was wishing there was a train . 
  my commute is about 75 km , and i was interested to see longer distance train commute times , or get a sense for a typical commute in general . 
  they vote for a non-voting congress person . 
  they also do n't have senators , because they 're not a state :p, 
  puerto rican 's can vote , they just ca n't vote in the presidential election because of the damn electoral college . 
  their representative is a non-voting one so they have no electors . 
  they can vote in primaries . 
  and , as citizens they 're allowed to vote in the presidential election if they move to a state and register . 
  any american citizen that registers in puerto rico wo n't be able to vote in the presidential election as well . 
  i find it very interesting that you used `` neighbor '' and then called it `` pearl harbour '' . 
  but with twice the use !, 
  the secret is to put butter in everything . 
  that is her schtick , she is a southerner . 
   such as american undergraduate students applying to specific universities , while europeans apply to specific programs . 
  that is n't true in general . 
  many universities require prospective students to apply to a specific major within a college . 
  some do allow you to apply undeclared into a specific college though . 
  some us universities allow you to apply undeclared into a specific college . 
  i was a chemistry major at my university , and all college of chemistry students had to apply to a specific major . 
  i believe engineering was the same as well . 
  what do you mean by contract ? 
  sometimes the buyers agreement is referred to as the contract once the seller accepts . 
  or do you mean the closing documents ? 
  this is interesting for me because i just bought a house last week and want to see what the process is like elsewhere, 
  it is n't a mispronunciation . 
  we use an older , different spelling . 
   aluminum this is only american english because the spelling persisted here , whereas it changed in british english . 
  davy originally called the element alumium , and then settled on aluminum because it fit the naming conventions based on the oxide of the metals at the time . 
  aluminium came from a review of davy 's book in a literary magazine , not a science publication . 
  the author felt it did n't sound classical enough , which is a bit silly because many of the classical names of elements ended in - um , e.g. 
  ca n't forget gauss and riemann . 
  we 're consumers  we buy stick on tattoos . 
  in reality though we 'll do red , white , and blue face paint ( usually in stripes ) and wear american flag clothing . 
  gdp per capita does n't change the picture that much . 
  only four european countries are higher on a ppp basis by 2016 imf numbers , and five are by nominal gdp per capita . 
  the hubble mirror error had nothing to do with the unit system . 
  a calibration device was assembled incorrectly , causing a portion of the mirror to be polished incorrectly . 
  yeah , it seems like everyone was ... 
  i was only talking about teams from the higher levels . 
  lol , if that is what you think . 
  typically the onus is on the person making the claim , but it is clear you 're still speaking your opinion instead of fact !, 
  that does n't really address what i was getting at . 
  your leagues have relegation so eventually a lower league team might be a competitor . 
  college football is entirely separate from professional leagues , and are much more the hometown team than the professional franchise in the metro . 
  the whole ultra thing does n't really exist here except in isolated places . 
  you 'll still have rivals poisoning trees when your team beats them . 
  no , the uefa bout is more than clear . 
  you 're making a claim about stricter standards without any support , and i do n't buy that blanket assertion . 
  my crest toothpaste ( pretty major brand ) is 0.15 % w/v fluoride ion . 
  how does that compare ? 
  london has half the current premier league ?!, 
  you 're not going to find that concentration of teams on a single professional league in the us . 
  you seem to have a chip on your shoulder ... those were the teams i could easily recall . 
  there are 40 other sports teams at those those big universities , and i very plainly stated that my metro has a dearth of sports . 
  in terms of my earlier edit , there are another 124 teams in division 1 fcs , so a total of 270 american football teams in the professional and entire top college league . 
  even then , it is n't a competition . 
  the higher density of football teams goes a long way towards why europe has smaller stadia . 
  probably , but that is n't the case in even all * of europe . 
  the number of football teams in a big metro in your country . 
  if you 're going to talk about all sports then that number will go up dramatically for american metros , i was only talking about the major american football teams . 
  my current metro , ~ 1.6 million ( which is also notorious for a dearth of sports ) has a professional basketball team , two college football teams , a minor league pro baseball team , a pro rugby team , and an mls team . 
  ah , ok that changes the comparison then . 
  the four teams per metro i brought up earlier was only nfl and the very top division of college . 
  there are 124 more division 1 fcs teams and many more division 2 teams . 
  nebraska has something similar for the university of nebraska home games . 
  the stadium becomes the third largest city in the state . 
  thanks . 
  so all the football league teams are able to make it up to the premier league if they do well enough ? 
  what are typical sizes of the stadium for a national league team ? 
  this comment makes me think you have n't been exposed much to american sports culture , especially college sports . 
  college football fans are extremely passionate , many times far more than professional fans . 
  there is n't a conflict between supporting a professional and a college team because they 're not in competition . 
  because they are only 32 nfl teams , you 'll have huge swaths of the country where college football is king , and coincidentally that is where you 'll find a lot of the enormous college venues . 
  what league are the other professional teams in ? 
  is it a relegation league ? 
  i see what you 're saying , yes many college football fans will support a professional team as well . 
  are those all premiere league teams ? 
  it seems that the stadiums are smaller because the teams and fans are more fractionalized .
