  some counties could n't get people to sign up until they obfuscated that it was `` obamacare '' that these people were receiving . 
  some people are more focused on partisanship than their health , and until that changes a functional national public option will be a pipe dream . 
  people think that democracy only refers to a direct democracy . 
  it is infuriating how many people have forgotten their civics education . 
  student loan debt is not dischargable because there is no collateral and there is huge incentive to declare bankruptcy if you 're young and have no assets , at least that is the justification given for changing bankruptcy laws a few decades ago . 
  there are federal loan forgiveness program where you pay 10 % of your disposable income over 20 years and get the balance forgiven , but that still does n't touch private loans . 
  students getting themselves into tens of thousands in loan debt without a plan or viable career path after graduation is definitely a problem . 
  there is a ton of publicly funded tertiary education , from junior colleges to state research universities . 
  the major difference is that they still charge tuition and fees , and you need to actually apply for federal and state financial aid . 
  around 1 % of gdp was spent on tertiary education as public funding in 2013 , which was the oecd average that year . 
  hence the prevalence of loans to finance a university education . 
  tuition is out of control , it has increased roughly 60 % at my university since i graduated 6 years ago . 
  there are more institutional financial aid programs though , to the point that i likely would be paying less now . 
  why would hawking be more reasonable ? 
  von braun was an american citizen for the last two decades of his life . 
   how us americans do n't want to spend taxes on health care and education the funny thing is that our public expenditures for health care and education are among the highest in the world . 
  it is the system that is broken here , not the lack or money . 
  he had american citizenship for the last five decades of his life . 
  how would that not count ? 
  i meant more in terms of using the eu flag as a identifier . 
  sorry , should have been more clear . 
  a separatist !, 
  :p what does pro eu encompass for you ? 
  agaim , i do n't think you have a good point here . 
  it seems the pint of this subreddit is to allow for people from european countries to give their views and answer questions . 
  i do n't think it pushes stereotypes by being able to assign nationality to a comment , just context . 
  in subreddits like twox or oney which are gender based you definitely see people with female/male based flairs . 
  either way , you have an interesting view here . 
  it will definitely be interesting to see what happens . 
  i agree that strengthening the eu wo n't lead to a loss of national identity , but i do n't see how you think there would n't be a loss of sovereignty . 
  unless your view is that the eu should stop somewhere south of the `` united states of europe '' ? 
  so you 're personally fine with being treated as a block of countries ? 
  or at least maybe see merit in that paradigm ? 
  you joke about the un , but for non-europeans there is a lot of benefit in the * country flairs to get a sense where the opinions are coming from here . 
  this makes sense . 
  what is your stance on the eu ? 
  good the way it is , or do you think it should become a more integrated , pan-european nation ? 
  or is it just an umbrella organization that you feel connected to individual members ? 
  i was n't aware that this subreddit had us state flairs . 
  ( it does n't ) even then i do n't think you have a good point . 
  do you think you can conflate the eu with the us in this regard ? 
  * lots of downvotes but little explanation . 
  i find it interesting that someone lamenting about europe being treated like a block of country , and someone alluding to the same are both supported here . 
  i get the diversity of thought , but then there are more downvotes for asking for clarification down below about someone downplaying diversity in europe . 
  i 'm just looking for viewpoints here . 
   i do it because generally to most foreigners , we are treated as a block of countries do you think that might work to perpetuate it ? 
  yeah , but we 'll bastardize it with sangria and tacos . 
  you guys are basically mexican , right ? 
  if you package it into a drinking holiday we 'll celebrate anything . 
  we 'll also come out of the woodworks pretending to have latvian heritage . 
  never said they were n't trustworthy . 
  i was just pointing out that europe already has companies similar to monsanto . 
  definitely , also some controversial history there too . 
   we do n't want a monsanto . 
  you already have bayer and basf . 
  is helsinki a sprawling suburban wasteland with wide , truck laden avenues ? 
  what is the explanation behind the comparisons to dallas ? 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  my bad . 
  no specific programs , but in undergrad and grad we have professors come from those for seminars . 
  delft is more known as the best school in the netherlands . 
  interesting . 
  stateside the dutch ones that stick out are delft and amsterdam . 
  so those are more desirable from students from outside those regions ? 
  there are definitely accreditation organizations for universities in the us . 
  it is less about being a bad university vs americans being more into brand recognition like the british . 
  that being said there is definitely the conception that the top universities are more rigorous and produce better students , but that is likely self selective since the more driven students want to attend those universities . 
  it seems so , but again university brand name is also if for top u.k. universities . 
  in academics i feel it is going to be pretty similar where certain programs of note hold more clout in the field . 
  this was the notion i got from the german post doc in my lab , although the french post doc said basically the same as your experience . 
  definitely . 
  the name recognition has definitely helped me with my grad school application , and getting a fellowship . 
  it also helped getting job interviews and during salary negotiations . 
  it was completely worth it because i paid pretty much the same price as i would have at the university with the weaker program . 
  interesting . 
  the `` not too far from home '' part made it sound like you had a few choices . 
  did program strength play into your decision at all ? 
  in my case my state has different levels of universities and the two closest ones were in the lower level system . 
  there were two of the top tier relatively nearby , but i went to the one that was twice as far away because it was one of the top five programs in the country . 
  yeah , you picked something and did n't just go to the nearest possible one . 
  i 'm not saying that you necessarily need to care about your choice , because that is clearly a cultural difference , just that it is n't a good comparison to being ` assigned ' an primary and secondary school . 
  it seems that the only people who ` care ' as much as americans do about what school they went to are brits who went to top schools . 
  but even then that is not quite the same . 
  they 'll name drop , but not wear apparel for example . 
  and collegiate sports do n't really exist on the same level so there is n't an attachment to attending games . 
  alma mater , loving mother . 
  the reference to universities at one 's alma mater came from cambridge in the 1600s . 
  most people pay no where near that much . 
  oddly enough though the donation rates are far higher at the private schools that actually do cost that much . 
  https://www.forbes.com/sites/schifrin/2016/07/06/2016-grateful-grad-colleges-the-top-200-show-me-the-money-schools/#3abb00fe4f0e the median donation over ten years at mit is $ 45,500 !, 
  this is a bit of an odd comparison . 
  you do n't typically pick your schools for primary and secondary education in the us , whereas you actively pick your university in every country . 
  in some european countries you do pick your secondary education , e.g. 
  germany . 
  is n't it the same in the netherlands ? 
  in there a sort of pride , or at least sense of accomplishment , for going on whatever the highest track you have in your country ? 
  it is original gravity in plato degrees , grams of sugar per 100 grams of wort . 
  you 're really sticking to your guns here instead of admitting you 've misread my argument ... 
  the person i directly responded to said there was n't enough time for refills . 
  my comments have only been about time for refills .
