  to get those numbers of teams in american cities you have to include baseball and basketball too . 
  most textbooks here are available in the university libraries as well , it is just more convenient to have my own copy to work from home . 
  your description to humanities courses is pretty typical as well . 
  there will be a lot of photocopies or pdfs to read from , and sometimes you have to buy a few cheap novels . 
  of course it is n't a single nation , but i 'm not sure why that is relevant here . 
  individual european countries are smaller than the us , but the vast majority are more dense and have the fans to fill stadiums . 
  and at least western europe has a similar scale of wealth to afford large stadiums . 
  of course it is the individual clubs and cities building the venues . 
  but yes , a huge difference is the existence of college sports in the us . 
  american football is inexorably tied to universities here because it developed as a sport at that level , long before professional leagues existed . 
  basketball as well . 
  i do n't think that is the point at all . 
  europe has twice the population of the us in almost the same area . 
  the answer seems to be there are just a higher density of teams in the top leagues and uefa does n't allow bleachers . 
  nfl stadiums do n't have bleachers and they 're far smaller than the college stadiums that do . 
  you 're saying something completely different from the other two . 
  what is a typical number of teams for a metro , and london is not a typical city . 
  because the average bachelor 's degree holder makes $ 1200/week vs $ 670 for the average high school graduate . 
  this is n't really counter to my point . 
  american universities are very well funded . 
  edit : as to why us universities are heavily involved in sports is because the major american sports developed at the university level before professional leagues existed in the case of american football and basketball . 
  college baseball is no where near as big because professional leagues have been around since the early days of the sport here . 
  you did by pretending that all of europe somehow has this set of superior safety regulations . 
   but building regulations are in the hands of individual states because they have to adapt to the needs of the country at the given time exactly , that is the entire point of uefa needed to standardize stadiums . 
  nothing strange about it . 
  and again the link you posted has nothing to do with safety standards , just categorizing stadiums by their amenities and ability to hold special events like championships . 
  instead of sarcasm you could give a counter example ... if you 're including lower division teams that number will go up dramatically . 
  there are 32 nfl teams and ~ 120 division 1 fbs college teams . 
  public universities have to disclose their revenue and expenses by law . 
  http://www.ncaa.org/about/resources/research/archives-ncaa-revenues-and-expenses-reports-division most years you 'll see that roughly 50 % of fbs football and basketball teams make a profit , and those are the mostly the power 5 schools with larger stadiums . 
  so just conjecture ? 
  how many europe wide safety regulations for constructions are there , if any ? 
  did it occur that as a multinational organization it behooves the uefa to come up with some rules to maintain a certain level of stadium experience across countries ? 
  most of the large american stadiums are college stadiums from well before the huge influx of money into sports . 
  and oddly enough a lot of newer nfl stadiums are decreasing capacity , and increasing ticket prices for a ` premium experience ' . 
   the american model pray tell , what is the ` american model ' of stadium building ? 
  no such thing exists . 
  there is the americans with disability acts that mandates accessibility of public buildings like stadiums . 
  fire marshals generally set capacity limits on buildings and osha mandates rules for evacuations . 
  this does n't at all address how these standards are ` higher ' . 
  vip parking , vip hospitality , seats in the press box , minimum press conference area , etc. 
  these are all going to be features at professional stadiums and most of the large college stadiums . 
  after looking more at that article it is more talking about categorizing the stadiums for suitability of hosting major events like championships . 
  are we pretending most american metros do n't have multiple teams per city too ? 
  with nfl and college football some metros have four or more teams . 
  pretty comparable !, 
  american football does n't have relegation because cfb is the effective minor league . 
  the league below division 1 fbs is divison 1 fcs and those stadiums range from 69-2 ,000 . 
  the 69,000 is kind of cheating because it is a college team sharing with the nfl . 
  the largest unshared fcs stadium is yale 's with a capacity of 61,000 . 
   if you buy them new . 
  not if you buy the international edition , 
  how do the stadium sizes change as you drop down the levels ? 
  nfl stadiums range from 82-56 ,000 . 
  cfb division 1 fbs stadiums range from 108-15 ,000 and drop off pretty quickly from there . 
  i think the top few levels of the league would give a pretty fair comparison . 
  practically all of the universities with huge stadiums have self sufficient american football programs , or even athletic departments overall . 
  80,000 + fans brings in a lot of money . 
   if you look at the university of phoenix stadium at the same time there is also sun devil stadium ( 56,000 ) and arizona stadium ( 56,000 ) for college football . 
  when you pool the liverpool ( hehe ) and manchester metros you get a population about 75 % of arizona , so the stadium capacity is n't too far off . 
  the people are also close to each other compared to the us . 
  europe has a bit over twice the population density of the us . 
   the eu actually produces 25 % of the world 's scientific research by what measure ? 
  research funding , papers published ? 
  ap = advanced placement , a series of courses run with standards set by the college board , a private organization . 
  they 're meant to be equivalent to lower level college course . 
  the ap calculus series has two classes , ab and bc . 
  most people who go to university in a science or engineering major will have taken at least calculus ab and likely bc . 
  i took only ab and it allowed me to skip into second semester calculus at university and i felt pretty well prepared . 
  what was your higher level math class ? 
  i think the highest offered at my school was ap calculus bc . 
  it is supposed to be roughly equivalent to second semester of university calculus , and covered differentiation and integration in more depth and looked at some differential equations . 
  very different than here . 
  advanced courses are on a class by class basis . 
  in my district , if your school did n't offer the class you were able to take the class at another high school in the district . 
  coordinating that was pretty difficult because you 'd usually be late after driving there . 
  how big were you classes ? 
  mine were typically around 20-30 students , although one particularly packed biology class had ~ 45 . 
  if you 're at school all day no wonder you 're just trying to rush through !, 
  us high schools do n't really have extra courses for the university prep course . 
  you will take advanced placement or ib courses instead of regular classes and in lieu of extra courses for the most part . 
  so pretty much the entire school starts and gets out at the same time . 
  one small exception is that some schools offer 0 or 7th period before and after general instruction , but that is n't typical . 
  that is news to me . 
  we were allowed to eat off campus during the last two years of highschool . 
  do n't take one person 's experience as a generalization of all the us . 
  each school can make their own policy on lunch . 
  at my highschool most people ate outside , and you could really do whatever you wanted . 
  upperclassman could also get an off campus pass for lunchtime . 
  shit , my high school went from 7:20 to 2:20 . 
  there was no way to last a day without lunch . 
  what was your secondary school schedule like ? 
  in my school we had six periods starting at 7:20 am . 
  two lunch periods . 
  the school was big and the cafeteria could accommodate everyone so you got assigned to early or late lunch . 
  4th period was during lunch , so those classes were staggered as well . 
  upperclassmen could sign up for a pass to take lunch off campus . 
  we were done by 2:20 pm . 
  it did n't seem like a particularly long day . 
  maybe , but the development system is not there .
