i was just addressing the emissions part . 
  what bank were you using ? 
  it is very easy and free to transfer money between most of the big banks here . 
  that depends on the state . 
  here in ca cars need a smog check every two years . 
  cars older than 1975 are exempt , although you do n't see many of those . 
  it puts a little more emphasis on speed than strength and size . 
  you can still have a competitive flag football game . 
  two hand touch was more popular for playing on the street because you really do n't want to be tackled on asphalt . 
   not sure how this is supposed to be done without all the padding or risking severe injuries flag football or two hand touch are pretty common for friendly neighborhood games . 
  it [ flag football ] you have two colored flags stuck to a belt with velcro . 
  the player is down when their flag gets pulled . 
  two hand touch is just that , you need to touch a player with both hands to get them down . 
  those are n't assault rifles though . 
  by definition assault rifles are select fire and have automatic fire capability . 
  hmm , i 'm going to have to go back to what i said earlier . 
  it seems that automatics are prohibited in canada , and that would include assault rifles . 
  http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/regulations/sor-98-462/page-1.html#h-2 http://www.rcmp-grc.gc.ca/cfp-pcaf/faq/index-eng.htm#a3 http://www.rcmp-grc.gc.ca/cfp-pcaf/fs-fd/prohibited-prohibe-eng.htm it does seem that some are grandfathered in similar to the us . 
  probably should have read further into the wiki article . 
  what is the process for obtaining one in canada ? 
  it is almost impossible to get one in the us , and prohibitively expensive . 
   assault rifles those are n't legal in canada . 
  it is still pretty expensive here for what it is . 
  nope , not here . 
  and knowing popeyes you likely had a type of sandwich called a po ` boy . 
  on a roll instead of a bun , with lettuce and a remoulade . 
  cultural difference . 
  chicken on a bun is always a chicken sandwich here . 
  it needs beef to be a burger . 
   if you do everything you 're asked to do , hand in all your homework , study for the quizzes , you automatically get an a. 
  you still need to score well on all of those assignments . 
  higher level classes , like ap , will generally have more synthesis style test questions so you need to go beyond what you learned and apply it to new problems . 
  chik-fil-a is more chicken sandwiches and chicken nuggets . 
  kfc is deep fried chicken , i.e. 
  drumsticks , thighs , breast , with ` traditional ' southern sides . 
  chik-fil-a is way better than kfc . 
   for ap , classes , it costs $ 90 to take the test that determines if you get university credit and if you 're poor there is a discounted fee of $ 5 per test . 
  the credit gained can be substantial . 
  i had over a year of college credits from ap tests . 
  in practice though it saved me maybe one semester of classes . 
  the best part was having a higher class standing for class registration . 
  not quite . 
  by holiday we mean a day like christmas or fourth of july . 
  your pto generally needs to be approved by management , but you can take it whenever . 
  like i 'm using pto today to travel back from a weekend wedding . 
  pto is free time you can take anytime . 
  most salaried jobs get certain holidays as paid vacation . 
  hard root beer does , and is gaining in popularity . 
  that is odd , i ca n't recall a house not having at least some form of covering on any window unless it was a picture window . 
  there was that invasion a few decades after our revolutionary war . 
  it most definitely is about the word . 
  you ca n't redefine it and claim invention , nor can you assume everyone else uses your new definition of a preexisting word . 
  if you guys just claim putting d\u00f6ner meat with cabbage in a sandwich that is entirely different from inventing d\u00f6ner kebab . 
  germany invented a style of d\u00f6ner kebab sandwich is how it should be presented . 
  maybe in germany , but d\u00f6ner refers to the rotisserie cooking of the meat . 
  it is definitely referring to the meat in turkey , where is was invented . 
  germans did n't come up with the word so it is silly for you to claim a language mistake on my end . 
  it is though . 
  let me judge you based on my country 's cultural norms !, 
  d\u00f6ner kebab was invented in turkey though . 
  the meat has almost 200 years of history there . 
  d\u00f6ner kebab sandwiches also existed in the middle east before they came to berlin . 
  a specific type of d\u00f6ner sandwich was invented in germany , but claiming d\u00f6ner came from germany is like saying canada invented pizza because they came up with the hawaiian pizza . 
  yeah , they 're definitely two different systems . 
  no denying that . 
  i 'm just saying that there is nothing artificial about getting an entry level card and maintaining to establish and promote your credit worthiness . 
  well you kind of need a credit account to have a credit history and thus score , but there is nothing ` artificial ' about it . 
  the second half of the article is exactly what i said about using your accounts responsibly and maintaining them . 
  building credit is exactly what you 're talking about in the second paragraph . 
  maintain your accounts and pay them on time . 
  keep your revolving balance low , and your debt to limit ratio low . 
  it it just a different term for what you 're used to . 
  employees using credit scores is scummy here as well . 
  that is rather odd . 
  if anything using a credit card in my case is being more financially savvy because i am saving more money by using it by getting cash back . 
  so what would you be if one parent is a scot and one parent is black ? 
   because it apparently puts those people who never take out loans or use credit cards at a disadvantage over those who do . 
  it it that weird to weight a known vs an unknown ? 
  in my experience someone without history will just be denied a loan whereas someone with history would be given a much higher interest rate . 
  i 'm not sure if that is much of an advantage . 
  the credit score ( unfortunately ) goes beyond just loans , almost any contract you enter into will usually have your credit history taken into account , e.g. 
  your apartment lease or utility account . 
  it looks more at your ability to pay towards your contractual obligations . 
  you can still live within your means and be an active credit user . 
  i pay for almost everything on my credit card because i get cash back on it , but pay them off 2-3 times per month . 
  i 'd like to hear more on how you think there ca n't be , e.g. , a black scot . 
  here there are social and political differences that trend with demographics . 
  people just need to understand that trends do n't define individuals . 
  i 'd agree that there is a lot of unnecessary emphasis on race here . 
  it seems that races here are more lumping people based on large areas of ancestral geographic origin or skin color . 
  your example is conflating nationality with race , which are seen as different here . 
  you can be a black english , just like you can be a hispanic american with ancestry from colombia . 
  hispanics cover far more than americans and mexicans . 
  the demographic covers all of latin america and some of the caribbean . 
  the major distinction is language differences , hispanics are the major `` other '' . 
  inability or difficulty to communicate causes some friction . 
  and there are real cultural differences between hispanics and `` white '' americans here . 
  i 've experienced it firsthand as a hispanic american . 
  npr , national public radio , had a very interesting segment on public healthcare last week now that trump is trying to repeal aca and put new legislation in place . 
  it is ridiculous how many poor rural folks are so opposed to public healthcare even though they are some of the largest beneficiaries .
