   installation count is growing 9-10 % per year . 
  good , that still only accounts for a specific section of the economy , the one which production can be arranged around robots . 
  good luck building a robot that can lay a floor in a less-than-simple floorplan , to return to my example . 
   it 's effectively the same . 
  no it 's not , it 's literally and effectively completely different . 
  once again : the french two-round system elects the president only . 
  the president is a single individual and as such any presidential electoral system must inevitably force a single final choice . 
  not so why the parliament . 
  twisting how the parliament is elected in order to implement a weird semi-presidential system is like getting the worst of both world . 
  if he wants a presidential system he should get one . 
   verbosity never mentioned . 
   with strict defined deadlines actually no , they are badly and confusingly defined . 
   that would be covered by the french like two round election . 
  the french two round election is for the president . 
  they need to have one final answer because they 're electing only one person . 
  we 're electing 600 , precisely because we want more than one position represented . 
   all the talk about bringing manufacturing back to the us is stupid because it never moved out yes , it manifestly did . 
  a lot of production moved to mexico with nafta , for example . 
   polish drivers nothing that you say here addresses my objection , sorry . 
   30 years ago there was no internet and 20 years ago it just started to be used commercially . 
  you were talking about an ai before , not better infrastructure . 
  kind of a huge difference . 
   i think we should start thinking about how to handle the world in 20 years and already preparing for the world that will be 10 years from now . 
  the world in 20 years wo n't be massively automated and governed by ais unless there 's a huge , unforeseeable leap forward in both technologies . 
   the factory workers expect to bring back factory jobs that are already moving out of china or being automated in china and who says that ca n't happen ? 
  there are already , and there have been for decades , protectionist measures designed to keep certain industries at home . 
  the us chicken tax is such an example , and it has even made foreign producers open factories in the us . 
   immigration control wont save drivers from self driving cars neither as if the main drive behind anti-immigration sentiment were drivers ? 
  come on man . 
   neither it will save office works from watson which is light-years from being able to take over from offices . 
  reddit has an ingrained automation/ai circlejerk that is more / r/futurology stuff than a serious look at the near-future capability of either technology . 
  office workers are n't going anywhere for decades and decades . 
   if you ca n't compete with low skilled immigration from poor countries despite having lived in a rich country are your life then it 's really your own fault . 
  yes , it 's their own fault that they performed a necessary profession like laying flooring for decades and now that they 're fifty they ca n't easily retrain . 
  what a bunch of bastards , fuck them right ? 
  more specifically `` buy swedish , do n't buy our competitors ! '', 
  the image is [ hugely misleading ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5dxo83/the_amount_of_antibiotics_in_meat_products/da84cl4/ ) , and it would n't surprise me if it ultimately originated with some swedish meat industry group intent on convincing customers to buy their product rather than imported . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  this picture is based on the following data : [ sales of active-ingredient antimicrobial agents marketed mainly for food producing animals ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nntmfcc.png ) . 
  the picture above is crudely suggesting , instead , that this represents the amount of `` antibiotics '' in the meat that you buy at the supermarket : the implication of the syringe shoved into the meat patty is unmistakeable . 
  but of course that 's false : antibiotics are metabolized , and depending on treatment regimen they can be fully flushed out of the system by the time the animal is slaughtered . 
  and that 's without even discussing whether and which antibiotics are dangerous if they are found in the final product . 
  simplest example : an antibiotic that must be injected may be completely ineffective and harmless when injested , because digestion destroys it . 
  so i call on the moderators to tag this post misleading , since it is and hugely so , and op to provide numbers that better back up the claim heavily suggested by his image . 
  it 's not necessary , and in truth the expense will be only a blimp in the huge costs of the post-earthquake reconstruction , so it 's a nice gesture promoting european solidarity and the preservation of our shared historical and artistic heritage . 
  plus , if we want to get all accounty about it , italy is a huge net contributor to the eu budget , so it 's not exactly the eu which would be paying ... 
   ignoring people does n't work because they 'll vote for someone who `` listens to them '' . 
  obviously , and you can remove the scare quotes . 
  yes , people want a politician who acknowledges their existence . 
  no , that 's not strange . 
   telling people they 're wrong does n't work because then they will be offended interesting how you word it - / u/lvcons said `` call them racists , call them idiots '' and you summarize that as `` tell them they 're wrong '' . 
  is that how you normally tell people they 're wrong ? 
  by calling them names ? 
   trying to solve their problems does n't work because their complaints do not have a rational economic basis lol , ok . you strawman them , then you deny they have any rational motive to their actions - so you find self-justification in ignoring and attacking them . 
  if that was your goal you have achieved it . 
  on the off chance that your goal is to actually understand them , then let me point out an easy example i read just yesterday in / r/italy . 
  a user 's dad is a floor layer ( sorry , i do n't know the english name , it 's a construction profession ) . 
  he used to be paid around 130 $ / sqm . 
  then there was a large influx of albanian immigrants in his region , puglia . 
  not only did prices plummet , but now most companies wo n't even hire italians as albanians are not just cheaper , but far more willing to endure abuse and mistreatment to keep their job . 
  you would call it irrational to be opposed to immigration , when competition from extremely cheap immigrant labour directly threatens your livelihood ? 
  keep in mind that most polls right now have huge percentages of undecided voters , like around 30 % . 
  no is leading yes 4 % , but with 30 % undecided that can mean very little . 
   i ca n't understand why they 're trying to abolish provinces , are n't they working properly ? 
  the idea of abolishing provinces has been floating around for a couple of decades , because it has been very easy to argue that they are an un-necessary middle-size step between regions and municipalities and we could save money by eliminating them . 
  imho the majority of the impetus behind it has been simplistic populist arguments that call for cost-cutting without any real , solid estimate of potential cost-savings vs complexity/efficiency drawbacks of pushing their functions to the higher or lower level . 
   in terms of its powers would you say they look more like the french system ( few powers ) or the spanish autonom\u00edas ( almost states in a truly federal way ) . 
  ok so , italy is a very centralistic state . 
  its institutional makeup at the time of founding was modeled on france ( which was the reference model for the kingdom of sardinia , the political entity that unified italy ) . 
  throughout our history , we became barely less centralistic : the regions and provinces administer some local services , but the state can nearly always overrule them or , at the very least , by controlling the vast majority of their finances it can bring them round . 
   if the ref passes and the provinces disappear what happens to the different autonomous regions like sardinia or sicily ? 
  provinces will be abolished everywhere , except for the autonomous provinces of trento and bolzano . 
   also since metropolitan areas become the de facto 1st level italian subdivisions who will `` own '' the rural areas ? 
  metropolitan cities , which are `` provinces by another name '' , will only exist for major metro areas and yes they will `` own '' the rural areas . 
  other rural areas will be under the direct overview of their regional governments . 
   could you explain in detail the various proposals for yet another electoral law for the lower chamber ? 
  far too many to be discussed honestly . 
  but the fact of the political situation is this : it 's impossible to write and pass a new electoral law by dec 4 , when we vote . 
  so there will be no new law until the referendum . 
  and then when the referendum is done i guarantee several political parties will change their position on the electoral law . 
  if renzi wins a strong victory , so much that he thinks he can win the elections alone , he will suddenly discover that he likes the electoral law as it is ( because it would allow him to govern alone ) . 
  the same will happen to other parties if their side wins . 
  let me give you mine : - the new senate is a mess . 
  it 's composed of mayors and regional councillors , i.e. 
  people who already have a very serious job to do considering how many things municipalities and regions control in italy ( healthcare , social services , a good portion of local roads and infrastructures ) . 
  one of the most widely denounced practices until now was that of parlamentarians having a ` second job ' as a mayor ; the reform would have * all * senators in that condition . 
  that 's a terrible idea . 
  - our parliament is n't actually slow at making laws . 
  there is this trope that our parliament never does anything , which based on journalistic overhype rather than data . 
  it 's about as productive as that of other major european countries . 
  - speaking of speed , the new law-making procedure is pretty strange . 
  it has shifted parliamentary procedure from its own books to the constitution , and it 's not really made matters simpler or more straight-forward . 
  there is serious doubt whether the time from bill to law will be shorter . 
  - the new constitution paired with the new electoral law will create a majority rule system , where the party that achieves a plurality governs . 
  that inevitably creates a huge , huge , huge incentive towards a two-party system ( voting third party means helping the party that you least would like to win ) . 
  i do n't want a two-party system . 
  * italians * do n't want a two-party system : we are split into three major political blocks of about the same size !, 
  and that 's it in brief . 
  i think the reform tackles a non-problem , tackles it badly and at the same time introduces an incentive towards a political system that i neither want nor think is appropriate for my country . 
  so i 'm voting no .
