  but we are , i just did . 
  i can well see that you chose to ignore my argument , but that does n't mean i should arbitrarily restrict my analysis to what you 'd prefer . 
  in fact , why do n't you go ahead and develop you argument in full ? 
  i 've done it , and i 'm not going to keep trying to guess what you 're trying to suggest by half-sentences . 
   the result has already caused upheaval in the markets as it has mired italy and the eurozone in a new era of uncertainty and is likely to worsen the position of its already troubled banking system anyone who does `` market reaction analysis '' a mere few hours after markets have opened is either ignorant or writing in bad faith . 
  there are always all kinds of panicked and stupid reactions immediately after a big event ; it 's the adjustment to trend that is indicative . 
  markets have returned across all indicators to exactly where they were before . 
   `` i do n't believe we can go on in a system where everybody criticises the system for decades and then does n't want to change it , '' said the italian pm . 
  what a pretentious little twit . 
  even now he fails to admit to his many mistakes , and instead pretends it 's a simple issue of stupid childish italians not wanting to go along with his enlightened leadership . 
  just because he proposed `` change '' does n't mean that it 's the change italy wants or needs . 
  and yet they did n't change the previous gdp trajectory , much like our `` lacrime e sangue '' labour market reforms did n't . 
  there might be a lesson to learn here ? 
   our parliament is not fast at all . 
  that only applies to the `` decretazione d'urgenza '' trivially false , i invite you to take a look at the actual numbers . 
  the referendum is done , so forgive me if i do n't go dig them up again . 
  forgive me for thinking that a brit might be consuming somewhat more british media than foreign then . 
  the point remains . 
  german gdp seems to have grown exactly on the same trend for as long as i can see : http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/germany-gdp-constant-prices.png?s=germanygdpconpri&amp;v=201611211731r&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231 there were periods of stagnation and recession , but you can trace a very clear straight trend line from 1995 to today . 
  so i do n't know what they did in the 2000s , but it does n't seem to have put germany on a different growth path than it was before . 
  on the other hand , notice anything peculiar here ? 
  http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/germany-balance-of-trade.png?s=grtbale&amp;v=201611211040r&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231 it seems that right around 2001 , german exports exploded . 
  coincidentally , that 's when germany adopted a currency significantly weaker than they had before . 
  germany is a reasonably well-run country , but any analysis of its 21st century economic performance that does n't account for the huge boon of the euro misses a fundamental component . 
   i thought the ` no ' vote was polling higher prior to the results , so the impact had largely been factored in ? 
  not just that , ` no ' had been polling higher for months . 
  everyone had positioned themselves accordingly , so it would have been rather surprising if there were any meaningful movement . 
   the italian banks have n't yet gone bust . 
  i imagine with british media predicting the death of europe ( any day now ) , this might seem like sound analysis to you , but `` the italian banks '' are n't going bust any time soon . 
  our npl problem is , to steal an expression , `` bad , but not serious '' . 
   well , 40 % all by himself , he 's looking good for the upcoming elections . 
  it 's 40 % for this specific reform . 
  renzi 's party is polling a net loss against the m5s . 
  yes , berlusconi 's party is still in the running . 
   here the funny thing : if this reform would have passed the new electoral law would have made possible to the 5 * to actually form a govern . 
  the referendum was not on the electoral law , the italicum majority-rule system remains in place . 
  come on man ... 
  the m5s does not want to leave the eu , they want a $ referendum . 
  by the way , the `` far right '' also does not want to leave the eu . 
  your press , to be kind , is a little bit sensationalistic and stereotyping when it comes to foreign country . 
   nevertheless something needs to be done and i 'm not sure i see anyone on the political scene whose up to the task . 
  there is n't . 
  which is why we need to face the music : strongmen and `` reformists for reform sake '' have failed , for two decades . 
  it 's time to turn to something else . 
   anyway , i just want to say it 's been a pleasant debate - which is a rarity on reddit these days . 
  thanks . 
  in brief : it would make it easier for the government to pass legislation without actual electoral support . 
  with the new setup , it would take a simple majority-rule electoral law ( like the one renzi passed ) to grant the government essentially the power to do whatever it wants despite not having 50 % + of the vote . 
   you 're obviously very happy but it makes no sense to me why you would be so against the referendum . 
  i explained it several times over between yesterday and tonight . 
   voting no now will just lead to inevitable instability in a time where italy needs a strong and stable government . 
  i fundamentally disagree with both assessments . 
   the italicum , jobs act and the bill for the constitutional amendment were like something out of a political drama . 
  the jobs act went swimmingly , the italicum and the const reform were an issue because he started writing them with berlusconi and then had to switch to different allies . 
  nothing to do with procedure . 
   but bigly is n't a word i know , it 's a trump meme . 
   is there anyone to take the country forward at all ? 
  we do n't need to take the country `` forward '' . 
  we 've been blindinly going `` forward '' for 20 years , without any question of where `` forward '' was leading . 
  we need to turn in the right direction before taking the next step , far more than we need to take a step for walking 's sake . 
   m5s wins the elections , they take us out of europe at some point , after the panick has settled , someone will actually check their policy positions and discover that the m5s is not for leaving the eu . 
  would you change the status quo for something that looks to be worse ? 
  neither would 60 % of us . 
  actually his hiring tax breaks had an immediate effect , as predicted . 
  they also had an immediate counter-effect as soon as they ended . 
  but sure , let 's wait a few years and see if making people easier to fire makes the economy better . 
  we 've only tried it for 20 years with no results , what 's a few more ? 
   because if not , it is the right thing for a left-leaning party to govern with a center-left policy approach . 
  but renzi was never left-leaning . 
  happily and openly so . 
   it 's about making it easier to pass big reforms . 
  yet renzi passed them with no issue . 
  so did the last 20 years of governments . 
   if the renzi could count on his own party for support then could get stuff done , but he ca n't because bersani hates him and will use every opportunity to destroy his own party 's government . 
  if you think bersani has any leadership role you really need to start paying attention . 
  bersani is politically dead , and ill of health as well . 
   they ( along with salvini ) are the standard bearers for the no . 
  yet the no won bigly even in areas where they are weak . 
  perhaps they 're only self-appointed in this role , without a real following ? 
  everyone can claim leadership in an opposition that does n't have an official structure . 
  those two parties hate each other , and yet ... 
   tell which economic reforms he managed to pass , during his government ? 
  the entirety of the jobs act ? 
  which was far more than abolishing the already-dead ( fornerno reform ) art . 
  his tax breaks ? 
  his huge overhaul of the unemployment subsidy and job placement scheme ? 
  his tax collection reform , only a few weeks old now ? 
  we 've reformed our economy for 30 years and it 's shit , maybe we need to stop thinking `` reform '' is the answer and start talking about the content of said reforms ? 
   but , in the end , the power resides on people and it will be them who will vote . 
  it does n't though . 
  power resides with those who have the money and influence to make a political party a relevant organizational force instead of nothing of note , with those who can give an idea media relevance or sink it , with those who can afford to not find a career but instead be in politics all their lives and build themselves up . 
  the people very rarely can do more than choose among the alternatives that the elite produces . 
  renzi himself made this about him , i do n't think it was particularly dishonest of them to take him at his word . 
   strengthens my original point that a new approach is needed to increase accountability this reform would have done the opposite though . 
  quite exactly the opposite . 
   you specifically said that the parliament in italy produces more laws than the european average yes , and yet we are mired in stagnation . 
  which means that making laws easier to pass is not what we need . 
   but i can never understand this tribalism that puts people behind grillo and berlusconi . 
  the tribalism is thinking that voting no means being with grillo or berlusconi . 
  i voted no and i loathe both those cunts .
