wow . 
  60 km of high speed rail . 
  `` also , have you noticed the `` planned '' and `` in construction '' portion of your map ? 
  it 's completely obvious that high-speed rail was deployed first to the by far most populated area of the country , which is also the flattest . '', 
  i 'm not going to re-write the parts you chose to ignore . 
   fine . 
  what amazing highways do you have from taranto to calabria ? 
  the ionian of course , a 3-lane-per-direction highway ( e90 in the code system ) . 
  have you bothered to try google maps ? 
  strange , you seem so eager to inform yourself . 
  so eager i 'm now going to disable notifications for this post , since you seem more interested in starting a flame than having a reasoned discussion . 
   actually we do n't have any . 
  yes you do , it 's called cantonnement telephonique . 
  [ here ] ( http://medias.sncf.com/sncfcom/open-data/rapport-securite/rapport-annuel-sur-la-s%c3%a9curite-2015-v1ca-22-06.pdf ) is a report containing , among many other things , the details of modernization projects where it 's being removed and replaced . 
   notice how south of naples there are n't any high speed lines over 300km ? 
  strange , i thought salerno was to the south of naples and i swear i took a high speed train to it . 
  in fact your map agrees with me . 
  also , have you noticed the `` planned '' and `` in construction '' portion of your map ? 
  it 's completely obvious that high-speed rail was deployed first to the by far most populated area of the country , which is also the flattest . 
   here 's a map of highways . 
  in the north it makes nice closed loops . 
  in the south ? 
  again you have to go to naples if you want to go from bari to calabria . 
  you surely know that the italian highway system is not only comprised of autostrade , right ? 
  no , you do not have to go naples to go from bari to calabria . 
  and the north has nice closed loops because it 's a giant flat plain , rather than being bisected by mountains like the south . 
  i 'm not going to keep replying to you if you couple your evident ignorance of the subject matter with this dismissive attitude . 
  they 're not socialist , they declare themselves post-ideological . 
  in practice they 've allied themselves with euroskeptic parties at the eu level , such as ukip . 
   you did n't tackle / u/elvishcopter 's main point : centralisation . 
  it 's not very clear from a half-line mention that this was his main point . 
   italy suffers badly from that north south imbalance . 
  massively investing there offers great potential for growth . 
  do you know much about our history ? 
  massive north-south investment has been attempted for decades . 
  it 's not as simple as pouring money into the south . 
   ffs , the reason you had that train accident a few months ago is because regional trains in that area are controlled by a friggin phone system between the stations . 
  are you people for real ? 
  you are of course aware of the fact that this system is in use in much of europe as well ? 
  only 2 % of our track mileage is controlled with this system , which is a lower percentage than in many european countries . 
  in fact your own country is still working on removing it from older lines , just like ours . 
  are you not for real too , or would you like to adopt a less superior tone ? 
   probably you 're a researcher not even close . 
   most of italy 's gdp comes from lower technology products anyway . 
  think mechanical machinery the `` mechanical machinery '' italy produces is mostly high-tech engineering products . 
  for example we are world leaders in the production of industrial packaging machines for both retail and pharma . 
   luxury items , tourism , those are grossing much more than what r&d can bring italy , especially when italy is ages behind in technology compared to other powers this is a flawed view . 
  luxury and tourism can be the backbone of the economy for a small country that can focus on those . 
  we are fairly large in terms of population and economic size . 
  we must exploit tourism and luxury , but it 's a dangerous delusion to think we can rely on them . 
   r&d is something italy needs of course but it 's not the magical key enabler to italian success after which everybody will be rich and happy again like in the '80s . 
  but it really is . 
  r&d is what has kept other similarly-sized western economies buoyant while we dredged in stagnation . 
  and i 'm not talking just about high-minded academic pursuits , i 'm talking about the nitty-gritty of how to make productivity improvements on making things as simples as the power drills you mentioned ( although we do n't make many of those ) . 
   i do think that the labour reform was something we needed also . 
  far too stagnant and non-dynamic workforce but has it gotten better ? 
  has making firing people easier created a more `` dynamic '' workforce ? 
  i only see qualified people struggling to find decent jobs and delaying the moment when they can be economically independent , failing to buy houses and durable goods , depressing internal demands . 
  for what gain ? 
  why is stability in governance this ultimate good that must be achieved even through `` heavy handed '' solutions , which at this stage means handing the government to a minority party ? 
  we are a very diverse country , not just in terms of politics but in terms of economic , social and cultural priorities . 
  we need to re-learn something that we had been able to do for 5 decades after the war : engage in the certainly tiresome but completely necessary process of building consensus and compromise out of this very diverse voting public . 
  we used to do it via political parties and government coalitions . 
  we can learn to do it too if we stop with the fantasy that shoving a minority government down the majority 's throat is a good idea . 
  the idea that the alternative is between never reforming anything and doing reforms no matter what they are is exactly the problem i 'm highlighting . 
  we need to discuss the content of reforms , not just the ( supposed ) necessity of having them . 
  for example , i do n't think our labour market needed much reforming . 
  i think our r&d system did . 
  italy has been investing appallingly low % s of our gdp in r&d . we are improductive chiefly for that reason , because our companies make outdated products with outdated systems , not because our workers were overprotected . 
  that 's why we eliminated most worker protections and we still gained very little in productivity . 
   like law throughput could be used a sensible parameter to qualify a country efficiency at governing itself at all . 
  could we have this discussion without immediately resorting to dismissing opposing views as obvious idiocy ? 
  thank you . 
  i never said law throughput is what you say . 
  i contested the talking point , which is central to this referendum , that our parliament is too slow at making laws . 
  since it is a central talking point , it 's worth it to discuss it even if it does n't capture the entirety of the issue , and i agree with you that it does n't . 
  in fact that 's the implication of my post . 
   what this country needs is a more centralized system of governance and a way to keep a government in power for more than the 2 something average we have . 
  i do n't really think that 's our main issue . 
  our longest government was berlusconi 's 2nd one , the only government in our history to last its full 5 years . 
  did you see many impressive results ? 
  did the country start on a different and better trajectory ? 
  political instability is the product of a country which is very fractured along political lines . 
  artificially putting a minority party in government is not going to solve that issue and gives exactly zero guarantee that that party will do well . 
   renzi has promoted the reforms as a way to simplify and improve italy 's governance , eliminating a major source of political gridlock . 
  i know this is the common wisdom that both sides of the referendum seem to be accepting uncritically , but i implore my countrymen to think this through . 
  this premise that the italian parliament is too slow is simply false . 
  second , italy is hardly in gridlock . 
  for the past quarter century we have reformed everything , from the constitution , to the electoral law , to the labour market , to healthcare , to education . 
  the country is unrecognizable from the early 90s : we vote a different way , our politics are entirely different , the way you find and hold a job is completely different , pensions have changed ... if you 're italian , you can easily find countless examples . 
  so i implore you to consider that our problem is not that we have n't changed enough . 
  our problem is that we 've been sold `` change '' , any change , as some kind of miracle cure . 
  we 've been told that `` reforms '' were needed and barely if ever have we been able to have frank discussion on * which * reforms we needed . 
  our country is poorer and just as stagnant as it was when we embarked on this process of reforming everything . 
  maybe it 's time to stop and consider that another bout of `` reforming for reforming 's sake '' is n't going to have any different an effect . 
  there is this problem though . 
  you can , if you want , outlaw and break up any organization . 
  that is easy enough . 
  what is hard , in this day especially , is to prevent it reforming in a clandestine form . 
  if you break up a salafist cell at a mosque , they might well carry on their discussions online .
