  in italy , we have managed a very effective containment of this problem by relentlessly expelling extremists . 
  but that could be done because they were n't citizens . 
  when they are citizens , expulsion becomes impossible , and then you have extremists free to act until they do something gravely criminal , at which point it 's usually too late . 
  the fact that you do n't realize how empty and ridiculous this threat is is hilarious . 
  here , i 'll play along : `` no please eesti , very important and relevant country with a lot of pull in europe , please do n't redirect that massive failure of a resettlement program to help only greece , we stand to lose so badly if you do !, 
   have you actually looked into trump 's picks for his government ? 
  yes , and i urge you to come to your point instead of continuing with the innuendo and suggestive questions i imagine would otherwise come . 
   things are certainly looking worse for the uk than they did a year ago when good news for the post-brexit uk economy come up , it 's because brexit did n't happen yet . 
  when they 're bad news , it 's because of brexit . 
  give me a holler when uk unemployment starts rising and gdp falling . 
   and trump has n't taken over yet anyway but there are still plenty of issues with corruption and conflict of interest so says the glorious msm in all its bountiful honesty and lack of bias . 
  i mean if cnn and msnbc say trump is corrupt and going to be impeached , that about seals it right ? 
  no , they are not . 
  crimea is gone and we do n't give a shit about ukraine except insofar as punishing putin over it reassures eastern nato members . 
  we should drop the charade and do not just what 's sensible but also far less expensive . 
  good . 
  i hope we keep blocking everything that can be blocked which costs us and does n't further our immediate interests . 
  after all most the rest of the eu is doing the same with policies that cost them and benefit us , and after a couple of decades of playing nice it 's clear that it 's not working , so it 's time to cut our losses . 
   but they ** understand ** the point of the sanctions . 
  2016 is truly the year when we stopped having discussions and we started exclusively arguing on the basis of `` the truth is settled , if you do n't agree you 're stupid/partisan '' . 
  the `` point '' of the sanctions seems to waste a lot of money in assuring the eastern states we 'll back them up in case of russian aggression . 
  i say let 's deploy european troops there , so as to guarantee that any invasion in the east becomes automatically a war against the whole of nato , and be done with it ( spoiler alert : we 've done this already ) . 
   the ports the boats leave from are unsafe . 
  did 4700 + migrants die in port this year ? 
  then the point is moot . 
   arguing for something you do n't like to hear does n't make it disinformation . 
  why is it always the first resort of people who are proven factually wrong to yell `` you just do n't like what i have to say '' ? 
   they would most likely ( i ca n't know that for sure , just like you ca n't be certain of the opposite ) continue to practice it even if all rescue ships would disappear overnight , hoping to hold out over the rescuers in a twisted game of russian roulette resulting in hundreds of deaths . 
   we are infinitely more humane than that to even think about risking that . 
  we are inhumane in enabling and assisting this sickening traffic , and it has to stop . 
  boats must be returned to their ports , forcibly if need be , and ngos setting out to assist in people 's smuggling must be stopped . 
   they are maximizing profits by giving them the cheapest boats . 
  they do n't care about their chances to survival this is simply ignorant . 
  you 're all over this thread spreading this sort of disinformation . 
  the truth is that smugglers used to try and reach land ; years ago , when most of europe was not interested in watching , italian evening news had regular reports on yet another wave of landings in lampedusa , our southernmost island . 
  smugglers are now using cheaper boats because they 've learned they can use sea rescue as a safe , free ferry for most of the trip . 
  they count on putting migrants in danger and thus drawing in rescue ships , they actually give them phones to call in rescuers and coordinate with ngos on where the boats will meet . 
  i ca n't even remember the last time they actually even attempted to reach italy . 
   your naivety is cute . 
  your callousness is the opposite of cute . 
  over 4700 people drowned needlessly in the mediterranean , or suffucated in panicked stampedes aboard their overcrowded boats , because we provide a huge incentive for them to attempt this crossing . 
  `` but it 's only 2.7 % '' is weighing their horrible deaths as an acceptable cost to enable the migration of others , which is callous beyond belief . 
  and for the record , less than 10 % of those who apply for asylum here qualify . 
  these are nearly all economic migrants . 
  they are not providing humanitarian aid in an area controlled by armed groups , they are coordinating with people smugglers to pick up migrants right outside of the libyan coastal waters limit and ferry them to italy . 
  if they were providing humanitarian aid they 'd take people to the nearest safe ports , which are all in tunisia . 
  this is their methodology article : https://gefira.org/en/2016/12/04/ngos-are-smuggling-immigrants-into-europe-on-an-industrial-scale/ the data is public navigational and ship registry data , which you can double check yourself . 
   they ca n't go into libya and tunisia has just about zero obligations to accept or let them in . 
  tunisia is a full party to the refugee convention so it has just as much of an obligation as italy . 
  ngos do n't take migrants to tunisia , despite it being much much closer , because they have an ideological commitment to open borders and the migrants want to reach europe , not tunisia . 
   ` help save their lives ' - yeah , and in the meanwhile in the meanwhile we 're at 4700 + dead just for 2016 . 
  good job `` saving lives '' assholes , you 're the reason why they undertake the crossing in the first place . 
   so when do the the undead appear ? 
  after the referendum we have a lot of zombies in parliament already . 
  not to piss in your corn flakes but bosnia of all places is n't exactly a shining example of peaceful religious cohabitation , unless your memory somehow skipped the 90s . 
  less than 10 % of those that apply in italy qualify for asylum , so no the value proposition is economic immigration . 
  i had an inkling you 'd say something like that . 
  stop being an attack dog who thinks a discussion over a contentious topic must be a fight . 
   give me an argument that is actually defensible wrap what part of your brain remains free of self-righteous fury around the idea that i simply asked a question , and that any further implication is born of your desire to have a go at `` the anti-abortion crowd '' . 
  the debate is poisoned precisely because i only asked a question , but you already decided which position it implicated and that you needed to attack me over it . 
  you literally ca n't talk about abortion without this shit happening . 
  i 100 % expected someone to go `` but it 's cosmetic '' instead of sticking to the point . 
  this is a poisoned debate . 
  recovering trillion in tax base is the opposite of damaging and , like i said , germany and france will gladly take over your port function . 
  these people jam-pack boats well past capacity , purely because every migrant they get on is that much more money they put in their pocket . 
  they treat people like cattle , literally . 
  not even cattle , cattle must be kept well fed and happy if it is to fetch a good price , traffickers beat and starve people into submission regularly . 
   a record of more than 4,700 migrants and refugees have been killed attempting to reach europe so far this year and that 's because we make that an attractive value-proposition . 
  we make it attractive to migrants , who know they wo n't be expelled if they manage to make it here , and we make it attractive to smugglers who make an absolute killing over this . 
   wow great argument . 
  `` i do n't like your opinion , so let 's kick your country out of the eu . '', 
  i do n't see why we should n't cut tax havens out of our financial system . 
  it 's only sensible . 
   most countries and people complaining about the position of the netherlands and the dutch government do n't look at how they can solve the `` problem '' by themselves . 
  why should we ? 
  you 're a tax haven , the solution is simply preventing you from damaging us . 
  i mean , why is it our problem that you want to leech off of our economies ? 
  you chose the `` not my problem '' moral standard , these are the consequences . 
  out out out !, 
  i can imagine . 
  i was merely stressing the point that / u/bigbramel 's flippancy is ill-advised for a country that depends on trade with its neighbors so heavily . 
   are all other medical procedures free/reimbursed ? 
  i do n't know about the french system but i doubt they reimburse all elective medical procedures , for example i doubt you can charge a nose job to their nhs . 
  how is it the problem of europe that the netherlands wants to be a leech on the system ? 
  we should kick you out of the common market , so we can both only care about our own problems . 
  i 'm sure german and french ports will be perfectly happy to expand and take over your traffic . 
   it does , those countries can reform their tax system . 
  always the same line from redditors from the tax heavens : `` it 's your own fault that we knowingly leech off of you , you should do a better job stopping us ! '', 
  the truth of the matter is that national legislation can only go so far within the common market : eu-wide rules are needed , and eu tax heavens are in the frontline to oppose them . 
   parts of the voter base . 
  the article says 80 % of the party agrees with marion on this . 
   what i do n't get in millenials who rediscover christian values is their incessant need to push them onto others . 
  i 'm sure this will be controversial but how is asking to repeal full state funding of abortion , which has existed only since 2013 , `` pushing values onto others '' ? 
   no problem with using the navy for helping people in need . 
  i definitely have a problem with my country 's navy being used to aid in human trafficking . 
  you misunderstand me : i encourage the norther league to return to its secessionist roots . 
  secessionists have pretended to be nationalists for too long , and in so doing have sucked the life out of the movement . 
  it 's time for you to rediscover your pride and your honesty , and let someone else take charge of the country while you fight your doomed battle to break it in two . 
  i think that 's a fair request . 
   its an artificial state with no nation identity i do n't think you know what you 're talking about .
