   and lots of wealth difference between is parts not exactly unheard of in other countries . 
   hell , in countries such as spain you have kingdoms such as castilla become the core of them , prusia in germany the kingdom of sardinia in italy . 
  much the same way you ca n't use semantic tricks to evade the law in other cases : if the constitutional court understood the question of a referendum to be deceptively posed , it would strike it down . 
  not so long as we vote for the same parties , or new parties with the same power structures , as those who produced the current mess . 
  which , before i get accused of it , is not an invitation to vote m5s . 
   i do n't even have problems with racial slurs and jokes , i 'm actually for freedom of expression , but what you do is libel `` i 'm for freedom of expression , but if you attack my party that 's libel ! '', 
   ln official position is irrelevant , you are intellectually dishonest honestly this reads like parody , if it is it 's pretty spot on . 
   if the north want to leave the country , and you are the one that block it but the north does n't want to leave the country . 
  secessionists never came close to a majority in the north , let alone gathering support for actual secession . 
  and that 's exactly the problem : your party ca n't even get a majority where it 's supposed to be strongest , yet still occupies valuable political real estate , preventing the birth of a true mainstream nationalist movement . 
  the northern league simply needs to die and be replaced by something better than recycled secessionists . 
   ln never been a supremacy movement you might be so ashamed of your past that you repress the memory of the racial slur your friends hurled at half the country , but the rest of us have n't forgotten . 
   they want to leave italy , they are for independence oh , but i thought officially they did n't ? 
  they 're a nationalist party now , are they not ? 
  see , this is exactly why the ln is the worst thing that could have happened to the italian right . 
  instead of a genuine nationalist party , we have this bunch of secessionist clowns who ca n't decide whether they want to promote the interests of the country or split it in two . 
  even now , when they should be skewering the italian left over the disaster of the renzi government , they 're busy pushing a special status for veneto and lombardy . 
  but again : these are ideological preferences . 
  your economic interests align with having a currency made weak not by devaluation ( which would cost you inflation , the great bane of the german public conscious ) but by being tied to weaker economies . 
  i understand you 'd love the sense of surety of a strong currency , but the incredible advantages of the euro as it exists will always win out in practice , as they have for close to two decades now . 
  so , having said that : are you sure you want to be so cavalier about what ill-fate would await italy out of the euro ? 
  we 'd collapse the currency if we left it . 
  the economic equilibrium of europe would be shattered and it 's an equilibrium which has germany firmly entrenched at the top . 
  art . 
  art . 
  art . 
  referenda are not permitted on international treaties , consultative or otherwise . 
  they could pass a law enacting a consultative referendum and it would be challenged and struck down . 
  the only way is a constitutional law to create a one-time exception , which has been done for other things already . 
   claiming that we are only having a surplus due to it however is nonsense . 
  claiming that that 's what i said is nonsense , you mean . 
   we are quite fine with a little less competitiveness in exchange for a harder currency . 
  again you 're conceding the point : your economy likes the euro just the way it is , but you have ideological reasons for wanting it stronger . 
   you know that germany ran significant export surpluses before the euro ? 
  you 're conceding the point : germany 's current huge surplus is a product of the euro . 
   you know that the euro is valued much too low for our liking ? 
  it 's valued much too low for your ideological committment to having a strong currency . 
  your economy definitely likes the undervaluing of the euro . 
  this is not a bad article as anglophone media goes , but it still fails to capture an essential thing : - the ln is not remotely close to victory and has half the country hating it due to its northern supremacist past ( and , in good part , present ) - the m5s * might * win a majority ( if we go to vote with a majority-rule law ) , it * might * decide to try for a euro referendum , but even * if * they decided to do it , they 'd need to get a constitutional reform law passed to enable this particular referendum , and * then * they 'd need to shift opinions in the country to an anti-euro stance, 
  actually , experts have been decrying the euro as a badly designed currency since before its incenption . 
   you kept devaluing for decades and the end result is an economy that only works as long as you keep devaluing . 
  it 's a nice meme and it was popular for decades , but the data does n't really back it up . 
  italy 's big problem started with stagnating productivity in the mid 1990s , devaluation had very little to do with it . 
  how do you think germany will fare when the currency enabling your huge export imbalance crumbles , on the other hand ? 
  i would stash the attitude , it served the opposite of your goal with brexit and it would do worse in this case . 
   none of the problems italy has was caused by the euro . 
  come on . 
  some of the problems italy has are definitely caused by the euro . 
  having an overvalued currency definitely hinders us . 
  that 's not so say it 's the biggest of our problems , but this zealot attitude towards the euro only contributes to anti-euro sentiment . 
  a long-foreseen choice . 
  gentiloni is a safe man for a transition - experienced , not ambitious ( or has n't shown himself so , at any rate ) , reasonably well-known and trusted abroad . 
  here 's hoping that we can carry through to the constitutional court 's verdict on the electoral law , then get a decent one and go to the polls . 
  this is now the third government that rules without any clear indication from the electorate of what is wanted , it 's clearly time to consult italy . 
  `` babbo '' does n't mean `` daddy '' , it means `` dad '' lol . 
  `` daddy christmas '' sounds like some gangsta rap . 
   it is very legal to hang around international waters looking for people that might drown . 
  it is very illegal to systematically station oneself at the embarcation points of migrants with the knowing intent of facilitating their trafficking into europe . 
  or , if it is n't in the local jurisdiction , it should be . 
   many of those welfare recipients work and contribute to society . 
  [ citation needed ]  even just by using welfare money to buy groceries it means the moneys circulate within the country . 
  the german government could have easily made the same investment without adding improductive residents . 
  it would have enriched germany far more . 
   they have committed relatively few crimes when you take into account the circumstances and change they have to deal with . 
  what circumstances and change make you rape women , beat homosexuals and persecute religious minorities who have the misfortune of sharing their accomodation with you ? 
  they 've also framed it in a deceptive way . 
  the numbers that are falling are those of * new * refugees , but the total of refugees is still increasing . 
  which , on top of not being what most of these people do , is not the crime in question . 
  human trafficking is what ngos are complicit in . 
   yeah but taking people aboard your boat and taking them to the closest authorities is not . 
  that 's immaterial . 
  if you are aiding in the commission of a crime even by an act that is itself legal , you 're guilty . 
  expecting something and agreeing with it are two separate concepts . 
  it 's the independent , clickbait is the normal rather than the exception . 
  i 'm half-expecting news subreddits to start banning it , at this rate ; it 's terrible how much more often its coverage is misleading , than not . 
  that being said , it is still a rather striking result . 
  so her non-racist proposals becomes racist because most people breaking the law are non-white ? 
  do you not see the insanity of thinking like that ? 
  no crime which is predominantly committed by a certain ethnicity could be prosecuted if we considered doing that ` racist ' . 
   you are responsible to save people drowning . 
  you are not responsible to hang out precisely at the limit of libyan coastal waters and coordinate by telephone with smugglers . 
   i highly doubt what they do is illegal human trafficking is definitely illega , as is complicity in it . 
  that they do n't share in the proceeds is immaterial . 
   fascists are the frist to get rid of free speech authoritarians are the first to get rid of free speech , unless we want to pretend that communist regimes have been any better . 
  the idea that free speech should be limited so that people do n't elect politicians you do n't like is hardcore authoritarian . 
   was hungary able and willing to register them ? 
  if not , it was the only possibility . 
  evidently not . 
  they could have been blocked at the border , and if necessary help could have been sent to help hungary reinforce its border and handle what illegals had already crossed into it . 
  at * that * stage the bulk of the migrants had yet to set off for europe : stopping these ones dead in their tracks would have created a momentary logistical problem , but prevented a much worse one in the long term . 
   i 'm still not sure what constitutes this gate-opening in your opinion . 
  you sure you 're not sure ? 
  i thought i explained it quite explicitly :  i doubt you did n't understand , but just in case : no , what i 'm saying is that they refused to block passage to a known , specific set of people whom the authorities knew had no right to enter austria and germany . 
  this entire discussion seems to revolve around diversionary and dilatory tactics , anything to talk about semantics and supposed misunderstandings instead of the core of the matter . 
  so i 'll ask directly : do you think the austrian chancellor and merkel made the right choice when they decided to let through and onwards the migrants that had set off from budapest ? 
   you acknowledge that 's the best remaining option i have already this exact same argument with another use , see my response to him . 
  in brief : definitely not . 
   so i do n't see how it can be called opening the gates . 
  so your problem is with the use of a very common and easily understood figure of speech ? 
  great , i 'm glad we resolved it .
