   this is true , but how many people actually follow those debates ? 
  not everyone has the time , the patience , or simply cares enough to listen to hours of debates and reach an informed opinion on the subject . 
  that 's true in all countries though . 
  we have had high turnout , plenty of quality discussion ... at the end of the day we 're not perfect , but this was better than average . 
   italy : renzi out  ... the left needs a wakeup . 
  renzi is hated by the left . 
  the hard left considers him berlusconi 2.0 , the left side of his party barely better than that , and in general he 's been very much a centrist , not unlike hollande . 
   politicians are a product of society . 
  if they are bad is the fault of society this is an idealistic view of democracy . 
  in reality , the elites produces the ruling class and the masses at best vote which member of the ruling class they prefer . 
  it 's exceptionally rare for a genuine `` man of the people '' to become relevant . 
  even grillo is a millionaire . 
  he has a majority in both houses that never failed him . 
  he passed * this constitutional reform * in both houses , * twice * . 
  he passed a major labour market reform and a major school reform in both houses . 
  a bicameral legislature is the least of our problems . 
   instead , since the foundation of the regions in the 70s , they created endless opportunity for corruption and never did anything to stop it . 
  and yet the biggest items of rampant corruption were before . 
  the cathedrals in the desert ? 
  rampant clientelism ( hope that word exists in english ) ? 
  all a product of the post-war boom and the tacit dc deal to win the votes of the south with public money  it 's not about quantity , it 's about quality . 
  hey , that 's my argument !, 
   i 'm not italian , i do n't live in italy and have never lived in italy . 
  as a result , i do n't have a side in italian politics . 
  so what gives you the arrogance to tell us we must `` learn '' to vote according to your enlightened standards ? 
   politicians come into existence when ordinary citizens join a party and spend their time fighting for the ideas they believe in . 
  uh , maybe in your country . 
  in mine they are mostly coopted from the upper-middle-class to the upper-class , educated people who lived a life generally pretty different from the `` ordinary citizen '' . 
  renzi was the son of a wealthy enterpreneur . 
  i 'm emphasizing the arrogance , not the grammar . 
  the idea that people should `` learn '' to vote a certain way , because there 's an obviously correct answer that this guy knows and we do n't . 
  funny how you 're the one reasoning by labels ( `` hurr durr if you use the word mainstram clearly your stupid '' ) but you think you 're the smart cultured person fighting against populism . 
  with several dozen debates including all the major leaders , constitutional scholars , journalists , common men and everyone else ? 
   they had the option to make it more effective . 
  lol , every smart person on both sides of this vote that i know has concluded that the worth or not of this reform hang by a thread and was a matter of preference . 
  but clearly you know what is objectively best right ? 
   it was a reform to cut down the size of government to speed legislation through . 
  on the one hand it would have allowed renzi to get through legislation to kick start the economy . 
  on the other the five star party could have won in an election and forced italy to leave the eu . 
  holy biased batman . 
  our parliament is as fast as the european average , renzi passed plenty of big reforms and failed to get growth going , maybe the problem is that his reforms were shit and not that they were n't passed quick enough ? 
  that 's not how it works though . 
  they 'd have to pass another constitutional reform before being able to call for another referendum . 
   he 's right though , is n't he ? 
  that it 's what i said ? 
  he made a ridiculous strawman , and i wo n't waste time with it , too busy celebrating . 
  turnout 's historically high for a referendum actually . 
  those were specifically not touched . 
   that 's literally what you said  he should stick to the classical italian pm line of doing some funny goofy things and leaving the country as he found it . 
  bye now , not wasting time playing this game . 
   because the present set up has delivered 63 governments in 70 years can we go beyond the shock value and look at the efficacy of those governments ? 
  because italy has n't been in decline for 70 years you know . 
   because laws get bogged down in parliament for a couple of decades false , we produce more laws faster than the european average . 
   because in the 22 years after you first elected berlusconi , ** you have n't learnt ** to vote the opposite way to him . 
  in 22 years you have n't learned that acting superior is not the way you get people on your side . 
  about an order of magnitude more r&d investment and a procedural overhaul of the justice system ( notice i said procedural ) . 
  would you mind not following me around the discussion trying to paint my positions as some absurd strawman ? 
  thank you . 
  the fact that mainstream political parties are expressed by an enterpreneurial and cultural elite that has no vision of the national interest whatsoever and has torn the country apiece over their pet issues . 
   super informative , no one lying about matteo becoming a dictator . 
  so if someone spews bullshit then the entire debate is condemned ? 
  try looking at brexit for a comparison . 
  i 'm counting my blessings . 
  the system is ineffective for reasons that have nothing to do with the referendum . 
  because he 's overly ambitious and pretty all-around arrogant . 
  we just had a major vote after an actually informative campaign full of debate , i do n't know how that proves we are non-functional . 
   well times changed a bit since then . 
  they 've fought repeatedly . 
  they 've also systematically ran together . 
   but then again , we are talking 10-15 % . 
  unless they enter into a coalition with m5s they wo n't be decisive . 
  it 's 15 % , not 10-15 , and they 'll enter into a coalition with the ln as they always have . 
  they have more votes and more national appeal than it does , and in any right-wing coalition government they 'll be decisive . 
   you are grouping fi and ncd together . 
  no , i 'm grouping fi and an together , as they 've done since the dawn of both parties . 
  only in the chamber of deputies , the senate would no longer vote for confidence in the government . 
   but by polling at around 10 % http://www.termometropolitico.it/media/2016/11/sondaggi-movimento-5-stelle-emg-29_11-700x438.jpg this says 15,2 % . 
   they 're not such a relevant political force anymore . 
  the `` far right '' polls at 13 % , it 's not getting anywhere close to government outside of a right-wing coalition . 
   the xenophobe far right , populists , and a minority of the center left is behind the no . 
  did you omit to mention that the virtual entirety of the center-right is also behind the `` no '' on purpose , or did you just decide that anyone right-of-center falls with the `` xenophobe far-right '' and `` populists '' ? 
  either way this is an appalling mischaracterization . 
   but the general impression i get from out media is that this is a proxy vote on the eu because anglophone media has been more horrible than usual . 
  no , it is absolutely , categorically not a proxy vote on the eu . 
  it is not even a tertiary topic in the discussion of this referendum . 
  i do n't know in which strong terms to put it that here , nobody is talking about the eu and this referendum . 
   and that a no will signal basically a repeat brexit just a little dialled back . 
  there are no political parties that are even potentially close to winning an election that want to leave the eu . 
  not even the northern league . 
  my bad then , sorry / u/teh _ sauce_guy, 
   then why the media panic over the referendum ? 
  because thoughtful analysis , which is always laden with uncertainty and doubt , sells less than cocksure fear-mongering : `` world to end if the wrong side wins '' is a better headline than `` representativeness vs governability : italy before and after its constitutional reform '' , if you want to sell . 
   what are the arguments of the no camp ( in a nutshell ) ? 
  it 's a large and complex reform , it 's difficult to summarize the arguments in brief . 
  in extreme , possibly excessive brief : the system becomes too unbalanced towards central government decision-making , leaving both parliament and local authorities as either footnotes or rubber-stampers . 
  this has the advantage of making the government more able to enact its will , but the disadvantage of making it easier for a government that does n't actually have the support of 50 % + of the population to act against their wishes . 
   given how trump and brexit went stop . 
  this has nothing to do with either . 
  god i hate this line of thinking , it seems that foreign media has gone in overdrive with this narrative . 
   renzi wants to cut down costs by making the senate smaller our general state accountancy estimates at $ 57 million a year savings - it was a talking point , but not the main reason for the reform .
