yeah man , they are huge . 
  kangals are fucking sick , my uncle has one . 
  so what exactly is the relation between his comment and erdogan ? 
  fuck the pkk , fuck them so hard . 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  what ? 
  the pkk has targeted civilians many times . 
  trump is that you ? 
  you 're talking like the pkk is otherwise a group of angels who do nothing wrong . 
  can confirm . 
  i have many `` muslim '' friends who are actually not muslim at all , just like me . 
  we just ca n't say or show it because the consequences are not worth it . 
  i live in the netherlands btw . 
  `` turkey and ukraine violate russian wind '', 
  topkek . 
  this is a nice gesture from both countries , bulgaria should keep inviting turkey each year . 
  do n't do drugs kids . 
  and there are also more then enough turks who speak broken turkish at best . 
  implying there 's that much of a difference between the two . 
  i saw the video , pretty brutal . 
  you did it again , it 's actually you who would be a good politician . 
  why do you evade my question ? 
  i 've seen you post pkk propaganda comments , while i 've never spread `` milli gorus '' ( i do n't even know what that means ) jihadi propaganda . 
  when did i spread jihadi propaganda ? 
  lmao, 
  dude you spread pkk propaganda so i ca n't take you serious . 
  what a joke , who 's next ? 
  isis ? 
  when did i ever say that every kurd is pkk ? 
  lmao, 
  pkk strikes in turkey and turkey strikes back in both turkey & syria . 
  so yeah , they strike back . 
  just google it , you 'll see . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure some turks on reddit decide that stuff / s, 
  beautiful . 
  the whole idea here is that turkey can use isis against the pkk . 
  this does n't mean that turkey supports isis , the enemy of your enemy does n't have to be your friend . 
  the # 1 priority of turkey is getting rid of the pkk , after that they can always focus on isis . 
  it 's very bad for turkey . 
  unlike the pkk , isis does n't wage a `` war '' in se turkey . 
  if they manage to secure the border the amount of attacks on turkey will increase , turkey should strike at them and secure the border . 
  the pkk are terrorists and should be eradicated . 
  yup . 
  same story here in the netherlands . 
  not really . 
  keep in mind that nato generals are not reddit armchair-generals . 
  yes . 
  turks confirmed super saiyan . 
  can confirm . 
  no , no you see they are progressive , democratic , feminist , pc freedom fighters . 
  yes , i can read & speak turkish . 
  the policemen in south-east turkey are almost exclusively kurds , the pkk has no problem killing kurds just like isis has no problem killing muslims . 
  no , no you see they are progressive , democratic , feminist , pc freedom fighters . 
  it 's a direct result of the pkk operating from those city 's . 
   istanople topkek, 
  because it was a recipe for disaster . 
  topkek, 
  it 's 50/50 . 
  too bad our ancestors missed the kardashians . 
  did i do it right ? 
  best year in my life . 
  you 're acting pretty ignorant tbh . 
  my point is that turkey is in europe . 
  do you have a brain ? 
  maybe because a part of turkey is literally in europe . 
  you took the words right out of my mouth . 
  you 're talking like the turks conquered the city during your lifetime . 
  while in fact it was conquered by the turks in 1453 . 
  can confirm it 's europa in dutch . 
  cocaine is pretty popular in the rave scene though . 
  because turkey has very cold winters with lots of snow and a lot of mountains i guess . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  you took the words right out of my mouth . 
  why is it good ? 
  and fuck you whale !, 
  and fuck you dolphin, 
  do n't do drugs kids . 
  why do you even feel offended ? 
  look at syria and iraq for example , would you call them lovely neighbours ? 
  turks can say the same thing about their neighbours . 
   mongols * triggered *, 
  this comment is so retarded . 
  the `` genocide '' happend under the ottoman empire and ataturk had nothing to do with it . 
  i 'm against erdogan but he got arrested because of his anti-islam tweets , which is not allowed by law in turkey . 
  man are you really this retarded ? 
  there 's a difference between the continent of europe and the european union ( eu ) . 
  turkey is a part of europe and europe is a part of turkey . 
  ever heard of the bosphorus ? 
  it 's where europe and asia meet . 
  how can you be this delusional ? 
  honestly . 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge . 
  tbh reddit lives in it 's own bubble which is not in line with reality . 
  * trump will never get elected * * brexit will never happen *, 
  please tell me more professor . 
  is turkey using greek military bases in greece ? 
  germany should share the intel or leave and start using another base . 
  hypocrite . 
  i 'm sure you say `` turkey supports isis '' too . 
  that is very unprofessional of germany .
