  when the ottomans added the minarets to the hagia sophia, 
  arabic looking mosque , really ? 
  the design of the blue mosque was heavily inspired by the hagia sophia . 
  just look at them , the [ blue mosque ] ( http://travelercorner.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/sultan-ahmed-mosque-photo.jpe ) and the [ hagia sophia ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-m-wa206o7xe/uain4hn_dbi/aaaaaaaafkw/vryk8l6isyu/s1600/hagia_sophia.jpg ), 
  topkek, 
   topkek, 
  there 's posts about georgia and armenia and not a single person saying `` georgia/armenia is not in europe '' . 
  while if you look at a post about turkey there 'll be at least 3 people saying it does n't belong on this sub because '' turkey is not in europe '' . 
  i mean , turkey directly borders the fucking eu and armenia and georgia border turkey on the east . 
  people are just retarded . 
   intelligent discussion  / r/europe pick one, 
  which refers to india in case people do n't know what hindi means . 
  i believe greece was under turkish rule for over 3 centuries . 
  turks do n't deny it , they just do n't call it a genocide . 
  it 's called fruit you leaf . 
  it 's called fruit you burger . 
  istanbul is a huge fucking city with nearly 20 million inhabitants , of course it 's bound to have ghettos . 
  you should visit the old city ( where the hagia sophia etc is located ) . 
  have you even read the comments at the bottom ? 
  it 's not the greatest place on earth but still far from being overrated . 
  it 's really not . 
  it 's only 66 % upvoted , sad people on this sub . 
  welcome to / r/europe, 
  turkey supports them . 
  no i 'm 8 . 
  i second this . 
  his comment is pure ypg propaganda . 
  stopped reading after the first sentence . 
  she 's quite famous so it 's no surprise . 
  thought i was on liveleak for a moment . 
  next time add a tl ; dr please , nobody is going to read that much text . 
  fair enough . 
  islamist attacking a statue of mustafa kemal ataturk . 
  why did you change your comments ? 
  not about giving him ideas , it 's a title he does n't deserve and an insult to actual sultans from the past . 
  what is constantinople ? 
  turkey had huge problems in the 80s ( left vs right violence , an actual coup etc. ), 
  and even that did n't turn into a civil war . 
  not really , pkk is getting their asses whooped . 
  you can be integrated and remain turkish at the same time you cunt . 
  do n't call him sultan . 
   topkek, 
  why did they treat you like shit lol . 
  turkey does n't want it either , this is just politics . 
   your coffee was awful , though gyros , help me remove pizza please . 
  do n't call him sultan please , it 's an insult to the actual sultans from the past . 
  you ca n't tell me what to do !, 
  reported . 
  why is this propaganda ? 
  yeah that 's just bullshit . 
   as usual greeks will be on the right side of history fighting for justice , liberty and freedom lmao . 
  hdp are pkk supporters so fuck them all . 
   christian institute i bet this is n't biased at all . 
  kek . 
  remove gyros !, 
  this same dumb shit every time . 
  that 's very ignorant , why would you even think that ? 
  does 100 % vote for him ? 
  they literally '' study '' the exams and that 's about it . 
  i ca n't blame them though because i do the same with spanish lel . 
  statistics about english speakers in turkey are total bullshit . 
  very few people speak english there . 
  edit : changed `` little '' to `` few '', 
  topkek . 
  education and harm reduction is key . 
  not really . 
  a gram of amphetamine is $ 5 , you can even get xtc for $ 3 a piece here . 
  the same could be said about anti-drugs laws in general . 
  there has been a `` war on drugs '' since the 60s led by the us i believe and it did n't do shit . 
  drugs have never been as popular as they 're today . 
  byzantine empire is not in europe !, 
  nice work by the police , fuck isis . 
  that 's just bullshit , many turks got killed on that island . 
  '' comars '' is a slang used against akp voters , at least know what you 're talking about . 
  you 've got problems . 
  lmao it 's between 3.5 and 4.5 million people now ? 
  the number seems to rise with each passing year . 
  fucking knew it , the shadows are gulenists too . 
  probably a meme in turkey . 
  let 's just import the entire me and africa to europe , as / u/smug-face wishes . 
  we use / r / for subreddits and / u / for users by the way . 
  enver pasa got expelled afaik . 
  why does this comment even have positive upvotes ? 
  when did ataturk do that ? 
  just look at the picture , not a single arab on that boat . 
  so turks have n't killed christians , stop spreading bullshit . 
  tell me where it states that turks have killed christians . 
  when did turks kill christians in syria ? 
  i 've got full blown add and hate it , do not recommend . 
  couple of centuries later . . * surprise motherfucker *, 
  what you just said there is borderline retarded . 
  i 'd rather focus on my dutch citizenship in real-life instead of on reddit . 
  can confirm . 
  my turkish is bad and i was born in the netherlands , i 've got the dutch nationality as well . 
  why should i use any other flair ? 
  i 'm not anti-greek at all , i 'm just trying to counter the anti-turkey people on this sub . 
  and yeah i 've got turkish roots . 
  turkish freight ships , a threat to greece since 2017 . 
  neither of those ships were turkish . 
  so it 's justified to shoot at a freaking freighter according to you ?
