  to use turkish bases to gather intel while not giving the turks any of it . 
  they are both in nato for fuck sake . 
  the turks literally have boots on the ground who are fighting isis . 
  they could use that intel well . 
  it 's really not easy to od on the majority of drugs , especially drugs teens would do . 
  no way all of them died because of drugs . 
  drugs are bad mkay . 
  what a dumb comparison . 
  fatih 1453 best day of my life, 
  it 's what i 've heard . 
  do n't know for sure to be honest . 
  pretty sure it 's from lidl . 
  taking exams in the netherlands is very expensive compared to other countries . 
  i prefer kapatilsin . 
  you tell me they are n't bad and then follow it by explaining why they are indeed bad . 
  i 'm aware of the chp , mhp and hdp . 
  this is better than porn . 
  sounds like turkey . 
  no that would be a fiat panda from the 90 's obviously . 
  topkek . 
  inb4 `` last time i checked turkey was not in europe '' . 
  topkek . 
  man this dumb shit on every thread about turkey . 
  found the greek . 
  that 's because muslims already had to pay tax . 
  yeah everything that sub says about turkey is 100 % true . 
  i always visit that sub for turkish news . 
  i saw the comment that earned you a ban on / r/turkey . 
  you 're disgusting . 
  it 's ok he 's mentally not right . 
  time will tell what ? 
  that it was indeed the most retarded comment of this week ? 
  have a nice day . 
  this is why you do n't do drugs kids . 
  why are you twisting my words ? 
  it 's not about them killing kurds , it 's about them killing pkk terrorists . 
  in response to your edit . 
  the reason turkey had `` no problem '' with isis was because they were fighting against the enemy of turkey . 
  the enemy of your enemy does n't have to be your friend . 
  they just used isis as long as possible . 
   occupation of the south-east most retarded comment i 've read this week , and that says a lot . 
  look the biggest pkk sympathizer of greece is in the house guys . 
  turkey is probably killing more isis fighters through air-strikes than they are , so what 's your point ? 
  fucking cowards . 
  hope they get bombed to oblivion by the turkish air force . 
  thanks pkk sympathizers for the downvotes . 
  i remember akp sending mail to the turks here before the elections . 
  they are not the standard because of the sun in turkey . 
  killed more than 1000 civilians ? 
  so pkk terrorists are civilians according to you . 
  why are you spreading bullshit . 
  police officers in turkey are not trigger happy idiots who like to kill people . 
  topkek . 
   arab spring  turkey pick one . 
  not in turkey . 
  like what exactly ? 
  why is there always at least 1 retard with the same comment on every submission about turkey here ? 
  that 's not how the world works . 
  this is like saying there will be a time when the turks in germany get their own country as well . 
  have you ever been to turkey ? 
  do you know what turkish nationalism is ? 
  it 's insane . 
  they will never get their own country in turkey , the turks in turkey will never allow that to happen . 
  so people should just get their own country because they happen to live somewhere ? 
  that 's so retarded lmao . 
  turkey belongs to the turks . 
  many turks died for that country during ww1 . 
  ok let 's give them a part of your country then ? 
   greenhouses, 
  you should really look up what islamic dictatorship means . 
  just because you think something does n't automatically make it that . 
  turkey is not an islamic dictatorship . 
  post this to / r/historyporn not / r/europe, 
  needs more jpeg, 
  majority of kurds hate the pkk . 
  hope you get killed by isis . 
  unhabited high mountains + wilderness . 
  he was killed after discovering their location . 
  this bridge was contructed by the ottomans in 1557 , during the rule of suleiman the magnificent . 
  what a retarded comment . 
  it 's not just training , many get deployed against the pkk in the east . 
  what ? 
  k\u00f6ksal baba the conqueror, 
  lmao . 
  looks like the black sea area . 
  / r/europe has become / r/worldnews 2.0, 
  turks said they 're descendants of the same people they ruled over for 3 centuries ? 
  when you make things up , make it sound realistic at least . 
  some are , some are not is what i mean . 
  is mainly in asia with a small part in europe . 
  ottoman empire is not in europe hurdurr this does n't belong on this sub !!! 1 !, 
  my job here is done . 
  it 's literally because of their religion . 
  you ca n't compare this to opening some restaurant . 
  istanbul has always been a major european city . 
  yes . 
  it has been over 5 centuries . 
  no you do n't understand , european = being christian according to / r/europe, 
  that 's not how it works . 
   when did minarets became part of european scenery ?
