  is this somalia or europe ? 
  in which imaginary world are the kurds kicking our asses ? 
  the only thing stopping turkey from wiping the ypg out is us presence in syria . 
  the pkk is suffering heavy losses too . 
  pkk is only good at planting a bomb somewhere and ambushing turkish soldiers , or killing civilians with bombs . 
  wewlad such asskicking by the kurds . 
  yesterday they were shitting themselves because turkey acquired the s-400 missile system . 
  * topkek *, 
  if this was done by the turks it would 've been on the frontpage within minutes . 
  hurriyet is reliable and not owned by the state . 
  what 's a reliable source according to you ? 
  nos ? 
  the me would 've been in a much better shape today with those ottoman empire borders . 
  what an idiot . 
  why would you fire these '' warning '' shots directly at the ship ? 
  i 'm glad no one got killed . 
  the north has beautiful mountains but the people there tend to be conservative . 
  west and south turkey is so awesome . 
  what the fuck makes you think that i 'm an erdogan supporter ? 
  i do n't have a source but i doubt erdogan would just shoot down a russian jet on his own , he 's not the potus or something . 
  i do n't know . 
  turkey also has experience from fighting the pkk in both turkey and iraq which does involve many people within the army . 
   implying people in north korea have internet and browse reddit, 
  so i should change my flair despite being born here and having the dutch nationality ? 
  seems legit . 
  bruh the us is directly responsible for the entire mess in the me , including the creation of isis . 
  invading and destroying iraq in the process was a huge mistake . 
  the turkish army is not weak and greece lacks the experience turkey has thanks to the syrian invasion for example . 
   no one in greece actually gives a fuck about what you turks think uhh have you seen this thread ? 
  no you do n't understand turks are barbarians and greeks are angels !!! 111 !, 
  greeks will pretend this video does n't exist and keep pulling the victim card . 
  turkey had no reason to provoke isis at the time . 
  it would 've lead to many more terrorist attacks inside turkey . 
  and at least turkey invaded isis after 2 years , what have the european countries done ? 
  it 's funny how the greeks here are literally shitting themselves while turks could n't care less about greece . 
  greece has to be the most salty country in the entire world . 
  turkey fights both the ypg/pkk and isis in syria , what has greece done against isis ? 
  and why do you think that turkey is somehow obliged to house all of the refugees ? 
  turkey does n't want them either trust me . 
  can this '' turkey supports isis '' bullshit stop already ? 
  it 's fucking disrespectful . 
  turkish soldiers actually fought against isis in syria , not to mention all the people who lost their lives because of terrorist attacks inside turkey . 
   how do you invade with an air defense system ? 
  are we gon na put the s400s on catapults and throw them to greece for bombing purposes ? 
  topkek . 
  pretty sure the decision to shoot down the russian jet came from the nato top . 
  you do realize that both turkey and greece are in nato right ? 
  what kind of retarded comment is this ? 
  why would turkey even invade greece in the first place ? 
  i know but i 'm just sick of people using * ataturk is spinning in his grave right now * every time . 
  literally hitler ^ / s, 
  nice video kid but / r/europe is not the right audience for your videos . 
   implying turkey was a democracy under ataturk, 
  it 's not a new type of xtc , just a new press . 
   '' seyran ates ' vision of a liberal mosque where all muslims can pray together -- women and men , sunni and shiite , straight and gay -- turned into reality friday as dozens of people came together in berlin to inaugurate a new house of prayer . '', 
  this should be the standard for each religion . 
  really hope more do follow this ` liberal ' model . 
  interesting as fuck . 
  you 're still looking at this from the wrong perspective . 
  maybe read about why in\u00f6n\u00fc decided to remain neutral before you comment . 
  and why should turks give their lifes for europe during ww2 , while it was europe ( with the exception of germany ) that invaded the ottoman empire during ww1 ? 
  it 's actually cold at the moment in the netherlands . 
   ethnic cleansing of 2-3 million kurds no it 's obviously 398473298457329485723948579234 billion trillion kurdish genocide, 
  i do n't need that link . 
  why did the pkk stockpile and plant ied 's in the cities during this `` peace process '' ? 
  they used it to drag the conflict from the mountains into the kurdish cities . 
  causing nothing but trouble for the kurdish people living there . 
  thousands of kurds had to be relocated because of the pkk . 
  erdogan did n't break the peace process , the pkk did . 
  i cringe so hard whenever '' they '' mention the kurds . 
  erdogan is literally the best turkish president to date for the kurds . 
  that 's just bullshit , people use erdogan as an excuse to talk shit about turkey . 
  how the fuck do we get an ottoman empire 2.0 with erdogan ? 
  looks beautiful . 
  literally kebab . 
  what kind of retarded comment is this ? 
  lol what . 
  where does it say it sent arms to isis ? 
  [ europe ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/europe_orthographic_caucasus_urals_boundary_%28with_borders%29.svg ) as you can see , edirne is in europe . 
   edirne is literally in europe . 
  could someone fix his brain please ? 
  looks like i 'm safe . 
  this is pretty impressive after the coup , various terrorist attacks and the operations in syria . 
  i hope it stays stable in turkey so the growth can increase . 
  there 's like 20 million people living in that `` small '' part . 
  foreigners telling other foreigners to get out . 
  it 's just a joke . 
  / r/europe where facts get you downvotes . 
  gulen is not a conspiracy lmao . 
  the pkk is worse than isis in turkey . 
  yeah just change the subject after i call you out on your bullshit . 
  no it 's not . 
  this is just like saying the holocaust is very relevant when discussing germany . 
  fyi i do n't support erdogan . 
  gulen is even worse than erdogan , he 's no joke . 
   promotion of totalitarism and genocide lol really ? 
  victim complex once again . 
  i 'm just tired of people like you in every single post about turkey . 
  there 's always `` genocide '' or `` turkey is not in europe '' comments . 
  go somewhere else with your victim complex , it 's simply not relevant here .
