  truth !, 
  i do n't know about you , but bosniaks are n't culturally almost the same as us . 
  not that it matters , we got used to it . 
  that 's not in the spirit of portugese . 
  i have confidence in them . 
  us too . 
  probably just walked away . 
  who would think about a question like this ? 
  you 're south eastern , romania . 
  not eastern . 
  why destroy adriatic when we can just replace croatia with portugal . 
  that would be lovely < 3 . 
  finally a site that has slovene : /, 
  because it 's an outdated division that has been gone for 3 decades . 
  ~ 70 years does not define countries and eliminates the rest of history and present . 
  this is really interesting !, 
  do direct and indirect income in tourism as percentage of gdp . 
  i have holidayed in croatia every year since i was one with my family until a few years ago when a previously secluded beautiful beach started to look like a can of sardines with a bunch of plastic thrown in . 
  who can enjoy something like that ? 
  this is just something we tend to say . 
  there 's also a lot of mixed marriages and a song from the 80 's that goes ` samo milijon nas \u0161e \u017eivi ... na svoji zemljici . ', 
  translation : there 's only a million of us left on our little land . 
  definition of immigrant : one that immigrates : such as a : a person who comes to a country to take up permanent residence, 
  eh , most would n't care , some who are precise , like me , would be [ like this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6sw3wy/if_postsocialist_countries_divided_europe_like/dlg5gew/ ) . 
  part of it yes , part of it no . 
  half of the country is balkan immigrants anyway . 
  they 're also quite a bit more northern . 
  this whole conversation is literally pathetic . 
  i never knew people actually have a phobia of being called eastern . 
   adding the eastern part ? 
  what ? 
   and here you are creating sub-divisions yet again . 
  i honestly ca n't bother with you anymore . 
   you 're not . 
  north-eastern at best since you do n't want to be eastern . 
  so where exactly is any insisting you 're eastern european ? 
   if we 're talking about geographical division here when we 're definitely northern european . 
  to me baltic sea makes a really nice natural division and makes you north eastern , as said before . 
   even then there is no such cultural , geographical , let alone geopolitical sub-division as north eastern ... 
  even if we say it exists as geographical concept it would lay all of north eastern european part of russia , so there is no need for it . 
  do n't make things up . 
  there can be as many divisions as there are cardinal and intercardinal directions . 
  once again , there is no common way to divide continents . 
  i 'm done with this . 
  i do n't know how many times i have to repeat myself that there 's no common way to divide europe for you to grasp it . 
   while insisting that we should be called eastern europe so please , quote me where i insisted you should be called eastern europe . 
  i seriously do n't see how being geographically eastern is implying anything remotely bad that one should fight against so much . 
  i understand you do n't want to be politically associated with ee , who does ? 
  culturally you do share things with belarus but that 's beyond the point since we 're talking about geographical not cultural division here . 
   we share neither with slovenia , so why should we both be in same group ? 
  i have no idea what you 're even talking about . 
  baltics is geographically north western and slovenia is geographically central or southern . 
  how is that a same group ? 
  do n't put words into my mouth , just do n't . 
  i 'm not creating anything , especially not a ` common continental division ' as there is none and i am quite obviously no where near being an authority to do so . 
  stop mixing geographical and political division and go read back my comments on where i put you . 
  and you dared to call me butthurt . 
  it 's pretty clear you want to be called northern because you have ill thoughts about eastern europe . 
  even if it 's just in a geographical way . 
  what ? 
  i 'm doing what ? 
  i do n't know what part of ` no common concept of northern europe ' you do n't understand ... 
  there is no common continental division either . 
  un is not an authority on making concepts like this . 
  every organization can make its own division . 
  no , i 'm not talking about nordics , i 'm not stupid , no need to underestimate anyone . 
  there is no common concept of northern europe . 
  to me it 's a geographical term and baltics is north western or eastern europe . 
  but since you hate being called eastern , i 'll stick with north eastern . 
  that 's a whole other topic though . 
  it 's mostly a thing of a past and it was different than my experience with dutch . 
  dutch superiority comes from ignorance . 
  you 're not . 
  north-eastern at best since you do n't want to be eastern . 
  there 's that nice stretch of sea , called baltic sea , that offers a nice natural separation . 
  i understand estonia claiming to be one a bit , but lithuania and latvia ? 
  nope . 
  christmas markets are a thing in non-germanic countries . 
  what if one had a heart attack and then the other one chocked as a consequence of getting up fast and running to help him ? 
  that is beautiful . 
  nope . 
  why would i be butthurt over this ? 
  it 's the baltics that are butthurt because they 're not considered northern europe . 
  it 's like ` western europeans ' are proud they 're stupid . 
  and then they laugh at americans who at least are eager to learn . 
  they probably think they have self-cleaning properties . 
  yea , no . 
  councils , banks , whatever , is not a division concept . 
  swedes are a bit different though , i never felt patronized by them like i did with dutch . 
  well , there is no right or wrong here , this is just my experience and my perception . 
  someone may feel differently . 
  but in general , when ( western ) europeans laugh at americans for being ignorant , i laugh as well , because in my experience western europeans ( minus a few exceptions , like irish ) are just as ignorant , if not more . 
  with dutch what i often get is condescension . 
  welcome to how ee feels when reading british media . 
  our tivoli was opened in 1813 . 
  wonder if it was named after paris one as well . 
  probably . 
  i 'm talking about feeling superior , not just being proud or whatever . 
  you think feeling superior is fine ? 
  so are we western , southern or a black hole ?
