  and abusive mothers do n't cause asd in kids . 
  so  poland would be the ~ ~ autistic ~ ~ kid that tries to bully others because his mother was abusive before he was taken away by child protective servies . 
  no , yugoslavia was 3rd world . 
  looks like we also got trieste back . 
  nope . 
  which nutella ? 
  you can get polish , german and french nutella . 
  if you can kindly leave slovenia out of that shit would be nice . 
  no one here gives a crap about it . 
  wow , i never thought people could be butthurt because they may not be the tallest . 
   who qualifies for one ? 
  anyone ? 
  only if there are complications ? 
  anyone . 
   how far into a pregnancy is it allowed ? 
  can the limit be extended if the fetus has problems ? 
  up to 10 weeks without any questions asked . 
  you get a referral from your gyno and you need to talk to a social worker . 
  there is no upper limitation for abortion , but after 10 weeks , it needs to be approved by first instance medical commission . 
  if that 's rejected , woman can ask for approval from second instance medical commission in 7 days . 
  it 's approved if abortion poses less risk on life and health of a woman and her future pregnancies than current pregnancy and birth . 
  rules for first six weeks after 10 weeks pregnancy are very lax . 
  anything from socio-economic problems , family problems , psychological problems ...  who pays for it ? 
  covered by insurance . 
   can a husband stop a wife having one ? 
  that would be silly . 
  never heard of such a thing here . 
  everyone owns their own washer/drier . 
  i love the barbican . 
  holy ... that looks like some post apocalyptic shit . 
  i have no idea what slavic fairytales are . 
  \u0160nops  rakija  vlad supersonik whaaaaat is that ? 
  i know you ca n't prevent it without imposing new rules , but allowing things like that to happen would be a straight definition of discrimination . 
   sauce : hihi, 
  it was western western like wild wild west . 
  i am opposed to it unless they also sell fish sticks with the same amount of fish in it . 
  labeling it differently wo n't bring food quality up . 
  people will still buy it because there 're not much other choice . 
  yugoslavia was 3rd world . 
  slavic ... lithuanian ... 
   i just bought a whole chicken for 2.99 was that a pripyat chicken ? 
   they sell us the same products as they do to germans . 
  no they do n't . 
  where did you get that from . 
  milka for ee markets is made in romania and is different . 
  as far as i know , out of slavic languages , slovene is the most similar to sanskrit . 
  every research on this topic has a different top country . 
  i never understood this meme . 
  no one wears this shit here . 
  [ salomon shoes ] ( http://www.bestoutdoorshoesguide.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/s4.jpg ) have been a thing for years though . 
  they 've been popular here for almost a decade . 
  does this count immigration ? 
  that 's the only thing that would make sense for slovenia . 
  can you please link that data ? 
  i do n't believe it one bit . 
  no it 's not . 
  resian dialect is completely different . 
  to the point some do n't even consider it the same language . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xpbfbbhtcq ) is resian . 
  i understand maybe 4 words . 
  it sounds completely different . 
  there 's definitely more than 89 albanians from albania here . 
  have you never had an albanian ice cream or burek ? 
  they 've been here before kosovo became independant . 
  look at all the albanian bakeries . 
  the coast is run by albanians . 
  no , it 's free . 
  both programs come in all tv packages , even in mini and basic . 
   says there are only 89 of them here . 
  well that is just a very obvious blatant lie . 
  can you link that here ? 
   can you explain more about your friends experiances , here or in private mail ? 
  i did n't interrogate her much . 
  let 's just say she has gotten a lot of threats . 
  let 's pretend it 's ` austri\u00eb ' for the sake of my previous comment . 
  they did a blind taste test here on german and bulgarian milka . 
  they both come in the same packaging with the ** exact same labeling and exact same ingredients ** . 
  * german milka is 20g heavier . 
  i assume that 's noticeable on the packaging . 
  * 14/21 testers said german milka tastes better . 
  5 testers did n't notice any difference , 2 preffered bulgarian milka . 
  * they said bulgarian milka is a lot sweeter ( taste of sugar is dominant over everything else ) and does n't melt as well as the german one . 
  * kraft said all their products are same quality , difference in taste is due to ` local preferences ' . 
  * exact same labeling and exact same ingredients  difference in taste is due to ` local preferences ' * --  their labels lie . 
  \u02d8edit : tried to underline text . 
  starts with an a and ends with an a. 
  and it 's not andorra . 
  oh boy , you are up for a big disappointment . 
  another , non ex-yu country is currently also a big problem . 
  a friend of mine who works for social services is at wit 's end dealing with them . 
  i do n't even understand on what basis they 're eligible for social support . 
  yep . 
  most people that immigrate here have no education at all . 
  if they 're lucky they finished elementary school . 
  they just end up on social support . 
  it 's called light pollution and all the normal countries are trying to minimize it . 
  it 's a tradition in cerkno . 
  they do it every year this time . 
  different regions have different traditions and different masks . 
  carnivals are very popular here .
