  their revenue is 16 % of croatian gdp , more than tourism . 
  that is not at all what i said . 
  nice try . 
  because there 's a thing called animal rights that any normal country tries to respect . 
  preventing animal suffering is above providing religious food . 
  if jews do n't want to eat non-kosher food they can still chose to import it for their personal use . 
  this was written in the schengen legislation that was put in action beginning of april . 
  plus registering everyone that left as well ( catching people going to syria for training ... ) . 
  it lasted less than a month beforr eu relaxed the rules . 
  now if the waiting line is longer than 15min , all they have to do is selectively check eu id 's and check everyone elses . 
  might want to tell that to croatia . 
  we had to lax schengen rules because of them . 
  schengen does n't cater to one countries tourism , it caters to all the countries safety . 
  so does slovenia . 
  how do you know he 's black ? 
  he seems like a bit tanner bald white dude to me \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  well , at least we were noticed . 
  those 1 % get a free weekend stay in one of our spas and [ to the rest of the gingers ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/v3owyt0jq6oms/giphy.gif ) . 
  where do you see black people ? 
  you 're not the best either lithuania !, 
  we had 270.000 - 289.000 participants in 2012 . 
  suck iiiit . 
  of course . 
  that does n't make discrimination against others any lesser . 
  sigh . 
  i need to prepare my eye muscles for all the rolling they 'll have to endurel, 
  i 'd like to see their statistics on how many slovenians ever stole their cars or of how many of their cars were stolen in slovenia if this is what they base their bs discriminatory rules on . 
  edit : they do n't allow some of their cars ( mercedes , audi , bmw , land rover , porche , maseratti , jaguar ... ) to enter zone 2 either . 
  it 's exactly the same here . 
  it has caught up 7 years ago and died out 5 years ago . 
  our goulash looks like p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt . 
  why do we call it goulash then ? 
  you should file a complaint . 
  oh wait , you 're not croatia . 
  lol i did n't even know jelin\u010di\u010d was still active . 
  how many members does sns have ? 
  loool their [ website ] ( https://www.sns.si ) even has a category ` zmagovi prebliski ' . 
  we had around 270k people cleaning in 2012 ( or was it 2010 ? ) . 
  now it 's mostly a domain of municipalities and local communities . 
  i 'm sorry but i have honestly no idea what real hungarian goulash looks like . 
  is it like a soup ? 
  it 's quite thick-ish here . 
  eaten with polenta or bread dumplings . 
  i guess it 's kind of like pizza with pineapple . 
  i have never heard of anyone wanting ` greater slovenia ' . 
  in fact , that 's the first time i see those two words together . 
  we had a huge half barn , half hayrack next to our house but it was in a terrible shape so we had to tear it down . 
  we put up a similar but smaller structure we use as a garage and storage for firewood and garden equipment . 
  there 's also a small loft . 
  yea , the simple ones can be found in many countries , i have seen them even in norway . 
  the bigger ones are traditional in slovenia and slovene communities in italy and austria . 
  there 's also some in croatia . 
  in the past they were used for animal food storage and storage for farming equipment . 
  those decorative ones and as car protectors are modern use as people do n't need them for their original purpose anymore . 
  it 's how we bring a little ` slovennes ' to our homes . 
  yea , a lot of people hang themselves from a kozolec : / it 's kind of convenient with all the beams . 
  that is a delicious looking goulash and bread dumplings !, 
  austria knows whats up . 
  australia deports them to small islands ( idk if they still do ) . 
  i think that 's pretty nasty . 
  you ca n't leave even if you wanted to . 
  morocco is a much better idea . 
  if we divide it into east and west , it 's east . 
  it 's like half central , south eastern and north eastern . 
  austria is a spy . 
  i bet they 'll be at the western european summit as well . 
  [ from wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hayrack )  a hayrack ( slovene : kozolec ) is a freestanding vertical drying rack found chiefly in slovenia . 
  hayracks are permanent structures , primarily made of wood , upon which fodder for animals is dried , although their use is not limited to drying hay . 
  other food stuffs such as field maize are dried on them as well . 
  although it is a practical structure , a hayrack is often artistically designed and handcrafted and is regarded by slovenes as a distinctive form of vernacular architecture that marks slovene identity . 
   the hayrack can be found throughout slovenia except in the prekmurje region , eastern styria and the slovenian littoral . 
  about 80 % of all hayracks can be found in slovenia . 
  similar structures can also be found in friuli in italy and in the east tyrol region of austria . 
  in german , it is called harpfe or k\u00f6se . 
   slovenian names for the hayrack include kozolec and kazuc ( colloquial , usually referring to a single straight-line hayrack ) , stog ( commonly found in upper carniola and especially in the area around studor in the bohinj region ) , and toplar . 
  both kozolec and kozuc are probably diminutive forms of kozel ` goat ' , referring to a branching structure used for holding and drying hay or grain . 
  the word stog also refers to a haystack and is derived from common slavic stog\u044a ` stack , heap ' . 
  the word toplar ( or doplar ) is borrowed from austrian german doppler , referring to a double structure in general . 
  i was hoping for a finnish person to offer an explanation . 
   shorts and white converse with me but that 's probably way too canadian / american what 's canadian/american about that ? 
  it 's what we wear here as well . 
  it 's pretty much the same here , plus dorms are ridiculously cheap . 
  i paid 63 $ a month when i lived in one . 
  most students here do go home during the weekends . 
  even those that do n't are n't considered ` moved out ' if their permanent address is with their parents . 
  most do n't even register their dorm or apartment address as a temporary address . 
  our fertility rate has been rising for more than a decade and i do n't think any country in europe has +2,0 fertility rate . 
  france is close . 
  our age structure is not drastically different than other eu countries either . 
  when they get their own apartment , change a permanent address and are completely independent from their parents . 
  drrr . 
  a child at 14 is not an independent person regardless if they do n't live at home during the week . 
  i do n't think anyone here considers living in a dorm or a student apartment while you 're at uni as ` moving out ' . 
  how do they predict this ? 
  our population has been growing for years . 
  i ca n't see a reason why it would drop by 300.000 . 
  this has been discussed before . 
  houses here are built with a purpose one of the kids will stay in the house . 
  lower floor for the parents , upper floor for one of the kids and his/her family . 
  usually there are separate entrances .
