  how exactly do these bimbos know it 's because of her ? 
  how witty . 
  we 're in the same boat . 
  it 's currently 22 \u00b0 c and 89 % humidity at 11:30 pm where i am . 
  we 're getting up to 40 this week . 
  it 's the 4th heat wave this year . 
  i 'm lucky i have ac and well insulated place . 
  i turn on a dehumidifier in the morning and when i cook and cool setting in the evening before bed . 
  do n't project your backwardness onto others :p, 
  is that supposed to be funny ? 
  i do n't know , it 's a random farm . 
  surprise , geography does n't follow borders ... 
  surprise 8 countries share alps . 
  maybe one day there will be a photo of austria that does n't just remind you of switzerland . 
  one day ... 
  there 's also been photos of landscapes austria does n't have . 
  lmao !, 
  plenty of people here do and those who do , usually do n't go on other holidays . 
  it 's not unusual to go to the same spot for 20 + years if you have a house/apartment/caravan somewhere . 
  i 'm looking way too much into this , but this statistics does n't offer any information on how it was gathered . 
  that irks me . 
  i 'll stop now . 
   i think people answering are defining this each in their own way . 
  if it was a questionnaire , i think so too . 
  i remember as a kid we went on holidays to kranjska gora one year and my friends were all `` you did n't go on holidays ? '', 
  because we did n't go to the coast . 
  but what if you have a house or a caravan and you do n't pay anything ? 
  what about visiting a relative ? 
  we have camps for kids whose parents ca n't afford to take them on holidays . 
  they 're provided either by municipalities or associations . 
  most schools also have social funds for ` school in nature ' trips for those who ca n't afford to pay . 
   or any other orientation the countries highlighted on the map are those who presumably confirmed they accept trans people . 
  the title of this post is wrong , i reported it , but off course mods here are not very good . 
  our government confirmed in an interview they accept trans people as well . 
  there are no laws against it and it would be against the equality law not to . 
  i do n't know why anyone should even need to declare it internationally or however this map got data . 
  this post is just completely wrong . 
  they can always use local roads if they 're so cheap they ca n't pay for a sticker . 
  swiss sticker costs 38 $ whether you stay there for a day or 365 days . 
  it 's not . 
  7 day vignette is easy to remove . 
  it tears , yes , that 's the purpose , but it 's still easy to get it off . 
  the one that lasts a year is difficult to remove . 
  what ? 
  those short term stay ones are very easy to remove . 
  year long ones are a pain in the ass . 
  you 're supposed to pull the film off and stick them to your windshield ... they 're stickers , not paper . 
  there are instructions on the back . 
  you 're lucky you did n't get stopped . 
  dear lord, 
  well my geography teacher always said that we are as cold and closed as northern people ... 
  you are not a good boy . 
  yes , he was n't disagreeing with you . 
  just adding to your point . 
  what exact influence do canada and australia have on us ? 
  it 's not the last primeval forest . 
  it 's the largest one . 
  there 's quite a few other forests . 
  i believe the dogs our sighthound associations bring are already a tad bit socialized and they offer a lot of help with settling a dog into a new home . 
  but of course , majority of a burden is on a new owner . 
  currently my family is definitely not fit to adopt one , especially the spanish ones as we live in the countryside with a lot of wildlife and no fence . 
  long story short , countries with external borders are fucked when situations no one predicted when rules were written happen . 
  i think in extreme cases like this , those rules should not be valid . 
  i think his point is there 's nothing weird with giving a city or a country a different name because original names are sometimes hard to pronounce in some languages . 
  why is it showing minority languages in some countries but not in others ? 
  that makes a lot more sense than just ` machine could not fit through the door ' . 
  i 'm not making a point , and i never said that 's what charlie used . 
  i was trying to understand why they could n't move him . 
  no one provided any detailed answers apart from ` they could n't fit the machine ' . 
  my laic mind ca n't understand that . 
  googling ` medical ventilator ' shows me machines that can fit through practically every door . 
  again , i 'm not saying charlie used one of those , but i 'd appreciate someone telling me what kind he did . 
  not that it matters , but it would explain things i 'm confused about . 
  what ? 
  i know what the this court thing was about . 
  i never questioned that . 
  i questioned your description of how things happened , which was bs and spreading false information . 
   the slovenian ( and croatian ) police could have but the fingerprints into the database ( as would have been their obligation ) , but they did not . 
  it 's kind of obvious to me why they did not , but i fear that the most probable reason for that would anger you again , so i wo n't talk about this anymore either . 
  you are full of bs . 
  i will tell you again , our police took fingerprints . 
  countries prior to ours did n't . 
  therefore there was no common database to check the fingerprints in . 
  edit : there you go , i checked , neither slovene nor austrian police were allowed to save fingerprints . 
  eurodac says the fingerprints of illegal immigrants should be taken and saved on the external eu border . 
  fingerprints inside the eu borders are saved only if they ask for asylum in an x country . 
  when our police took fingerprints to check them in the database , there was nothing there but as a non-extrernal eu country , they were n't allowed to enter them into the system . 
  neither was your police . 
  seeds ? 
  well his parents did raise more than a million pounds ... 
  [ this ] ( https://www.google.si/search?q=cpap+system+hospital&amp;client=opera&amp;hs=ee2&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjar_t14k3vahwbwhqkhek3dtaq_auicigb&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=658 ) is how big it is . 
  unless they have some gygantinc system or his parents door is teeny tiny , i 'm not buying that . 
  they could also use the one intended for transportation . 
  though i 'm not sure if that 's possible or not in his case . 
  someone from a medical field could explain this situation . 
  he may have had other systems connected to him , transporting that would be a matter of logistics , not size . 
  that makes more sense than the other answer though the machine is not that big . 
  but the logistics of moving it is * probably what prevented it . 
  because it has gone beyond uk ? 
  i do n't think it 's that difficult to understand .
