  he 's a pretty cool guy . 
   i 've spent 2 weeks over trvoblje how are your lungs ? 
  [ bosnian nose ] ( http://www.story.hr/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/branko-duric-duro-e1446559477276.jpg ) . 
  they need it to inhale all those lovely burek and \u010cevapi smells . 
  holy crap , [ miss yougoslavia ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/78/de/6c/78de6c4965b1cc8ccbf60d7a27920e75.jpg ) looks like [ zala \u0110uri\u0107 ] ( http://kvak.napovednik.com/pic/b/_555a356d287df.jpg ) . 
  it 's a high fashion model pic durrr . 
  she was advanced . 
  weird . 
  i thought it will be a much higher percentage here . 
  but we do win in tractors per capita and we 're second in tractors per arable land after iceland . 
  that 's something . 
   with greater ability to produce wealth . 
  huh ? 
  all our professional farmers are rich . 
  in that case it should be something like 50 % for slovenia . 
  i do n't remember the title of the book . 
  it was on the shores of dunabe and it was called something like sclavenia and was raided by pannonian avars . 
  i 'm not very knowledgeble on this , this is pretty much all i remember . 
  holy moly !, 
  that 's impressive !, 
  no , definitely not . 
  there 's some idiots who will say it and mean it , also present on this subreddit ( he 's quite known here as a major idiot so ignore him if you ever see him say anything ) . 
  but normal sane population is past that . 
  it 's more like a joke nowadays . 
  i think you should rather sell it to chinese , the last time i was there , every second shop was a chinese shop . 
  i have also heard a lot of bosnians/serbs ( i ca n't tell a difference between those ` languages ' ) . 
  i love trieste , it 's such a beautiful city , i wish italy paid more attention to it . 
  i guess it must be true :p, 
  i have heard of camp menina but i had no idea it was there . 
  interesting , my friend never mentioned it . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  what are you drinking ? 
  first mention of slovenia ( as of land that belongs to slovenia today ) in slovene dates back to 1578 . 
  first mention of slovenia as a land where slovenes lived , not necessarily on the land that is slovenia today , is from around year 550 . 
  holy crap i have a friend in varpolje ? 
  why there ? 
  it 's ... um ... not even a village . 
  love you back !, 
  huh ? 
  who wants to be italian ? 
  that 's a first time i hear that . 
  trieste had the biggest slovene population , that 's why . 
  but that was still only around 30 % of trieste population . 
  i 'm more surprised no one wants graz back . 
  that was our cultural capital . 
  even politically it was more important for us than ljubljana . 
  that 's a good thought . 
  so they 're kind of manipulating . 
  because obviously they 'd have to go through croatian or italian waters . 
  which idk , probably brings other issues . 
  you have proven yourself you know shit . 
  i do n't have to prove anything . 
  refuse to argue with who ? 
  never said anything about that . 
  no , i have never been in a debate club if that 's what you 're trying to imply . 
  and i still do n't know what that has to do with anything . 
  debating is a skill . 
  some have it , some do n't . 
  you do n't seem to have much of it either . 
  they do n't want us to have direct access to international seas because koper is the biggest and most important port in the region and rijeka is trailing behind . 
  no one here thinks we work hard . 
  no , it proves nothing . 
  the only way to prove someone ` knows shit ' is by him himself proving he knows shit by ridiculous and uneducated statements . 
  unwillingness to debate only proves someone is unwilling to debate . 
  nothing else . 
  the reason for it is unknown . 
  on the other hand you proved * you * know shit with your clearly uneducated claims . 
  like who ? 
  i have never heard a single one say that . 
  no i 'm definitely not . 
  not really sure what this has to do with not wanting to debate with someone who knows shit about culture . 
  first explain what balkan culture is . 
  there is no such thing at all . 
  how exactly is bosnian muslim culture similar to slovene or croatian catholic culture ? 
  are you dense ? 
  what are similarities between greek and slovene , croatian , serbian ... cultures ? 
  balkan is a ** peninsula ** , it 's a geographical term and yes , part or slovenia is on balkan peninsula . 
  that 's completely opposite of here . 
  we trust nothing and no one . 
  i was gon na say people . 
  so yes . 
  i agree . 
  some under hungary , some under austria and some under italy . 
   south slavic cultural group ? 
  the fuck is that ? 
  why do n't you leave this things to people with some common sense . 
  ca n't you see he 's a troll ? 
  there is no such thing as balkan culture anyway . 
  balkan peninsula is probably the most culturally diverse region in europe . 
  hence the wars . 
  this map makes no sense . 
  no , we 're not . 
  the heck is balkani ? 
  we have nothing in common with most of those countries . 
  looks like we 're the same now greece , even though we have 0 cultural ties in reality . 
  this is just pure wrong . 
  wtf is balkan culture ? 
  and what exactly do we have in common with macedonia , greece , romania , bulgaria , albania , kosovo ? 
  edit : slovenia should be divided into 3 areas and definitely not grouped together with before mentioned countries . 
  like who even comes up with something like this ?
