  in bosnia or slovenia ? 
  bosnia could be yes . 
  they have mao\u010da , which is well known as a recruitment point for isis militants . 
  probably every salafi in the region has been there visiting bilal bosni\u0107 . 
  he 's been arrested a few months ago . 
  i ca n't really speak for what 's going on in bosnia though . 
  bosnians in slovenia are pretty secular . 
  majority women do n't even wear scarves , let alone burqas or niqabs . 
  we have a small community of salafis in ljubljana and jesenice . 
  there has been some connection with isis but nothing in the scale of what 's going on elsewhere . 
  1 guy is serving time in italy for recruiting isis militants , 1 guy died fighting in syria and 1 guy fought in syria and was caught having a bunch of weapons at home and is probably being watched or awaiting trial or something . 
  it 's 46 !, 
  hahahaha look at croatia having no sea !!, 
  naah . 
  bosnians are pretty fine . 
  we do have a small salafi community but nothing as major as that . 
  and then there was portugal . 
  not really . 
  that 's because she 's slovenian as well . 
  wow , did n't know about that . 
   i also think drivers are very good here , like in germany . 
  really ? 
  from my experience english are apeshit crazy drivers . 
  really ?? 
  what did they do ? 
  jesus f. christ ... are you ok ? 
  yes please !!, 
  i love sikhs . 
  i wish we had more than one in the whole country . 
  they 're such fun and nice people . 
  the problem is that a lot of countries allow them to ` abuse ' the system . 
  well it 's not even abuse when it 's totally legal . 
  that 's not a welfare problem , it 's an immigration system problem . 
  but i guess you need more than 2 brain cells to understand that . 
  it 's not a welfare problem . 
  it 's a problem of too liberal migration politics and pc throughout the years . 
  i have been saying for years , people who just moved to a country , even people from other eu and european countries , should not be eligible for welfare for at least 5 years ( more if they 're unemployed ) . 
  you should n't be moving somewhere to abuse their welfare and tax system . 
  period . 
  it 's not much we can do now except to curb immigration and toughen outer border security checks to prevent people going to and returning from syria and other training grounds . 
  refugees should be dispersed throughout the country not stuffed into refugees centers and homes or city centers with already large immigrant population . 
  they should be placed into small local communities to enable faster integration . 
  that 's how i see it , do n't know if this would work . 
  smetana ? 
  you mean cream ? 
  why would that explain things ? 
  we do n't eat much processed food here except for processed meat product like ham . 
  so do we and so are we yet look at our score . 
  we also do n't have fast food restaurants . 
  we only have mcdonalds and one burger king . 
  there are proportionally much less low skilled muslim immigrants in the us than in europe . 
  it 's much harder for them to move to the us than here . 
  even the motives of moving to the us are different than moving to europe . 
  they know they 'll need to get a job in the us , but they know they can rely on social benefits in europe . 
  therefore they do n't form communities like they do in europe . 
  they live among the rest , while in europe , especially older muslim population does n't have much friends outside of their own muslim community ( generalization * ) . 
  moving to the us forces them to integrate much more . 
  demographics of muslims in the us is completely different . 
  same as demographics of mexicans in europe is different to mexicans in the us . 
  it 's not comparable at all . 
  your username means roma_himself ... 
  you definitely can recognise them by how they look . 
  idk about gypsies in austria but gypsies here wear the same clothes as everyone else ( except for old women , they wear long skirts and sandals with socks and head scarves ) yet you can easily tell them from the rest . 
  lol , bye austria , you got to go . 
  erdo says so . 
  they get around 3000 $ of social benefits per month here , yet they still go around stealing copper rain gutters and machinery like lawn mowers . 
  they all drive nice cars and have the newest mobile phones though . 
  my city has even given them a big house with land for free just to move them away from the kindergarten because their trash burning on weekly basis was a danger to kids playing outside . 
  what do you think other eu countries do n't have compulsory elementary education or what ? 
  i 'm not talking about this map , i 'm talking in general . 
  it 's pretty clear definitions of moving out are very different across europe . 
  also this map does not provide enough info about the questions and methods taken . 
   estonia has a large group of very recent immigrants , who are very different . 
   so do we . 
  who said we have russians ? 
  russians are not the only people who migrated in large numbers . 
  the way estonians constantly bitch , you 'd think they 're the only country with a large number or immigrants . 
  so do we . 
  a bit less than estonia but still over 10 % . 
  so what ? 
  they 're our responsibility , we educate them . 
  most countries in europe have migrants which reflects on statistics . 
  wind draft will kill you !, 
  it 's the same address , people do n't bother registering as separate households as it makes no difference . 
  the only people you have to be afraid of here is your own family . 
  and a ------- workers fixing your house in dire need of 500 $ . 
  slovenia confirmed non-existent . 
  you get government support here unless your parents are well off . 
  but if nothing else , you 're still morally supported by your parents and usually return back home over the weekends . 
  parents here have to support you until you 're 26 if you 're full time studying and they also get child support until then . 
  you people do n't seem to understand that houses here are multifamily houses . 
  most of the times it means there are separate apartments with separate entrances . 
  you do n't share rooms . 
  there are no privacy issues . 
  it 's two different households but the same house/address . 
  it 's not because you ca n't afford moving out but because you will one day inherit that house and there 's already an apartment waiting for you . 
  most of the times the upper floor of the house is left untouched so that the child who will stay in the house can furnish it how they want it . 
  if there were rooms up there prior , it usually goes through a complete renovation . 
  you get a higher stipend , scholarship or whatever for living away here as well . 
  i think +80 $ or something like that on top of everything else you get .
