   no educated woman would chose abortion as a primary way to prevent having a baby . 
  who 's even talking about primary way to prevent having a baby ? 
  we 're talking about accidents . 
  they do happen you know ? 
   pulling out that 's sets it . 
  no point talking to someone who lacks common sense . 
  idk what 's there to elaborate . 
  the fact that you ca n't accept that cultural differences and history can contribute to higher numbers of abortion . 
  the fact that you think abortion will ` damage their body ' ? 
  as with almost every medical procedure , of course , there are risks . 
  but abortion in 21st century * is * very safe . 
  pregnancy and delivery of a baby probably carries a lot more risks . 
  idk , i 'm not a doctor , so someone correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  so how exactly are they damaging their body with abortion but not with delivering a baby ? 
  it 's not up to you to decide who 's sane and who 's not . 
  we have professionals for that . 
  this is so good . 
  sooo good . 
  it 's true . 
  i think you 're the one showing lack of intellect here . 
  this is weird data , we are n't getting depopulated , our population is growing . 
  we had a population of less than 2m a decade ago . 
  i already told you what the case is . 
  and no , lack of education or lack of contraceptives is not the only cause of high abortion rates . 
  who takes numbeo seriously ? 
  idk where you live if you think abortions in women 30 + are lack of education in 2017 . 
  i can guarantee that 's not the case here . 
  naah . 
  not here . 
  abortion has been legal here since 1952 or somewhere around that . 
  it 's just that it 's so widely accepted . 
  majority of women having an abortion are 30 + ( 52 % ) . 
  average age of a woman having an abortion is 31 . 
  percentage of underage women is only 4,6 % . 
  in slovenia it fell from around 20 % to around 10 % . 
  so it kind of is dramatically different . 
  what ? 
  that would only be an answer if majority of abortions were made among underage females . 
  or do you expect adult women to be abstinent until they 're financially and psychologically ready to have a child ? 
  obviously i do n't . 
  do n't try to put words in my mouth . 
  but pregnancy and adoption is a completely different thing . 
  during those 9 months there is a ` natural ' bonding going on with the pregnant lady and a baby . 
  i hope i do n't have to explain any further . 
  do n't mind him . 
  he 's a shitposter on our subreddit . 
  always posting this sort of sh * t. 
   and for the extreme cases , there 's still adoption . 
  so many couples want a baby , but ca n't have one for biological reasons . 
  i do n't think you 're a woman , neither am i and i do n't want to draw any conclusions here but i think many women are not prepared to go through pregnancy and then adoption . 
  it 's not an easy thing . 
  and it 's not on us to tell them what 's right and wrong in their situation . 
  percentage of abortions in slovenia in 2010 was 19 % . 
  8 % of those were after 10 weeks of pregnancy which has to be allowed by a commission . 
  in 2014 it was 11,11 % and in 2015 - 9,8 % . 
  we do n't have any ` conservative attitudes ' towards contraception and this map shows our abortion rate is pretty damn high . 
  seat 61 needs an update then !, 
  i do n't think there 's a direct train from moscow to pyongyang . 
  [ these guys ] ( http://vienna-pyongyang.blogspot.si/ ) travelled from vienna to pyongyang in 2008 with stops in between and it took them 13 days . 
  edit : * correction * . 
  there ** is ** a direct train moscow - pyongyang , twice a month . 
  it ' takes 9 days . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.seat61.com/northkorea.htm ), 
  thanks . 
  i wondered what that was . 
  it 's around 6 days from moscow to beijing on a trans-manchurian or trans-mongolian route . 
  and then 6 hours from beijing to dandong with a bullet train . 
  same shit recently : / i would prefer for us to be more neutral though , with that i agree . 
  but i do n't care if we send 5 soldiers on holidays to latvia . 
  i want colorado . 
  they have mountains and caves and a good wine culture and a lot of microbreweries which we also have a lot of . 
  that is all i care . 
  we already have some sort of a partnership . 
  yea , it 's certainly not talked about it enough to mark it as an ` unpopular plan ' . 
  i do n't know where he got that from . 
  comments on 24ur ? 
  majority do n't think about it at all . 
  it 's the same as sending them to kosovo . 
  no one cares . 
  latvia also sent us police officers end of 2015 when we had swarms of refugees . 
  you 're 7.936.000 ahead of us . 
  there was a pagan shrine on the island before the church . 
  idk if it was nazis , but someone also planned to build a bridge over the lake to the island . 
  i 'm sure you 'll have a great time . 
  if you 'll be there with a car , go over vr\u0161i\u010d pass to so\u010da valley . 
  it 's gorgeous . 
  there are also buses that go over vr\u0161i\u010d but you better take medicine for nausea . 
  \u017di\u010dka kartuzija has been gaining in popularity . 
  weddings there are spectacular . 
  sorry , i have no idea . 
  i tried to find the source but could n't . 
  if google is right , they had 20cm of snow on jan 13th . 
  4000 violins at one place ? 
  what kind of violins are this ? 
  55 $ a piece ( if we only count violins ) . 
  when i was a kid and played a violin it would cost my parents around 1500 $ for a basic violin if there was n't an option to rent one at music school . 
  it took the guy we visited 1 month to make one . 
  let 's just pay a fine and be done with it . 
  it 's a consequence of not having financial means to take care of them . 
  as long as there 's enough money to take care of people , population growth is not a bad thing .
