  huh ? 
  i do n't think i follow . 
  estonian is a nationality and people of estonia belong to a finnic ethnic group . 
  there 's no such thing as estonian ethnicity in my book . 
  i ca n't find anything about estonian as ethnicity on google either . 
  because slav is an ethnicity and estonian is a nationality ? 
  i mean , have you seen [ our women ] ( http://www.planet.si/imgs/f/1150x1150/2016/32/0705874shh5.jpg ) ? 
  i would n't dare touch them . 
  dibs on cornish pastry and shetland sheep wool !, 
  and i 'm calling dibs in latvia 's name for jersey royal potatoes . 
  it 's the same for 1st , 2nd and even 3rd generation of immigrants in slovenia . 
  though living in apartment blocks is n't considered shitty here . 
  some people , even well off people , prefer to live this way . 
  i 've driven some smaller roads in the west and central and it 's either comparable quality or vice versa of what you 're saying . 
  you have obviously never travelled graz - maribor . 
  austrian highways are way worse . 
  civil unions are pretty much equal to marriage here . 
  but i really do n't know how these things work . 
  my cousin and her partner are n't married nor registered as a union , have 2 kids , live together but have different permanent addresses and it 's all working fine for them . 
  my cousin is a single mother on paper but in not in reality . 
  they never had any issues with medical treatment for kids or anything else as they 're both listed as parents on birth certificates . 
  the only issue is when kids leave the country with their father since they do n't share his last name . 
  in that case they need an officially stamped confirmation letter that their mother allows them to leave the country with their father . 
  slovenia has around 60 % of ` unmarried families ' . 
  2nd place after estonia , i think . 
  then count in those who are n't married and not even registered as a union ( single families on paper ) but living together . 
  yea , not in slovenia . 
  single parent families get more benefits here . 
  parents do n't marry and they do n't register and on paper live on different addresses when in reality they live together . 
  therefore they qualify for more child benefits . 
  it 's a system abuse . 
  pretty simple . 
  they 're only ` single parent families ' on paper . 
  most people here are n't married . 
  they live together but are n't registered as a union , meaning parents have different permanent addresses which makes it easy to abuse the benefits system . 
  my cousin and her partner have 2 kids together , they 're a very happy family but my cousins address is still at her parents ' house , making her officially a single mother . 
  she gets more child benefits and other benefits ( free school lunch for kids etc. . . ) because of it . 
  if they were registered as a family they would exceed the quota that qualifies them for certain benefits ( free school lunches for example ) for quite a bit . 
  it 's a flawed system we have , everyone knows it , everyone abuses it , everyone still complains about everything , they do nothing about it . 
  we may consider ourselves central europeans but this bimbo journalist and people do n't . 
  everything east of germany , austria and italy is same shit for them . 
  even after 10 weeks it 's very easy to get abortion approved . 
  of course , it gets more difficult further into pregnancy . 
  not married , living together but not registered as a union - different permanent addresses . 
  which gives parents and the kids more benefits . 
  stop using a term ` eastern europe ' when describing this shit . 
  it 's pissing me right off . 
  i bet my finger off this ` sophisticated eastern european thieves ' are n't slovene . 
  yet we get thrown into this shitstorm by uneducated stupid journalists and people all the damn time . 
  eu did n't force us to do anything . 
  there were roads with higher priority to be made than that little stretch by the border that 's only used in the summer . 
  the fuck does border police have to do with road construction ? 
  can you make up anything more ridiculous ? 
  never heard of that before . 
  never had problems with them . 
  but dickheads probably do . 
  or maybe it 's croatia implementing the same rules and checking everyone entering their country ? 
  it 's not . 
  since this is a solidarity thing , lighting up monuments in everyone 's flag but yours pretty much feels like they give crap about you . 
  i mean , just look at the downvotes . 
  and i do n't think he said anything that would just giving a downvote . 
  of course i do n't have any links for job listings , they do n't stay up for infinity . 
  they remove them once the opening date is over . 
  left does not automatically mean they 're ok with this . 
  idk why people are so obsessed with left and right , the key is in their program not the spectrum they 're on . 
  i would not vote for any of the leading ` right wing ' parties atm . 
  6,8 % of 2.060.000 is 140.080 . 
  there 's around 44.000 slovenes living in eu outside of slovenia . 
  that leaves us with ~ 96.000 of slovenes living outside of eu which is an absurd number . 
  unless they count migration from the late 19 and early 20th century in which case that percentage is way too low , not only for slovenia but for the rest of the countries as well . 
  yep , it 's a pretty shitty reasoning . 
  i 'm not sure about czech republic but their prices are probably around the same as ours and prices in germany are not much higher than prices here . 
  so turn that ` significantly lower ' to ` slightly lower ' . 
  albanians have been here for a while , but their numbers increased significantly in recent years . 
  my girlfriend is a kindergarten teacher and when she was applying for a job , there were job adds that had being able to speak albanian as a bonus requirement . 
  i heard it 's the same in medical field , nurses especially . 
  no shout out to ireland though . 
  pfft !, 
  we 're not trying to put anything over the border . 
  it 's two damn pixels on the border . 
  get over it . 
  this has been posted numerous times . 
  at least for slovenia , the percentage is wrong . 
  please stop recoloring the two green pixels on the border between eu and our flag that are part of our linden leaf . 
  +1 for more sea . 
  hungarians can have our head . 
  istria back to us !, 
  is there a subconscious reason why you cut off our head ? 
  what face ? 
  there 's a few wahhabi/salafi muslims in jesenice . 
  fruit and vegetables looking good on the shelves does n't mean it 's better quality . 
  sure . 
  inland poland has the same temperatures year round as southern croatia . 
  selling b and c quality products , even with labeling them as such , without offering a quality products is just blatant discrimination . 
  ` you 're poor , you do n't deserve better quality . ', 
  i 'm talking about stolac on op 's photo . 
  it 's not the same as the one in your link . 
  that 's not the right stolac . 
  i would put croatia as a bully or as a kid who goes through neighbor 's bag and steals , 
  autistics get bullied , not bully .
