  but that 's not moving out . 
  people here go to universities as well . 
  and some go to high schools far from their home and stay in dorms since they 're 14 . 
  their permanent addresses are still with their parents . 
  it just looks like polenta . 
  i do n't think anyone here would consider sarma anywhere close to a national dish either . 
  \u010cevap\u010di\u010di , sarma , burek ... are just like pizza and pasta . 
  foreign but widely eaten . 
  though sarma to a much lesser extent . 
   and you can also find them in all the east/central europe . 
  that 's not true . 
  they 're considered foreign ( serbian/bosnian ) food here . 
  we do n't have anything similar as a national dish . 
  do n't think hungary , czech r. , poland and slovakia have anything like it either . 
   other kid in hiking gear and ski goggles they 're a lousy copy . 
  at least they try . 
  slovenia - that kids that wears hiking gear to school and has ski goggles print on his face , does everything teacher tells them to do but no one knows they exist . 
  because we are already doing thorough checks on the schengen border with croatia ( by the new legislation ) , having 5 hour long lines and it 's not even summer yet . 
  croatia being butthurt and accusing us of everything they can come up with . 
  then again , i crossed the border with austria multiple times since they started this checks and i always get waived through . 
  the most i had to wait was 3 minutes on saturday . 
  it would be great if they at least made separate lines for eu and non-eu citizens . 
  well yeah , i know that . 
  i want to know how they 're taken care of now . 
  true . 
  all green !, 
  slovenia can into [ west ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/111q6tuqqdtocy/giphy.gif ) . 
  [ some slovenian hicks do to ] ( http://www.drunkard.com/salamander-brandy/ ) . 
  eu privilage . 
  or serbian mafia ... 
  [ win ! ], 
  ( https://media.giphy.com/media/ga2fnpp1kaqni/giphy.gif ), 
  i watched so many documentaries on that and street children back in the day i wonder how those kids , now adolescents and adults are doing now . 
  what ? 
  being prosecuted , sent in jail , beaten ... is a ` disproportional punishment ' for opposing a dictatorship . 
  it 's a pretty common way of colouring eggs . 
  other techniques as well . 
  i 'm pretty sure you use hot wax and scratching in romania as well . 
  same in other countries with slight differences in motifs , colours and other things . 
  i 'm sorry but you have to be really stupid to even consider changing money on the streets . 
  yea , i guess you can kind off assume here that depression does n't get reported and results in suicide . 
  over here depression is not a taboo but the system to help is almost non existent . 
  we have a chronic lack of clinical psychologists and lack of trust in them . 
  especially for kids and youth . 
  well yeah , if they get prosecuted , beaten or whatever for expressing their opposition to a dictatorship about to happen , that would qualify them for a refuge ? 
  i thought saunas are supposed to have those push/pull doors with a rounded door latch , if any latch ? 
  does opposing erdogan qualify you for a political refugee ? 
  what happened to those turkish pilots who asked for asylum in germany ? 
  or was it greece ? 
  or both . 
  glad we do n't have much turks here . 
  but my cousins classmates who are albanian/kosovar/macedonian / bosnian mostly have turkish flags on their social media , not sure what that means . 
  i 'm interested in percentage in bosnia . 
  nice turks and your food , you are welcome here . 
  you sound older . 
  i went to school in the 90 's . 
  lol , i made an [ album ] ( http://imgur.com/a/6nubg ) as well , couple of days ago but forgot to share it . 
  we have never learnt that song in school . 
  the first song we learnt was [ en hrib\u010dek bom kupil ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fspctxkdjt0 ) . 
  lol . 
  i do n't want to break that record . 
  parenting does n't start when a child does something bad . 
  parenting starts when a child is born . 
  had your neighbour ( assuming he has no neuro disorders ) been properly raised since the beginning , there would be no need to throw that slipper . 
   hmm , well i 've encountered people who are spoiled and irresponsible in a situation where they were never corporally punished . 
  in fact , they seem to have zero regard for any negative repercussions . 
  that 's not a result of not getting spanked , it 's a result of bad parenting . 
  this laws do n't really prevent hitting a child on his/her bum at home . 
  at least in slovenia it 's so that social workers can act quicker if there 's obvious physical abuse going on at home . 
  there 's a big difference in yelling `` stop doing that ! '', 
  or yelling `` stop doing that you idiot , why are you so stupid ?! '' . 
  and also in the way it 's yelled . 
  we have a ban . 
  liam . 
  it 's a thing here too . 
  and tian . 
  though tian has been a thing for years . 
  now it 's tjan . 
  it was probably supposed to be pomlad by ivana kobilica . 
  i have never seen that one by grohar . 
  definitely not the most famous one . 
  his most famous is ` sejalec ' . 
  nope , that 's a wrong one for slovenia . 
  it 's pomlad by ivana kobilica , not ivan grohar . 
  i have never seen the one from grohar while the one by i. kobilica is very well known . 
  tbh , i 'm mildly annoyed by improper use of these as well and i 'm not even from the uk . 
  is it really that hard to remember ? 
  he has n't but he has seen those filthy eastern men and mail order brides in hollywood movies . 
  that 's enough to judge , is n't it ? 
  i think it 's about their mongol eyes . 
  you did a bad job , not better clean those crooked yellow teeth of yours before you snooze off . 
  can you make a more stupid generalization than this ? 
  please do try . 
  yep . 
  happiness is a perception . 
  if someone is constantly fed with statistics how happy and great they are , it will show in statistics . 
  same with perceived safety and other similar concepts . 
  if someone tells me ` that street is not safe ' , i will feel less safe than on a street near by regardless of actual safety statistics . 
  i do n't know why my flair is n't visible , because i did set it up : / i tried multiple times and it 's still not visible . 
  sorry : / here is slovenia .
