  but living in a dorm or student apartment is still not considered moving out here . 
  you can register a temporary address but your permanent address is still with your parents . 
  parents here are obliged to support their kids if they continue their education until they 're 26 . 
  northern countries seem to think going away to study is ` moving out ' but over here that 's not considered ` moving out ' at all . 
  your permanent address is still with your parents . 
  that 's not considered moving out here . 
  that 's just considered studying away from home . 
  multifamily houses do n't mean you all sleep in the same room . 
  most of the times there are 2 or more separate apartments with separate entrances . 
  you do n't get paid to study . 
  you get a kind of a stipend ( edit : scholarship or whatever it 's called ) . 
  we get that here too . 
  not much but enough to cover monthly rent for student dorms and you 're still left with some money . 
  how much you get depends on how much your parents earn . 
  if your parents are well off , you do n't get anything . 
  you get extra money for good grades . 
  +30 $ a month for average grade 8-9 and +40 $ for average grade above 9 . 
  you do n't have to return anything unless you fail the year . 
  you also get more money if you change your address to a temporary one . 
  but i think officially you still live at your permanent address ( with your parents ) . 
  you can also get zois stipendy if you 're a good student or a stipendy from a company in your field of work . 
   it feels warmer feels . 
  feels . 
  it 's because of different levels of humidity . 
   every kid gets one once in his or her life . 
  then why is this a post ? 
  is n't it the same in every country ? 
  you get a cycling license in 3rd or 4th grade here . 
  you need to do 1st aid and traffic and road regulations for cyclists , a few practice hours on a bike with your class and finally an exam . 
  it feels warmer when it 's -3 and snowing ( if it 's dry snow ) than when it 's +3 and raining . 
  freshly fallen snow is the best snow . 
  everything looks pretty covered in white and there 's a bit of chaos on the roads , people slow down , the nature is so quiet . 
  and you get that crunch crunch under your feet before they clean the pavements . 
  it 's hella ugly when it starts melting . 
  it 's the same for most europe ... 
  probably not portugal , spain , southern italy and greece . 
  let 's say non-profit housing is a municipality domain ( i 'm not sure , it may be real estate companies , but the city pays subsidies ) . 
  so a city/company owns random apartments throughout the city . 
  they 're random apartments in random buildings . 
  it 's not one building where all the apartments are non-profit . 
  you can also rent a profit apartment and get subsidies if you qualify . 
  this used to be a thing , then it was abolished for a few years but because of a huge shortage of non-profit apartments you can now get subsidies again . 
  edit : i googled a bit . 
  looks like now they also build buildings with all non-profit apartments . 
  this probably changes throughout the years if people buy them by their profit prices . 
  [ example of new ones ] ( http://www.zurnal24.si/to-so-nova-neprofitna-stanovanja-v-ljubljani-clanek-271044 ) . 
  edit2 : after additional googling ... 
  when a new building is built , public housing fund ( run by municipalities ) buys a certain number of apartments from a company that built the building and turns them into non-profit apartments . 
  the rest of apartments are normal profit apartments . 
  they can also build apartments themselves ( as seen in a link in my 1st edit ) or they can buy apartments in already built buildings . 
  we had snow last year april 28th . 
  they even had snow in dalmatia . 
  i also remember snow at the end of may in istria couple years ago . 
  it 's not common but april and beginning of may are unpredictable months and it can get very cold . 
  even down here . 
  public housing here is called non-profit housing . 
   how much does it cost relative to local purchasing power ? 
  cheap . 
  prices depend on a city , size , age of the building , location , if you 're disabled , your economic position ... 
  in general rent is ~ 4 $ per sqm . 
  informative prices for ljubljana : studio apartment 25sqm would be around 85 $ . 
  for a non-public housing , price would be around 350 $ . 
  55sqm around 180 $ . 
  non-public price around 500-600 $ 75sqm around 250 $ . 
  non-public price around 700 $ upwards . 
  you can also get extra subsidies so some people only pay around 50 $ per month . 
  where i used to live ( own apartment ) , all the non-profit apartments got new windows and they renovated their bathrooms for free . 
   is it available for purchase or just renting ? 
  in ljubljana you can buy them for their profit prices . 
  idk about other places . 
   is it easily available ? 
  is there enough offer ? 
  no and no . 
  not nearly enough . 
   who is in charge , the municipality , the regional or central government ? 
  municipality i think . 
  i 'm not sure . 
   how do they look like ? 
  i mean , looks like cheap housing ( commieblocks or similar ) or does it look like a proper design ? 
  we do n't segregare non-profit apartments . 
  in a building with 50 apartments there can be non , 7 , 12 , 35 ... non-profit apartments , the rest are normal profit apartments . 
  we do n't have poor , normal or rich neighbourhoods . 
  non-profit apartments can be in new or old buildings . 
   how does people feel about it ? 
  i mean , is there any social stigma ? 
  do people look down on you because of living there ? 
  no , you do n't know in what kind of a place someone lives unless they tell you/you ask . 
  even then there 's no stigma . 
  my general perception is that if you want a non-profit apartment , you better change your last name to something foreign . 
  that 's reasonable . 
  for non-southern europeans this kind of behaviour is just ridiculous . 
  what 's with all these photos lately ? 
  are you people experiencing weather for the 1st time . 
  it was the exact same situation last year . 
  welp , this confirms it , by ee !, 
  also , the fuck is an evil eye ? 
  why are you so salty ? 
  if it 's not kosher then it 's not allowed to say it is . 
  ca n't you connect the two ? 
  only ?
