  their minds must be blown when they see mountains . 
  only he knows what his intentions were . 
  he was arrested for recruiting new fighters and i guess they found connections to [ bilal bosni\u0107 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bilal_bosni\u0107 ) . 
  he admitted cooperation with extremists . 
  they have no proof he was preparing any sort of an attack . 
  he helped them with a lot of information and contacts , that 's why he only got 3 years and a half . 
  welp , ours has actually fought in syria . 
  he lived [ here ] ( https://www.google.si/maps/place/1219+p%c5%a1ajnovica/@46.2045518,14.7449564,1086m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x4765486941608255:0xb527092aca05085e!8m2!3d46.2042613!4d14.7465684 ) . 
  could n't be a more random place . 
  apparently , he speaks multiple languages and used to spend hours reading books . 
  he took care of his old grandma mostly by himself and worked in a retirement home for some time . 
  he 's a butcher and a very good cook . 
  he never partied much but could spend hours talking about various things . 
  his family is mostly atheistic . 
  he has tons of allergies . 
  after high school he studied in jesenice ( a town with a very high number of bosnian immigrants and a wahhabi community ) . 
  after his girlfriend broke up with him and married someone else , he started hanging out with local wahabbis and converted to islam . 
  he learnt hebrew and later arabic . 
  he left to syria in 2013 and came back with what sounds like ptsd . 
  after he came back he lived with his family for a while but then moved to ljubljana and married a bosnian woman named mirza in a sharia wedding after knowing her for only a month . 
  his brother wrote on his fb page after not attending his wedding : `` i do n't want to be a part of any religious extremety ; muslim , catholic , nazi , left , right ... 
  i rather sit and drink beer and write . 
  at least that 's a harmless , socially acceptable illusion . 
  cheers ! '', 
  he was arrested for recruiting isis fighters in italy , tried and will serve 3 and a half years in a prison in italy . 
  and this was a story of rok \u017davbi . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.kamnik.info/islamist-iz-tuhinjske-doline-od-nesrecne-ljubezni-do-islamske-poroke/ ) edit : he 's a nurse by profession . 
  [ source - interview ] ( http://www.mladina.si/161035/boril-sem-se-za-islam/ ) . 
  he says he was fighting against asad , not for isis . 
  we should have more content like this . 
  is she on a leash ? 
  i 'm pretty sure styrofoam is only used on buildings lower than 22m . 
  at least here . 
  that 's how far most firefighter ladders can reach . 
  polystyrene is flammable and easily ignited . 
  that 's why the upper coat , the facade , needs to be properly done . 
  we use 15-20cm thick mineral wool on buildings higher than 22m . 
   cladding [ errr ] ( https://www.thesun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/nintchdbpict000331685641-e1497516786787.jpg ) i will never be able to trust that word again . 
  even if it 's different , non-flamable materials . 
  saunas are optional , weather is not : /, 
  idk dude , i just posted this . 
  any list like this is subjective . 
  utrecht , the netherlands 3 . 
  amsterdam , the netherlands 4 . 
  strasbourg , france 5 . 
  bordeaux , france 7 . 
  berlin , germany, 
  oh yes , i always dreamed of being cooked alive . 
  pfew !, 
  i was anxious what your reply will be . 
  come back we have more !, 
  at least we have our own language . 
  and i 'll be spending my money in croatia 27th year in a row . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  i do n't understand this weather competition at all ... it 's like something straight out of elementary school . 
  `` my pencil is shorter than yours ! '', 
  serbo-bosnian you sad twerp . 
  and ljubljana what ? 
  says the one speaking serbian . 
  that does n't help . 
  i remember this like it was last week . 
  i also remember halan sukur 's goal against south korea on wc 2002 in 11th second . 
  i remember watching it with a friend and thinking to myself before the whistle that someone 's gon na score real fast . 
  and he did !, 
  the heck is a feast of corpus christi ? 
  i do n't know why any of those would trigger us . 
  i 'm more triggered by lack of research put into us . 
  what 's on slovenia ? 
  france ? 
  what does that have to do with us ? 
  oh really ? 
  how many countries showed any interest to help us when we had up to 12000 people crossing our border every day ? 
  you know who helped ? 
  latvia , hungary , slovakia , czech r. and poland . 
  no help from northern countries , france , belgium , spain , portugal ... far from the eyes , far from the heart . 
  my apartment building has them through balconies on two sides . 
  so 2 fire escape routes . 
  one balcony has a ladder connected to an upper floor and then doors to another balcony which again is connected to a lower floor with a ladder . 
  the problem is , people have stuff on their balconies blocking latches and doors and therefore blocking fire escape route . 
  it 's not a safe option at all . 
  i installed wheels on my cabinets so they 're easy to move off the latch in case of emergency . 
  not here , no . 
  newly built apartments probably do have them . 
  i live in an old one and we do n't have a fire alarm in each apartment . 
  there are fire alarms in all the hallways though . 
  they are renovating our isolation and facade right now and the report says they will check and plan new fire safety and escape plans as well once this is finished . 
  all buildings must have co detectors though . 
  is it normal for people to know their parents blood group ? 
  i do n't even know mine : /, 
  yep , we 're on to something . 
  mesec - month/moon . 
  though ` luna ' is a bit more used for ` moon ' . 
  welp , no wonder we only have 2 . 
  mosquito bites in japan were n't particularly itchy but even if you did n't scratch it turned into a dark red spot that did n't disappear for a few months . 
  i was warned against mosquitoes there and bought ben 's repellent that was supposed to be good but that shit did n't help at all . 
  i was then given a little gel thing to rub it on a bite . 
  where is that ? 
  iceland ? 
  it 's ... a river ? 
  how are the bites though ?
