  no it 's not ? 
  it 's \u010dokoladni \u017eepek . 
  roglji\u010dek is a crescent shaped thing . 
  edit : a croissant would be known as ` francoski roglji\u010dek ( s \u010dokolado ) rather than just ' \u010dokoladni roglji\u010dek ' . 
  \u010cokoladni \u017eepek - chocolate pocket . 
  i have n't notice that one . 
  i buy over the border in austria a lot and the quality is the same . 
  so is the price . 
  when our journalists few years ago contacted companies asking them about using inferior ingredients based on some tests , only kot\u00e1nyi admitted but said they 're ` not inferior , just different edit : because we like our food less peppery '' . 
  something like that . 
  the test showed that kot\u00e1nyi pepper made for ee markets contained a lot less actual pepper than the one sold in we . 
  which makes me itch , because what kind of fillers/by products or whatever do they use instead of pepper ? 
   i 'd assume that the prices for these wares are lower in eastern europe in order to be competitive in a market with lower purchasing power . 
  but they 're not . 
  often times even more expensive . 
  started by russia what ? 
  `` wars and other events since 2003 '' ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  the fact that our politicians offered to host a trump-putin meeting has more to do with them wanting slovenia to be a bridge between east and west and trying to create an international image . 
  we also wanted to mediate ukraine and russia problems and held a bush-trump meeting years ago , they just want to continue that . 
  general public tends to turn more towards russia because of usa foreign policies . 
  russian foreign policies are n't spoken much about here . 
  but in general , people are pretty neutral and go with the wind . 
  there have been wars and other events since 2003 . 
  it would be if it was true . 
  but then again , opinions change over years . 
  if you ca n't read , i did write it 's not a legit source . 
  you 're free to find your own sources , i doubt you 'll find any . 
  where did i slander you ? 
  slander \u02c8sl\u0251\u02d0nd\u0259 / submit nounlaw 1 . the action or crime of making a false spoken statement damaging to a person 's reputation . 
  a written accusation is libel . 
  it would still need to damage your reputation to call it that . 
  nope , that 's not how people see it here . 
  wow . 
  low quality accusations and assumptions . 
  what would we be butthurt over ? 
  who even said we were ? 
  again , they affect us indirectly , because we 're part of nato . 
  whether you agree or not , when you 're part of something it affects you and it does produce stronger opinion . 
  since we 're all in nato , yes , it did . 
  not directly , but yes . 
  usa wars are also mentioned more in the news . 
  so that contributes to opinions . 
  the downvote button is not there to downvote things you do n't agree with , fyi . 
  governments of many countries have made tests on quality of same brand products sold in ee and we . 
  the one made by the slovak association of consumers was the most spoken about , i believe . 
  i ca n't find any other legit sources for these testings either . 
  it does n't mean they do n't exists . 
  all i can find are articles that are n't legit proof imo . 
  and i think most of us agree that 's bs . 
  anyone that ever used both products made for ee and those made for we knows there 's a difference in smell , softness of fabric washed with them , how much they bubble etc. 
  if a consumer notices a difference , that 's enough proof for me that standards of products vary . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , czechs also find polish food of lesser quality ( i have seen people talk about it here on reddit ) . 
  did you make any actual tests on them or do you go by what consumers notice ? 
  edit : [ here 's a quote ] ( http://www.joker.si/mn3njalnik_oldy/lofiversion/index.php/t66615.html ) ( not e legit source ) of what croatian agency found out about ariel made in czech republic for ee market . 
  it 's in slovene though . 
  source : general population using these products . 
  consumer association also does testing on these things , unfortunately their results are only available to subscribers , but word gets around . 
  edit : also might want to note , as i see you use downvote for answers that trigger you , that it 's not the fault of czech r. but the policies these big companies have . 
  yep . 
  pretty paranoid . 
  also , ` trust nothing and no one ' . 
  it 's all trying to kill us , wreak havoc on the world . 
  i 'll also add that the previous us ambassador to slovenia did n't do any favour to our views , low key trying to interfere with our politics . 
  those do n't affect us at all . 
  i 'd say it 's neutral in the sense that most people would probably be undecided between the two . 
  sorry , i did n't know it 's forbidden to chip in other info . 
  a lot of german brand laundry products are made in czech r. edit : eg . 
  ariel , if you 're interested . 
  those working night shifts get + ~ 300 $ extra for working night shifts . 
  still not worth it with the kind of treatment they get . 
  they 'll start importing croatians and bosnians as usual and nothing will change . 
  our government has subsidized renault so much , it 's basically the government that 's paying all the workers . 
  right . 
  funny then , a product i buy here is the same as the one i can buy in albania . 
  the price here is 1 $ in albania 0.50 $ and a superor quality product in austria is priced at 1.02 $ . 
  funny , because a lot of inferior to western ones laundry products are made in czech republic . 
  oh please . 
  that 's their excuse yes . 
  but funnily enough , apparently taste changes conveniently where ` poorer ' countries begin . 
  do n't shit me . 
  someone from \u0160entilj has the same taste as someone in pri\u0161tina 1050km away but different than someone in spielfeld 10km away . 
  yea right . 
  really ? 
  over here it 's local = good but overpriced , foreign = it 's trying to kill us . 
  close to reaching goal 2 % of bdp reach 1,2 % of bdp in next decade ok ... 
  i doubt renault will be there much longer . 
  they have a bad rep. 
  they 're struggling to find 300 ~ ~ people ~ ~ slaves to work there . 
  woooooh !, 
  slovenia big !, 
  and we get my favourite part of s. america !, 
  please give malvinas !, 
  nope , velemesto = metropolis , mesto = city . 
  biathlon is held there every year since idk ... a very long time ... 
  you also have shit tons more rich people that increase that average salary a lot . 
  hungarians know how to ski ? 
   who ` forgot ' to buy ftfy, 
  i wonder what those 10 % consider as ` bad relations ' . 
  do we even have any kind of a relationship ?
