  dividing europe by linguistics , except when we 're actually speaking about language groups , makes no sense . 
  we are fully green , if you can not see . 
  we are fully green . 
  it does n't rhyme though . 
  and thankfully , there was no misunderstanding , i 'm still here . 
  on my travels , of people i met , dutch were for sure on of the most ignorant ones . 
  they really think highly of themselves . 
  that 's just one of the concepts ... 
  that 's horrible and probably one of the reasons more guys do n't go into this profession . 
  my girlfriend said a lot of parents actually express a wish for their kids to be in groups with male teachers . 
  seeing a naked child in kindergarten comes with a job . 
  they have to change their diapers , clean their butts and help with their potty training . 
  sure ? 
  ours just shows all the municipalities not [ administrative units ] ( http://www.upravneenote.gov.si/ ) . 
  my girlfriend is a kindergarten teacher and male teachers are rare . 
  however , they are super popular among head teachers , other teachers and parents because they look at kids from a different perspective ( less emotions ) and if you 're a male kindergarten teacher you are almost guaranteed to get a job immediately . 
  kids love them as well . 
  i feel like male designers are a lot more common than female designers . 
  and male nurses are a normal sight here as well . 
  my dog . 
  how about no ? 
  do we have a disproportional number of municipalities or what the heck is going on with us ? 
  how come slovakia is east ? 
  hungary just sticks out , so makes me think this is not geographical . 
  in that case , part of slovenia could also be southern . 
  no croatia = no problems . 
  sorry , i have been mixing stuff here . 
  the link is for antibiotics . 
  growth hormones have been banned in eu for 2 decades now . 
  doubtful . 
  do n't know if it 's any different in eu . 
  every now and then there are pieces on our tv about hungarian meat in our supermarkets and how badly treated those animals are and how much hormones and other stuff is in their meat . 
  do n't know if those claims are true , so do n't lynch me . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/environment/2015/12/antibiotic-resistance-animals/ ) , antibiotic use in agriculture by country . 
   `` fuck that , fuck you '' hahahahah well i 'm using it like that from now on . 
  nothing i write into google gives me that result . 
  i call this bs . 
  it was [ spanish meat ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2017/07/dutchman-at-centre-of-new-european-horse-meat-scandal/ ) . 
  lmao !, 
  not just likely , just a few weeks ago it was said it was a ducth - spanish thing . 
  i 'm sorry but at first i thought it was a pig screaming . 
  to answer the question . 
  trapping a thief is fine . 
  they did n't have to laugh about it and film it . 
  that woman needs to chill though , but it 's a tactic to appear as a victim and gain sympathies . 
   no , they 're doing it because up until a few days ago the punishment was less than carrying or using a knife . 
  so ... they 're treating the cause by raising the punishement . 
  it 's only a matter of time . 
  the problem is with dutch eggs , not belgian eggs . 
  it 's actually 3 hours and 20 minutes from hodo\u0161 to dragonja and 2 hours and 1 minute from rate\u010de to obre\u017eje . 
  i was wondering the same . 
  i have no idea . 
  i searched for it , but found no info on it . 
  it 's not the same . 
  deep web is everything a normal search engine ca n't find but a website search box can . 
  dark web is a small part of deep web that was hidden on purpose and you ca n't reach by using normal web browsers . 
  deep web is not scary , dark web is . 
  in slovene july is ` mali srpan ' and august is ` veliki srpan ' . 
  january - prosinec ; prosi - ask ( for good harvest ) february - sve\u010dan ; sve\u010da - candle but also icicle ( cold outside ) march - su\u0161ec ; suho - dry ( month when earth is dry ) april - mali traven ; lit . 
  little grass may - veliki traven ; lit . 
  big grass junij - ro\u017enik ; ro\u017ea - flower ( month full of flowers ) september - kimavec ; kimati - to nod ( month when fruit on the trees nods - about to fall off ) oktober - vinotok ; vino - wine , tok - flow ( when wine flows ) november - listopad ; list - leaf , pasti - to fall ( leaves fall of the tress ) december - gruden ; gruda - clump ( soil is in clumps ) there 's even older names from 1466 : prosinic , se\u010dan , su\u0161ec , mali traven , veliki traven , boboucvet , mali serpan , veliki serpan , poberuh , listognoj , kozovperstk ( wtf ? 
  ) , gruden, 
  how do you have such low humidity ? 
  few days ago at 11:30 pm we had something like 25 \u00b0 c at 89 % gumidity . 
  i do n't think venezuela would be a good choice at the moment . 
  [ one of them ] ( http://www.noviglas.eu/vipavski-priimki-2 ) other variations of the last name found in slovenia are furlani and furlani\u010d . 
  furlani is a romance language variation , furlan and furlani\u010d are slavic . 
  this is probably my favourite place in the whole country . 
  craving some \u017eganci and kislo mleko right now . 
  i really need to ask this on r/explainlikeimfive . 
  uk people keep insisting this despite their climate not being neither very cold nor hot . 
  if your house is well insulated it works in both heat and cold . 
  obviously no house can retain a constant temperature without a heating/cooling system despite how it 's made . 
  unless it 's built into the ground . 
  the difference with the us is that they have hvac things in their houses . 
   just one day ( 31 july ) where the temperature passed 25 degrees ha ... 
  this is the 4th heatwave here ( temperatures 30 and higher ) . 
  usually a heatwave lasts 5-7 days . 
  where i am , we use 1-5 , 8 and 10 . 
  6 si known but not really used . 
  7 and 9 i have never heard of . 
  lunch , transportation , afternoon and night shifts , sunday/holiday work , dangerous work ... etc. 
  used to be counted in base salary , they 're add on 's now , for almost 2 years . 
  it 's an europol thing . 
  slovenia has similar , so do other countries . 
  they 're not . 
  some things are cheaper ( mostly store brand names ) but most other things are more expensive . 
  all my sources say furlan ( as in last name , not what people are called ) is of slovene origin . 
  the last name is also a lot more common in slovenia than in italy . 
  origin of the last name , not origin of the word ` friuli ' is slovene . 
  the last name has slovene origins . 
  it 's how people in slovenia identified them back then when last names were starting to become a thing . 
  we also have lah for anyone of italian descent/lived/worked / fought/or traded with italians . 
  what part of ` natural water sources dry ' did n't you understand . 
  that means there 's drught and when there 's drught it would be shitty of people to use city water . 
  even private wells that are usually used to water plants dry out . 
  what else are people supposed to use but rain water or water supplied by firefighters ? 
  it 's only responsible to have a rain water tank somewhere to collect rain . 
  and when you do , some crazy austrian kills it and skins it :( [ warning !, 
  furlan is a slovene last name for anyone of italian , slovene or german origin that lived in friuli and then in slovenia .
