  it was fine v mojem koncu til now . 
  alpsko mleko has lactose free milk , if you can get it there . 
  i 'm pretty sure we do n't have drought here . 
  yes , that 's the one . 
  i remember people under comments on uk media shitting all over romania . 
  who dares to bet they 'll be shitting on dutch now ? 
  i bet no one . 
  the closest to eurosceptic party here is sns and they have no where near 8,6 % support . 
  they 're not even in parliament . 
  i 'm baffled some idiots find this ok . 
  i 'm questioning mod consistency and/or bias . 
  we are rare . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  elephants are considered wild animals , not domesticated . 
  why do some president posts get removed for low content and others do not ? 
  what 's miss macaron doing with melania 's hand ? 
  thats more than.our.population ... 
  how is this allowed ? 
  do n't they have rules against wild animals in circuses ? 
  i do n't know abour ex ussr but it does clarify the result here . 
  i 'm positive if we had neighborhoods like paris does , the result would be worse . 
  quite clearly mentality of people is a factor , so comparing one with the other is pointless . 
  i feel like slight breeze in those temperatures would feel like blowing a hot hair dryer in your face . 
  looking on google , it 's 41 \u00b0 c right now at 6pm with 8 % humidity . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's one of the reasons here . 
  we had a lot of african students during yugoslavia . 
  we also do n't have any bad experience with black people . 
  this looks like a common bread thingy found everywhere over here . 
  also with poppy seeds or sugar . 
  or just plain . 
  i come here for informative topics not memes and jokes about random countries . 
  though they are fine here and there . 
  as far as i know , there are less than 3000 slovenes in the uk . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  but it 's beautiful . 
  i am not defensive , you keep spreading rumors even after i told you it 's not true . 
  you did n't provide any official proof either . 
  ministry of foreign affairs debunked this rumor some time ago on their official twitter account . 
  yes that !, 
  i think i have po\u0160tar-ca now , i used to have sigen-ca through abanka . 
  i think certificate works because i use it with my online banking just finr , the problem is with that signing plugin . 
  and i have windows . 
  i tried on various browsers multiple times , it does n't work at all and their instructions suck . 
  weird . 
  i do n't remember who i emailed , but i did a year ago about how to make certificates to work and no one replied . 
  now imagine old people having to do this . 
  dutch pronounciation = / = english pronounciation . 
  no , we do not . 
  that myth that has been going on for years has been debunked by our ministry of foreign affairs . 
  no need to downvote me if you know shit . 
  and that is not an official website . 
  we have a lot of government services online . 
  you can even change your name online . 
  it 's just that all that certification stuff does n't work . 
  i tried getting a certificate of impunity and could n't get my certificate to work . 
  i emailed them and got no answer at all . 
  i thought it was weird with dates and all but i swear that 's what he said in an interview . 
  or was i dreaming ? 
  i do n't think i could have come up with something like that . 
  there is quite a difference between ` kliton ' and ` clinton ' . 
   slovakia and slovenia seem to have a rather hilarious letter switch once a year no we do n't ... 
  wow , did you really call chezch r. chechia all this time instead of chehia or chekia ? 
  it 's obviously not helpful here . 
  it can be used with homonyms . 
  like ` kl\u00f2p ' - kl\u00f3p, 
  i remember an interview in which he said it 's quite a popular name and comes from bill clinton . 
  we do n't have those letters in our alphabet . 
  kliton is also a thing . 
  cliton , as in bill clinton , is also a thing . 
  they like creating names . 
  albanian mafia , albanian bakeries and they do n't know how to park . 
  i swear i 'm gon na start calling tow trucks on them . 
  it still looks nothing like switzerland or elite parts of european cities . 
  it 's you that 's making this an argument . 
  i just made an informative point that london is not all that humid . 
  humidity varies everywhere , average is taken everywhere , not just london . 
  quite clearly it 's not . 
  hungary , romania , moldova , albania , kosovo . 
  [ this ] ( www.google.si/maps/place/trapchin+dol,+makedonija+ ( njrm ) ) looks nothing like switzerland or any elite part of any european city . 
  what ? 
  jesus christ , you are way overacting over this . 
  i just said london in general is n't humid and explained why not . 
  i have seen it several times , not only on this thread , people claiming that some countries/cities are bad to be at in summer compared to hotter countries/cities because it 's humid , when in reality , it 's not . 
  i 'm sorry , i did n't know you 'll get so upset about this and turn it into an argument . 
  that 's the stupidest map ever seen . 
  it makes no sense . 
   which would be fine if the heat and humidity was uniform across town , but it is not is it in any big city ? 
  nope . 
   meanwhile i 've walked out in my suit jacket in 40 degrees elsewhere and not found it particularly hot . 
  because you were in a dry climate . 
  hot weather does n't automatically mean dry air . 
  usual summer temperatures in japan are 30-35 with humidity over 90 % . 
  some places in southern and south eastern europe have about the same or even higher humidity than london and much higher temperatures . 
  london is not bad at all . 
  not even close . 
  average humidity in london ( edit : in summer ) is just above 60 which is n't bad at all at temp . 
  just above 20 \u00b0 c. 
  hot air holds more water than colder air . 
  60 % humidity at 30 \u00b0 c is a lot more humid than 60 % humidity at 25 \u00b0 c. 
  oh please .
