  that 's hardly believable . 
  why not ? 
  it 's more countries than this map shows . 
  the title of this post is wrong . 
  wikipedia article states :  the 18 countries ** confirmed ** as allowing transgender people to openly serve in their militaries are : argentina , australia , austria , belgium , bolivia , canada , colombia [ not in citation given ] , czech republic , denmark , estonia , finland , france , germany , israel , netherlands , new zealand , norway , spain , sweden and united kingdom . 
  not `` confirming '' , whatever that 's supposed to mean , does n't mean not-allowing it . 
  [ this wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sexual_orientation_and_military_service ) covers majority if not all countries . 
  you 'll see no eu country discriminates . 
  and the fact that they did n't allow him to be transfered home to die is just unbelievable . 
  this went far beyond local . 
  no , they breed sighthound type dogs in spain , ireland and uk , also australia and us . 
  they 're used as race dogs in ireland and uk ( greyhound , lurcher ) and as hunting dogs in spain ( galgo espanol [ ( video - warning ! ) ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qljannyoe3i ) , podenco ibicenco ) . 
  * edit : not sure about australia and us but probably racing . 
  they 're not seen as pets , they live in horrid conditions , are treated horribly and when they 're of no use anymore they get rid of them in horrific ways . 
  people who have these dogs often have dogs of other breeds that are treated like normal family pets . 
  who knows . 
  afaik , they have dogs of other breeds that are well taken care of . 
  they just do n't care about their ` working ' dogs . 
  wrong regarding slovenia as well . 
  wrong . 
  our army is not allowed to ask about religion , ethnicity , sexual or any other orientation . 
  there is no law preventing transgender people employment in slovene armed forces . 
  it 's hard to accept the truth your country mistreats dogs , i guess . 
   nearly the whole world crucified the netherlands i 'm pretty sure that was majority us people . 
  kids here wear all sorts of costumes on shrove tuesday , native americans , africans , japanese ... no one cares . 
  no , really , take maribor . 
  please . 
  i see someone from mb is offended . 
  a lot of people here adopt these dogs from spain and ireland . 
  my dad and i were thinking of adopting one as well , but our current dog is of a jealous type . 
  and my mom would go insane . 
  take maribor please , but leave us alone !, 
  it does matter what happened in between . 
  there 's a big difference between herding people on trains getting them from border to border and with what actually happened . 
  the way you worded it is spreading false information . 
   none of these people 's fingerprints were uploaded to the eurodac database as would have been the obligation of the countries in question ) afair , our police was complaining of lack of common database . 
  if such thing was in demand back then , our police would know . 
  they had nowhere to check if these people were processed in any country prior to ours . 
  our police did take their fingerprints . 
   i.e. 
  when a group of refugees arrived the border of croatia , coming from serbia , the croatian police would put them into a train going to the border of slovenia , unload them , hand them over to the slovenian police and then the same happened again . 
  this is what you said . 
  which is complete bs . 
  they were n't loaded onto trains and transported from border to border , there was a lot of procedures inbetween . 
  what ? 
  no , those that aksed for an asylum were taken to an asylum center in postojna or ljubljana or a temporary center for asylum seekers in logatec . 
  greenest city in the world by what measurement ? 
  what ? 
  eu had no plan whatsoever . 
  they gave no directions . 
  this did n't start when they started going through serbia , croatia , slovenia , austria . 
  it was happening months before when they were crossing hungary . 
  the first time there was an eu wide meeting specifically about this was after our government demanded it after tens of thousands have already crossed hungary and austria to germany . 
  why are you even speaking if you know shit about it ? 
   what happened with those that decided to not ask for asylum ? 
  do you think it is possible they went to another country and asked there ? 
  did austria not do the same and send the rest that did n't ask for asylum to germany ? 
  yes , they did . 
  this is what was decided as eu did n't come up with any other solution at all . 
  you ca n't forcefully detain people . 
   i get that you do n't want to be portrayed as a shuttle service , but i think your reaction is way overblown . 
  no , it 's not . 
  what he wrote is completely false . 
   edit : i found this article from the guardian ( `` police escort refugees through slovenia -- in pictures '' ) , which contains this photo titled : people leave brezice refugee camp in slovenia to board buses as they continue their journey north towards austria and this photo , showing police escorting refugees titled : a group of refugees walks towards austria from a camp in sentilj you really know shit about this situation . 
  those are photos from when croatian police brought refugees to the middle of nowhere , to the green border with slovenia , not to official border crossings , usually in the middle of the night . 
  of course police had to escort them to the centers . 
  do you think they should just let them roam free and let them freeze to death in the middle of winter in the fields or what ? 
  i have seen posters for this in slovenia near kranjska gora . 
  edit : oh , i see it 's a slovenian truck . 
  it 's also filled with a lot of very very bad stuff , bleached and apparently grows in literal shit . 
   hand them over to the slovenian police and then the same happened again . 
  the fuck are you on about ??? 
  i worked in multiple migrant centers in slovenia , including dobova which was an entry point . 
  every migrant got checked , documented , got food , medical help if needed and shelter . 
  every one of them could ask for asylum if they wanted . 
  stop spreading bs . 
   and garlic ( china ?! ), 
  yea ... maybe you should stop . 
  i do n't exactly remember what 's wrong with it but i would n't touch it with metal gloves . 
  no uniforms in slovenia . 
  british international school has uniforms , idk about other international/private schools . 
  edit : looks like that 's the only school with uniforms here . 
  we collected school supplies for kids in slovakia . 
  lmao . 
  the point of the lawsuit is that the whole thing was non transparent and there 's proof of forged documents . 
  even after slovenian side asked for the documents to be presented , which should be available anyways , they did n't show them . 
  most older generations of slovenes in germany do n't speak slovene anymore or they barely speak it . 
  i have quite a few relatives in germany and switzerland that moved there in the 60 's / 70 's and they only gained their knowledge of slovene back a few years after they moved back to slovenia . 
  i still have a difficult time understanding them . 
  their offspring does n't speak it at all . 
  same goes for diaspora in argentina , australia and us . 
  if we count all the migrants since beginning of 20th century , assume they 're still alive and still speak slovene and that our population was 2 million at the beginning of 20th century ( which was not even close , ~ 1.250.000 in 1900 ) , we can come somewhere close to 2.5 million speakers of slovene . 
  realistically , the number is 2.200.000 at best ( edit : scratch that . 
  this is counting all the migrants that currently live here , therefore not native speakers , if speakers at all ) . 
  alps + mediterranean = ` best ' thunderstorms !, 
  konzum has ` lahkoten dan ' which is lactose free . 
  it 's ... just small hail ... 
  you from south east ? 
  heard they have it over there .
