  holy shit . 
  on what grounds was that even allowed to have any people in , yet alone hundreds of students living in it . 
  after is horrible !, 
  do you not have common funds ? 
  these things here are fixed with money apartment owners pay into common funds . 
  we also have janitors , cleaners and management that take care of these things . 
  no , i do n't thin they did . 
  we had no open issues with them . 
   citizens living abroad as a % of domestic population calculated from what year ? 
  7 % for slovenia is around 144.000 . 
  currently the number is around 45.000 but if you count it since after ww1 , it 's more than 144.000 in the us alone . 
  edit : net migration is defnitely off as well . 
  it 's around 0 according to our statistics office . 
  0,2 to be precise . 
  bo\u017ei\u010dek and dedek mraz are n't the same man . 
  bo\u017ei\u010dek gives presents on christmas , dedek mraz on new years day . 
  and sveti nikolaj or miklav\u017e for short on st. nicholas day . 
  the number is still minuscule and does n't affect our national birth rate . 
  maybe in saudi arabia , definitely not here . 
  you 're right , that was the 1st one . 
  we do n't have online voting . 
  majority who voted were old people driven to the polls directly from church . 
  by church ... and their minions . 
  most people do n't care enough about this to go and vote . 
  turnout was low anyway . 
  it was 54 % against , not 63 !, 
  this is pretty bs . 
  they can get a civil union here . 
  civil union and marriage are equal in terms of law here . 
  they ca n't adopt kids , which is shitty , but our laws are definitely better than `` 32 % '' . 
  32 % sounds like they get prosecuted for kissing in public or something . 
  this one will go to the annals . 
  it 's brilliant . 
  a true masterpiece . 
  i do n't know how it is with their food for local consumption , but food they export is of extremely low quality . 
  they use tons of antibiotics in their meat . 
  we are often told to avoid hungarian products , especially meat . 
   jews , muslims , and americans and filipinos . 
   and a lot of those births are from gypsies what ? 
  we do n't even have enough gypsies for their birth rate to be anywhere near significant . 
   \u00d6sterwenien that actually sounds great !, 
  lol the last time i payed for a bus with coins was probably in lj when one ride was still 80 cents . 
  i feel like old people here are more sociable than the young . 
  97kg is a lot . 
  but if we 're talking about someone who lifts , not that much . 
  but then again that 's not obese . 
  so i 'm pretty sure they did n't count it this way because that 's just a completely inacurate way to measure this things . 
   i recommend prague if you want to drown in tourists . 
  that would mean every 4th person is obese . 
  when i walk around that 's definitely not true . 
  unless all the fat people just stay inside . 
  we also do n't have as much super obese people like you see in the uk . 
  if you ever take a look at their english textbooks and workbooks , you 'll know why so little of them speak english . 
  even i could write better ones . 
  and english level of some english teachers is really bad . 
  probably . 
  the whole church covered in that would look silly . 
   yes . 
  no , it did n't . 
  no , they were both built between 1937 and 1938 . 
  a slu\u010dajno pi\u0161e ` church of st. michael , jo\u017ee ple\u010dnik , ** mesto ** ljubljana ? 
   \u010crna vas ( pronounced [ \u02c8t\u0283\u0259\u027ena \u02c8\u028ba\u02d0s ] ; slovene : \u010crna vas ) is a settlement on the right bank of the ljubljanica river , south of the capital ljubljana in central slovenia . 
  ** it belongs to the city municipality of ljubljana . 
  the ones in ljubljana still wag their tail when a virgin walks by . 
  i 'm sorry but jason and the argonauts fought a dragon in ljubljana . 
  that price is definitely not true for slovenia . 
  15gb = 18 $ , 25gb = 21,95 $ / 15,37 $ , 50gb = 31,95 $ / 22,37 $ ... you can also get unlimited data for 20 $ but it 's 4/2 mb/s . 
  maybe it differs from building to building but the place i was staying at had way more things to recycle . 
  they even had boxes for plastic potting pots . 
  tin cans , aluminium cans , bottle caps , pet bottles , glass , paper , carton , electric cords ... just all sorts of stuff . 
  what they do with it after , i do n't know . 
  but why bother recycling if they just burn everything in the end ? 
  they really do bother . 
  they have recycling rooms with shit tons of boxes for different things to throw in . 
  unless you do n't have a heart you will throw it in the right box , it just makes you , that 's how in order it is . 
  if you do n't , someone who comes after you will . 
  ummm , hello ??? 
  we have civic education and ethics class in 7th grade where we mention all the major religions and that 's about it . 
  just be a czech and occupy it for the whole summer . 
  i do n't know if i 'm blind or what , but they look like sheep to me . 
  try harder , bimbo . 
  he seems pretty harmless , i 'll pass . 
  i have never heard of him before . 
  he was on 24ur on the day of elections . 
  i think he was listing a few differences between americans and slovenians . 
  and that 's about it . 
  grammar , you *, 
  they still had voting rights and there were several elections . 
  shit *, 
  i have only seen him in the news once and he did n't explain anything about the elections . 
  flag *, 
  our butt looks squished . 
  i am not clicking those links :(, 
  what i 'm getting from his post is that he 's butt hurt about the results and that he thinks this survey was translated badly into czech and slovak on purpose to show them in bad light . 
  quoting him :  honestly , there is no way this was a mistake . 
  there was a person who made that translation that wanted to get bad results for czechia , it 's as simple as that . 
  next time he wants to make bold claims like that , he better check all the surveys . 
  which is the case with this post . 
  op did n't check all country 's surveys to come to a conclusion that deviation ( from what he thinks would be normal ) in results for czech r. and slovakia were badly worded/translated questions and scales . 
  the problem with op 's post is that he only looked into czech and slovak surveys .
