   especially when you have laws and programs that are being disproportionately enforced, 
  laws should be enforced just as heavily everywhere , of course . 
  higher arrest rates does n't necessarily mean higher levels of enforcement though , if that 's the implication ? 
  and also , higher crime areas will of course attract greater enforcement . 
   or even just out right created to target certain groups, 
  i hope you are n't referring to the voter id laws , which target every single person of every single race . 
  i do n't know if you 're familiar with the phrase `` soft bigotry of low expectations '' , but i think it 's a good way of describing the democrat stance on this issue . 
  i 'm british ( the name sort of gives it away ) , and i think we should absolutely bring in voter id laws over here . 
  at the moment i could claim to be whoever i want , and as long as that person is registered to vote , then i can vote as that person . 
  disregard this if you are referring to other issues though . 
  in which case what laws do you mean ? 
   the first step in mending race relations is to understand how complicated the issues really are . 
  blanket statistics can be used to mean so many things . 
  for example the statistic `` blacks do a disproportionate amount of crime '' can be used say a whole host of thing such as ... black people are addicted to kinder eggs and ca n't stop importing them, 
  there are specific stats though . 
  black americans committed 53 % of murders ( where the race of the offender was known ) in 2015 - source : [ fbi ] ( https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2015/crime-in-the-u.s.-2015/tables/expanded_homicide_data_table_3_murder_offenders_by_age_sex_and_race_2015.xls ) . 
  as you can see on that page , it says 5,620 murders by black americans , compared to 4,636 murders by whites americans . 
  adding the `` other '' race category and calculating the percentage comes out at 53.3 % . 
  for [ 2014 ] ( https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2014/crime-in-the-u.s.-2014/tables/expanded-homicide-data/expanded_homicide_data_table_3_murder_offenders_by_age_sex_and_race_2014.xls ) it 's 53.0 % , and for [ 2013 ] ( https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-2013/offenses-known-to-law-enforcement/expanded-homicide/expanded_homicide_data_table_3_murder_offenders_by_age_sex_and_race_2013.xls ) it 's 53.6 % . 
  of course you may well say `` why are you focusing on this stuff ? '', 
  - because i saw the claims of blm and i wanted to investigate myself . 
  so i read articles , from both liberal and conservative outlets , and i investigated the facts and figures that they referred to . 
  and i realised that while yes , of course there is still racism that happens , i do n't subscribe to the view that more unarmed black people have been killed by police simply because the police are racist ( which is what blm often seems to claim ) . 
  it 's obviously much more complex than that , and higher crime rates are a part of it . 
   each of these is just as ridiculous as the last without more information because that 's how shallow only a couple or few stats are and the fact that everyone who 's qualified to talk on the subject virtually all come to the same conclusion should tell you something, 
  you think that everybody who has looked into this issue has the same opinion on it ? 
  so when liberal and conservative outlets have completely different opinions on this issue ... do you just ignore one side ? 
  i agree that focusing just on a few stats is a shallow analysis , but they can inform a wider understanding of the issue . 
   the truth is you 've probably already made up your mind on the subject and do n't really care at all . 
  i 'm sure all of us have opinions on this issue . 
  i know you might not believe me but my opinion on this matter is n't simply because i 'm a racist arsehole who hates blacks ( cue responses filled with laughter ) . 
  my opinion is formed from my own look into what the facts are around this issue . 
  1 ) i fail to see how he 's being racist , perhaps you could provide some explanation for that claim . 
  2 ) he 's not saying that others are racist so he has to be racist . 
  he 's saying that everybody has racialised everything , so he is now looking at things in racial terms too . 
  the left has emphasised identity politics over the obama presidency - breaking people down into their individual races , and encouraging them to protect their own unique interests . 
  well , what a surprise that whites have decided to do the same thing !, 
  racial equality , surely , should mean just that : equality . 
  the same rules for everybody . 
  agreeing to that is hard enough as it is , but it 's a principle that i think everybody can agree to . 
  and which americans have agreed to in the past . 
  making exceptions to this rule just creates tensions . 
  this is why jon said that he thinks people should stop emphasising the fact that certain groups of people are hyphenated americans , and instead emphasise the fact that everybody is american . 
  i think that 's jon 's point . 
   being racist just gives more ammo to those `` leftists extremists '' ( as you call them , i think they are just retards ) which in turn gives the right wing extremists ammo and justification to be racist , a vicious circle really with retards on both sides . 
  you cant have a rational discussion , people need to sit down and listen to each other and can the hatred . 
  as i am from neither side , there isnt much i can do . 
  but i do n't think jon was being racist . 
  he was n't saying he hates any race , or that he wants them gone from america , or anything even approaching that . 
  he 's making the point that if every race is going to specifically look after their own unique interests - rather than perhaps focusing on the interests of all americans as a whole , or all americans of a particular socio-economic group - then it 's hypocritical to say that white people should n't do this exact same thing . 
   there is a problem when jontron says that we have to keep brown people out of the country to preserve a white majority, 
  he did n't say that . 
  he did n't say everybody has to be kept out . 
  he said that he is open to regulated immigration , but just does n't favour `` mass immigration '' . 
  in my view this is a pretty reasonable stance . 
   the difference between skin colors and physical features is a matter of which genes are expressed in a person , traits which are inherited from the parents which are not exclusive to any particular race . 
  but they are exclusive to particular races . 
  otherwise , like i said , you would n't be able to recognise a black person just by looking at them . 
  africans have different facial structures - particularly subsaharan africans , with wider noses , and more prominent jaws . 
  that 's why it 's possible to recognise an albino african as an african . 
  there are fuzzy lines to the boundaries of different races , sure . 
  somalians look quite different from subsaharan africans . 
  i think they share more dna with middle eastern people , so their faces look more similar to europeans ( skin colour aside ) than the faces of subsaharan africans do . 
  just because each race has fuzzy boundaries , though , does n't mean that race does n't track biological features . 
   literally everything else concerning the common ideas of race are a matter of societal pressures . 
  what influences you 're exposed to determines pretty much every non-physical feature of a person . 
  different races have created different cultures . 
  but the primary thing that is being tracked by the concept of `` race '' is biological features , stemming from one 's ancestry . 
   that 's why it 's generally seen as racist to call a black person `` well-spoken '' in the states , because it 's a way of saying `` you talk like a white person '' as opposed to a comment about eloquence . 
  if what you say about race being purely a social construct were true , then such a person would not be identifiable as black . 
  they would be identifiable only as white , as all of their cultural signifiers ( accent , use of language , and let 's say clothes and every other cultural signifier too ) would belonging to the `` white '' category . 
  but obviously that is n't the case ; visually , you would be able to identify such a person as black , purely because of their biological features . 
   as a counterpoint to your `` i could n't tell what race someone is by looking at a picture if race were a social construct '' nonsense , what race do you consider someone with mixed heritage ? 
  mixed-race . 
   were you to look at a picture of a guy with a black mother and white father would you be able to tell that just by eyeballing it ? 
  yes , it 's usually quite easy to spot mixed-race people i would say . 
  of course , there are some people where it * is n't * that easy to tell what race they are , because they have quite a unique mixture of different ancestries . 
  but again , this does n't mean that race does n't track biological features . 
  it just means that this person has a very unique mixture of genes , from a unique mixture of ancestries from around the world . 
  people who are easily identifiable as belonging to a single race , though , do n't have as much of a mixture . 
  remember that the different races have been separated for thousands of years . 
  the current scientific understanding is that [ all modern humans can trace their ancestry to subsaharan africa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recent_african_origin_of_modern_humans ) , yes - but also the understanding is that today 's europeans ( white people , i guess ) arrived in europe 40,000 years ago . 
  and for most of that time , the european people were separated , by geography , from the humans that continued to live in africa . 
  that 's why we ended up with different features , because of generations and generations of disconnected gene pools , who did n't intermingle , and who were each shaped by their environment ( hence why europeans do n't have dark skin ) . 
   i 'm just saying race is n't the cause of those genetic differences . 
  i would say that race * is * those genetic differences . 
  that is , when we refer to someone as black , we are referring to someone with those features . 
  if this were n't true , then different races would n't be identifiable just by looking at them . 
   in your third paragraph , you get really close to the point . 
  these genetic differences come from where different populations are . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but here 's your picture of it : europe has white people , and they have traits a b and c , because they are white . 
  africa has black people , and they have traits x y and z , because they are black . 
  in a simplistic sense yes . 
  obviously the boundaries of these races can be fuzzy - is somebody from georgia ( the country ) white ? 
  or are they middle eastern ? 
  even in spain , there are people with dark skin , perhaps partly owing to the fact that they were conquered by the islamic umayyad caliphate for a few hundred years , and i 'm guessing many of their people interbred . 
   here 's what i think is going on : living in europe caused the people to develop white skin , and independently develop a b and c. and the same goes for africa . 
  well it depends what a , b and c are . 
  obviously europeans do n't have afro-style hair . 
   race is a genetic variation , not a cause of them .
