  that 's a shame . 
  \\  i make the logically true point that if black culture exists then so does white culture ( that is , if we accept the premise of racial equality ; that all races should be treated equally ), 
  \\  you say `` fucking lol '', 
  \\  you now claim that this is not equivalent to you rubbishing my idea that white culture exists if we accept both that a ) black culture exists , and b ) we should treat all races equally, 
  kek . 
   i 'm not `` conceding '' anything , i know white cultures exists . 
  german , irish , etc. 
  why have you broken it down , when you have n't done the same for black culture ? 
  the equivalent would be saying `` i know that black cultures exist . 
  igbo , zulu , swahili , etc. '', 
  of course there is a reason why black culture is often not broken down like this ; at least , in america . 
  the reason is that blacks in america have intermingled , and many do not consider themselves as part of their old african ethnicities anymore . 
  they just consider themselves as blacks , or african-americans . 
  but why should that logic not then apply to whites , who have also undergone this process of homogenisation ? 
  sure , some whites do specifically celebrate their own unique heritage - irish , german , etc. 
  - but many see themselves just as white . 
  they might see white culture as apple pie , baseball , hamburgers , etc. 
  of course someone might say `` but those things should n't be restricted to white people ! '', 
  - okay , but if the principle of racial equality is to be upheld , then there should n't be certain things that are restricted to just black people either , right ? 
  racial equality is of course a very tricky thing . 
  it 's a principle that americans , eventually , agreed to , by the 1960s . 
  the principle is `` let 's treat everybody the same , no matter their skin colour '' - or , as mlk said , judge a man by the content of his character , rather than the colour of his skin . 
  people obviously have disagreements about when that principle is being applied , or if it 's not being applied ... but in my view , that 's the principle that americans should be trying to stick to , if they are committed to the idea of having a racially integrated society at all . 
  and i would say that * exceptions * to that rule ( e.g. , if you say `` it 's okay for blacks to have black culture , because they 're a minority ; but it 's not okay for whites to have white culture '' ) will inevitably cause friction . 
  just my view really . 
  i did actually . 
  but it is n't . 
  otherwise i would n't be able to identify a black person , or a white person , simply by a photograph of their face . 
  i 'd only be able to identify them by cultural signifiers , like clothes . 
  race tracks biological traits . 
  so you admit that you are unable of having an argument based on upon facts and logic ? 
  just admit it . 
  go on . 
  admit that you 're too stupid to have a rational argument , so you have to resort to name-calling . 
  that is n't an argument . 
  try using facts , reason , and logic . 
   there is a massive jump between `` some genes are associated with crime '' and `` black/asian/mexican people have enough of these genes to be considered unequal or lesser to other races '', 
  you are exactly right . 
  good thing i did n't make that leap then . 
  edit : `` its a possibility '' - exactly . 
  that 's what i said . 
  quote : `` it is certainly possible , then , that the genes that are associated with criminality are more common among a certain race '' . 
  not an argument . 
  please tell me * why * it is n't that easy if you want to make such a claim . 
  race is more than different skin colours though . 
  different races have different hair texture , different facial structure . 
  they can also have a higher prevalence of certain illnesses/genetic conditions , like sickle cell anaemia among africans , and the `` asian flush '' reaction to alcohol , among asians . 
  scientists admit that `` ethnicities '' are a thing ; populations that have been geographically constrained to a certain area , and thus share a common ancestry , and common genes . 
  race , to me , is the same as this , but with a wider catchment area - in this case the catchment area would be an entire continent , encompassing many different ethnicities . 
  so the black/african race refers to those who are descended from the native populations of africa . 
  white/european refers to those who are descended from the native populations of europe . 
  this definition , i think , coheres with the way that we actually use the word `` race '' in real life . 
  as i said ; people identify others as belonging to a particular race * not * on the basis of the clothes that they wear ( cultural signifier ) , but instead on the basis of their physical appearance ( biological signifiers ) , regardless of clothing . 
  yeah , basically . 
  i 'm arguing like an adult but none of you seem to be able to . 
  actually that 's false , some of the responses i 've got have been very reasonable and i have attempted to respond reasonably as well . 
  i understand this is a highly emotive issue . 
  of course it is . 
  but personal attacks are a ) childish , b ) do n't help anybody , c ) do n't help in discussing the actual issues at stake here . 
  i guess i raised the most contentious possible explanation i could , because i objected to ( what i think was ) the suggestion that racial discrimination must be the cause of black americans committing more crime . 
  or , if that was n't the suggestion , i think that the suggestion was * at least * that `` if your explanation for this issue is n't the most fashionable one , then that 's a problem ! '', 
  - i am perfectly willing to discuss this question . 
  but the people asking it probably wo n't like what i have to say on it . 
  anyway , i 'm fully aware there are multiple factors at play in this issue :, 
  * worse performing schools in some predominantly black areas, 
  * lower average income for black americans, 
  * higher rates of fatherlessness for black americans ( and fatherlessness is highly associated with crime ), 
  just saying . 
  i object to this idea of `` it 's a problem if you do n't go along with the groupthink on this issue ! '', 
  - on * any * issue i would think that 's a terrible way of arguing . 
   making a sweeping generalization, 
  i did n't make a sweeping generalisation . 
  i 'm just saying that it * could * be a factor , based on what we know . 
  yes it 's highly offensive suggesting this , of course . 
  as i say , i just wanted to challenge what i think is a terrible way of arguing . 
  because it is not a way of arguing that is conducive to resulting in the truth when engaging in a discussion . 
  it will only result in the most fashionable opinions . 
  saying that some explanations can not be discussed is a strategy that will allow you to obscure the truth in favour of whatever your favoured position is . 
  no thanks . 
  i want the truth , and only the truth . 
   stupid reasons, 
  what if they are the right reasons though ? 
  by the way , nothing i 've said necessarily implies any particular social policy . 
   the other side does n't care enough about you, 
  and that 's why mr donald j. trump is your president . 
  i was n't the first person to use the word `` child '' , perhaps you should try reading the posts again ? 
  or ca n't you read ? 
  i did provide evidence , but you do n't like it . 
  my evidence is the fact that all of us can identify race by looking at somebody . 
  meanwhile , the guy i responded to say `` most scientists '' , which is n't evidence . 
  quote from wikipedia which confirms what i 've said :, 
   race is the classification of humans into groups based on physical traits , ancestry , genetics or social relations , or the relations between them . 
  as i said ; physical traits . 
  it also says genetics !, 
  there we go . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_ ( human_categorization ), 
  because people in the centre engage in argument . 
  somebody who is entrenched in their position and ca n't defend it with rational argument is a radical . 
   because i was n't referencing them in my comment . 
  i 'm just wondering why the same logic does n't apply to both races .
