  i guess i would agree here . 
  race refers to genetic differences , based on ancestral origin . 
   btw , i never said race was about clothes . 
  you do n't seem to understand that society is more than fashion . 
  i know , i only used clothes as an example . 
  my point is that you can remove all cultural signifiers from somebody - clothes , accent , mannerisms , all of that . 
  get a naked african , and a naked european , both without tattoos or any other cultural signifiers , and shave their heads , and you would still be able to tell who was black and who was white , because black and white , i would argue , refer to a person 's physical features , rather than the fact that they belong to a particular culture . 
   race is a social construct because people act different ways around different races , and racial differences largely come from the media/propaganda/something that isnt races having legitimate genetic differences . 
  there are different cultures associated with different races , yes . 
  but i do n't think that those cultures are races . 
  e.g. , eminem is obviously white , but participated in black culture growing up . 
  rachel dolezal also . 
  culture and race are different ( though related ) things , i would argue . 
  that is what the article says is n't it ? 
   a genetic analysis of almost 900 offenders in finland has revealed two genes associated with violent crime . 
  i did n't say that this means all people who have these genes will commit crime ; if you think that 's what i said then i suggest you read my post again . 
  the sources were intended to demonstrate two principles :, 
  1 ) there are genes that have been linked to criminality, 
  2 ) it is possible for a race to have a higher incidence of certain genes . 
  therefore , it 's possible that africans have a higher incidence of genes that are linked to criminal behaviour . 
  perhaps , though , since you say '' [ they ] do n't really suggest that '' , you 're saying that even if those sources allow for the * possibility * of a genetic factor to black american crime , they do n't * suggest * it . 
  they do n't add weight to the idea that africans might have a higher incidence of genes that are linked to criminal behaviour . 
  in which case i can provide some further reasoning . 
  according to the [ out of africa theory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recent_african_origin_of_modern_humans ) , which seems to be the most widely accepted scientific theory of human evolution , humans are about 240,000 years old . 
  the humans that settled europe did so about 40,000 years ago ( having come from africa ) . 
  those that settled asia did so 70,000 - 25,000 years ago ( see [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recent_african_origin_of_modern_humans#/media/file:spreading_homo_sapiens_la.svg ) map ) . 
  that 's a long time for people to live apart , and clearly natural selection helped shape those isolated peoples over time , which is why the different races have different physical features . 
  it stands to reason that they could well have different behavioural traits ( in general ) too ; especially since their cultures are different , and culture is not created in a vacuum . 
   i also was n't claiming that you made the leap from genetic study to full blown racism . 
  perhaps i jumped the gun a little , but your comment , and this comment thread in general , is about jon 's statement that black people were more predisposed to crime , so when you try to make the argument that, 
   `` it is certainly possible , then , that the genes that are associated with criminality are more common among a certain race '', 
   it kinda makes you looks like you 're trying to back up that argument . 
  well i was disagreeing with your idea that i made a leap to `` black/asian/mexican people have enough of these genes to be considered unequal or lesser to other races '' . 
  although perhaps what i have said would necessarily mean races are unequal ... but i would n't say `` lesser '' . 
  and even if races are unequal ( which most people would accept that they are to some degree , in terms of incidence of certain illnesses and such ) , that does n't necessarily mean that we have to * treat * people unequally . 
  also you say `` jon 's statement that black people were more predisposed to crime '' - i do n't think he said that . 
  he said ( and yes i agree , he did n't provide evidence for this ) that rich black people commit more crime than poor white people . 
  i do n't think he offered an explanation for that , unless i missed it . 
  do you disagree that they are pretty synonymous in this context ? 
  just trying to have an honest conversation . 
  what you 've said also is n't an argument . 
  if somebody makes a claim then they should justify it , and if they do n't , then i 'm going to call them out on it . 
  claiming the other side is `` ignorant '' , while providing no reasoning or evidence for said ignorance , is the biggest non-argument of all time . 
  i did n't really care about race until the left decided that they despise white males and , further , the idea of whiteness itself . 
  i am sick and tired of people that i come across in real life giving me a fucking lecture because i 'm white . 
  and of course i 'm sick of diversity quotas , which are the definition of a ) discrimination and b ) anti-meritocracy . 
  equality , to me , means that everybody is treated the same , no matter their skin colour . 
  that 's what i always thought it meant . 
  but it does n't mean that to these leftists anymore . 
  sure , i get that black americans have lower incomes compared to white americans . 
  i used to think that more should be done to tackle that . 
  but i 've become more economically conservative recently , and i 'm not sure how much i believe that the government should assist * anybody * . 
  i also do n't believe in the collective guilt of white americans ; especially when many white americans almost certainly have zero slaveowner ancestors , or ancestors who supported jim crow - think of all the whites that immigrated in the 20th century from europe . 
  here are some measures that i think are perfectly good , sensible , and fair : make schools in black areas just as good as schools in white areas . 
  also , make police forces racially representative of the areas that they 're policing , so there 's no question of race involved if police brutality occurs . 
  anyway that 's my two cents . 
  not an argument . 
  if you read back through the thread ( perhaps i am overestimating your literacy here ) you 'll notice that i first used the phrase `` the radical left '' to describe the proponents of these positions : `` white people ruined america '' , and `` you ca n't be racist against white people '' . 
  i think `` radical left '' is an accurate descriptor of those positions . 
  name calling is , of course , different . 
  descriptions of a political position are n't really names . 
  such descriptions can be debated , but names ca n't , really . 
  since they are just designed to be lazy pejoratives . 
  but i 'm sure you 're unable to follow any of this anyway , because it does n't seem that your level of intelligence is very high . 
  which you could say is name calling - that 's because it 's clear from your juvenile responses that you abandoned any effort to defend your position with rational argument long ago . 
  probably because you ca n't !, 
   been researched , been debunked , this shit was fuckin solved by science decades ago . 
  i 'd love it if you could walk me through the argument , because i have n't seen any evidence for this whatsoever . 
   what we call `` race '' are social categories . 
  this is factually false , and here 's why . 
  take a black man and a white man , without any tattoos , and remove all their clothing , and their hair , and any earrings or any other signifiers of culture . 
  you will still be able to identify the race of each man . 
  why ? 
  because race tracks physical , biological features - not cultural identifiers . 
   there is no genetic sequence unique to blacks or whites or asians . 
  that does not mean that race does n't track physical and biological traits . 
  it just means that each race has a high level of genetic diversity . 
  of course this is true ; every race has multiple ethnicities . 
  africans are composed of igbo people ( a nigerian ethnicity - west africa ) , zulu and swahili people ( based in south africa , many miles away ) , and somali and eritrean people ( east africa ) . 
  igbo people look very different to somali people . 
  but they share enough physical traits that a person is still able to identify a member of either of these ethnicities as `` black '' ( or `` african '' ) . 
  that 's what race means . 
  it means the ancestry that comes from a particular part of the planet - africa , asia , europe , etc. 
  and it 's identified by physical features , which result from those genetic differences . 
  if this was n't true , then you would not be able to identify somebody 's race by their physical features alone . 
  obviously , though , you can . 
  so , i 'm afraid to say , / u/thechocolatelava , that this idea has not been `` debunked '' at all - merely , somebody has argued against it . 
  and they are wrong . 
  because they have fundamentally misunderstood what `` race '' means - indeed , they have redefined it , so that it is no longer the concept that people use in everyday life . 
  i 'm not blaming you at all . 
  i 'm just making you aware that your attitude is making your side unelectable . 
   they were told their support of bigotry was n't funny, 
  lol , and we think that your bigotry is n't funny . 
  bigotry means `` intolerance towards those who hold different opinions from oneself '' , by the way ( oed definition ) . 
  ca n't think of a more fitting description of the left . 
  no it 's not ironic actually . 
  i was not the one to devolve the `` debate '' ( which it could have been ) to name-calling - that was / u/johndenverexperience . 
  so i will respond in kind !, 
  shh , do n't mention facts , facts are n't allowed here . 
   nobody is saying some explanations ca n't be discussed , just that some are fucking stupid,
