   did you know white men commit over 10x more murders and 20x more rapes than white women ? 
  / u/emazinng the type of guy to go on / r/jontron and post passive-aggressive posts of unsourced racial crime statistics, 
  nah i 'm just joshing with ya . 
  but anyway , you got a source for those stats ? 
  and does that source show you the disparity between male and female crime rates of different races too ? 
  here 's a wild guess : male/female disparities in crime rates hold true across all races . 
   do you happen to have any stat that corroborates jon 's belief that weathly blacks commit more crime than poor whites, 
  please point out the part where i claimed that i did ? 
  if you read my post you would have noticed me say this :, 
   we can debate about what the significance of these stats is , but i just wanted to respond to your idea of unsourced stats , by providing you with some sourced stats , so that you can reach your own conclusions . 
   he has no evidence to show that i 'm wrong, 
  anti-scientists get out . 
  edit : just to remind you , like i said , the controversiality of a statement has no bearing on its truth value . 
  if you want to assert something as true , then it must be supported with evidence . 
  you 're very right , and this burgeoning movement is the only thing making me hopeful about the future . 
   i ca n't defend my position with rational argument, 
  this is why you 're losing the debate . 
  this is why trump won . 
  and us on the right will * continue * to win , because we have arguments , and you have nothing . 
   from the bureau of justice statistics , sorry for not including that earlier . 
  fair . 
   you 've missed my point entirely . 
  statistics are not the be-all and end-all , they can be very misleading as i 've demonstrated . 
  they demonstrate things , sometimes meaningful things . 
  in the case of black people in america committing lots of murders , i do think that is meaningful . 
  specifically , it is critically meaningful to the debate around blm . 
  blm claims that black people are unfairly being put in jail , but really , it looks as if the high rates of crime in the black community are probably a strong reason for why this is happening . 
  i am open to things like making sure that black communities have equal schools and things like that . 
  i agree with leftists who say that a poor start in life contributes to crime - of course it does . 
  so i 'm open to that . 
  what i do n't want to see happen is anybody being let off the hook because of their race ; if society is truly post-racial , then we have to all be held accountable to the same laws . 
   do you agree that jon pulled that out of his ass ? 
  no i would n't make that assumption . 
  i have n't been able to find something to support what he said , but i found [ this ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/03/23/poor-white-kids-are-less-likely-to-go-to-prison-than-rich-black-kids/?utm_term=.ee7e73c399b9 ) which shows that wealthy black youths are more likely to go to prison than poor white youths . 
  some , of course , claim that this disparity in incarceration rate is due to racist cops , but it could simply be because of higher crime rates among black americans . 
  \\  can not argue a point, 
  \\  has an emotional tantrum, 
  \\  `` but it 's fine when i do it , only you have to argue using logic and reason '', 
  you realise this is why trump won right ? 
  people are n't convinced by emotional outbursts . 
  guess why ? 
  because they 're not arguments . 
  why should i believe your point of view just because you 're emotional about it ? 
  how is that supposed to convince someone that your point of view is correct , or a good one to hold ? 
  but y' know , keep doing this if you want , and the right will just keep growing stronger . 
  the left has run out of arguments and thinks that an emotional tantrum is equivalent to winning an argument . 
  when somebody is deciding how to vote , they do n't think `` that guy had a tantrum , therefore i should vote for his party '' . 
  you should probably realise that if you ever want to win an election again . 
  can you defend your position with rational argument ? 
  please try . 
  until then , the right will keep growing stronger and it will keep winning elections . 
  i laid out my argument ; see if you can dispute it with facts and reason . 
  sure , i 'll tell you exactly what 's wrong . 
  western nations are n't even reproducing enough to sustain their populations ( we 're reproducing at less than the * replacement rate * ; the rate at which the population would remain stable , because the number of children born would be sufficient to replace the people that are dying ) . 
  this means we will become like japan - ageing and shrinking populations , where the working population has to work itself to the bone to pay for the care of the elderly . 
  or , of course , we could facilitate mass migration , which in my estimation will not be a peaceful process . 
  take a look at historical instances of the mass migration of different cultures to places where people are already settled : the anglo-saxons conquering britain , the umayyad caliphate conquering spain for a few hundred years , the mongol empire expanding across asia , and of course the europeans settling the new world . 
  in each case , the new settlers took advantage of the weakened population that they came across ( and if our birthrates are low , then we * will * be a weakened population , because we will have fewer fighting age males to defend ourselves ; the fighting age males of the incoming culture will have a greater strength in this regard ) . 
  murder , rape , et cetera - i 'm sure you already know that these things took place when the europeans colonised america . 
  this is already happening in europe , [ where migrants to sweden , germany , and other places are committing sex attacks ] ( https://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2016/12/not-germany-covers-mass-sex-attacks-migrant-men-swedens-record-shameful/ ) . 
  in sweden , for example , the sex assaults that have taken place at music festivals have not been seen in sweden before ; groups of men , who are immigrants , have gathered themselves around girls , so that the girl can not escape , and then proceeded to touch her inappropriately . 
  here 's a quote about that , from that article i linked to , from the director of events at stockholm city council :, 
   ` it was a modus operandi that we had never seen before : large groups of young men who surround girls and molest them . ', 
  you are right there are `` over six billion people on this planet '' , but these people are predominantly in africa and asia . 
  and the source of new children is not the west ( where , as i said , our birthrates are lower than replacement level ) ; [ the main source , by far , of new children , is africa , where birthrates are as high as 7 children per woman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_and_dependencies_by_total_fertility_rate ) . 
  by comparison , western countries have birthrates of around 1.7 - 2.0 ( a healthy replacement rate is about 2.1 ; just above the 2 needed to replace both parents , because some people inevitably die from accidents/crime before being able to reproduce ) . 
  you may think that you are doing the world a favour by reproducing , but really you are doing your country a disservice . 
  but i do n't want to tell you that you * have * to reproduce , it is your choice of course . 
  primarily , you are doing a disservice to * yourself * . 
  your genes will not survive . 
  you will lose the evolutionary battle to survive . 
  which is a shame . 
  it 's a shame to resign yourself to losing the battle of life , in my opinion . 
  but it 's up to you , of course . 
   my only issue is when they are used maliciously for the sole purpose of putting down minorites, 
  no , i am not trying to put down minorities . 
  i do n't want to repress black people . 
  but i do want to discuss the * facts * , even when they are difficult to discuss . 
  my issue is when uncomfortable facts are covered up , not discussed , or completely lied about . 
  for example , let 's take the michael brown case , and the fact that blm said that michael put his hands up and said `` do n't shoot '' . 
  [ i read the witness testimonies myself , which are on wikipedia , and are sourced ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shooting_of_michael_brown#witness_accounts ) . 
  almost all of the witnesses that corroborated with the physical evidence , and with officer wilson 's account , were black . 
  they all said that brown did n't put his hands up ( although one witness said he may have started to put his hands up , before balling them into fists ) , and that he did n't say `` do n't shoot '' . 
  instead , he turned towards officer wilson , shrugged his shoulders , and then performed a running charge towards wilson , putting his life in danger . 
  here 's some extracts from some of the testimonies :, 
  * `` witness 104 , a 26-year-old biracial female ... explained that it took some time for wilson to fire , adding that she `` would have fired sooner '' '', 
  * `` witness 108 , a 74-year-old black male , told detectives that the police officer was `` in the right '' and `` did what he had to do '', 
  * `` witness 113 , a 31-year-old black female , made statements that corroborated wilson 's account . 
  she said that she was afraid of the ` neighborhood backlash ' that might come from her testimony '', 
  this is the problem . 
  i admit that the right has a bias problem too , but i want people to recognise the bias problem of the left too . 
  we should be talking only about the facts ; but unfortunately , both sides only pick out the facts that serve their agenda ( and sometimes might not check them before publishing them , in which case they might be false ) , and ignore those that do n't . 
   here 's the thing though , high rates of black crime and being disproportionately targeted are not mutually exclusive . 
  you 're right . 
  but i have n't seen strong evidence that would suggest there is a disparity over and above what is caused by higher levels of crime among black americans . 
   we should be working together on how to resolve issues like this , rather than shifting blame on each other . 
  i 'd agree there , but as i say , both sides ca n't even agree on what is true right now . 
  i do strongly believe that both sides have the truth on their side ; they 're just focusing on different parts of it . 
   as for the article you linked , being arrested more \u2260 commiting more crime . 
  yes you are right which is why i said i did n't have evidence to support that claim by jontron .
