  hi gordon , what was wrong with [ this pizza ] ( http://cdn3.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/861298/kn_20ramsay_20eating_20pizza.0.jpg ) ? 
  it looked pretty tasty to me . 
  pls answer this, 
  * maranello, 
  sorry to have to correct you gordon, 
  for you, 
  wtf i have conflicting opinions about vets now, 
  no , * everybody * cares what others think . 
  it 's necessary to survive . 
  many crimes are done out of a care of what people think of them ( e.g. 
  violent crime done for the purpose of showing off , asserting authority , etc ) . 
  but even if it 's not motivated by vanity ( e.g. 
  theft for the purposes of eating , affording drugs , etc. 
  ) , you will soon have to care what others think when you get to jail . 
  if you invite the ire of too many fellow inmates , they 'll kill you . 
  all of us care what others think . 
  we can choose to ignore what others might think in certain scenarios , but ultimately , any human that has been socialised , and thus has developed a theory of mind ( knowing that others have thoughts ; you develop this during early childhood ) cares what other humans think of them . 
  is n't the name of that sub offensive to women with xy chromosomes ? 
  holy fuck these sexist transphobic cis-centric shitlords, 
  not sure if you read it , but the source is [ cnn ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2017/02/28/politics/donald-trump-joint-address-poll/ ) . 
  from their story :, 
   nearly 7-in-10 who watched said the president 's proposed policies would move the country in the right direction and almost two-thirds said the president has the right priorities for the country . 
  you might want to read the article first in the future before accusing an outlet of lying . 
  just saying . 
   so you 're telling me that there are people who eat shit , fuck children , kill themselves, 
  i 'd still say they care about what others think , especially since all of those actions ( especially suicide , but i would say the others as well ) are often motivated by shame . 
  in fact perhaps always motivated by some level of shame , and by a feeling that one is not able to fit into normal society ( which again is caring about what others think ) . 
  why would n't sociopaths care what others think ? 
  i think they would very much care about not being caught by the authorities . 
  unless they want to go to prison for some reason . 
  to show cred ... or because they 're apathetic / suicidal or something . 
  even with a suicidal person i think they care about what others think . 
  a lot of suicide is driven by shame . 
  but even if it 's not , a suicidal person will still care about what others think ; e.g. 
  if they have committed themselves to committing suicide , and somebody is trying to stop them , then obviously they will care about what that person is thinking , as they will want that person to not stop their suicide . 
  the source is [ cnn ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2017/02/28/politics/donald-trump-joint-address-poll/ ) - maybe you should read the article first before making accusations of fake news , unless you did read it and you 're calling cnn fake news ? 
  i might be able to agree with you there . 
  my nigga . 
  i always recommend that documentary to people . 
  simon baron-cohen 's bit on his research into the affects of testosterone is the best bit in my opinion . 
  whole thing is great though of course . 
  i think you 're implying that we 've somehow evolved past biological sex differences , which i would strongly disagree with . 
  that documentary that he mentioned is very good , and it 's very recent , made in 2010 i think . 
  the best bit of it in my opinion is when prof simon baron-cohen talks about his research into testosterone . 
  he took babies on the first day of life and showed them a mechanical object and a face . 
  babies with higher prenatal testosterone levels ( which tended to be the males , since males were producing twice as much testosterone in the womb ) spent more time looking at the mechanical object ; those with lower levels spent more time looking at the face . 
  he studied these children over time and noted that higher testosterone was also associated with slower language development , slower social development , more difficulty with empathy , less eye contact , and a greater interest in understanding systems . 
  females can have abnormally high testosterone levels , but it 's very rare since they usually do n't have testicles , and these are what produce much greater levels of testosterone ( there is a condition where some females actually have internal testes - again very rare ) . 
  yeah i 'd recommend watching it if you 're interested at all . 
  if you search on youtube for `` the norwegian gender equality paradox '' , it will come up . 
  the bit i have just talked about is at about 22:20 and is about 3 minutes long . 
  but the whole documentary is good - it considers both nature and nurture arguments for sex differences in behaviour and interests . 
   fair opportunity for all demographics, 
  when [ jobs are advertised for anybody but whites ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2013/04/29/cbc-caucasian-ad-job-posting_n_3180730.html ) , when there 's diversity quotas and affirmative action , when there 's university scholarships for poor black kids but not for poor white kids , then no , the opportunities are not fair . 
  did you know that in my country ( britain ) , [ white working class boys are now , academically , the worst-performing group ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/men/the-filter/11965045/white-working-class-boys-are-the-worst-performing-ethnic-group-at-school.html ) , and [ do the worst in important examinations ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/10/white-working-class-boys-perform-worst-at-gcses-research-shows/ ) ? 
  not oppressed women , not oppressed racial minorities , but white working class boys . 
  so much for white privilege . 
   unskilled white males, 
  this is simply untrue . 
  many , perhaps most , of the people who have formed the alt-right are educated to university level . 
  the problem is that leftist culture has decided to pick on all white men , no matter who they are , as the objects of scorn . 
  white men , like myself , tolerated this for a while - i was a progressive back in 2010 and i thought `` yes , i should stand up for women 's rights , that 's the right thing to do '' . 
  but like everybody else , white men are competitive - just like women , just like asians , just like blacks - we 're all competitive . 
  so a politics that is founded on the idea of removing people like us from the competition obviously is n't going to sit very well with us for a long period of time , is it ? 
  i just wanted to show you that biological sex differences do exist . 
  and that the idea that we 've evolved past them is factually wrong , if that 's what you were implying . 
  it means that men should pay on heterosexual dates because if they do n't , then they are hurting their chances . 
  women want a provider . 
  if men want to succeed then it is in their interest to pay for the meal . 
  [ i knew this reminded me of something ] ( http://imgur.com/a/wdqmh ), 
   it 's like zero tolerance policies that tell students who punch back that they 're in the wrong too . 
  no , they 're not ; punching back is a soul-affirming , pro-civilization activity that we should be happy to see . 
  could n't agree with this more . 
  self-defence must be protected . 
  depriving somebody of the right to defend themselves against unprovoked attacks is tyranny . 
   intimidating your opponents is n't a great way to keep them from attacking when they 're feeling agitated and looking for violence . 
  so what should he do ? 
  let these antifa thugs attack innocent people holding a peaceful protest ? 
  are you insane ? 
   your based stick fighting man is a self-hating dude because he 's a white nationalist that ca n't get over the fact that his wife is n't white and his child is n't white so he hides his face and beats people ? 
  so he should n't stand up for his own interests is what you 're saying ? 
  so if a black guy marries a white girl then he 's not allowed to join black lives matter because that would make him a self-hating dude , is what you 're saying ? 
  so if a black guy did support some sort of black rights group like blm then he would be a black nationalist is what you 're saying ? 
  wtf i hate drumpf now, 
  you 've completely ignored the issues that i called you out on . 
  1 ) you called this man a white nationalist , on the basis of what evidence ? 
  i saw a picture of his facebook `` likes '' that had something like `` white news '' , which is why i asked the question of whether a black man who is interested in his racial interest should be called a `` black nationalist '' ? 
  2 ) you call him `` self-hating '' , presumably because he follows some page called `` white news '' ( or whatever it is ) and yet has married a non-white woman . 
  so my question is , if a black man supports blm ( or any black interest group ) and yet marries a white woman , is he `` self-hating '' as well ? 
  answers on a postcard please . 
  i am a millennial , 25 years old , and this thread absolutely horrifies me . 
  please can some people who are planning to have families respond to me so that i know the whole world is n't turning to shit ? 
  i ca n't believe the strength of opinion here ... it 's making me wonder whether i will even find a woman who will want children ? 
  i can not believe how widespread this `` childless '' attitude is , and it makes precisely zero sense to me . 
  none . 
  it defies all logic in my book . 
   you should figure out money before you have kids . 
  billions and billions of people do n't and never have , so in my opinion you 're spouting bs . 
  but okay , have your opinion , i just strongly disagree with it . 
  do you find this thread as horrifying as i do ?
