you 're being a child , but i love that song . 
   but anyone who continues to stand against it on principle -- `` my childhood has been defiled !, 
  i do n't like its stars !, 
  the trailer was bad ! '' -- is an unimaginative schmuck . 
  well then , i 'm an unimaginative schmuck . 
  i do n't want to see a chick flick . 
   they 've been recently trying to do it to linux of all things ( torvalds banned their asses luckily ), 
  do n't get me started on political correctness in software development . 
  it 's insane . 
  [ batshit ] ( https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-buildbot/issues/2 ) [ insane ] ( https://github.com/antirez/redis/issues/3185 ) . 
  that is a valid argument in my opinion but it 's not the whole story and i do n't think women should be on the front line . 
  * men will naturally try and be protective of any woman they fight with , which may well cost their own life , others ' lives , and the integrity of the mission, 
  * women are targets for rape and brutality in general, 
  * romantic relationships could well occur which , again , are not good for the structure of the unit and mission operation, 
   that view is assuming every woman who enters the military has plans of having children . 
  well most women do have babies at some point so it 's a fair assumption to make . 
  and the point is that all ( healthy ) women are capable of becoming pregnant , so again the question is , why take the risk when there are enough men to do the job , who wo n't get pregnant . 
   excluding women who qualify but may be child free by medical necessity or choice is unfair . 
  i was n't born into the royal family . 
  i used to be liberal like you , but then you realise that life is unfair , will always be unfair , and sometimes , trying to make it `` fairer '' does more harm than good . 
  you probably think i sound like an arsehole but i just think it 's true . 
  having women on the front line just for the sake of political correctness is moronic . 
  this thread is not about reviewing the movie , it 's about discussing a review of the movie, 
  i am discussing that review of the movie, 
  `` chick flick '' is a common term for movies featuring / aimed at women , and that 's what i am saying this new ghostbusters is . 
  if you disagree with me calling it a chick flick then why not try and argue your point instead of just saying that i 'm `` name calling '' ? 
   [ it ] exists not to score points , but only to make us laugh, 
  i 'm pretty sure it exists to make money . 
   i think pbs and the bbc do have some solid reporting, 
  as a brit , i find the bbc ridiculously left-wing . 
  but it makes sense really . 
  they 're a publicly funded broadcaster , which itself is a left-wing idea . 
  the people employed by that organisation are those who see some sort of nobler purpose in being a public service broadcaster than being a business trying to make a profit . 
  i do read the bbc but i also read the daily mail and sometimes the telegraph and even the guardian if i can stand it . 
  that 's the only way to get a range of views - to read a range of outlets . 
  a single publication will always have an agreed editorial style that largely conforms to the same point of view , so in that way , every media outlet has bias . 
  the bbc is pretty fair . 
  they 're supposed to be unbiased , that 's their remit . 
  whereas the guardian ( or any private newspaper ) has no public obligation to be unbiased and can lean in whichever political direction it wants . 
  but i still think there is an inherent left wing bias . 
  they seem to overstress diversity , they give a lot of coverage to socially liberal stories , etc. 
  yes i 've come across salon recently and it 's the worst thing i 've ever seen to be honest . 
  this might get downvoted but here 's my opinion :, 
  may is n't * that * bad . 
  she has said how keen she is to cut immigration . 
  plus , there is going to be * a lot * of pressure on her from the hardline brexiters , e.g. 
  that 's all i want really . 
  immigration cut . 
  if we can get that ( which , as i say , i think we will with may ) , then that will be the start of good things to come . 
  those things were n't said by may . 
  they were said by baroness cox . 
  read the article . 
  i agree with you . 
  may is relatively sensible . 
  she 's not as cucked as op seems to think . 
  i wish she went further and said things like those comments from baroness cox , but if she had she probably would n't be getting the tory leadership . 
  she said , even while campaigning for remain , [ that she wanted freedom of movement reformed ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36543472 ) . 
  i do wish leadsom had won though because i know she would go further . 
  [ i found this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/29/working-eu-uk-free-movement-permit-easy-entry-migrants-jobs-automatic-rights - ) saying that may would support immigration only being cut to 70 % of current numbers ... that 's not a huge cut really . 
  maybe you 're right . 
  i just remembered seeing her on the beeb talking about cutting immigration and i thought that was a good thing ... but yeah . 
  i probably should have remembered she 's responsible for rising immigration for the last six years ... 
  well anyway , as i say , i hope that the proper brexiters will give her a hard time . 
  do n't know how i misinterpreted that . 
  i think i was just expecting people to downvote / disagree with me . 
   in what appears to be ancient rome, 
  er ... not sure why you think that, 
  i would guess the building in the bottom right is meant to be the new york stock exchange ( although it 's not a completely accurate depiction ), 
  and the thing on the left is a [ fasces ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fasces ) , the original symbol of fascism . 
  so the artist is probably implying that america would become a fascist state under either of them . 
  ah alright fair enough . 
  i thought the architecture was grecian . 
  also the big idol ... looks almost native american to me . 
  maybe i 'm way off the mark though . 
  we can only hope . 
  they do care about money but they also care about trying to look `` socially aware '' or whatever the fuck because they think that is more profitable for them , which can sometimes be the case . 
  so it 's not out of the question that another such film like this will be soon . 
  but if the next one is a financial dud too then they 'll drop it because they 'll realise there 's just no market for it . 
  but obviously in my perfect world , they would pull this movie , apologise for even thinking of it , and never make a single movie directed by paul feig or starring the fat woman with the glasses ever again . 
   at the 2012 republican national convention ... clint eastwood stole the show by making a totally bizarre speech, 
  do n't you find it funny that liberals describe anything they do n't like as `` bizarre '' ? 
  i see it all the time in newspapers : `` x launches a * bizarre * rant ! '', 
  or `` y makes a * bizarre * speech about political correctness ! '', 
  they ca n't even bring themselves to understand the conservative viewpoint . 
  they act as if you 're speaking a foreign language , because that allows them to be intellectually lazy and set up a straw man of you instead of trying to understand what you 're actually saying . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  the smugness and snobbery of these people is amazing . 
  and they wonder why we thrashed them in the polls for brexit , and why they will get thrashed in the polls in the austrian election , and why the main parties are getting thrashed by right-wing populism in the us , france , and germany . 
  lol . 
  he 's right about everything . 
  and lefties do n't want to listen . 
  it wo n't be long before you realise `` shit , he really was right about illegal immigration , about islamic terrorism , and about the threats to the american economy '' . 
  exactly . 
  political correctness solves nothing , but ends in dead bodies . 
  see : all the islamist terrorist attacks that have taken place over the last year or two . 
  this is what hill-shills do n't realise . 
  and i fear it might be too late before they do . 
  no argument . 
  typical liberal :\\ ^ ), 
  nah they occur because our politicians are too cowardly to take appropriate measures .
