  that 's how we 've been doing it for thousands of years and it worked just fine . 
  i have a feeling i might perhaps be inviting outrage by saying that though ... 
  it 's a pretty glaring crowbarring of political correctness into this video game and you know it damned well , so stop being a childish moron . 
  you support trump and you believe this stuff ? 
  he 's a cock just because you disagree with his viewpoint ? 
  wow i 'm so glad liberals are tolerant and open-minded and not at all bigoted . 
  ( fyi , dictionary definition of bigoted : `` obstinately or unreasonably attached to a belief , opinion , or faction , and intolerant towards other people 's beliefs and practices '' ), 
  ( i stress that `` intolerant towards other people 's beliefs '' part . 
  yeah you 're not that at all . ), 
  so when the left do this kind of thing there 's no way that they could possibly be doing it for political purposes . 
  but when the right do it they 're obviously just trying to peddle their ideas , the fucking bastards !, 
  how the fuck does the left not realise why everyone hates them so much ? 
  when you 're not willing to treat ideas on the left and the right with equal respect , when you try and create a dictatorship of ideas where only left-wing values are tolerated , how can they possibly expect that people will just bow down and do what the left wants them to do ? 
  the left are insane and they have made this bed themselves , so it 's time that they lie in it . 
  source for that official story ? 
  all the pre-release interviews i watched said that the planets were actually going to be rotating and orbiting the sun, 
  i never heard anything to the contrary until people were able to play it, 
  yes that 's pretty much it . 
  many degrees these days just are n't useful , they do n't really equip you for a job . 
  too many students are doing liberal arts subjects and then realising that most of the jobs are in stem . 
  so all they can do then is work in starbucks . 
  do n't get me wrong - i am not saying liberal arts subjects * ca n't * be useful . 
  if you are determined to be a journalist then an english or a history degree will stand you in good stead . 
  but how many jobs in journalism are there ? 
  only so many and these jobs are massively oversubscribed these days . 
  stem has a massive demand . 
  which is partly why so many people from china and india are doing stem degrees - they know that demand is there and they want to meet it . 
  people in western countries think they can do whatever subject they like and that they will be guaranteed a job at the end of it . 
  but that simply is n't true . 
  unless you have at least some sort of idea of * how * you can use your degree to secure a job at the end of it , there is no point in doing it . 
  why not have , like , a proper wedding ? 
  ah right yeah i found it, 
   planet rotation -- play testing has made it obvious people are struggling to adjust to this during play so it 's effects have been reduced further ... 
  that seems like a really lame reason to change it . 
  yeah you 're probably right which makes it sad that they came up with what is probably an excuse . 
  hahaha , great argument my man : ^ ), 
  really convinced me with those hot opinions, 
  yup . 
  which is sad . 
  it 's things like that that could , and should , have made this game great . 
  sorry , let 's just get this straight : you 're saying you want to kill trump supporters ? 
  or at least , it would `` make [ you ] feel comfortable '' ? 
  trump supporter here, 
   these people do n't care that trump is sexist or racist , they support these views . 
  nail on head, 
   they actually think that making our country more diverse by increasing immigration is a bad thing . 
  they think all muslims are terrorists and all mexicans are rapists . 
  they think it 's okay to sexually assault a woman and that feminism is bad . 
  they think that america was better in the 1950 's than now , and that the fact that white people will be a minority in america by 2050 is a bad thing . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  in fact how can you defend that white people dying out is a good thing ? 
  all other races want to see their race and their culture survive . 
  but white people should wish death upon themselves ? 
  no thanks . 
   you ca n't reason with people like this . 
  we need to completely demonize their views , completely bury their voices of hatred and ensure they never raise again in our future elections . 
  you mean you want to silence opposing political opinions , stalin style ? 
  do you advocate gulags , mass murders ? 
  sounds pretty illiberal to me mate . 
  it 's not because every human is driven by emotion . 
  yes , including you . 
  and every animal on the planet . 
  you are n't special . 
  everyone wants the best for themselves , that 's human nature . 
  is that `` irrational '' ? 
  i would say it 's the most rational thing possible . 
  all rationality is founded upon the most fundamental human precept of self-preservation . 
  every decision that you `` rationally '' decide to take is founded on the benefit that it serves you . 
  if you are making decisions that do n't benefit you , or in fact harm you , then that is what i would call `` irrational '' , personally . 
  surely it would be the marxist trap . 
  stalin was the one who killed people en masse for holding dissenting right-wing views . 
   immigration helps the economy, 
  it helps a multinational ceo who suddenly has access to labour willing to work for less . 
  it does n't help people looking for jobs who now have more competition . 
  talking about `` the economy '' as a monolith is utterly stupid , and meaningless . 
  and it 's the reason why trump voters are n't going to listen to condescending liberals - because they know that * their * economic situation is n't helped by immigration at all . 
   they 've been raised to believe that a man is not a man unless he can work to put food on his family 's table . 
  are you saying men should n't be told this ? 
  ( maybe you 're not but some extreme liberals probably would . ), 
  the fundamental urge of every human , like every animal , is to procreate . 
  the reason we have the social unit of families is so every man has a fair and equal chance of finding a woman to procreate with ( unlike animal societies where males fight to the death for the privilege to mate , and thus only the top males get the opportunity of procreation ) . 
  this is what allows society to function , because it means all males have a stake in society . 
  if they are not allowed this chance to marry a woman and procreate in a socially acceptable manner then they will riot , they will become violent , as they fight for another way in which to procreate . 
  the institutions of marriage and family are a peaceful way of giving men and women the chance to procreate . 
  if you destroy them , or if you say to men `` your purpose is no longer to provide for a family '' , or at least `` you no longer have the opportunity to provide for a family '' , then you 're going to create anger , violence , and you 're going to undo the fabric of society . 
  the rest of your analysis is pretty much accurate though . 
  so other people having a different economic and social standing to you , and therefore different concerns , is `` literally poison '' ? 
  i thought liberals were supposed to be inclusive and tolerant ? 
  your patronising attitude is exactly why trump supporters ( like me ) hate you so much . 
  and socialists/welfare queens on the progressive left care about making everyone that does n't look or think like them worse off , more than they care about making their own lives better . 
  see ? 
  there are those types on both sides . 
  you 're just wilfully ignoring the concerns of working class americans , which is exactly why they hate you so much . 
  so people who have dissenting opinions should be silenced ? 
  should we send them to the gulags like stalin did ? 
  that sounds like what you 're suggesting . 
   the problem is that there are no easy answers for most of society 's ills . 
  anyone who tells you that there are is lying to you . 
  which is exactly why voting democrat wo n't magically solve racism , like st_gerasimos said . 
   hillary called young black males `` super predators '',
