  edit : just to explain that last point more - leftists need to understand that trump does actually represent the views of millions of americans . 
  liberals do n't see them , because they do n't use twitter . 
  they do n't use facebook . 
  they 're just everyday folk , working jobs , living their lives . 
  but they exist . 
  liberals have to understand that . 
  your analysis is completely incorrect . 
  the people criticising trump now are the liberal politicians - people like merkel . 
  but their time is up . 
  the party of the netherlands ' equivalent to trump - geert wilders - is about to become the biggest in the dutch parliament . 
  marine le pen ( the french trump ) is a serious contender for the french presidency . 
  in germany , the afd ( the german trump-esque party ) is set to comfortably get enough votes to enter the bundestag for the first time . 
  the liberal order is dying . 
  you have to accept this . 
  of course i do n't . 
  so hang on , are we supposed to just let whoever into our countries ? 
  are we supposed to just let islamic terrorism continue ? 
  why the hell would you want this to continue ? 
  we are in a war with isis . 
  they have declared war on the west . 
  this means we are in a war with them whether we like it or not . 
  when someone has declared war on you , do you just sit back and do nothing while they repeatedly attack you ? 
  or do you think `` hm maybe we should , i dunno , defend ourselves ? '', 
   trump is going to rapidly lose support if he does n't shape up . 
  i think you will find that 's entirely false . 
  have a look at the opinion polls . 
  i bet he still has a massive raft of support . 
  yeah you 're right they voted him because he was n't hillary . 
  they , like me , do n't think he 's a perfect guy - but they thought the general direction in which he was going to take the country was better than what hillary was offering . 
  yeah i am british . 
  i do n't know why you 're putting that in air quotes . 
  actual liberals ( with whom i share a lot of common ground ) are pretty rare these days . 
  people have largely polarised into two camps . 
  especially young people - people my age . 
  most of them blindly support the progressive agenda - or they just choose not to engage in politics at all . 
  to return to op 's question again i could mention the fact that trump made some unifying statements in his inauguration speech - one particular quote i liked was `` whether we are black or brown or white , we all bleed the same red blood of patriots '' . 
  i did think to myself he could have gone further on the unifying theme . 
  but the more i see from the left now , the more glad i am that he is unwavering . 
  there is a very authoritarian , very bullying strand to today 's leftism ( yes this would n't cover classical liberals , but as i say , i think they are in short supply these days ) . 
  these are the people that i think need to just be ignored . 
  i do not want them to jeopardise the security of western countries just because they are too afraid to stand up to islamic terrorism . 
  no i do n't live in america . 
  sure he can recognise there are liberal americans , but he was elected because people wanted him to enact his policy positions . 
  same as obama . 
  he was elected to do a job . 
  so that 's what he did . 
  were there any significant occasions on which obama `` acknowledged '' conservatives ? 
  besides denigrating them all by saying `` they cling to guns or religion or antipathy toward people who are n't like them or anti-immigrant sentiment or anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations '' ? 
  i used to work in a shop on sundays . 
  ai n't nothin ' fam . 
   you guys piss away your precious time and opportunities it makes me sick . 
  is n't that exactly what * you 're * doing ? 
  i was confident enough to guess he still has `` a massive raft of support '' , and i guess the word `` massive '' is subjective , but he clearly does still have support . 
  [ according to gallup it 's 43 % approve / 50 % disapprove as of yesterday ( 29th jan ) . 
  ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/201617/gallup-daily-trump-job-approval.aspx ), 
  [ that 's higher than obama 's lowest approval ratings of around 41 % , which he hit in two quarters during his presidency . 
  ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/202742/obama-averages-job-approval-president.aspx?g_source=politics&amp;g_medium=newsfeed&amp;g_campaign=tiles ), 
  basically i 'm not seeing this `` rapid loss '' that / u/im _ from_nj referred to . 
  it 's certainly * possible * he 'll lose support , yeah , but my point ( before we got sidetracked by polls ) is that his voters ( half the country ) want him to deliver on things like the wall , on stricter immigration , on trying to kickstart job creation . 
  and it looks like that 's what he 's doing . 
  so i think they will continue to support him . 
  edit : i also did n't `` use polls that do n't exist as evidence '' - if you notice , i * specifically said * that you should look at opinion polls , and that `` i bet '' he has a massive raft of support . 
  perhaps you should learn the meaning of the words `` i bet '' . 
  also can i just disagree with this :, 
   they did n't even think he 'd do the crazy things he promised in the campaign . 
  i really do n't agree with you . 
  at least i do n't agree with the way you 're interpreting it . 
  you 're suggesting they went `` i do n't like hillary , so i guess i 'll reluctantly vote trump despite his shortcomings - but damn i sure hope he does n't build that wall !, 
  i think immigrants should be welcome to be honest . '', 
  just no . 
  i would say they thought `` i do n't like hillary , so i guess i 'll reluctantly vote trump despite his shortcomings - i do n't know if he really * will * build a wall , but that 's the sort of direction i want to see the country going in . 
  if he * does * build the wall ( affordably ) then that 's great !, 
  we should do something about borders . '', 
  perhaps you are right that they did n't necessarily think he would do some of these `` crazy things '' ( since they are ambitious goals ) , but if they did n't * want * him to do them , they would n't have voted for him !, 
  remember : there were reluctant hillary voters as much as reluctant trump voters . 
  disliking hillary surely is not reason enough to vote trump , if you do n't actually want trump 's policies to be enacted . 
  if that was your view , you would probably reluctantly vote hillary . 
  i think you would be pretty crazy to vote for trump and yet not want his policies to be enacted . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  they are polling at nearly 15 % - the third highest . 
  three times the 5 % threshold needed to get bundestag seats . 
  remember that the mere presence of ukip , who were also polling at about 15 % for the 2015 uk election , managed to persuade david cameron to offer brits an eu referendum . 
  now , i 'm not suggesting merkel is about to offer her nation an eu referendum , but the point is that every bit of political support influences a nation 's politics . 
  ukip only had - and still only have - one seat in parliament !, 
  yet without them , it 's pretty certain that our eu referendum would never have been called . 
  you should really use a new account though , anticom should not be nazi at all , or else it will achieve nothing . 
  in my mind , anticom should purely be an anti-communist movement , willing to draw in people from all sides of the political spectrum . 
   his whole life has been devoid of any opportunities for any happiness, 
  nobody 's life is devoid of any opportunities for happiness . 
  seriously , that 's the most absurd thing i 've ever heard . 
   there is nothing he can do to change that, 
  many people have serious problems and they still manage to achieve things . 
  which does n't mean it 's always * easy * ; some people face serious barriers . 
  an example i am thinking of is disabled people who manage to hook up and have sex , and possibly children . 
  sure it 's hard , but there is always something you can do , as long as you are alive and functioning . 
  i am not a practicing christian no . 
  but christianity is the religion of my country , and i personally do n't want to change that . 
  that 's the thing . 
  national co-operation can be great . 
  governments giving up on representing their citizens , though , is something quite different .
