  but we do know that the crime rate is higher among black americans , so it seems certain to me that that is a * factor * , though perhaps not the only factor , in determining the higher rate of incarceration among black americans . 
  i understand you might think to yourself `` why is somebody so keen to point out that black people commit more crime ? 
  it 's probably because they 're racist . '', 
  in my opinion , i despise crime , by any race . 
  i take the view that i do n't want people to be getting away with crime if i 'm not allowed to . 
  i also do n't want people of different races to be held to different standards ; in my opinion , if society is truly post-racial , and if we are all truly equal , then we should all be held to the exact same standard by the law . 
  which i think is probably something that most people would agree on , but obviously each race will focus on the points where they think other races are breaking the rules ; the points where they think they 're getting a bum deal . 
  apologies for the long post . 
  hope it makes sense . 
  exactly . 
  also i want to point out ( although i should probably say this to others , since you seem to agree with me ) that if certain races have different biological traits ( we know that they do in certain respects ; africans are more likely to suffer from sickle cell anaemia , east asians are essentially the only people to suffer from the `` asian flush '' reaction to alcohol ) , then this does not mean that we necessarily have to treat people differently . 
   ca n't support his position with arguments, 
  thought so . 
  exactly . 
  debate around this issue is hugely controversial , sure , but facts need to be acknowledged , in my opinion . 
  i value the truth a lot ; i seek it out , because i want my opinions to be based on fact . 
  yet many millions of people in the western world form their opinions purely on the basis of what others are thinking . 
  they do n't investigate these things themselves . 
  and there are many facts they do n't know about ; they only know about the facts that are popular . 
  i think people on both sides would agree that one of the most important things for a democracy to work is that the electorate should have access to as much information as possible , to make their own decisions . 
  that 's what i believe . 
  exactly . 
  debate around this issue is hugely controversial , sure , but facts need to be acknowledged , in my opinion . 
  i value the truth a lot ; i seek it out , because i want my opinions to be based on fact . 
  yet many millions of people in the western world form their opinions purely on the basis of what others are thinking . 
  they do n't investigate these things themselves . 
  and there are many facts they do n't know about ; they only know about the facts that are popular . 
  i think people on both sides would agree that one of the most important things for a democracy to work is that the electorate should have access to as much information as possible , to make their own decisions . 
  that 's what i believe . 
  you 're right which is why i find it so weird why so many people do n't want children . 
  guess you libs will learn your lesson that slagging off whites did n't really work out for ya :d hahahahaha, 
   these just sound like slightly less extreme variations on his original points . 
  that 's because that 's what he believes . 
  and if you disagree , then you 're going to have to form coherent arguments . 
  `` you ca n't say that '' is n't an argument . 
  this is n't 1984 . 
  western societies are free countries where you can think and say whatever the hell you like . 
  sorry he does n't conform to your opinions . 
  maybe stop watching him . 
  that 's up to you . 
   also that point he made about people seeing themselves as americans is what destiny was saying to him , and he was having none of it at the time, 
  but jontron also said , in this new video , that if * others * are going to racialise / ethnicise everything ( which the radical left is doing ) , then it 's completely hypocritical to be mad when those with different political opinions do it as well . 
  he is quite obviously saying that he hopes for a future where everybody is considered an `` american '' , with no hyphens , no matter their race or ethnicity . 
  but he is saying that , for the time being , while the radical left chooses to slander entire races ( e.g. 
  `` white people ruined america '' ) then he 's going to stand the fuck up against such blatant racism , and he 's going to debunk many of the radical left 's racialised talking points as well ( e.g. 
  `` you ca n't be racist against white people '' ) . 
   also that point he made about people seeing themselves as americans is what destiny was saying to him , and he was having none of it at the time, 
  but jontron also said , in this new video , that if * others * are going to racialise / ethnicise everything ( which the radical left is doing ) , then it 's completely hypocritical to be mad when those with different political opinions do it as well . 
  he is quite obviously saying that he hopes for a future where everybody is considered an `` american '' , with no hyphens , no matter their race or ethnicity . 
  but he is saying that , for the time being , while the radical left chooses to slander entire races ( e.g. 
  `` white people ruined america '' ) then he 's going to stand the fuck up against such blatant racism , and he 's going to debunk many of the radical left 's racialised talking points as well ( e.g. 
  `` you ca n't be racist against white people '' ) . 
  `` somebody who disagrees with me is ignorant '', 
  not an argument . 
  try using arguments . 
  then you 'll concede that there 's white culture then . 
  otherwise you 're racist . 
  i disagree , please provide an argument for your statement . 
   if you want to avoid answering why you think young black males in america have high crime statistics because you 're afraid of sounding racist , that 's a problem . 
  let 's say that it is because of biological factors ( which none of us know , because nobody researches this , because it 's the most taboo topic on the planet ) . 
  what then ? 
  you 're effectively saying `` if you do n't agree that blacks commit more crime due to discrimination '' , then you 're racist . 
  hahahaha . 
  this is why the radical left is so stupid . 
  you ca n't make something metaphysically true , just because it is `` nice '' or `` moral '' !, 
  not being racist means judging people from their character , not their skin colour , like mlk said all those years ago . 
  as for why blacks commit more crime - i have no idea !, 
  biology * could * play a part . 
  we know that biology contributes to blacks having higher rates of sickle-cell anaemia do n't we ? 
  we know that asians almost exclusively have the genes that cause the `` asian flush '' reaction to alcohol do n't we ? 
  so is it impossible that genes have also contributed to different patterns of behaviour ? 
  especially since we know that , in dogs , different breeds have different patterns of behaviour . 
  actually , we already know that genes contribute to behaviour in humans - [ genes have been found that are associated with higher levels of crime ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-29760212 ) !, 
  and now you 'll say `` this is hugely racist , you 're comparing people to dogs , and you 're saying blacks are biologically disposed to crime , you ca n't say that , that 's racist '', 
  okay , i understand your anger , and i know that this is a highly contentious topic , but the fact remains that just because something is * morally distressing * does n't necessarily mean that it is * factually false * . 
  sure , i also do n't know with certainty that biology plays a role either . 
  i am just entertaining the notion that it could be a factor , based on what we know about genes , and their localisation to particular gene pools . 
   black people are predisposed to crime, 
  here 's a logical argument , see if you can follow it . 
  1 ) [ it seems that there are certain genes that are linked with criminal behaviour ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-29760212 ) . 
  quote from that article : `` a genetic analysis of almost 900 offenders in finland has revealed two genes associated with violent crime '' . 
  2 ) we know that certain genes are more prevalent among certain races ; for example , the [ asian flush ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alcohol_flush_reaction ) gene , which is almost exclusively restricted to people of asian descent ( see [ this map ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:aldh2_rs671_genotype_frequency.png ) which shows the geographical distribution of the gene that causes asian flush ), 
  it is certainly possible , then , that the genes that are associated with criminality are more common among a certain race , is n't it ? 
  downvote if you want ; facts do n't care about your feelings . 
  \\  black culture totally exists, 
  \\  white culture does n't exist, 
  \\  can not follow basic logic, 
  \\  calls me deluded, 
  \\  [ my reaction when ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eflbcua.jpg ), 
  not an argument . 
  try making one . 
  but you 're obviously too stupid to make one . 
  yes i think they 're pretty interchangeable in this context . 
  if there 's a point you 're trying to make then please , by all means , go ahead and make it . 
  why is it that the radical left ca n't argue ? 
  you 'd be destroyed in a debate . 
  ad hominem attacks , for instance , would n't be acceptable in a real life debate . 
   assume, 
  that 's not the argument . 
  as i thought , you 're too stupid to follow along .
