   i like to imagine that they spent a fair amount of time figuring out what temperatures should cause fans to spin up to keep everything working smoothly, 
  your point is completely invalid when using the windows version of this program ( which i use ) , the only program i could find that is specifically written for bootcamped macs . 
  when i run windows on my mac , it runs very hot before the fan kicks in ( even at 80 - 100 c the fan is very , very quiet ) . 
  my guess is that apple 's bootcamp drivers for the fan are really terrible , because they spent little time on them . 
  that 's why i downloaded this program . 
  and it seems to do its job , i just hope it is n't doing any secret damage to my fan , and i hope it does n't have spyware ( i do n't think it does but you never know ), 
  so basically your post does n't answer op 's question at all , especially if he 's using the windows version for a bootcamped mac , which he may well might be, 
  i 'm sure he understands that . 
  the question is whether this program is safe from :, 
  * a ) damaging your computer in some way, 
  * b ) mucking around too much with the in-built fan drivers which might prevent them from working properly again, 
  * c ) spyware, 
  i am currently using the windows version of this program , designed for bootcamped macs . 
  and it seems to do its job . 
  but i do n't know , i 've never heard of the company that makes it before . 
  i usually trust open source projects much more than i do small company applications , especially if the program is offered for free , without any charge for an upgrade or anything ( where are they making money ? 
  does this thing collect data from me ? ), 
  as i say this program does seem to do its job , but the question of whether its safe is still an open one and very deserving of discussion . 
  if this program does turn out to have some malignant then i want to know about it . 
  that 's exactly what i thought, 
  that 's why i am a bit untrusting of it, 
  i have installed it , and i 'm using it ( the windows version - because apple 's drivers for bootcamp are crap , and my macbook - under windows - gets crazy hot before the fans kick in ), 
  only because i could n't find an open source alternative though . 
  but yes you are exactly right - if its not open source , and there 's not even a donate option , or a paid upgrade option , how the hell are they making any money ? 
  i did look at their website and they do have some other paid products so perhaps this is just something to get people pulled in and buying their other software ? 
  that seems very odd though because this software is quite useful and they could easily charge something for it ( or some sort of upgraded version ) - it seems odd to offer it completely free . 
  where 's the super male vitality \u2122 ? 
  it probably is a staffer who wrote the follow-up , yes . 
  come on , we all know how trump thinks . 
  he 's not one for conciliatory talk . 
  which , personally , i think could be a liability for him , so yes i would like him to become better at the whole politics gig i guess , but at the same time i still want him to make america great again . 
  he has n't said `` all muslims are terrorists '' . 
  i would also like to address the idea of a temporary ban on muslim immigration . 
  again , i do n't think that 's an absolutely horrible proposal . 
  it has been done before in the united states . 
  the [ chinese exclusion act ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinese_exclusion_act ) is the biggest example ( yes it did n't ban a * religion * , it banned a * nationality * , but i would say that 's pretty similar ) . 
  it was passed in 1882 and was in effect for 61 years , until 1943 . 
  and it 's * very different * to if he was proposing deporting all muslim citizens of the us . 
  that would be a pretty crazy step . 
  i do n't think that would be necessary . 
  but as for stopping muslims from entering the country , i do n't think that 's terribly bad . 
  at the end of the day , nobody has a right to enter a country . 
  it is a privilege to be allowed into a country . 
  whereas the citizens of that country do have a right to stop others from entering if they so wish . 
  every single country in the entire world takes advantage of this right and only lets in people that they think will benefit their country . 
  i agree we should be on the same side , and i think it may happen in the next 10 years . 
  populism is happening on the left-wing and the right-wing , and while they may differ on social opinions ( immigration , etc. 
  ) , the central demand of both of them is the same : better working/middle class wages . 
  which makes perfect sense , given the stagnation of working/middle class wages , and the rise of a super-rich elite , that has happened over the last few decades . 
  we already had occupy wall street . 
  i think we could well see similar movements soon , and i hope they will be ones that gain a broader appeal , so we can actually make a difference . 
   they are too caught up in trying to be better than others, 
  i disagree . 
  i just think people have different perspectives , and ca n't see the other side . 
  ultimately everyone just wants to be able to get a job , to get on in life , to be able to provide for their family . 
  but there is now a massive cultural divide , probably caused in part by massive shifts in technology in recent decades , and in increasing racial diversity , creating a big cultural gap between the young , urban , multi-ethnic progressive population , and the older , rural , more traditional , and less ethnically diverse population . 
  apologies . 
  noted now . 
  he said that trump supporters have `` blinders on '' , `` are in some sort of trance '' , `` like they have been hypnotised '' . 
  and i 'm saying that liberals have blinders on over the issue of islamic terrorism . 
  i 'm guessing those on the right are confederate , given the light-coloured uniform , and what looks like the confederate flag ( yes i know it 's the army of northern virginia battle flag ) on that first guy 's medal . 
  but i thought that americans did n't like symbols of the confederacy being shown because it represents treason ? 
  or would i be right to guess that 's just a modern view though , shaped by the desire to heal racial tensions , and that for a long time they allowed such uniforms / symbols to be worn , out of respect ? 
  fair enough . 
  so i guess the `` treason '' argument is a modern thing . 
  did n't know that . 
  that 's pretty noble to be honest , honouring the rest of the country like that . 
  seems like the right thing to do as well i think since they 're all americans . 
  thanks for explaining !, 
  i have known many muslims at school and at university . 
  i often make the argument to fellow trump supporters that you can have moderate muslims . 
  i have known some . 
  this does n't change the fact that islam , in general , is currently much more violent than christianity . 
  the number of terrorist attacks motivated by islam is gigantic . 
  i do n't really have a bone to pick with moderate muslims - as long as they are willing to conform to the values of my country ( britain ) . 
  britain is a christian country . 
  this is codified in law ( the church of england is the official church of the state in england ) . 
  if others want to come here , they have to live by our standards . 
  my main bone to pick is with extremists . 
  not just terrorists , but also those who refuse to integrate into the values of my country . 
  i do n't want them here to be honest . 
  am i going to support deporting them ? 
  if they show enough animosity towards my country then yes . 
  if the majority of people in my country do n't want to deport them , fine . 
  i will accept that . 
  but i personally would probably support measures that deported extreme muslims - i 'm talking about ones who want to impose sharia law , that sort of thing . 
  you might think that 's a bit extreme . 
  well , that 's your opinion . 
  correction : 54 % * of those who voted * voted for someone other than trump . 
  perhaps he has n't done that much . 
  i do n't really care . 
  he 's doing the things that made me support him so i am very happy to see that . 
  the liberal left need a good bashing . 
  unfortunately they lost contact with reality a long time ago . 
  i have a lot of respect for people like elon musk and others who are saying they will work with trump , even if they disagree with him . 
  there are still leftist politicians in congress who will make their voices heard , no doubt . 
  as for the general public , it 's up to them to accept him . 
  that 's my view . 
  they do n't deserve consolation . 
  they have n't given us any .
