  yeah this is what i thought . 
  alot of people are using this video as a `` gotcha '' sorta thing . 
  but realy it seems like people are making a fuss about it mostly cause sexual assault is a hot topic right now . 
   would you create an exception for them ? 
  what if burgenland ( with croat/hungarian minority ) asks for automony as well ? 
  if they had a good reason , but that wont happen so its pretty much irrelevant . 
  you could take a more accurate example and take vorarlberg . 
  voralrbergians are alemannian , which makes them much closer to swiss germans than austrians . 
   erasmum was introduced a bit of years ago , mate ... what would the current difficult for them be ? 
  and universities are already a complicated matter to deal with , especialy if you lets say worked in a field that would allow you to skip some courses on the uni ( like lets say working in a lab and as such getting some universtiy credits for that when studying chemistry )  what about the italian minority ( 25 % of southern tyroleans , the majority near bolzano/bozen ) ? 
  welsh tyroleans ( so native tyrolean italians ) and ladin speakers and what they are all called obviously should get their own referendum simmilar to slovenes in austria . 
  bozen is another matter . 
  italians were deliberatley brought there to strengthen the italian foothold in the region . 
  bozen is surrounded by a german speaking area so i wouldnt say its the `` area '' of bozen , its specifically the city of bozen and this is an artificial measure . 
  as such i dont thinkt hat this excuses bozen not beeing part of the proposed referendum . 
  obviously they should , as you said , keep the multi lingual nature of the area if its required due to an italian minority . 
  austria already does this in carinthia where there is a large slovenian minority . 
   also , are you saying italian and german are n't rilevant at all ? 
  german in europe yes , in the rest of the world ? 
  not realy . 
  italian ? 
  in italy maybe . 
  spanish and french is far more usefull , as are languages like russian , mandarin and english . 
   but what to do ? 
  it 's mostly southern italy 's fault . 
  i know , im not blaming it on you , or italians for that matter . 
  i dont know if italy as such can be blamed . 
  however that doesnt change the situation , its not about * blame * its about the road forward . 
   northern italy as a whole is . 
  another rich regions and net contributors to the italian budget are emilia romagna , veneto , piedmont , tuscany ... lombardy is the first but not the only one . 
  while thats true id argue lombardy and south tyrol are quite a bit higher than the rest . 
  like a more extreme example of vorarlberg in austria . 
   south tyrol does n't get dragged down by southern italy , except in the statistics which talk about italy as a whole . 
  i wouldnt be so sure about the future . 
  south italy is going to be hit by alot of stuff , with more and more refugees arriving from africa , the already bad situation and the eu right now losing the grip on its internal problems , i could see south italys problems creep down north pretty fast . 
  seems like this happened in spain before . 
   alright , but us had n't its industrial fabric , infrastructures and so on touched by the war , unlike in europe . 
  they still lost alot of young men in an employable age , in a time when women working was just becoming a thing . 
   i could argue that south tyrol was included in italic province during romans ' times it was also an austrian province for much longer , so that realy isnt an argument is it ? 
  i could argue that the ostrogoths ruled italy and as such italy should be part of sweden . 
   but now , in 2016 , talking about borders in the eu is useless : considering multiple countries , austria included , are getting border checks id say this is an unfortunate time to make that argument . 
   by your logic we should redraw half of european borders , you 'd get south tyrol , we 'd get ticino , savoy and eastern provence id have no problem with that . 
   yet the ideas of european integration must not die due to the eu of these years or in name of an outdated nationalism . 
  i dont think nationalism is `` outdated '' i think its misunderstood as an ideology rather than a fact . 
  nations exist , you can not ignore that . 
  people will stick with those that talk and think like them . 
  hence why there are so many south tyroleans studying in austria . 
  as for european integration : i dont like the idea of undermining europes identities in an effort to make it more economically viable . 
  culture must not be saccrificed on the altar of profit . 
  ill allow it , grammar naziing is probably the only thing you swedes are allowed to yap about . 
  haha what ? 
  i have not seen that !, 
  this is what i find very important . 
  change is * not * inevitable . 
  i hate it when people paint a resistance to change as a negative thing . 
  not every change is good , not every change is inevitable . 
  sometimes refusing to change is a good thing . 
   austria would not allow them to keep 98 % of their tax revenue . 
  they would become a net contributor to the austrian budget so they would end up losing money and benefits . 
  says who ? 
  you dont know that . 
  for what its worth , it would also mean better connections to a country with their own language , it would mean that they would be part of a country that is more likley to share their political motives . 
  for students , this would be especaily good , lots of south tyroleans already study in innsbruck or some even in graz and vienna , to them , that would make things much easier . 
  also it would remove the need to learn italian in school , making way for more education in english or other languages that are actually relevant . 
  furthermore it would mean beeing part of the austrian job market  alto adige / s\u00fcdtirol , the name of the region . 
   alto adige according to a fascist . 
  its called s\u00fcdtirol , nobody that lives there calls it anything else . 
  thats like insisting that the slovenes call their capital laibach despite no german living there anymore . 
   and what would this mess be ? 
  rising youth unemployment and an extreme difference in wealth distribution from north to south , austrias distribution from west to east is far less extreme . 
   and what would this mess be ? 
  again , you compare the per capita of the second richest province of italy with the entierty of austria . 
  thats not realy a great argument when you consider that lombardy is basically hogging the entire wealth of the country , as youve pointed out yourself . 
   the first one has 10kk inhabitants and a very complex economy mostly based on industries and financial sector , the second one has just 500k inhabitants and an economy for sure rich and advanced but mostly relying on its hotels in the several valleys . 
  which is just what you did . 
  i wanted to point that one out . 
  comparing apples with oranges . 
   center italy does n't rank bad at all , with most of the regions above the european average ( at 27k eur ) . 
  which is why its probably a good idea for south tyrol to ditch southern italy . 
   trentino alto adige region is at 5 % ( how come ? 
  did n't italy exploit them ? ) . 
  this isnt an argument in your favor . 
  basically what you are showing is that s\u00fcdtirol is better off than the rest of italy and that they certainly dont have italy to thank for that . 
   it 's not a justification . 
  it 's a fact . 
  tell me one nation which did n't suffer from any war . 
  economically the us did pretty well . 
  but thats besides the point . 
  doesnt justify continuing this nonsense . 
   one could write endless examples talking about war 's unfairness . 
  so your argument is `` everyone else is doing it '' well we didnt . 
  we let the slovenes decide if they wanted to be part of slovenia or austria , they decided to stick with us . 
  but you know tyroleans would not stick with you . 
   also we should move forward european integration european integration is just a buzzword used by the eu to justify a more centralized government style that i personally disagree with since it compromises regional interrests . 
   ever notice of european macroregion tyrol - alto adige/south tyrol - trentino ? 
  ever notice that this `` macroregion '' is completley irrelevant ? 
  i want to know one thing from you . 
  what is your reason to want south tyrol to be part of italy . 
  you personally . 
  what is your reason , i cant wait to find out .
