  haha !, 
  this article , so sublte !, 
  `` 14 year old in a wheelchair , crying , perfect german '' yeah guess how representative of migrants that is . 
   first , southern tyroleans want to be part neither of italy nor of austria . 
  their dream would be an unique tyrol with your homonym region . 
  and as ive said in the other post , id generally support that . 
  tho i still believe that many south tyroleans would rather be with austria than with italy . 
  but again , what im talking about is the ability of tyroleans to decide , not * what * they should decide . 
   ah , the ad hominem attack , finally . 
  no , unless you feel personally responsible for the mess italy is in , in that case get off reddit and run your country since you obviously are a politician . 
   unluckily you talk about your country being super rich when lombardy has an higher both total gdp both gdp per capita than austria according to what source ? 
  cause ive seen some that conflict that view . 
  not to mention that lombardy has the highest gdp of all of italy per capita south tyrol actually has more than lombardy tho . 
  its funny that you say it in such a way that indicates lombardy having a higher per capita than `` the whole of austria '' ( a claim id still like to dispute ) beeing particulary meaningfull . 
  you could compare that to the highest ranking austrian region . 
  in which case three austrian regions , salzburg , vienna and vorarlberg trump both s\u00fcdtirol and lombardy , according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_regions_by_gdp ) southern and central italy rank way behind that , which is where your countries obvious problems come from . 
  also doesnt realy tackle the massive youth unemployment that italy faces . 
   the italianization of south tyrol was as bad as everything that happens in war . 
  if someone would use that justification in my country , hed be in jail . 
   you lost ww1 , we got south tyrol . 
  and this justifies south tyrol beeing part of italy today ? 
  so you think beeing on the winning side of world war 1 somehow entitles you to overrule the majority population of a region that nationality wise has no reason to be part of your country ? 
  right , you want to make me look a looney . 
  fine , i can back up my claims . 
  go , shoot . 
   that left volontarly yeah , `` voluntarily '' , basically two fascists going `` you take that i take that '' you want to blame the tyroleans on that ? 
  as if it wasnt obvious that the other option was to become italian . 
  back then , nobody knew how the situation was going to turn out . 
  and no , for the most part they lived in south tyrolean blocks created in all major cities in austria , i live right next to one . 
  about the `` bogus claims '' : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ettore_tolomei this guy . 
  the false pretenses were made up by fascists , later some of them became quite important . 
  by false pretenses i mean they basically convinced those that won world war 1 that south tyrol was italian to begin with by making up a bunch of bogus italian names for things . 
   `` or hell , can it be austria hungary time again ? '', 
  implying this was serious . 
  implying i was talking about a landgrab . 
  implying i was talking about forcing a nation that doesnt want to be part of austria to be part of austria . 
  if you already want to expose hypocrisy you should do it properly . 
   south tyrol is an autonomous province yes , after you were forced to make it that twice . 
  after both the fascists and the non fascist italian attempted to italianize them twice . 
  once per taking away their language , then by merging the area with an even larger italian area to cancel out their votes . 
   ok , `` colonised '' by fascists , but why blame sons for the fathers guilts . 
  im not blaming them , im blaming italy for not returning the property to the exiles that now live in austria . 
   and , for what i know , sudtyrol volkspartei and their supporters do not want to join austria ( why would they ? 
  they 're richer and more spoiled under italian government )  simply they would like to be independent . 
  i would support this too . 
  and the `` spoiled '' argument . 
  please , at this point , they are a region with a healthy economy in a country that is quite frankly on a downward spiral . 
  it wont last . 
   a ) i alweys found that the forced italianization a south tyroleans , crotians , slovenians and other minorities one of the darkest pages of my country history and i never ever down played it and yet you still want to deny them the right to chose what nation they are part of . 
   b ) the changing of names of places was part of a larger crazy program of removal a foregin place names , surnames and even words and went on all over the countr it was also used to legitimize italys claim on south tyrol * before * it was part of italy . 
  not to mention the land grab was done after the armistice . 
   c ) i personally think that south tyroleans germonophone italophone and ladini should have the right to decide what them want to be austrian or italian with a referendum even if i do n't see it happening soon you earlier said you object to that . 
  we were speaking about a potential vote to merge the two countries . 
  you said you disagree . 
  also , that still leaves the issue of you moving southern italians to bozen , forcefully italianizing it as a measure to curb just such motives . 
  which is extremley obvious when you realize that bozen is majority italian while the entire region around bozen is a tyrolean majority . 
   i simply enlighted the fact that what you said was complitly historically incorrect . 
  just that it isnt . 
  fascists werent in power back then , but it was a fascist that came up with the bogus justifications . 
  yeah , as said , false pretenses , helped that you had some revisionism going on , making up a bunch of bogus italian names to legitimize your claim . 
  oh yeah , and speaking of the fascists since you try to downplay that : forced italization , especialy of bozen . 
  in reality , there are a bunch of tyroleans living there who speak german and are culturally identical to the tyroleans in austria . 
  they have attempted to be seperate from italy several times now . 
  realy if you are italian and in favor of south tyrol beeing part of italy then you only have imperialistic goals in mind . 
  tyroleans are not italians and as it appears they wont ever be , they do not identify with italy . 
  whats your argument for keeping it ? 
  other than some fantasies of past grandeur . 
  and whats your argument ? 
  that you want to keep a region annexed by fascists under false pretenses ? 
  below 60 % ? 
  thats surprising , id have expected higher numbers . 
  probably not high , right now , there is a big anti german sentiment for political reasons . 
  maybe if we were to anschluss you and get rid of merkel in the process . 
  austria and south tyrol on the other hand . . or hell , can it be austria hungary time again ? 
  there are already laws in place against this . 
  let the police deal with it . 
  for what its worth , theyll never be italian . 
   well we agree that removing just some is a silly thing to do . 
  i do n't think it 's a freedom of speech or a censorship issue though , just a matter of bias . 
  but every news site is bias one way or the other , that 's why you always read multiple news sites . 
  well depends on where you draw the line . 
  to me , its censorship because a certain opinion isnt allowed . 
   if a shop owner had just blue party signs everywhere in their shop and would kick anyone out who said they do n't vote blue party i would say that a shitty thing to do and i would hope by doing so they would lose business . 
  but thats kind of what these sites are doing . 
  activeley promoting one opinion and banning people saying `` nuh uh ''  is n't that their choice though to have or not to have ? 
  or do you expect them to maintain and pay for whatever mods are needed for a comment section they do n't even want . 
  as said , i think removing it all has some legitimacy , removing some doesnt . 
   right-wing movements implying . 
  this is not a right wing movement anymore . 
  its a common sense movement and if you look at the media right now you see more and more left wing figures coming out and saying that the migration policy of the eu is ridiculous . 
   inhumane more name calling . 
   neckbeard are we already at the name calling stage ? 
   free-speech arguments this is a bad thing ? 
   he gave up his life to resist the national socialists . 
  exactly . 
   if you like niem\u00f6ller leave your house and protect a refugee home . 
  are you equating beeing opposed to unchecked migration to beeing a nazi ? 
   yep , their shop their rules . 
  as long as they do n't break any laws of course . 
  do you not think someone should be able to decide what happens on their property ?
