  unless everything you know about germany is bavaria . 
  which to be fair is pretty common thanks to american media . 
  its active in destroying germany . 
  implying youd want that . 
  you can tell slovenia to gib krain and untersteiermark tho . 
  this is what happens when you have such a passive government . 
  everyone else reacts , we dont . 
  that absolutley does not make any sense . 
  why would that destroy our economy ? 
  its not like they take their minimum wage with them . 
  i think that the us has lower labour costs than germany and is quite a bit larger than slovakia . 
  youll have to prove that one . 
  and also those countries are way smaller , you cant even compare it . 
  yeah , typical talk . 
  beneficial to whom ? 
  to the worker ? 
  i don thtink so . 
  also european goods will be cheaper in america ? 
  what european goods ? 
  german cars ? 
  they import those en masse already . 
  yes * some * high powered industries may have a benefit but the worker wont get that benefit and domestic food will be fucked . 
  not to mention a drop in quality in the eu . 
  quality wise the usa cant compete with the eu in alot of fields especialy when it comes to food . 
  so this can only work out in a negative way for us . 
  either we drop our quality or face a crisis , great . 
  but amercians get to export cheap . 
  the workers of both countries are fucked , the one have less protection and lower wages and the other ones are losing jobs . 
  there is no net positive in this . 
  well yeah , sums it up niceley . 
  tho , it also `` helps '' that vienna has such a concentration that this doesnt hit anyone else . 
  with vienna it also helps that this was a ethnically mixed city for a long time now . 
  especialy slavs have been there for a long while now . 
  its like shes activeley trying to make me distrust anything that comes out of her mouth . 
  what are these benefits ? 
  cheap imports that our pro worker industry can not compete with ? 
  oh great i cant wait !, 
  `` everything will be cheaper ! '', 
  yes and we will also be poorer . 
  actually now , the country with the lower worker protection is favored here , due to them having less cost , meaning they are more competetive as they have lower spending . 
  very much so , however , make no mistake , salafists are ofthen trying to undermine that and spread their influence . 
  to a smaller degree . 
  i wouldnt say i see more coexistance , but i do see less extremes due to us not having nearly as many foreigners as france does . 
  and where we got most of them is vienna which is not a place i go to alot . 
  the us is very different to europe . 
  the us is an immigrant country , the native population having long been displaced . 
  also the culture of the us is one of the melting pot kind . 
  but then again it seems like the us is not without its own problems with integration . 
  there never was . 
  and integration isnt enaugh . 
  it needs to be assimilation . 
  which only happens when the amount of newcomers is miniscule compared to the natives . 
  when ghettoization is impossible . 
  but this isnt the case . 
  what do you mean still ? 
  did they ever coexist ? 
  because from what i see in france , they mostly form sub societies . 
  which is my point . 
  let them scream and moan now , they are on the way to irrelevance . 
  for better or worse . 
  just stating my predictions . 
  if they dont change course soon , which judging from their closed ranks right now they wont do , people will no longer be intimidated by beeing associated with the right and the political spectrum will turn . 
  in my expirience this has to do with two factors : 1 . 
  numbers 2 . 
  precieved power when they are low in numbers , sarcasm and strawmans are ofthen their tactic . 
  this means they can easily say it was just a joke , and at the same time ignore any valid argument thrown at them . 
  as soon asthere are more of them in the sub tho , or the group is dominated by their opinion , their tactic quickly becomes dogpiling , name calling , yeah the sarcasm doesnt stop there , but they develop a new feeling of rigtheousness and have even less regards for the argument of anyone else . 
  the other thing is precieved power . 
  seen this on german speaking subreddits or forums alot . 
  there it usually doesnt take long for them to invoke godwins law . 
  when they feel like the community is on their side ( or are used to it beeing ) , they ofthen do not even attempt to refute arguments but just resort to calling you something terrible or attempt to make generalizations . 
  this can be especialy hillarious when the tone in the community has long changed and suddenly they look extremley stupid . 
  i agree , they do . 
  what im saying is that germany does too . 
  ok , germany does it less official . 
  but germany did accuse a journalists of high treason for pointing out criminal activity within the intelligence agency . 
  should tell you more than enaugh . 
  just because germany packages its authoritarianism up more niceley doesnt mean it isnt there . 
  the difference between east and west is not nearly as big as it is made out to be in that regard . 
  whats truly shocking is that we learn these things only now . 
  why is that shocking ? 
  because this shows that if the big media drama in cologne wouldnt have happened , we would never have heard of these things , they would have been swept under the rug . 
  at least that is my understanding of it . 
  to be fair , its probably better when leftists hate you then having everyone think youre a terrorist . 
  yeah ? 
  try the discussion or meta tag . 
  obviously ghazi posters are dropping now or using throwaway accounts because posting on kia once will immediatly get you banned from a variety of other subs . 
  so heres the thing . 
  you should check peoples post history before lying to their face . 
  kia has frequent posters from gamerghazi , an srs affiliated sub . 
  you might get downvoted but you arent getting banned . 
  getting banned for opinions is not something that happens on kia , been there since day 1 . 
  well no , it was never true to begin with . 
  western europe isnt anymore grown up than eastern europe is . 
  if anything , western europe has acted way more emotional than easstern or eastern central europe has . 
  yes , what countries like the czech republic and hungary do might seem radical . 
  but realy a crisis is not the time to complain about someone beeing `` mean '' . 
  especialy if half of western europe now does the same thing . 
  srs is not just one sub , srs wormed its way into a variety of other subs . 
  i mean you can laugh at it if you want .
