   multiculturalism and immigration are good in moderation i dont know if i agree with that . 
  multiculturalism tends to only work when it doesnt . 
  by which i mean if people integrate . 
  multiculturalism is a nice sounding word but in practice it always boils down to paralell societies which in terms boils down to poverty . 
  while i dont categorically disagree with you , id like to point that out . 
  multiculturalism is a nice buzzword but in reality when people say `` moderate multiculturalism works '' what they mean is : `` it works when there is no multiculture but one culture that everyone integrates into '' integration is hard , and it tends to only work when you have small numbers of migrants that are forced to comply with the host culture because they have nobody else . 
  pegida bashing is realy interresting . 
  aperently , most people think that the government handles the crisis wrong . 
  yet no matter if its pegida , the afd or the indentiaires everyone hates them and declares they are nazis . 
  despite most people agreeing with at least some of what they say according to polls . 
  why is that ? 
  i dont consider jihadists from austria to be austrian tbh . 
  good . 
  its a start , maybe they can kill all those others aswell at some point . 
  let everyone in !, 
  what could go wrong !, 
  we owe it to humanity to put thousands of people out in the cold !, 
  they werent safe in warm , secure turkey !, 
  and people still defend her . 
  remember , no mercy with greece !, 
  but humanity !, 
  its a different kind of weird it involves more literal shit and less figurative shit !, 
  mountainbros !, 
  i always find it funny when germans start that kinda thinking . 
  the germany of today has nothing to do with that . 
  the name is completley arbitrary . 
  we arent , by your definition . 
  remember , integration is very easy : ^ ), 
  because 13 % of the population is actually pretty much . 
  very true . 
  they always keep those bits out . 
  i am not convinced that integration is even possible at such a large scale . 
  you realize big private industries love the immigration right ? 
  because it means they can lobby for a depression of minimum wage . 
  big industries love a job market with lots of unemployed people . 
  that means there will be more people competing for the same job and that means they can keep salaries low . 
  they love the immigrants because they are a perfect decoy . 
  they wont be getting jobs anyway , but in an attempt to get them jobs , they will lower salaries and as a result they will get the more skilled native workers for less money . 
  more of a red myself but honestly im not a fan of red green . 
  my big issue right now is with the \u00d6vp losing voters tot he fp\u00d6 , that we might see red green big time . 
  now i hate the \u00d6vp , but at least they arent as insane as the greens are . 
  but ... 
  lederhosen are austrian not german ( no you cant keep lederhosen for yourself just because of bavarians , you only pretend to like the bavarians at oktoberfest anyway ) . 
  shit happens . 
  whatever it is , they do love weird porn !, 
  `` krokodil den '' wonderfull !, 
  slav colours + triglav . 
  hey , the triglav is nice . 
  i wonder why we havent put a mountain on our flag . 
  there was such an awsome polandball picture that showed that but i cant find it anymore . 
   how many do you think work in dairy ? 
  i dont know about canada but here pretty much everyone in the rural areas that doesnt grow crops . 
  which given our mountainous landscape is alot of people . 
  ( crops dont grow up high ) and then you got ta consider that this isnt just milk . 
  there are derived industries for milk products , which again , in my country are quite alot , especialy in the west . 
  but this isnt just about dairy . 
  what you imply here is that there are two ways to go for a company : either you can not compete , in which case you go bankrupt , or you can compete and nothing changes . 
  this isnt true , alot of companies will , in order to compete , have to cut their losses , which in most cases are salaries or jobs , in order to afford to shell out cheaper products to compete with the foreign markets . 
  which is why competition will either lead to mass unemployment or to a rise in poverty . 
   why would 99 % of industries care . 
  because 99 % of industries would get new major competition from countries with different work ethics and different regulations for workers . 
  one more big thing in austria is steel . 
  austria does have for its size a pretty neat little steel industry . 
  and since that has tradition in austria , the steel union has quite a bit of power , the reason for that is because workers in high risk industries like that tend to need additional protection . 
  enter a bunch of countries with less powerfull unions pushing out those industries which have to bow to workers unions . 
  which in terms caues a ripple effect in the mechanical industry . 
  the funny thing is that you dont even disagree with me . 
  `` it will hit some industries hard , others not '' yeah , it will hit industires in europe hard and those in america not . 
  these things always hit those industries hard that have additional worker protection and higher salaries . 
   globalization also means less dependence on local providers . 
  thus weakening the local economy . 
  this is not a good thing as far as im concerned . 
  face it . 
  we arent getting anywhere . 
  you are what i can only assume is a liberal , im a socialist . 
  we have fundamentally different views on how the market should or should not be controlled . 
  more democratic than a pact to keep just one party out . 
  and i thought that was refering to them all beeing drunk, 
  speaking of tho , i should visit slovakia eventually . 
  we kind of share a border and ive never even been there, 
  vol ? 
  like german voll ? 
  to be fair , with all the pictures of hallstatt , china , the question wether or not were in europe might be legit . 
  eh , for me this seems to be one more of those `` be ashamed '' things that are pushed to get people to watch somehting they would otherwise find boring . 
  undefined libearls . 
  they like to talk about `` new things '' alot . 
  what these `` new '' things are , well they tend to be silent about that . 
  well yeah kinda . 
  guess whats why im not a fan of it . 
  undefined libearls . 
  they like to talk about `` new things '' alot . 
  what these `` new '' things are , well they tend to be silent about that . 
  not when its their workplace that gets cuts . 
  and those cuts will be made in lower class working places , logic dictates that . 
  and `` just a couple of thousands '' im sorry but i dont like your logic here . 
  again you are arguing as if workplaces exist in a vacuum . 
  one part of the domestic industry kicks the bucket the rest follows suit . 
  not to mention that this will lead to a massive drop in salaries across the board due to additional competition , the additional people that lost their jobs that are now on the job market also help companies to keep salaries low . 
  this will absolutley not be a good thing for the lower class . 
  beeing public would be a big start .
